हिंदी
 Login
 Register
 Cart
Home
Current Affairs
E-Magazine
Books
Magazine
Subscription
E-Store
Contact us
Home Oneliner Current Affairs Oneliner Current Affairs National
Oneliner Current Affairs National
 Which river is the focus of the ₹272 crore conservation projects in Uttar Pradesh?  -- Ganga
 Which book did K S Manilal work on translating and annotating?  -- Hortus Malabaricus
 Which two armies are participating in the 'Suryakiran' exercise? -- Indian, and Nepal
 What is the primary focus of the Surya Kiran exercise between India and Nepal? -- Jungle warfare
 Who won the Women’s Rapid World Chess Title in December 2024? -- Koneru Humpy
 What was the rural-urban gap in per capita consumption expenditure in India for 2023-24? -- 70%
 Which state is set to translocate 14 tigers to Gujarat, Chhattisgarh, and Odisha as part of an animal exchange programme? -- Madhya Pradesh
 How many property cards were distributed under the Svamitva Scheme on 27th December 2024? -- 58 Lakh
 Which meeting did PM Modi chair on 26th December 2024 to review infrastructure projects worth over Rs. 1 lakh crore? -- PRAGATI
 Which campaign concluded on 25th December 2024, focusing on public service delivery to rural communities? -- Prashasan Gaon ki Ore
 Which former Prime Minister passed away at the age of 92 on 26th December 2024? -- Dr. Manmohan Singh
 Which day celebrates the bravery of the Sahibzades?  -- Veer Baal Diwas
 Who was appointed as the new Revenue Secretary in the Ministry of Finance? -- Arunish Chawla
 Which Indian literary and cinematic legend passed away on 25th December, 2024? -- M.T. Vasudevan Nair
 Who passed away on 23rd December 2024, leaving behind a legacy in Indian cinema?  -- Shyam Benegal
 What is the theme for Republic Day 2025? -- Swarnim Bharat: Virasat aur Vikas
 Which Act does National Consumer Day commemorate?  -- Consumer Protection Act, 1986
 What new rules have been notified by the Union Government for telecommunications interception? -- Telecommunications (Procedures and Safeguards for Lawful Interception of Messages) Rules, 2024
 Which policy for Classes 5 and 8 has the Centre ended? -- No-Detention Policy
 When is National Farmers Day celebrated to honor farmers' contributions to food security? -- 23rd Dec
 What initiative was launched at Kolkata Airport to provide affordable essentials? -- Udaan Yatri Café
 In which state did India conduct its first dolphin tagging?  -- Assam
 Which village became India's first solar-powered border village? -- Masali (Gujarat)
 Who received the National Tansen Samman 2023? -- Pt. Swapan Choudhary
 Which state's assembly recently passed the Groundwater (Amendment) Bill? -- Karnataka
 What is the name of the initiative launched by NCL for free health care? -- CHARAK
 At which place, the naval exercise, SLINEX-24 is being conducted? -- Visakhapatnam
 What initiative did the Union Sports Minister recently launch to promote cycling and fitness? -- Fit India Cycling Tuesdays
 What new scheme was introduced by the Union Government to help farmers secure loans using their produce as collateral? -- Credit Guarantee Scheme for e-NWR-Based Pledge Financing
 Which prestigious award did the Ayodhya Ram temple project receive? -- Sword of Honour
 Which renowned classical singer and harmonium artist recently passed away? -- Sanjay Marathe
 Who was the iconic tabla maestro who passed away on 15th December? -- Zakir Hussain
 What is the name of the new scheme launched to promote cargo movement via inland waterways? -- Jalvahak
 What is the name of the EPFO’s IT infrastructure upgrade plan? -- EPFO 3.0
 Which act has been repealed by the Railways (Amendment) Bill, 2024? -- Indian Railway Board Act
 What is the total amount UAE has committed to investing in India’s infrastructure? -- $75 billion
 What initiative is EPFO planning to introduce by mid-2025? -- ATM-like fund withdrawals
 Which kinds of elections are excluded from Simultaneous Elections Bill? -- Local body elections
 Who became the youngest world chess champion in 2024? -- D Gukesh
 Which region accounted for nearly half of all malaria cases in Southeast Asia in 2023? -- India
 Which act preserves the status of religious sites as they existed on August 15, 1947? -- Places of Worship Act
 Which welfare campaigns were recently launched by the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh? -- Jan Kalyan Parv, Mukhya Mantri Jan Kalyan Abhiyan
 Where was the 22nd Divya Kala Mela inaugurated? -- India Gate
 Where did the World Ayurveda Congress and Arogya Expo 2024 begin? -- Dehradun
 From 2025, how many subjects can students choose for CUET-UG? -- Five
 What is the name of the Indian Navy’s newly commissioned stealth frigate? -- INS Tushil
 What is the stipend for Bima Sakhis in the first year? -- Rs 7,000
 How much additional allocation was announced for FY 2024-25 under the PM POSHAN Scheme? -- Rs 425.62 crore
 Where was the Ashtalakshmi Mahotsav 2024 held? -- Delhi
 What is the primary focus of the Boilers Bill passed by Rajya Sabha? -- Industrial safety
 What was the focus of the India-UK 2+2 Dialogue? -- Strategic partnership
 Which sector does the Coastal Shipping Bill aim to boost? -- Maritime trade
 What job reservation percentage has been proposed for Ladakh locals? -- 95%
 Which new crafts were approved by the Defence Acquisition Council for coastal defence? -- Water Jet Fast Attack Crafts
 What major change did the Rajya Sabha pass related to petroleum operations? -- Oilfields (Regulation and Development) Amendment Bill
 What did FSSAI announce regarding packaged drinking water? -- High-risk food
 On 2nd Dec 2024, which military exercise commenced between India and Malaysia? -- HARIMAU SHAKTI
 Which Indian initiative was praised by Oxford University’s Saïd Business School for accelerating infrastructure projects? -- PRAGATI
 Which bill was recently introduced in the Lok Sabha to promote Indian-flagged vessels for coastal trade? -- Coastal Shipping Bill
 Which online learning platform was recently launched for the Indian Army? -- Eklavya
 Where was SAREX-2024 conducted? -- Kochi
 Which state announced initiatives for seed parks during the National Seed Congress? -- Uttar Pradesh
 What national plan aims to reduce snakebite deaths by 2030? -- National Action Plan for Prevention and Control of Snakebite Envenoming (NAPSE)
 Which states are included in the Rs. 3,295 crore tourism loan project? -- 23 States
 Which fund will support the One-Stop Centres? -- Indian Community Welfare Fund
 What exhibition was inaugurated at the National Museum? -- Shunyata
 Which Lithuanian film won the Golden Peacock at IFFI 2024? -- Toxic
 Who received the Satyajit Ray Lifetime Achievement Award at IFFI 2024? -- Phillip Noyce
 What is the range of the K4 ballistic missile? -- 3,500 km
 From which submarine was the K4 missile tested? -- INS Arighaat
 Who was the renowned economist who recently passed away at 87?  -- Amiya Kumar Bagchi
 Which state will host the Khelo India Youth Games 2025? -- Bihar
 Which terms in the Preamble were upheld by the SC on 25th November 2024? -- Socialist and Secular
 What is the theme of World Heritage Week 2024? -- Discover and Experience Diversity
 According to recent guidelines, who must telecom entities appoint for overseeing cybersecurity?  -- Chief Telecommunication Security Officer
 Where will the 130th anniversary global conference of ICA be held? -- Delhi
 What is the purpose of the VISION portal launched by Union Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh?  -- Skill development and Innovation
 What is the name of India's first indigenous antibiotic launched in November 2024? -- Nafithromycin
 What is the name of the new OTT app launched by Prasar Bharati? -- Waves
 Where was the Sea Vigil 2024 exercise conducted? -- Goa
 In which state did the 'Sanyukt Vimochan 2024' exercise take place? -- Gujarat
 What is the aim of the Bharat NCX 2024 exercise?  -- Enhancing India’s cybersecurity resilience
 Which Indian village has been selected for the UNWTO Best Tourism Village Upgrade programme?  -- Dhudmaras
 Which initiative was recently launched to boost research in Indian universities? -- PAIR
 What is the range capability of India’s first long-range hypersonic missile? -- 1,500 kilometers
 Which organization will conduct the Sea Vigil-24 coastal defence exercise? -- Indian Navy
  What is the name of India’s first-ever space warfare exercise? -- Antariksha Abhyas 2024
 Who won the 28th World Title at the IBSF World Billiards Championship in 2024? -- Pankaj Advani
  Which country has the second-largest diabetes population after India? -- China
 Which instrument was Pandit Ram Narayan renowned for playing? -- Sarangi
 What is the new reservation percentage for women in Madhya Pradesh government jobs?  -- 35%
 What is the name of the project launched to promote India’s military heritage? -- Shaurya Gatha
 How many locations will be covered in the Nationwide DLC Campaign 3.0? -- 800
 Which pistol was inducted into the Indian Army for Special Forces? -- Asmi
 What initiative did the ICMR recently launch?  -- First in the World Challenge
 Who has been appointed as India’s new Defence Secretary succeeding Giridhar Aramane? -- Rajesh Kumar Singh
 Who was the iconic designer that passed away at 63, impacting global fashion? -- Rohit Bal
 What independent body is proposed to improve manuscript preservation efforts? -- National Manuscripts Authority
 Who was appointed as the Director (Finance) in the CRPF? -- Raj Kumar
 Which security force's raising day was celebrated on 24th October 2024? -- ITBP
 What does UDID stand for in the context of disability services? -- Unique Disability Identity
 Which regulatory body issued notices to quick commerce firms? -- Central Consumer Protection Authority (CCPA)
 Recently, what type of submarine was launched in Visakhapatnam? -- Nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarine (SSBN)
 Recently, Union government announced a two-year nationwide celebration, from 2024 to 2026, to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary of which freedom fighter?  -- Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel
 How many hours of learning are civil servants required to engage in during the National Learning Week? -- A minimum of four hours
 Which product's sugar content is under scrutiny by the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Consumer Affairs? -- Baby foods
 Which type of warfare is being reviewed by the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Defence? -- Hybrid warfare
 What new system is being introduced by the Union law ministry for arbitration in October 2024? -- Appellate Tribunals
 How many AI Centres of Excellence were launched by the Indian government? -- Three
 What initiative did NITI Aayog form to map India's transition strategy? -- Just Transition
 Who was appointed as the national cyber safety ambassador? -- Rashmika Mandanna
 Who took charge as the 26th Director General of the Indian Coast Guard? -- Paramesh Sivamani
 Who was sworn in as the first Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir? -- Omar Abdullah
 Which rule was revoked in Jammu and Kashmir on 13th October 2024? -- President’s Rule
 What is the monthly financial assistance provided to interns for the PM Internship Scheme? -- Rs. 5,000
 What day commemorates Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam’s legacy? -- World Students’ Day
 Who recently joined the jury for ALT EFF 2024? -- Dia Mirza
 Which legendary industrialist passed away at the age of 86 on 9th October 2024? -- Ratan Tata
 Where did the MALABAR 2024 maritime exercise take place? -- Vizag
 How many caste groups did the NCBC recommend for inclusion in the OBC list? -- Seven
 Who was elected as the Chairperson for the 77th session of the WHO? -- JP Nadda.
 What was the theme for the Indian Air Force Day in 2024? -- Bharatiya Vayusena: Saksham, Sashakt aur Aatmnirbhar
 What is the aim of India’s Maritime India Vision 2030? -- Decarbonization
 What is the spiritual significance of Pohradevi for the Banjara community? -- Kashi
 What museum was inaugurated in Maharashtra? -- Banjara Virasat
 Which state had the highest number of reporting mines in 2021-22? -- Madhya Pradesh
 On which day is the International Day of Older Persons celebrated? -- 1st October
 What is the name of the new tug launched in Kolkata? -- Ashva
 Which scheme aims to promote sustainable agriculture and food security in India? -- Pradhan Mantri Rashtriya Krishi Vikas Yojana
 Recently, which mission was approved by the Centre to boost oilseed production? -- National Mission on Edible Oils–Oilseeds
 In which state did PM Modi inaugurated compressed bio-gas plants? -- Assam
 What development project was launched by PM in Jharkhand?  -- Gram Utkarsh
 Which Indian state launched the NITI Aayog Women Entrepreneurship Platform?  -- Telangana
 What is the name joint military exercise between India and Kazakhstan that began in Uttarakhand in September 2024? -- KAZIND-2024
 Which group of farmers suffered major crop losses due to climate disasters in Gujarat and Maharashtra? -- Cotton farmers
 Who assumed the role of Chief of Air Staff in September 2024? -- Amar Preet Singh
 Which organisation released a consultation paper on digital radio policy? -- TRAI
 What initiative did India launch on September 26, 2024, to enhance supercomputing capabilities? -- PARAM Rudra
 What is the new minimum wage set by the Indian government on September 27, 2024? -- Rs. 1,035 Daily
 What global health awareness day is observed on September 28, 2024? -- World Rabies
 What rights were granted to the Mankidia community in Odisha?  -- Habitat Rights
 What new generation of bulletproof jackets was developed by DRDO and IIT Delhi?  -- Advanced Ballistic Helmet for Enhanced Defense
 According to a report, in which states were nearly 98% of crimes against Scheduled Castes concentrated?  -- Uttar Pradesh
 What does the Supreme Court's ruling confirm as a criminal offense under POCSO? -- Pornography
 What facility was inaugurated to enhance cybersecurity in India's power infrastructure?  -- Computer Security Incident Response Team for Power
 What percentage of new additions were first-time workers aged 18-25? -- 59.4%
 What does CSPAI stand for in the context of the newly launched AI security certification program in India? -- Certified Security Professional for Artificial Intelligence
 Which teams won gold medals at the Chess Olympiad? -- Indian Men's and Women's Teams
 Who has been appointed as the next Chief of Air Staff? -- Air Marshal A.P. Singh
 What global event will India host from 05-09th February 2025, to boost its media and entertainment industry? -- WAVES summit
 What initiative was launched to empower women and fight malnutrition through dairy cooperatives? -- White Revolution 2.0
 What is the amount of the new credit guarantee fund announced for farmers? -- Rs. 1,000 Crore
 What is the name of the scheme approved by the Union Cabinet to support farmers? -- PM-AASHA
 What scheme is designed to enhance biotechnology innovation? -- Bio-RIDE
 What is the maximum grant for tribal homestays according to the new scheme? -- Rs. 5 Lakh
 How many countries abstained from the United Nations General Assembly resolution urging Israel to end its occupation of Palestinian territories? -- Forty-Three
 What institution will be established in Mumbai to advance the fields of Animation, Visual Effects, Gaming, Comics, and Extended Reality? -- National Centre of Excellence
 Which specific city is included in the initial implementation phase of the new ration delivery system? -- Ranchi
 What advanced authentication technology is being introduced for the distribution of Take Home Ration? -- Facial recognition technology
 What new system will FSSAI launch to track and prevent rejected food imports? -- Food Import Rejection Alert
 Who was appointed as the new Director General of the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB)? -- Anurag Garg
 What is the name of the new fellowship program launched by BlueKraft Digital Foundation? -- Viksit Bharat Fellowship Programe
 Where was the Indian International Maritime Dispute Resolution Centre (IIMDRC) launched? -- Mumbai
 What is the name of the app launched to support India's ornamental fisheries sector? -- Rangeen Machhli
 What type of missile did India test-fire successfully on 12th and 13th September 2024? -- VLSRSAM Missile
 Which cleanliness initiative will transform two lakh challenging spots across India? -- Swachh Bharat Mission
 What major defense exercise is being conducted in Oman from September 13-26, 2024? -- AL NAJAH V
 How many unconnected villages will be targeted under PMGSY-IV? -- 25,000
 What is the total budget for the "Mission Mausam" scheme? -- Rs 2,000 crore
 What scheme is replacing FAME India Phase II to promote electric vehicles in India? -- PM E-DRIVE
 Which Indian airport moved up to the 24th position in global megahub rankings? -- Delhi
 Which Odisha innovator won the James Dyson Award 2024 for their cooling carrier? -- Komal Panda
 Which Indian department plans to revive District Agro-Meteorology Units? -- IMD
 Name the two new anti-submarine warfare vessels launched by the Indian Navy. -- INS Malpe, INS Mulki
 What is the new extension period for the UDAN scheme? -- 10 years
 Which Indian bank joined the Partnership for Carbon Accounting Financials (PCAF)? -- Union Bank
 Which defense exercise involves land, air, and upcoming naval drills?  -- INDUS-X
 Who won the Jackson Wild Legacy Award? -- Mike Pandey
 Who has been appointed as India’s new Finance Secretary? -- Tuhir Kanta Pandey
 Who is the newly elected president of the Olympic Council of Asia? -- Randhir Singh
 What type of technology stack did MeitY launch to enhance digital trust? -- Vishvasya
 Which missile did India successfully test-fire recently? -- Agni-4
 What is the name of the spider that mimics bird droppings? -- Phrynarachne decipiens
 Who is holding the additional charge of NCB chief? -- Anish Dayal Singh
 Which Indian city is launching the Centre of Excellence for Active Mobility? -- Bengaluru
 Which airport in Agartala is set to gain international status? -- MBB Airport
 What industry event is SEMI hosting in Greater Noida? -- SEMICON India
 What is the name of the bill passed in West Bengal addressing rape punishments? -- Aparajita
 Which status was granted to SJVN, Solar Energy Corporation, NHPC, and RailTel? -- Navratna
 Which organization signed the MoU with the UAE Accountability Authority? -- Comptroller and Auditor General(CAG) of India
 What is the strategic fighter jet fleet of the Indian Air Force that will benefit from the new aero-engine procurement?  -- Su-30MKI
 Who was appointed as the Chairman of Indian Oil Corporation? -- V Satish Kumar
 What is the name of the project launched by the Indian Army to support veterans? -- NAMAN
 Which organization was awarded Navratna status by the Ministry of Finance? -- SECI
 Who recently took charge as the Deputy Chief of Air Staff? -- Tejinder Singh
 Who has been appointed as the new CISF chief -- Rajwinder Bhatti
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman and CEO of the Railway Board? -- Satish Kumar
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of the National Security Guard (NSG)? -- B Srinivasan
 Which two organizations signed an MoU to advance cooperative management in India's fisheries sector?  -- ICAR-CIFE, VAMNICOM
 How long must employees serve to receive the full 50% pension under the UPS scheme? -- 25 years
 Which new scheme has been rolled by the Delhi government to train and operate for women? -- Namo Drone Didi
 Which department is responsible for the Vigyan Dhara initiative? -- Department of Science and Technology
 According to the/Nudge Institute's report, what is the target female labor force participation rate?  -- 70%
 What is the primary objective of the SLCR project in Varanasi? -- River Rejuvenation
 What does the Subhadra scheme provide to eligible women annually?  -- Rs. 10,000
 What is the name of the operating system launched by Kerala's KITE? -- KITE GNU
 What did the Gujarat Assembly recently pass a bill to ban? -- Blackmagic
 What is the new experimental authorisation for the 95 GHz to 3 THz spectrum called? -- Tera Hertz Experimental Authorisation (THEA)
 Which portal aims to enhance disaster preparedness in the power sector? -- DRIPS
 Who was praised by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for being named the top central banker globally?  -- Shashikanta Das
 Which satellite did ISRO launch on 16th August 2024? -- EOS-08
 What financial incentive did the Centre allocate for constructing working women’s hostels? -- Rs 5,000 crore
 What is the name of the new department established by the Bureau of Indian Standards to meet global standards for sustainability? -- Environment and Ecology Department
 Recently, which new portal was launched by the Centre to support the Parsi community? -- Jiyo Parsi
 Who was elected as the Second Vice Chair of the IOC Athletes' Commission on 9th August, 2024? -- Abhinav Bindra
 What medal did Aman Sehrawat win in the 57kg freestyle wrestling category at the Paris 2024 Games? -- Bronze
 Who has been appointed additional secretary in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO)? -- Amit Singh Negi
 What new institute has the Maharashtra cabinet approved to support minority communities? -- Minority Research and Training Institute (MRTI)
 What new method have Indian astronomers developed to predict solar cycle strength? -- Analyzing super-granular cells
 What key restriction is imposed by the new guidelines for the transportation of live human organs issued by the Union Health Ministry? -- No export
 What new role will the National Crisis Management Committee (NCMC) gain under the proposed amendments to the Disaster Management Act, 2005? -- Legal status
 Which renowned dancer passed away on 3rd August 2024? -- Yamini Krishnamurti
 Who has taken over as Director General of both the SSB and BSF? -- Daljit Chawdhary
 What is the deadline for the seven-member committee led by Dr. K Radhakrishnan to report on NEET-UG exam improvements? -- 30th September
 Wayanad, which is in news due to massive landslide, is located in -- Kerala
 In which judgment Supreme Court of India had ruled that sub-classification of SCs and STs is not permissible?  -- E.V. Chinnaiah
 Who has been appointed as the new Chairman of Union Public Service Commission?  -- Preeti Sudan
 Where was the Tech Leaders Forum of India launched? -- Dubai
 What is the name of the portal inviting ideas related to products and services for inducing behavioral changes related to environment-friendly lifestyles? -- Ideas4LiFE
 Where is the world's highest tunnel being constructed? -- Kargil, Ladakh
 Recently, which place has been declared as 43rd World Heritage Site of India? -- Moidams of Ahom Dynasty
 Recently, which country imposed sanctions on seven Israelis and a youth group for participating in violent attacks against Palestinians? -- Australia
 Which Ministry released the Commemorative Stamp on Singer Mukesh to mark his 100th birth anniversary?  -- Ministry of Culture
 At which place the Humayn Tomb is located? -- Delhi
 When was Jal Jeevan Mission launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi? -- 15th August 2019
 Which day is celebrated as Income Day in India? -- July 24th
 Which department released beta version of the National Addressing Grid DIGIPIN (Digital Postal Index Number), which is designed as “a permanent digital infrastructure”? -- Department of Post
 Which institution has been directed by the Supreme Court to frame a panel to NEET-UG physics question paper controversy? -- IIT Delhi
 With which orgainsation NITI Aayog signed a Joint Letter of Intent (JLoI) for building joint programs towards Innovation, Entrepreneurship and Intellectual Property (IP) for countries in the Global South? -- World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO)
 Which Indian sports personality has been awarded the prestigious Olympic Order by the International Olympic Committee? -- Abhinav Bindra
 What is the name of the Chairman of the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), who resigned on 20th July 2024? -- Manoj Soni
 Which Ministry of Government of India orgainsed Lok Samvardhan Parv to showacase its 100 days programme and its achievements? -- Ministry of Minority Affairs
 To which company the Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT) has awarded the Taxnet 2.0 project? -- Bharati-Airtel Ltd.
 Who is the Chairperson of the National Communications Academy? -- Secretary of Department of Telecom
 Which books contains pictorial representation of the history and architecture of Rashtrapati Bhavan and contains information about all the former Presidents?  -- Kahani Rashtrapati Bhavan ki
 What is the name of the National Narcotics Helpline launched by Home Minister recently? -- MANAS-1933
 When did the first phase of Khelo India Rising Talent Identification (KIRTI) was launched? -- March 2024
 What is the name of upskill programme launched by National Film Development Corporation (NFDC), and Netflix?  -- The Voicebox’
 Which state announced 10% reservation for Agniveers in recruitment? --  Haryana
 Who is the Ex-officio Chairperson of NITI Aayog?  -- Prime Minister of India
 Who took the charge as a New Foreign Secretary of India on July 15th? -- Vikram Misri
 Which state was awarded as the best state in Horticulture in the prestigious Agriculture Leadership Awards 2024? -- Nagaland
 Which portal was recently launched by the Ministry of Development of North Eastern Region (DoNER) for the development of agriculture in North Eastern Region? -- North East Region Agri Commodity E-Connect (NERACE)
 What is the name of a Robot competition hosted by IIT Delhi and Prasar Bharati? -- DD-Robocon
 Recently, which date has been decided by the Union government to be observed as the Samvidhaan Hatya Day? -- June 25th
 How much percent will be reserved for former Agniveers in Central Forces recruitment? -- 10%
 Which organization was banned by Central Government under Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act for another 5 years? -- Sikhs For Justice Group
 In which year did the India-UAE Joint Defence Cooperation Committee (JDCC) was established in?  -- 2006
 Which state government announced that higher education for girls of the Economically Weaker Section (EWS), Socially and Economically Backward Classes (SEBC) and OBCs will be free? -- Maharashtra
 Who is the first Deputy Prime Minister of Russia? -- Denis Manturov
 In which championship did, India’s Abhay Singh won both the men’s doubles and mixed doubles titles in Johor, Malaysia?  -- Asian Doubles Squash Championships 2024
 Who is the current Prime Minister of Russia? -- Mikhail Mishustin
 Who is the Chairperson of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI)? -- Apurva Chandra
 How many members are selected for the Athletic team for Paris Olympics 2024? -- 28 Members
 Who has been appointed as the principal spokesperson of the central government recently? -- Dhirendra Ojha
 Who has been appointed as a Chief Justice of Punjab and Haryana High Court? -- Sheel Nagu
 Recently, in which city , the four day Global Conclave on Plastic Recycling and Sustainability was inaugurated? -- New Delhi
 Who is the present Vice-Chairman of NITI Aayog? -- Suman Bery
 Who launched Sampoornata Abhiyan’ campaign in 500 aspirational blocks and 112 aspirational districts? -- NITI Aayog
 At which place the Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeosciences (BSIP), is located? -- Lucknow(Uttar Pradesh)
 Recently, who has been appointed as a Chairperson of National Medical Commission (NMC)? -- Dr. B. N. Gangadhar
 Who is the present Chief of Naval Staff of India? -- Admiral Dinesh Kumar Tripathi
 Recently, at which place did the ICC T20 World Cup final match was held? -- Barbados
 Under which programme UGC is training teachers for capacity building? -- Malaviya Mission Teacher Training Program
 Who will be leading Indian Men’s Hockey Team to Paris Olympics 2024? -- Harmanpreet Singh
 Who address the first session of Parliament after each Lok Sabha election? -- President
 Who has been re-elected as the Speaker of the 18th Lok Sabha on June 26th? -- Om Birla
 Safai Apnao, Bimaari Bhagao is aligned with which campaign of Health Ministry?  -- STOP Diarrhoea Campaign
 In which year the Smart Cities Mission was launched? -- 25th June 2015
 Innovations for Defence Excellence (iDEX), the premier initiative under the Ministry of Defence signed contract with which company? -- SpacePixxel Technologies Private Limited
 Which Ministry is rolling out Safai Apnao, Bimaari Bhagao initiative under Swachh Bharat Mission-Urban 2.0 from 1st July to 31st August? -- Housing and Urban Affairs Ministry
 What is the rank of India in world in producing and consuming tobacco?  -- Second
 Who will head the panel set up by Ministry of Education to study the irregularities in the examinations?  -- Dr. S. Radhakrishanan
 What is the number of cities where Fast Track Immigration: Trusted Traveller Programme (FTI-TTP), will be set up in India?  -- 21 Cities
 Recently, who took charge as a Chief of a National Testing Agency (NTA) on 22nd June 2024?  -- Pradeep Singh Karola
 Recently, which state cabinet has decided to waive crop loans to the tune of Rs 31,000 crore at one ago? -- Telangana
 In Telangana, from which year the Rythu Bandhu, a farmer’s investment scheme has been implemented?  -- 2028-19
 On which river world’s highest rail bridge has been constructed in India? -- Chenab River
 Which state has maximum number of complaints to National Commission for Women in 2024? -- Uttar Pradesh
 When the Post Office Act 2023 did came into effect repealing the Indian Post Office Act, 1898? -- 18th June 2024
 As of January 2024, what is the number of nuclear warheads possessed by India? -- 172
 Namrup Thermal Power Station, where a 25-MW solar power generation project will be set up, is located in which state? -- Assam
 In which state 'Young India Group' has developed a mini-forest using the Japanese 'Miyawaki' method? -- Chhattisgarh
 Which state has proposed to implement 100% reservation for locals in private sector? -- Karnataka
 Which aircraft was used to transport the mortal remains of 45 Indian victims from the tragic fire incident in Kuwait to Kochi, Kerala? -- IAF C-130J Aircraft
 TK Chathunni, an eminent sports personality who passed away recently, was associated with which sport? -- Football
 Recently, who has been appointed as Deputy Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh? -- Chowna Mein
 Which country is hosting 50th edition of G7 Summit 2024 from June 13th to 15th, 2024? -- Italy
 What is the ancient name of Joshimath, located in Chamoli district in Uttarakhand? -- Jyotirmath
 On the bank of which river the newly announced Andhra Pradesh capital Amravati is located? -- Godavari
 How many times N. Chandrababu Naidu has served as a Chief Minister Andhra Pradesh after Bifurcation? -- 1 Time (2014)
 Who is the first female Deputy Chief Minister of Odisha? -- Pravati Parida
 What is the strength of Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly? -- 175
 Who has been allotted the Railway Ministry for a second term?  -- Ashwini Vaishnaw
 To which party does Prem Singh Tamang, who took charge as a Chief Minister of Sikkim for the second Time belongs? -- Sikkim Krantikari Morcha (SKM)
 How many women ministers are included in the newly formed cabinet of the Modi government? -- 7
 Where did the 10th edition of the Khelo India women’s league kicks off with the South Zone wushu league took place? -- Bagalkot, Karnataka
 Who founded Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad? -- Cherukuri Ramoji Rao
 Name the Indian football player who retired from international games recently? -- Sunil Chhetri
 In which year Operation Blue Star was conducted to suppress the Sikh militant movement? -- 6th June 1984
 What is the name of the new logo developed by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India) and Agricultural and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority to replace the India Organic and Jaivik Bharat logos? -- “Unified India Organic" logo
 Which state was created in June 2014, becoming the 29th state of India? -- Telangana
 In which weight category did Amit Panghal secure an Olympic quota? -- Men’s 51kg
 What summit is India hosting after 42 years?  -- IATA's Annual General Meeting
 Who is the President of Boxing federation of India (BFI)?  -- Ajay Singh
 Against whom Indian Grandmaster R. Praggnanandhaa claimed his maiden classical game victory during Norway Chess Tournament? -- Magnus Carlsen
 Who announced that he would return his 2024 Padma Shri award after receiving threats from Naxalites? -- Hemchand Manjhi
 To whom 14 time Roland Garros Champion Rafeal Nadal lost in French Open 2024? -- Alexander Zverev
 Who is the current Chairman of the Defence Research Development Organisation (DRDO) whose term has been extended for one year? -- Dr. Samir. V. Kamath
 Name the Indian naval ship which arrives in Brunei on May 25th as A part of Operational Deployment of the Indian Navy's Eastern Fleet to South China Sea? -- INS Kiltan
 Name the Indian Filmmaker won Grand Prix At Cannes, 2024, for her directorial debut drama, “All We Imagine as Light”?  -- Payal Kapadia
 Recently, Gujarat High Court took suo motu cognisance of the fire incident at a gaming zone for a special hearing. In which city did the fire incident occurred?  -- Rajkot
 What Russian assault rifles has the Indian Army started receiving after delays?  -- AK-203
 Who won the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, holding off Lando Norris's late charge? -- Max Verstappen
 Which festival aims to destigmatise periods through sports, arts, and cultural programmes?  -- Maasika Mahotsav
 Where did the 7th edition of India-France Joint Military Exercise SHAKTI take place? -- Meghalaya, India
 Which organization will finalize the selection criteria for the Indian team for the Paris Olympics on May 21? -- Wrestling Federation of India (WFI)
 Which famous Hindi writer and Padma shri recipient who wrote books like“Madhayantar,” “Pataakshep,” “Parajay,” “Ek Ghar Sapno Ka, passed away recently? -- Malti Joshi
 Recently, which organization aims to deploy advanced technologies like drones and high-end instruments to improve thunderstorm predictions and safety measures? -- India Meteorological Department (IMD)
 Which State recently launched the Disaster Reporting and Information Management System (DRIMS), a digital platform revolutionizing disaster damage reporting? -- Assam
 Recently, under which scheme, the government sanctioned roads along the China border in Uttarakhand and Sikkim, allocating over Rs 2 crore per km for construction?  -- Vibrant Village Programme
 Which ministry has recently released 'National Curriculum 2024 for Early Childhood Care and Education' titled 'Aadharshila'?  -- Ministry of Women and Child Development
 Which country's food agency has ordered the removal of India's spice product from the market due to the presence of ethylene oxide? -- Singapore
 With whom did the Armed Forces Medical Services sign MoU for collaborative research and training on April 22, 2024?  -- IIT Delhi
 Which Indian Navy sailing vessel (INSV) has successfully returned to its base port in Goa after a historic transoceanic expedition of almost two months duration, on April 21, 2024? -- INSV Tarini
 When did President Smt. Draupadi Murmu present 3 Padma Vibhushan, 8 Padma Bhushan and 55 Padma Shri awards in the Civil Investiture Ceremony-I? -- April 22, 2024
 Global Trade Outlook and Statistics Report has been released by which organisation? -- World Trade Organisation
 Where has Admiral R. Hari Kumar presented gallantry and distinguished service awards to naval personnel at a prestigious naval investiture ceremony?  -- INS Hansa, Goa
 Apple has created a new record by exporting how much worth of iPhones from India during FY 2024?  -- 10 billion dollars
 Which Indian pilot has been included as a space tourist among the 6 crew members under Blue Origin's upcoming NS- 25 mission?  -- Gopi Thotakura
 Where does India rank in terms of cybercrime in the World Cyber Crime Index, 2024, developed on the basis of a study by experts from Oxford University and University of New South Wales? -- 10th
 Which award has been given to India's Jain Acharya Lokesh Muni for his contribution to public welfare and humanity?  -- Gold Volunteer Service Award
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi has become the second Prime Minister of India to appear on the cover of which American magazine?  -- Newsweek
 Under which programme, the Secretary of the Department of School Education and Literacy has addressed the first alumni meeting on April 12, 2024?  -- Prerana Program
 Where has the convocation ceremony of the 79th Staff Course held on April 13, 2024? -- Wellington (Tamil Nadu)
 Where has the first Firefox Road to Himalaya Race held on April 14, 2024?  -- Shimla
 Which Indian women wrestlers have won silver medal in the category of 53 kg and 72 kg respectively in the Asian Wrestling Championship 2024? -- Anju and Harshita
 With which theme World Art Day 2024 has been celebrated on April 15, 2024? -- A Garden of Expression: Cultivating Community through Art
 Who has recently been selected for the ‘Malcolm Adiseshiah Award 2024’?  -- Professor Surinder S Jodhka
 Actor, producer and director Dwarakish has died in Bengaluru on April 16, 2024; He played a role in the production of which Indian language films?  -- Kannada Films
 On April 16, 2024, K.G. Jayan has passed away at Tripunithura in Ernakulam district of Kerala; Which field did he belong to?  -- Carnatic Music
 Who has won the silver medal by finishing second after Haryana's Ekta Rani in the 'Khelo India NTPC National Ranking Archery Competition'?  -- Sheetal Devi
 On April 16, 2024, notification regarding the formation of committee comprising how many members has been issued by the Ministry of Law and Justice to resolve the issues related to the queer community?  -- 6
 Which Indian actress' name has been included in the 'List of 100 Most Influential People of 2024' released by the prestigious magazine 'Time' on April 17, 2024? -- Alia Bhatt
 Recently, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has approved whose appointment as the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Dhanlaxmi Bank?  -- Ajith Kumar KK
 With whom has the Armed Forces Medical Services signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) for collaborative research and training, on 18 April 2024? -- IIT Kanpur
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of National Security Guard as per the orders of the Ministry of Personnel?  -- Nalin Prabhat
 Which 6-year-old skater from India has created a new Guinness World Record in Limbo Skating? -- Takshvi Vaghani
 Recently, how many products of Uttar Pradesh have been given GI tag?  -- 6
 When is National Civil Services Day celebrated every year?  -- 21st April
 Where has India's Yuki Bhambri and French partner Albano Olivetti won the doubles title at the BMW Open 2024 tennis tournament?  -- Germany
 Which Indian chess player has won the World Chess title in the Candidates Chess Tournament?  -- D. Gukesh
 Where has one-day conference on 'India's Progressive Path in the Administration of Criminal Justice System' organised on April 20, 2024? -- Dr. Ambedkar International Centre, New Delhi
 Which exercise has been conducted by the Indian Navy off the eastern coast under the operational control of the Flag Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Eastern Naval Command? -- Poorvi Lehar
 Which organization organized the 1st International Workshop on 'Emerging Technologies & Challenges for Exoskeleton'?  -- DRDO
 Who played 250 Indian Premier League matches after MS Dhoni? -- Rohit Sharma
 Which rank has been awarded to Indira Gandhi International Airport in the list of top 10 busiest airports in the world for the year 2023 in the list released by Airports Council International World on April 15, 2024? -- 10th
 Where has Swachhta Pakhwada-2024 launched?  -- New Delhi
 Who has been appointed to the post of Joint Director of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on April 12, 2024? -- Anurag Kumar
 On April 12, 2024 in New Delhi, Who released the book "The Law and Spirituality: Reconnecting the Bond" by Prof. Raman Mittal and Dr. Seema Singh?  -- Vice President Jagdeep Dhankhar
 Recently Defence Ministry has issued a tender to which public sector firm for the purchase of made-in-India 97 Light Combat Aircraft (LCA) Mark-1A fighter jets? -- Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL)
 Which organisation has unveiled the National Women's Hockey League 2024-25 keeping in mind the development of women hockey players on April 9, 2024?  -- Hockey India
 Which hospital has become the first government hospital in the country to perform successful piezoelectric bone conduction hearing implant? -- Command Hospital, Pune
 Where did President Draupadi Murmu inaugurate the two-day Homeopathy Seminar on April 10, 2024? -- New Delhi
 Which university has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the oldest Russian institute of science, Institute of Biology of the Southern Seas, on April 8, 2024? -- Lucknow University
 Which ministry has organized a special webinar to explore possibilities for furthering research and innovation in mining and mineral processing on April 10, 2024? -- Union Ministry of Mines
 On April 10, 2024, where did Defence Secretary Giridhar Aramane preside over the first steel cutting ceremony of Fleet Support Ships for the Indian Navy at Hindustan Shipyard Limited?  -- Visakhapatnam
 Which Indian athlete's bronze medal will be upgraded to silver in the 400m event of the 2023 Asian Championships after Uzbekistan's Farida Soliyeva failed the dope test? -- Aishwarya Mishra
 Where is 'Shakti - Festival of Music and Dance' being organised by Sangeet Natak Akademi from April 9 to 17, 2024? -- At 7 Different Shaktipeeths
 Where did Navy Chief Admiral R. Hari Kumar inaugurate 'Pier' and a residential accommodation on April 9, 2024? -- Naval Base in Karwar
 Where did the Indian Coast Guard pollution control ship ‘Samudra Paheredar’ make port call on April 9, 2024? -- Muara (Brunei)
 Navreh festival organised in Jammu and Kashmir on April 9, 2024 is dedicated to which Goddess?  -- Goddess Sharika
 Who has been appointed as the Head of Global Airport Operations by Air India on April 8, 2024? -- Jayaraj Shanmugam
 Who has been appointed as Managing Director (MD) and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of 'Aakash Educational Services Limited' (AESL), a company owned by edtech firm Byju Group, on April 8, 2024? -- Deepak Mehrotra
 Who has been appointed by the Central Government as a full-time member of the 16th Finance Commission?  -- Manoj Panda
 With which organisation has Air India signed an agreement with an aim to develop Bengaluru as a major aviation hub for South India?  -- Bangalore International Airport Limited (BIAL)
 Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) has recently signed a Master Shipyard Repair Agreement (MRSA) with the Navy of which country?  -- US Navy
 On April 8, 2024, the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has launched a comprehensive awareness and sensitization program targeting key markets of the national capital in collaboration with which department?  -- Food Safety Department, Delhi
 Where is the 43rd Deep-Dive Training Program being organised by the National e-Governance Division (NeGD) from April 8-12, 2024?  -- Indian Institute of Public Administration (IIPA), New Delhi
 Which global organization has appointed Rakesh Mohan, part-time member of the Prime Minister's Economic Advisory Council (EAC-PM) as a member of its Economic Advisory Panel? -- World Bank Group
 The book 'Integration of India: Political and Constitutional Perspective', which was recently released at Indira Gandhi National Center for the Arts (IGNCA), New Delhi, has been written by which author?  -- Yashraj Singh Bundela
 Who has elected as President of the apex body of dairy cooperative ‘National Cooperative Dairy Federation of India Limited’ (NCDFI) on April 5, 2024? -- Dr. Meenesh Shah
 The United States and the United Kingdom have recently signed an agreement to develop tests for the most advanced artificial intelligence (AI) models under the commitments of which conference to be held at Bletchley Park in November 2023? -- AI Security Summit
 Recently, which company has received two prestigious awards at the 15th CIDC Vishwakarma Awards 2024 organised by the ‘Construction Industry Development Council’ (CIDC)? -- SJVN Limited
 Which team has defeated Shillong Lajong FC to win its first title in the I-League tournament in Shillong on April 6, 2024?  -- Mohammedan Sporting Club
 Which center has been inaugurated by Indian Coast Guard Director General Rakesh Pal at ICGS Mandapam near Rameshwaram, Tamil Nadu on April 6, 2024? -- Indian Coast Guard Aquatic Center
 Where has the ‘Cyclothon for Democracy’ organised under the ‘Systematic Voter’s Education and Electoral Participation’ (SVEEP) initiative of the Election Commission on April 7, 2024? -- Agartala
 Who officially became India's No. 1 in the FIDE ratings list? -- Arjun Erigaisi
 What is the name of the airport introducing the biometric DigiYatra system? -- Manohar Airport
 Which raising day did the Army Medical Corps celebrate on April 3, 2024? -- 260th
 Under which exercise the Indian Air Force (IAF) has conducted Emergency Landing Facility (ELF) in the northern region of Kashmir Valley? -- Gagan Shakti-24
 Which Indian actress has been included in the list of Young Global Leaders Community: The Class of 2024? -- Bhumi Pednekar
 Solar power module manufacturer 'Indosol Solar' has started production of PV modules in the initial phase of the first fully integrated quartz solar module manufacturing project at which location?  -- Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh
 Which type of course has been launched by the Advertising Standards Council of India (ASCI) for people making short films on social media? -- Responsible Influencing Course
 Where has the two-day coastal security exercise ‘Sagar Kavach’ been held on 1-2 April 2024? -- Lakshadweep
 Which organisation has received the delivery of the first indigenously designed and developed Crash Fire Tender (CFT)? -- Indian Air Force (IAF)
 When did Union Health Minister Mansukh Mandaviya hold a meeting to review the preparedness to deal with heat waves? -- April 3, 2024
 Vice President of India and Chairman of the Rajya Sabha Jagdeep Dhankhar has administered the oath of office and secrecy to how many elected members of the Rajya Sabha in the Parliament House on 3 April 2024? -- 12
 Who has launched myCGHS app on April 3, 2024? -- Shri Apurva Chandra, Secretary, Ministry of Health and Family Welfare
 SJVN Limited has signed MoU with which institute to use advanced geological models in tunnel projects? -- IIT Patna
 Who has released the report titled 'Synchronizing the energy transition towards possible net zero for India: Affordable and clean energy for all'? -- Principal Scientific Advisor (PSA) to the Government of India, Prof. Ajay Kumar Sood
 Competition Commission of India (CCI) has approved the purchase of more than 14 crore equity shares of which insurance company by Axis Bank Limited? -- Max Life Insurance Company Limited
 Who has taken over as the 33rd Director General of Electronics and Mechanical Engineers Corps (DGEME) on April 1, 2024? -- Lieutenant General J.S. Sidana
 Which pollution control ship of the Indian Coast Guard (ICG) did make a port call at Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam on April 2, 2024 as part of its ongoing overseas deployment to the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) countries?  -- Samudra Paheredar
 Who has been awarded the Exchange4Media News Broadcasting Awards (ENBA) Lifetime Achievement Award 2023 for news broadcasting? -- Vineet Jain, Managing Director, Times Group
 Which state's 2 items Matabari Pera (a dairy-based sweet) and Pachra (a hand-woven cloth used by the indigenous communities of the state) have received the Geographical Indication (GI) tag? -- Tripura
 6 traditional products and crafts of which state (Bihu Dhol, Assam Jaapi, Assam Ashrikandi Terracotta Craft, Assam Pani Mateka Craft, Sarthebari Metal Craft and Assam Missing Handloom Products) has received Geographical Indication (GI) tag? -- Assam
 Which exercise of the Indian Air Force has started from April 1, 2024 at the Pokhran Field Firing Range in Jaisalmer district in Rajasthan?  -- Gagan Shakti
 In which state was the world's first Om-shaped temple inaugurated? -- Rajasthan
 Where was AFSPA recently extended for another six months? -- Arunachal Pradesh and Nagaland
  Which company has received approval from the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) to import for sale and distribution of 'Trastuzumab deruxtecan lyophilized Powder' for cancer treatment? -- AstraZeneca Pharma India
 How long has the Delhi High Court given time to the Central Government to notify guidelines for making films accessible to persons with hearing and visual disabilities? -- Till July 15, 2024
 How long has the Union Home Ministry extended the validity of FCRA registration of non-government organizations (NGOs) and associations on March 28, 2024? -- Till June 30, 2024
 Airline Akasa Air has recently started its international operations with the first flight between which two cities? -- Mumbai to Doha (Qatar)
 Which top official of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) has been appointed as the Assistant Secretary-General and Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Office for Disaster Risk Reduction (UNDRR)? -- Kamal kishore
 Recently, which department of the Government of India has issued a notification for the reorganization of the Directorate General of Quality Assurance (DGQA)? -- Department of Defence Production, Ministry of Defence
 The fourth training program on public policy and governance for civil servants of which country has been launched at the National Center for Good Governance (NCGG), Mussoorie on March 28, 2024? -- Cambodia
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF)? -- Piyush Anand
 Which organisation has launched a microsite equipped with various features for media persons reporting the General Elections 2024? -- Press Information Bureau
 Who has won the title of Boxing Sub Junior National Championship ?  -- Haryana
 Which eminent mathematician of Indian origin passed away on March 26, 2024 ? -- Dr. T.N. Subramaniam
 When did Swami Smaranananda Maharaj, President of Ramakrishna Math and Ramakrishna Mission pass away ? -- March 26, 2024
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of the National Investigation Agency (NIA) ? -- Sadanand Vasant Date
 Recently which public sector insurance company has emerged as the strongest insurance brand globally ? -- Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC)
 S&P Global Ratings on March 26, 2024 raised India's growth forecast for the financial year 2024-25 to how much percent ? -- 6.8 percent
 Which institution/authority has released its recommendations on 'Use of Embedded SIM for Machine-to-Machine (M2M) communications' on March 26, 2024 ? -- Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI)
 Which Indian player has won the women's singles title in table tennis tournament at WTT Feeder Beirut-2, 2024 in Lebanon? -- Sreeja Akula
 Indian dairy brand Amul will start its first international operations by manufacturing its products in which country? -- United States
 Under which operation has Indian Navy completed 100 days of ongoing maritime security operations on March 23, 2024? -- Operation Sankalp
 Chandrayaan-3's soft landing site 'Shiv Shakti' was recently recognized by which international organization? -- International Astronomical Union (IAU)
 Indian Olympic Association (IOA) has announced the name of which tennis player as the Indian flag bearer in the upcoming Paris Olympics? -- Achanta Sharath Kamal
 Who has become the first Indian to win in the Future Category of Prague International Chess Festival? -- Aansh Nerurkar
 In view of the deteriorating law and order situation in Haiti, which operation has India started to evacuate its citizens from Haiti? -- Operation Indravati
 When did Chief Justice of India D.Y. Chandrachud launch the Accessibility Help Desk in the Supreme Court Complex?  -- March 21, 2024
 Where was the Golden Jubilee Celebrations of ICAR-Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) inaugurated on March 21, 2024? -- Puducherry
 To whom has President Draupadi Murmu given the additional charge of Governor of Telangana? -- Jharkhand Governor C.P. Radhakrishnan
 Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology and National Internet Exchange of India (NIXI) announced the launch of which portal in the Universal Acceptance Day program organized on March 21, 2024?  -- BhashaNet Portal
 Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) signed a MoU with which organization for organising various awareness programs to enhance public perception on peaceful uses of nuclear energy? -- National Cadet Corps (NCC)
 Who has been assigned the additional charge of the Ministry of Food Processing Industries(MOFPI)? -- Kiren Rijiju
 Which company has recently achieved the status of Miniratna Category-I Central Public Sector Enterprise (CPSE)? -- Grid Controller of India Limited (GRID-INDIA)
 To provide new technology to farmers and promote natural farming, the Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) signed a MoU with which agro-chemical company on March 19, 2024? -- Dhanuka Agritech Limited
 What is India's position in the Global Happiness Index of 143 countries released on March 20, 2024? -- 126th
 Which position has Indian table tennis player Sharath Kamal reached at in the ITTF world rankings? -- 34th
 Which Indian player has recently been inducted into the Billiards Hall of Fame? -- Pankaj Advani
 Who has recently been appointed as the new Ambassador of India to Russia?  -- Vinay Kumar
 At which place Indian Air Force fighter and transport aircraft completed Emergency Landing Facility (ELF) operation on National Highway 16 on March 18, 2024? -- Bapatla, Andhra Pradesh
 With which institute has the Indian Navy signed an agreement to promote technology development, innovative solutions and joint research and development? -- Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur
 The sacred relics of Mahatma Buddha and his disciples Arhat Sariputra and Arhat Maudgalyayana were recently brought back to India after an exhibition held in which country? -- Thailand
 Which organization recently published the report titled “State of the Global Climate 2023”? -- World Meteorological Organization (WMO)
 Where did the three-day Startup Mahakumbh begin on March 18, 2024? -- Bharat Mandapam, New Delhi
 Which famous poet of Malayalam language has been selected for Saraswati Samman for the year 2023?  -- Prabha Varma
 According to the report of Swiss organization IQAir, which is the most polluted city in the world?  -- Begusarai (Bihar)
 Who was appointed as the National Divyanganjan Icon by the Election Commission of India? -- Sheetal Devi
 Recently, Defence minister inaugurated which armed forces first independent headquarters in Delhi? -- Indian Navy
 Which state's Governor Tamilisai Soundararajan has resigned from her post? -- Telangana
 Who won the singles match by defeating Karan Singh in the ITF M25 tennis tournament?  -- Ramkumar Ramanathan
 Whom did Royal Challengers Bangalore defeat by 8 wickets to win the Women's Premier League 2024?  -- Delhi
 Innovator Uday Bhatia from Delhi and Mansi Gupta, a mental health campaigner from Haryana have been honored with which award? -- Diana Memorial Award
 Which famous Carnatic musician has been conferred the Sangita Kalanidhi award 2024? -- T.M. Krishna
 Who has been appointed as the new Chairman of Prasar Bharati by the Central Government? -- Navneet Kumar Sehgal
 Which disabled archer has been declared as the National PwD Icon by the Election Commission? -- Sheetal Devi
 Where did Union Minister of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare and Tribal Affairs Arjun Munda lay the foundation stone of 'Centre for Preservation and Promotion of Tribal Culture and Heritage' in Jharkhand on March 16, 2024? -- In Padampur in Kharsawan District
 Where was the third meeting of the India-Maldives high-level core group held on March 17, 2024? -- In Male, the capital of Maldives
 Who is the new Prime Minister of Palestine?  -- Mohammad Mustafa
 Which is the first Indian state to purchase land in Jammu and Kashmir?  -- Maharashtra
 Which ministry signed MoU with Bharat Financial Inclusion Limited in livestock sector?  -- Ministry of Rural Development
 When did Union Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Hardeep Singh Puri launch 'Ethanol 100', a groundbreaking automotive fuel, at Indian Oil's retail outlet in New Delhi?  -- March 15, 2024
 Which rule has been notified by the Central Government for comprehensive reforms in the film certification process? -- Cinematograph (Certification) Rules, 2024
 Where did the Central Advisory Committee (CAC) of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) unveiled the authority's action plan on anti-microbial resistance (AMR) on March 15, 2024?  -- Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu
 When did the Department of Fisheries, Ministry of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying release the book and video on Sagar Parikrama Program at Rajkot Engineering Association, Rajkot, Gujarat?  -- March 15, 2024
 Where did INS Tir, the lead ship of the First Training Squadron (1TS) of the Indian Navy, complete its long-range journey during training deployment? -- Port Louis (Mauritius)
 The Defence Ministry signed a contract with which organisation on March 15, 2024 for the ‘Mid Life Upgrade (MLU) of 25 Dornier aircraft of the Indian Navy? -- Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL)
 What did Union Communications Minister Ashwini Vaishnav launch on March 15, 2024 for 2.56 lakh Gramin Dak Sevaks working in the Postal Department?  -- Financial Upgradation Scheme
 Which mobile app was launched by Union Agriculture and Farmers Welfare Minister Arjun Munda on March 15, 2024? -- National Agriculture Market (e-NAM)
 Who is the new Chief Information Commissioner of Uttar Pradesh? -- Vishwakarma
 Which portal was launched by Union Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh at the National Media Center in New Delhi on March 12, 2024? -- Common Fellowship Portal
 Where were launching of the second 25T Bollard Pull Tug boat ‘Bahubali’ and the construction work of the fourth 25T BP Tug boat ‘Yuvan’ inaugurated on March 12, 2024? -- In Titagarh Rail Systems Limited, Kolkata
 Where was the third and final outreach program for the ‘Sangam: Digital Twin’ initiative of the Department of Telecommunications held on March 12, 2024? -- Hyderabad
 Which one regional airline service was inaugurated by Union Civil Aviation and Steel Minister Jyotiraditya M. Scindia on March 12, 2024? -- Fly91
 Where did Prime Minister Narendra Modi lay the foundation stone of Petronet LNG's Petrochemicals Complex on March 12, 2024? -- In Dahej, Gujarat
 Where was the joint exercise ‘Bharat Shakti’ of the tri-services of the Army organized on March 12, 2024?  -- In Pokhran, Rajasthan
 Who took oath as the new Chief Minister of Haryana on March 12, 2024? -- Nayab Singh Saini
 Which university honoured the President of India, Smt. Draupadi Murmu with the honorary degree of Doctor of Civil Law on March 12, 2024?  -- University of Mauritius
 Which Indian sailor won the gold medal in the Europa Cup in Spain?  -- Vishnu Saravanan
 Which has been chosen as the best airport in the Asia Pacific region?  -- Delhi's Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport
 Who assumed the charge of Chairman of National Commission for Scheduled Castes (NCSC)?  -- Kishor Makwana
 Who has been appointed by President Draupadi Murmu as Vigilance Commissioner in the Central Vigilance Commission?  -- A.S. Rajeev
 Where was the 25 T Bollard Pull Tug ‘Baljeet (Yard 306)’ of Shaft Shipyard Private Limited launched? -- In Bharuch, Gujarat
 REC Ltd, an NBFC signed MoU with which state government to finance power and non-power infrastructure sector projects? -- Rajasthan
 Where did Union Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Minister Narayan Rane lay the foundation stone of MSME-Technology Center on March 11, 2024? -- In Sindhudurg, Maharashtra
 Under which campaign did Union Home and Cooperation Minister Amit Shah inaugurate Piped Natural Gas (PNG) facility in 41 villages and various developmental works in 178 villages at a cost of Rs 383 crore? -- Dilli Gramodaya Abhiyan
 When did Software Technology Parks of India (STPI), an autonomous society under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology, launch its 24th Center of Entrepreneurship (CoE) - "FinGlobe," at STPI-Gandhinagar, GIFT City?  -- March 11, 2024
 Which scheme has been recently announced by the Department of Pharmaceuticals, Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers? -- Revamped Pharmaceuticals Technology Upgradation Assistance Scheme (RPTUAS)
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated and laid the foundation stone of how many national highway projects worth approximately Rs 1 lakh crore on March 11, 2024?  -- 112
 When did the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) notify the Citizenship Amendment Rules, 2024?  -- March 11, 2024
 Who was administered the oath of office as the Chairperson of Lokpal by President Draupadi Murmu on March 10, 2024? -- Justice Ajay Manikrao Khanwilkar
 Which Indian pair won the French Open badminton men's doubles title?  -- Satwiksairaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty
 With which organisation has the Department of Empowerment of Persons with Disabilities signed MoU to assist the disabled with speech and hearing impairment?  -- SignAble Communications
 Sutlej Jal Vidyut Nigam (SJVN) signed a long-term agreement for supply of 600 MW solar energy to which state? -- Rajasthan
 NTPC and its renewable energy arm NGEL signed a non-binding MoU with which agency in Jaipur on March 10, 2024? -- Rajasthan Rajya Vidyut Utpadan Nigam Limited (RVUNL)
 When did Union Jal Shakti Minister Gajendra Singh Shekhawat launch the 5th edition of “Jal Shakti Abhiyan: Catch the Rain” in New Delhi? -- March 9, 2024
 Where did Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurate several development projects worth more than Rs 17,500 crore and dedicate them to the nation on March 9, 2024? -- In Jorhat, Assam
 Where did Union Agriculture and Farmers Welfare and Tribal Affairs Minister Arjun Munda inaugurate the 3-day Pusa Agricultural Science Fair on March 10, 2024? -- In Simdega District of Jharkhand
 Where did Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of several development initiatives worth more than Rs 34,000 crore on March 10, 2024?  -- Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh
 Which scheme did Prime Minister Narendra Modi launch in Chhattisgarh on March 10, 2024? -- Mahtari Vandan Yojana
 Who has been elected as the new President of the Paralympic Committee of India (PCI)? -- Devendra Jhajharia
 Who resigned as Election Commissioner ahead of Lok Sabha polls? -- Arun Goyal
 Which country was honoured with the ‘Measles and Rubella Champion’ award in Washington DC, USA on March 6, 2024 for combating measles and rubella disease?  -- India
 Who has been awarded the Erasmus Prize 2024 for writing on climate change?  -- Amitav Ghosh
 National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has signed an agreement with which organisation to strengthen incident management systems?  -- HLL Life Care Limited
 Where did Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath and Union Petroleum and Natural Gas Minister Hardeep Singh Puri inaugurate the 'Compressed Bio Gas' (CBG) plant? -- Gorakhpur
 Which has become the 27th district of Arunachal Pradesh? -- Bichom
 When did Union Home and Cooperation Minister Amit Shah launch the National Cooperative Database in New Delhi?  -- March 8, 2024
 When did Union Agriculture and Farmers Welfare and Tribal Affairs Minister Arjun Munda inaugurate the Agriculture Integrated Command and Control Center in New Delhi?  -- March 8, 2024
 Who was given the Cultural Ambassador of the Year award by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the first National Creators Awards on March 8, 2024? -- Maithili Thakur
 Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced how much discount in LPG cylinder prices on March 8, 2024 on the occasion of Women's Day? -- Rs 100
 Who has been recently nominated to the Rajya Sabha by President Draupadi Murmu? -- Sudha Murty, Former Chairperson of Infosys Foundation
 Where was India's first dolphin research centre inaugurated? -- Patna
 Which country's parliament recently passed an anti-LGBTQ bill? -- Ghana
 What is the purpose of the MoU between Ministry of Statistics & Programme Implementation (MoSPI) and Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO)? -- Urban Frame Survey
 What is the new name of Paytm E-commerce after its rebranding? -- Pai Platforms
 What is the increased interest rate on deposits by EPFO for the fiscal year 2023-24? -- 8.25%
 What is the name of the scheme launched by the Odisha Government to empower youth? -- Swayam
 Where is the inaugural helicopter emergency medical service (HEMS) set to commence operations in India? -- Uttarakhand
 What is the name of the recent exercise conducted by the Indian Air Force in Rajasthan?  -- Vayu Shakti-24
 What is the name of the scheme launched by the Odisha government offering interest-free loans to unemployed youths? -- Swayam
 What new Guinness World Record was set during the 3rd G20 Culture Working Group Meeting in Hampi, Karnataka? -- Largest display of Lambani items
 Which country participated in the seventh edition of the Indian Navy Salvage and Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) exercise, SALVEX? -- US Navy
 Kharchi Puja, also called the Festival of 14 Gods, is celebrated in which state? -- Tripura
 Recently, a significant increase in prey density was recorded in the Debrigarh Wildlife Sanctuary. It's located in which state? -- Odisha
 What is the theme for International Yoga Day 2023? -- Yoga for Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam
 The “Gangotri National Park”, recently seen in news, is located in which State? -- Uttarakhand
 Recently, the Geographical Indication (GI) has been awarded to Kari Ishad mango. The mango belongs to:  -- Ankola taluk of Uttara Kannada(Karnataka)
 Recently, which state was recognized as the Best State at the 4th National Water Awards, 2022, conferred by the President of India? -- Madhya Pradesh
 Which organization is conferred the Gandhi Peace Prize for 2021? -- Gita Press, Gorakhpur
 With which National Defence Force is the Indian Army conducting the 12th edition of the joint military exercise "Ex Ekuverin"?  -- Maldives
 What is the name of Iran’s domestically made hypersonic missile with a target range of 1,400 km? -- Fattah
 Recently, President Murmu was conferred with the 'Grand Order of the Chain of the Yellow Star', the highest civilian award of which country? -- Suriname
 What is the name of India's longest sea bridge and the 10th longest sea bridge in the world? -- Mumbai Trans Harbour Link (MTHL)
 The sacred "Sengol", which is the symbol of the transfer of power from the British to India, is inspired from which Dynasty? -- Chola
 The AI Supercomputer installed at C-DAC, Pune has been ranked 75th in the world. What is the name of this supercomputer? -- AIRAWAT
 Strengthening Teaching-Learning and Results for States (STARS) Project comes under which Ministry? -- Ministry of Education, Government of India
 On May22, 2023 which country conferred the Grand Companion of the Order of Logohu (GCL) award, the highest civilian award of that country on India’s Prime Minister?  -- Papua New Guinea
 The ‘Third G20 Tourism Working Group Meeting', will be held from 22nd to 24th May, 2023, in which city?  -- Srinagar
 Which ministry releases the Wholesale Price Index? -- Ministry of Commerce and Industry
 Which Ministry has launched “Meri LiFE” app to encourage and facilitate youth participation in combating climate change?  -- Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climat Change (MoEF&CC)
 Which Ministry has launched a Citizen Centric Portal named Sanchar Saathi to fulfill vision of safe and secure communication under Digital India programme? -- Ministry of Communications
 Who was recently awarded the first Astronomical Society of India (ASI) Govind Swarup Lifetime Achievement award? -- Professor Jayant Vishnu Narlikar
 What is the theme of National Technology Day 2023? -- ‘School to Startups- Igniting Young Minds to Innovate’
 Poshan Bhi Padhai Bhi is under which Ministry?  -- The Ministry of Women and Child Development
 India’s first International Multimodal Logistics Park is situated in which state? -- Assam
 Vivad se Vishwas for providing financial relief to Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSMEs) for COVID-19 period is launched by which ministry?  -- Ministry of Finance
 Inji gramam a new scheme to cultivate related to which crop? -- Ginger
 ASEAN India Maritime Exercise (AIME-2023) scheduled to take place in which country? -- Singapore
 Multi-modal Expedition “EKTA EVAM SHRADHANJALI ABHIYAAN” organized by which organisation? -- Border Roads Organisation (BRO)
 Recently, in which country Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj’s statue is installed? -- Mauritius
 Who became the first Indian Men's Doubles pair to win the Badminton Asia Championships Title? -- Satwik SaiRaj Rankireddy and Chirag Shetty
 What is the IUCN Red List status of the lesser flamingo, a rare migratory bird from the sub-Saharan region?  -- Near Threatened
 Manamadurai pottery, which recently got the Geographical Indication (GI) tag, belongs to which district? -- Shivagangai district, Tamil Nadu
 What is Nano Diammonium Phosphate (Liquid) launched by IFFCO? -- A next-generation fertilizer
 What is the IUCN Red List status of Olive Ridley Turtles?  -- Vulnerable
 India’s first Water Metro is in which city?  -- Kochi
 SWAGAT (State Wide Attention on Grievances by Application of Technology) was started by which state? -- Gujarat
 India has launched ‘Operation Kaveri’ to evacuate its nationals from which country? -- Sudan
 Which country became the first to allow the same-sex unions? -- Denmark
 The theme for G20 Summit 2023 Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam finds mention in which Upanishad? -- Maha Upanishad
 Which position India retains, in the list of countries with most number of Unicorns as per Hurun’s GUI? -- 3rd
 INIOCHOS-23, a multi-national air exercise hosted by which country? -- Greece
 Beijing Accord, restored ties between which two countries, leading to political and economic cooperation between the two nations? -- Iran and Saudi Arabia
 Recently, PM Mega Integrated Textile Sector and Apparel (PM Mitra) Parks were inaugurated in which districts of Uttar Pradesh? -- Lucknow and Hardoi
 Who is the largest producer of cobalt in India? -- Odisha
 What is the theme of this year’s World Heritage Day or International Day for Monuments and Sites (IDMS)? -- Heritage Changes
 It is a multilateral exercise. Besides Indian Air force and French Air and Space Force (FASF), Air Forces from Germany, Greece, Italy, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Spain and United States of America would also be flying in this exercise. What is the name of this exercise? -- Exercise Orion
 What do sea walls (using geotextile), used in coastal areas, check?  -- Coastal erosion
 What is the name of the genetic disorder in which red blood cells become oval shaped due to oxygen deficiency?  -- Sickle cell anemia
 Gond painting of which state received the Geographical Indication (GI) tag? -- Madhya Pradesh
 What term describes the manufacturing process where layers of material are added on top of each other to create a 3D object, in contrast to subtractive manufacturing where material is cut away from a larger block to create the final design?  -- 3D PRINTING
 This framework aims to promote sustainability by helping customers achieve their sustainability goals, while also addressing concerns of greenwashing and increasing the flow of credit to green projects. What is it called? -- Green deposit
 What is the length of Zojila Tunnel, Asia's longest tunnel? -- 13.14 km
 Environment Statistics 2023 is released by which Ministry? -- Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MoSPI)
 Who has been awarded the 2023 International Prize in Statistics? -- Calyampudi Radhakrishna Rao
 Article 371F is a constitutional provision that guarantees special provisions for which state in India? -- Sikkim
 This UNESCO platform hosts city profiles and case studies showcasing programs, technologies, and policies that address common water security challenges in urban areas. What it is called?  -- W12+ Blueprint
 In which state is India’s only whistling village located? -- Meghalaya
 Netravali Wildlife Sanctuary situated in which State? -- Goa
 Which organization released the Global Trade Outlook and Statistics 2023? -- World Trade Organization (WTO)
 What is the new computer model developed by NASA researchers called which helps in forecasting geomagnetic disturbances and provide a warning for solar storms? -- DAGGER
 Which tax is levied on unexpected profits or gains by a company or an individual?  -- Windfall tax
 Which country became the 31st country to join The North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)? -- Finland
 Which state/UT has been given the GI tag for wood carving?  -- Ladakh
 This plateau is a disputed territory between Bhutan and China, located near the tri-junction border of India, Bhutan, and China. In June 2017, China attempted to extend a road in this, which Bhutan claimed as its own territory. What is the name of this controversial territory?  -- The Doklam plateau
 Where is the Global Seed Vault facility located?  -- Svalbard archipelago in the Arctic Ocean
 When was the Central Bureau of Investigation established by a resolution of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India? -- 1st April, 1963
 Who is the current chairman of ISRO?  -- Dr S Somanath
 What is the status of Saras Crane according to IUCN Red List?  -- Vulnerable
 Where is Pench Tiger Reserve located?  -- Seoni and Chhindwara districts in Madhya Pradesh
 What is the theme of International Women's Day 2023?  -- Embrace Equity
 What is the name of India's first cloned desi Gir female calf which was cloned at National Dairy Research Institute (NDRI)? -- Ganga
 Pembrolizumab (Keytruda) is used in treatment of which disease?  -- Cancer
 Where is the headquarters of the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization located?  -- New Delhi
 Where is the Amchang Wildlife Sanctuary located?  -- Assam
 What is the name of the Africa-India Field Training military exercise? -- AFINDEX-2023
 The new AI tool, ChatGPT, is created by which company?  -- San Francisco-based startup OpenAI
 What is the tradable permit that equals one tonne of carbon dioxide removed, reduced, or sequestered from the atmosphere called?  -- Carbon credit
 Oscar award to documentary Elephant whisperers is tribute to conservation legacy of which tribe? -- Kattunayakan tribe
 It is a declaration that called for "health for all" by the year 2000 and outlined primary healthcare as the key to achieving this goal. It emphasized the importance of community participation, prevention, and affordable access to essential healthcare services for all. What is the name of the declaration?  -- Alma Ata declaration
 Which country sponsors the Shinkansen high-speed rail project? -- Japan
 What is the name of the mobile application developed by experts from the India Meteorological Department and Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology and the Indian Council of Agricultural Research, to assist farmers? -- Meghdoot
 What is the name of the programme launched by the President of India for creating opportunities for employment and self-employment among the youth belonging to SC and ST communities?  -- Unnati
 Who won the 'Governor of the year' award in the Central Banking Awards 2023?  -- Shri Shaktikanta Das
 What is the name of the documentary film that won Best Documentary Short category, at the 95th Academy Awards, 2023 -- Elephant Whisperer
 Who is the first woman loco pilot in Asia to operate the semi-high-speed Vande Bharat Express train in India? -- Surekha Yadav
 What is the Ni-kshay Mitra program related to under the PradhanMantri TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan implemented by the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare -- TB Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan
 The practice of setting the clock ahead by one hour during the summer months to extend evening daylight and shorten morning daylight is called?  -- Day Light Saving Time
 What is Bedaquiline used for?  -- To treat pulmonary multidrug-resistant tuberculosis
 In which sport did Saweety Boora win the gold medal? -- Women's Boxing World Championship
 Which currencies are included in the basket that defines the SDR?  -- US dollar, Euro, Chinese Yuan, Japanese Yen, and British Pound Sterling
 What is the IUCN Red List status of the Long-tailed duck species that was recently spotted at Wular Lake in Kashmir after a gap of 116 years?  -- Vulnerable.
 Under which provision of the Constitution of India can a lawmaker be disqualified under any law enacted by the Parliament? -- Article 102 (1) (e)
 What is the provision of Section 8 of the Representation of People Act, 1951 regarding disqualification of a lawmaker upon conviction of not less than two years? -- A lawmaker sentenced to not less than two years upon conviction will be disqualified.
 Which article of the Constitution of India enables the disqualification of a Member of Parliament under Section 8 of the Representation of the People Act, 1951?  -- Article 102 (1)
 When is Martyr's Day observed in India? -- March 23
 Which Act is related to penalties imposed on industries that divert forest land for non-forest purposes in India?  -- The CAMPA Act or Compensatory Afforestation Fund Act (CAF)
 Which is the first butterfly park of Northeast located at Chottakhola, Tripura, near Trishna Wildlife sanctuary?  -- The Butterfly EcoPark
 What is the name of the bank capital instrument that is specifically designed to absorb losses during periods of financial stress? -- Additional Tier 1 (AT1)
 What type of celestial objects can be captured by Liquid-Mirror Telescopes? -- All celestial objects
 Apart from mercury, what other liquid can be used to make the mirror of LMTs? -- Gallium
 What is the mirror of Liquid-Mirror Telescopes made of? -- Reflective liquid
 What is the name and location of Asia's largest Telescope (LMT) recently inaugurated? -- Liquid-Mirror Telescope (LMT) at Devasthal in Uttarakhand.
 Which country has installed world’s first sand battery that can store heat from renewable energy sources for months? -- Finland
 The International Day of Happiness is observed annually on? -- March 20
 Who has been appointed captain of Indian hockey team that will represent India at the FIH Odisha Hockey Men's World Cup 2023 to be held in Bhubaneswar and Rourkela from January 13 to 29, 2023? -- Harmanpreet Singh
 In which North-Eastern State, the Election Commission of India has decided to initiate the delimitation exercise of Assembly and Parliamentary Constituencies after it was done in 1976? -- Assam
 Who is heading a committee constituted by the CJI to conduct an audit of "physical and functional access" of the top court premises to make them disabled friendly? -- Justice S Ravindra Bhat
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman and CEO of the Railway Board? -- Anil Kumar Lahoti
 Who recently became the Prime Minister of Nepal? -- Pushpa Kamal Dahal (also widely known as Prachanda)
 The Centre and which state government have signed a ‘Cessation of Operation Agreement’ with Zeliangrong United Front (ZUF), an insurgent group of that state to promote peace? -- Manipur
 Which prison in Uttar Pradesh was recently awarded a five-star rating and the tag 'Eat Right Campus' by the Food Safety and Standard Authority of India (FSSAI)? -- Bulandshahr Prison
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI)? -- Santosh Kumar Yadav
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Food Safety & Standards Authority of India (FSSAI)? -- Ganji Kamala V Rao
 What was the theme of the World Post Day observed recently on 9th October 2022? --  “Post for Planet”
 Which state/UT recently hosted the Indian Air Force Day for the first time outside Delhi on 8th October 2022? -- Chandigarh
 In a first after Independence, coinciding with the 90th anniversary of the Indian Air Force a new operational branch has been created within the IAF called  -- Weapon Systems (WS) Branch
 Which Indian player won the ‘FIH Player of the Year’ 2021-22 award in the men's category for the second time in a row? -- Harmanpreet Singh
 Who will head the three-member commission created by the Union Govt. to study on SC status for Dalit converts? -- K G Balakrishnan (former Chief Justice of India)
 Which state has recently started state-level Olympic games that include as many as 14 traditional games like gilli-danda, pitthul, sankhali, langdi-race, kabaddi, kho-Kho and kancha? -- Chhattisgarh
 Which element was most recently mapped by India’s Chandrayaan-2 on Moon for the very first time using its Chandrayaan-2 Large Area Soft X-ray Spectrometer (CLASS)? -- Sodium
 Who is the first Indian woman to conquer the 'True Summit' of Mt Sumanlu in Nepal? -- Anvitha Reddy Padamati
 World Cotton Day is observed on  -- 7 October
 Which is the tallest tree 88.5 meters (290 feet) tall and 9.9 meters (32 feet) around - ever found in the Amazon rainforest? -- Angelim Vermelho (scientific name: Dinizia excelsa)
 Which Indian cricketer was recently appointed as the brand ambassador of lubricant manufacturer Gulf Oil India? -- Smriti Mandhana
 Which is India’s first 24x7 solar-powered village? -- Modhera
 Who has been appointed as the Presiding Officer of the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Tribunal which will review the ban imposed on the Popular Front of India (PFI) and its affiliated organisations? -- Justice Dinesh Kumar Sharma
 With the theme 'Make mental health and well-being for all a global priority', the World Mental Health Day 2022 was observed on  -- 10 October
 Indian Foreign Service day is observed on  -- 9 October
 Which country will host the 2022 edition of the ‘Malabar’ naval exercise consisting of India, Australia, Japan and the U.S. in the second week of November? -- Japan
 Name the first-of-its-kind database for tracking the world’s fossil fuel production, reserves and emissions launched recently that includes data from over 50,000 oil, gas and coal fields in 89 countries? -- Global Registry of Fossil Fuels
 The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) has introduced which security feature to the Aadhaar Enabled Payment System (AEPS) to determine whether the fingerprint being used belongs to a person who’s alive or not?  -- Fingerprint ‘Liveliness’
 Which operation was recently carried out by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) in relation to the circulation and sharing of Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) following inputs from Interpol headquarters, Crime against Children unit in Singapore? -- 'Megha Chakra'
 Who is the first sportsperson and Olympian to be elected as president of Hockey India (HI)? -- Dillip Tirkey
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) cum- Secretary, Department of Health Research (DHR) for a period of 3 years? -- Rajiv Behl
 Who has replaced Dr. Randeep Guleria as the new AIIMS director? -- Dr. M Srinivas
 Name the Indian author who has been selected for the Hermann Kesten Prize 2022 - a German literary award presented annually for outstanding efforts in support of persecuted writers which is named in honor of the German novelist and dramatist Hermann Kesten? -- Meena Kandasamy
 Which public sector refinery in eastern Assam’s Golaghat district has taken major strides in setting up Rs.1, 750-crore biorefinery unit for producing bioethanol from 5-lakh metric tonnes of bamboo per annum? -- Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL)
 Which power sector financing company recently became the 12th ‘Maharatna’ Central Public Sector Enterprise? -- REC Ltd
 Which Gujarati film, directed by Pan Nalin has been chosen by the Film Federation of India as the country's entry to the Oscars 2023 in Best International Feature category? -- Chhello Show (Last Film Show)
 Through which scheme, the Union government plans to reduce the use of chemical fertilisers by incentivising states? -- PM PRANAM (PM Promotion of Alternate Nutrients for Agriculture Management)
 Which naval ship was recently decommissioned that participated in several naval operations including Op Talwar during Kargil War and Op Parakram in 2001? -- INS Ajay
 Which Indian industrialist was recently conferred the Chevalier de la Légion d’Honneur (Knight of the Legion of Honour) - the highest French civilian award?  -- Swati Piramal
 Which new television series has been launched by the US Agency for International Development (USAID) and UNICEF in collaboration with Doordarshan to promote healthy behaviours in a post-pandemic world? -- ‘Duur Se Namaste’
 Which country has signed a formal MoU to join SCO; to become permanent member at 2023 India Summit? -- Iran
 Release of which book by ex-hockey coach of India, Sjoerd Marijne has been barred by Delhi HC following a player’s claim that it contains confidential information about her medical condition? -- Will Power
 The pre-production run of India’s first lithium cell manufacturing facility set up by Chennai-based Munoth Industries Limited was launched recently at – -- Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh
 On which three themes, tableaus of Republic Day 2023 will be made? -- India@75, International Year of Millets , and Nari Shakti
 Which will be India’s first ‘Smart City’ with digital addresses? -- Indore
 Which Indian Bank recently became the third lender and 7th Indian company to surpass Rs 5 trillion market cap? -- State Bank of India
 Which state attracted highest industrial investments in the first seven months of the year 2022 according to a report released by the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT)? -- Andhra Pradesh
 Which state/UT Govt. has doubled the minimum wage for labourers working above 16001 ft altitude? -- Sikkim
 The UT Govt. of Jammu and Kashmir has decided to observe Maharaja Hari Singh’s birthday as a public holiday on – -- 23 September
 In which sanctuary, the govt. of Uttar Pradesh is going to create a third Rhino Rehabilitation Area after substantial increase of one-horn rhinoceros in two such areas in the Dudhwa National Park?  -- Katarniaghat Wildlife Sanctuary
 Joao Manuel Goncalves Lourenco has been re-elected as the President of – -- Angola
 Which oldest living city in the world has been named 1st Cultural and Tourism Capital of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) for 2022-23? -- Varanasi
 Which country will take over the rotational Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) presidency from September 2022 to September 2023, for the first time, from Uzbekistan - the host for this year’s Samarkand Summit? -- India
 Who is the first Pravasi Bharatiya Samman awardee from Malaysia, passed away recently? -- Tun Dr. S. Samy Vellu
 Which state of India has the highest number of Jan Dhan bank account holders? -- Uttar Pradesh
 Which state has maximum number of Amrit Sarovar (Lakes) followed by Madhya Pradesh and Jammu and Kashmir respectively - which aims to conserve water for the future? -- Uttar Pradesh
 The Kibithu military camp (Easternmost Garrison of India) in Arunachal Pradesh, which looks out over Chinese deployments in the Rima-Tatu area across the LAC, was recently renamed as –  -- General Bipin Rawat Military Garrison
 By which year India plans to vaccinate 100% of the animals against Foot and Mouth Disease and Brucellosis? -- 2025
 With which State Govt., Vedanta-Foxconn Group has signed a MoU of Rs. 1.54 lakh crore for the manufacture of semiconductor and display fab? -- Gujarat
 Over which river, India’s longest rubber dam was recently inaugurated? -- Falgu River (Bihar)
 Who has been appointed as the next United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, who will succeed Michelle Bachelet of Chile? -- Volker Turk (Austria)
 Who was declared ‘Player of the Tournament’ at the recently concluded Asia Cup 2022, held at UAE that was won by Sri Lanka? -- Wanindu Hasaranga (Sri Lanka)
 Who won the US Open 2022 Singles Title (Tennis) in men’s and women’s category respectively? -- Carlos Alcaraz Garfia (Spain), Iga Swiątek (Poland)
 Who became the king and head of state of the United Kingdom and 14 other realms including Australia, Canada, Jamaica, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea after the death of Queen Elizabeth II? -- King Charles III
 Which event - a fortnight of activities to galvanize action around cleanliness from 17th September, (Seva Diwas) till 2nd October (Swachhata Diwas) - is being organised by the Union Housing and Urban Affairs Ministry?  -- Swachh Amrit Mahotsav
 Name the former Union Home Minister and first Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh, whose 135th birth anniversary was observed on 10th September 2022? -- Govind Ballabh Pant
 Who recently became the first Gurjar Muslim from Jammu and Kashmir to be nominated to Rajya Sabha? -- Gulam Ali
 Swami Swaroopanand Saraswati, who passed away recently, was the Shankracharya of which three Peeths? -- Dwarka, Sharda, and Jyotish Peeth
 Which social reformer’s birthday was recently observed on 11th September, who was passionate about social empowerment and gave the clarion call of ‘Jai Jagat’? -- Vinoba Bhave
 Which city will host the 22nd Meeting of the Council of Heads of State of the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO)? -- Samarkand (Uzbekistan)
 Recently, under Project 17A, which stealth guided-missile frigate was launched by Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Ltd (MDL)? -- ‘Taragiri’
 What is the theme of International Dairy Federation World Dairy Summit (IDF WDS) 2022, being organised in India after half a century at Greater Noida (Uttar Pradesh)? -- ‘Dairy for Nutrition and Livelihood’
 In which city, a two-day National Conference on Sustainable Coastal Management in India was held that was participated by all the 13 coastal states of the country? -- Bhubaneswar
 Which state has recommended UNESCO World Heritage tag for Chaya Someshwaralayam Temple (an architectural marvel) and Nilivurallu – a megalithic burial site with astronomical magnificence? -- Telangana
 With the theme, "Transforming Literacy Learning Spaces” the International Literacy Day 2022 was observed on – -- 8th September
 Under which Article of the Constitution, Post Devolution Revenue Deficit Grants are provided to the States? -- Article 275
 Name the Mysore-based sculptor who crafted the statue of Adi Shankaracharya at Kedarnath and now the statue of Subhas Chandra Bose - to be installed at India Gate? -- Arun Yogiraj
 What was the theme of the Seventh Eastern Economic Forum held in Vladivostok, Russia? -- "On the Path to a Multipolar World"
 In which city, the 2nd India-Japan 2plus2 Ministerial Dialogue will be held? -- Tokyo
 In which city the India-US 2+2 Inter-Sessional meeting was held to reviewed outcomes of the 2+2 Ministerial Dialogue of April 2022 with the aim of further strengthening the India-US strategic partnership? -- Delhi
 Which Adriatic coast nation has recently severed diplomatic relations with Iran following an investigation into a cyberattack that it concluded was Iranian "state aggression"? -- Albania
 How many districts are there in Chhattisgarh, after the recent creation of Mohla-Manpur-Ambagarh Chowki, Sarangarh-Bilaigarh, and Khairagarh-Chhuikhadan-Gandai districts? -- 31
 Under which Ministry, Indian Pharmacopoeia Commission or IPC comes? -- Ministry of Health & Family Welfare
 Under which Ministry, Pharmacopoeia Commission for Indian Medicine and Homoeopathy PCIM&H comes? -- Ministry of Ayush
 Which state has launched "Mukhyamantri Udyman Khiladi Unnayan Yojana? -- Uttarakhand
 Who is in line (according to seniority) to be India’s first woman Chief Justice with a tenure of only a little over a month? -- Justice B.V. Nagarathna
 In which state ‘Shumang Leela’ - a traditional form of theatre is observed? -- Manipur
 Which state/UT’s Police has become the first police force in the country to make collection of forensic evidence mandatory in crimes punishable by more than six years? -- Delhi
 Name the first warship project of Anti-Submarine Warfare Shallow Craft (ASW SWC) being constructed by Cochin Shipyard Limited (CSL) in Kochi, for which keel laying was done recently? -- BY 523, Mahe
 At which place the 65th Commonwealth Parliamentary Conference (CPC) was held from August 20 to 26, 2022? -- Halifax, Canada
 Under which Act/Rule, the Edible Oil Manufacturers/ Packers/ Importers have been advised by the department of Consumer Affairs to correct their labeling of declaring net quantity in the units of volume without mentioning temperature with weight of the product up to January 15, 2023? -- Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011
 Which city will be first in India to house 3-D printed Post Office? -- Bengaluru
 Who built the Anang Tal lake in South Delhi that was declared a monument of national importance by the Ministry of Culture recently? -- Anang Pal Singh Tomar
 Which freedom fighter’s statue was unveiled recently in Mexico by Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla; who was associated with Ghadar Party and was a part of efforts to usher in Green Revolution in Mexico? -- Pandurang Khankhoje
 Who is the first Indian to win a Diamond League Meet title by winning the Lausanne leg? -- Neeraj Chopra
 Who won the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) Men’s and Women’s Player of the Year Award 2021/22 respectively? -- Karim Benzema (France), Alexia Putellas (Spain)
 Which German automotive giant is set to re-enter F1 in the 2026 season as a power unit supplier, capitalizing on the new engine regulations that will be implemented in 2026? -- Audi
 Which facility has been constructed by the Indian Army in collaboration with Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) at Delhi Cantt to ensure comfortable stay of serving/retired defence personnel including their dependents who come to Delhi for their medical treatment? -- Taurus Sainik Aramgrah
 With which East African country India has agreed on the formation of a task force to prepare a five year ‘future road map’ for enhancing defence cooperation? -- Tanzania
 Which gene has been recently identified in Candida albicans - a fungal species - and could be clue to treatment of fungal infection in immuno-compromised patients such as AIDS or during cancer treatment? -- CSA6
 The Union Govt. amended which rule recently for ease of doing business and reducing the compliance burden for the garment or hosiery sold in loose or open? -- Legal Metrology (Packaged Commodities) Rules, 2011
 Which motorcycle manufacturing company has joined hands with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organisation (UNESCO) to promote and safeguard the Intangible Cultural Heritage of India, beginning with the Himalayas? -- Royal Enfield
 At which place the 18th campus in the NIFT (National Institute of Fashion Technology) has started recently? -- Daman
 At which place the first editions of India GI Fair, Khilona-India Toys & Games Fair was held recently? -- India Expo Centre & Mart, Greater Noida
 Who will succeed Surjit Bhalla on 1 November 2022 as India’s Executive Director at IMF? -- Krishnamurthy V Subramanian
 In which landlocked country (in South America) India has recently opened its embassy that is bordered by Argentina to the south and southwest, Brazil to the east and northeast, and Bolivia to the northwest? -- Paraguay
 In which city of Paraguay, External Affairs Minister S. Jaishankar recently unveiled a bust of Mahatma Gandhi? -- Asunción
 India has secured the third position by winning five medals at the 15th International Olympiad on Astronomy and Astrophysics (IOAA)-2022 held in – -- Kutaisi, Georgia
 Name the Indian Physicist and Scientist, known as the “Weather Woman of India” on whose 104th birth anniversary Google paid her tribute with a doodle? -- Anna Mani
 The government has allowed retrofitment of CNG and LPG kits in petrol and diesel vehicles that are compliant with –  -- BS-VI Emission Norms
 The governments of Punjab and Haryana took a decision to name the Chandigarh International Airport after –  -- Shaheed Bhagat Singh
 India's first indigenously developed hydrogen fuel cell bus was launched in Pune is built by the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) and – -- KPIT Limited (A Pune-based Software Multinational)
 Name the Indian Olympic Football Captain (nicknamed ‘Badru’) who led the country to a historic fourth-place finish in the 1956 Melbourne Olympics, died recently? -- Samar Banerjee
 Name the Assam born legendary Pakistani singer known as ‘Bulbul-e-Pakistan’ who passed away recently? -- Nayyara Noor
 Which country has announced that it has exited the European Union's enhanced surveillance framework? -- Greece
 Which space sector start-up will set up India’s first observatory to monitor space activity in Garhwal region of Uttarakhand? -- Digantra
 According to latest study by Pew Research Center, now sex ratio in India has improved - it fell from 111 boys per 100 girls in 2011 to ____________boys in 2019-21? -- 108
 Which dance form has been nominated by India for the year 2022 to be inscribed on UNESCO's intangible cultural heritage list? -- Garba
 Which Indian Chess player recently beat Magnus Carlsen (Norway) in a match of FTX Crypto Cup and secured second place? -- R Praggnanandhaa
 Which is India's first fully 'functionally literate' district? -- Mandla (Madhya Pradesh)
 Which is the first state of India that used Blockchain technology to distribute seeds to farmers? -- Jharkhand
 Asuncion is the capital of which South American country, where India is going open an Embassy? -- Paraguay
 Which are the first state and UT respectively to receive “Har Ghar Jal” certification? -- Goa and Dadra & Nagar Haveli and Daman & Diu (D&NH and D&D)
 Which state is going to recognise 'Dahi-handi' as a sports category and will provide jobs to ‘Govindas’ as well as insurance cover of Rs 10 lakhs? -- Maharashtra
 World Mosquito Day is observed on – -- 20th August
 Which is India's first portal on arrested narco offenders? -- NIDAAN (National Integrated Database on Arrested Narco-offenders)
 For which state, two river front development projects were approved at the 44th Executive Committee Meeting of National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMCG) that includes construction of Plaza Promenade and Parikrama including new ghats? -- Uttarakhand (at Badrinath)
 At the 44th Executive Committee Meeting of National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMCG), conservation of which bird sanctuary in Sahibganj District, Jharkhand was approved under Namami Gange Mission-II? -- Udhwa Lake Bird Sanctuary
 In which city Hindustan Aeronautics Limited will set up an office to tap business opportunities in the entire Southeast Asian region? -- Kuala Lumpur
 Which military exercise will take place in Russia’s Eastern Military District from August 30 to September 5, 2022 where India is planning to send troops? -- Vostok 2022
 Akshay Urja Diwas is commemorated every year on – -- 20 August
 Which state is planning to send about 1,000 youth to the Cellular Jail in Andaman and Nicobar Islands for instilling the spirit of nationalism in them? -- Assam
 Who has been appointed as the Head of Mission and Chief Military Observer for the United Nations Military Observer Group in India and Pakistan (UNMOGIP)? -- Rear Admiral Guillermo Pablo Rios (Argentina)
 With 3.5 km in length and having 295 wagons, it is Indian Railways’ longest freight train which was test run recently betweenKorba in Chhattisgarh and Rajnandgao in Nagpur – -- 'Super Vasuki'
 Which military exercise was recently carried out in Indonesia with participation of the United States, and allies as part of Washington's efforts to prevent a regional conflict after China's "destabilising actions" around Taiwan? -- "Super Garuda Shield"
 Which ship-building company at West Bengal - a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cochin Shipyard Ltd, was recently dedicated to the nation?  -- Hooghly Cochin Shipyard Limited (HCSL)
 Which sector will benefit from the recent enhancement in the limit of Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS) by Rs 50,000 crore from Rs. 4.5 Lakh crore to Rs. 5 Lakh crore? -- Hospitality and Related Sectors
 Which state will host the North East Olympics Games beginning October 30 till November 6, 2022? -- Meghalaya
 What is the name of first bilateral exercise of Air Forces of India and Malaysia? -- 'Udarashakti'
 For which cattle disease, ICAR has developed Lumpi-ProVac, a locally made vaccine? -- Lumpy skin disease
 Which Indian politician will be honoured with ‘Chevalier de la Legion d’Honneur’ - the French government’s highest honour, for his writings and speeches? -- Shashi Tharoor
 Which satellite of Iran was recently put into orbit by the Soyuz rocket of Russia? -- Khayyam
 World Organ Donation Day is observed annually on  -- 13th August
 Which recently became the 31st Elephant Reserve of India and 5th of Kerala? -- Agasthiyarmalai Elephant Reserve
 In which state/UT the first Khelo India Women’s Hockey League under-16 is scheduled to be held from August 16 to 23, 2022? -- New Delhi
 Who is the first Indian Social Psychologist to feature on Psychology Society's Heritage Wall of Fame in the US? -- Professor Ramadhar Singh
 Who were recently appointed as the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar respectively? -- Nitish Kumar, Tejashwi Prasad Yadav
 On the occasion of World Biofuel Day, Prime Minister dedicated the 2nd generation (2G), Ethanol Plant, in Panipat, Haryana developed by  -- Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. (IOCL)
 Union Cabinet has approved extension of PMAY-Urban till  -- 31st Dec 2024
 Which former Indian Player has been appointed as the coach of the Nepal cricket team? -- Manoj Prabhakar
 In which state, Gyan Mandir, Asia’s first and tallest temple based on the teachings of Bhagavad Gita, is being constructed on the banks of Brahma Sarovar? -- Haryana
 Kakori Train Action Day is observed on – -- 9th August
 Who was honoured with 6th dPal rNgam Duston award - Ladakh's highest civilian award?  -- The Dalai Lama
 Which two footballers were recently declared the All India Football Federation (AIFF) Footballer of the Year in Men’s and Women’s category respectively for the 2021-22 season? -- Sunil Chhetri, Manisha Kalyan
 Which exercise was recently carried out by the Indian Army to test its satellite communication systems in the event of an attack by an enemy force? -- Ex Skylight
 Who recently became the first female Director General of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research, a consortium of 38 state-run research institutes across the country? -- Nallathamby Kalaiselvi
 Which is the first bank in India to formulate a policy to fund makers of the lab-grown diamonds? -- State Bank of India
 Who were declared International Cricket Council (ICC) player of the month (July 2022) in Men’s and Women’s category respectively? -- Prabath Jayasuriya (Sri Lanka) and Emma Lamb (England)
 Which international cricket umpire from South Africa recently died in a Car accident? -- Rudolf Eric Koertzen
 With which country, that is facing balance of payments problems, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) has recently signed an Extended Fund Facility (EFF)? -- Pakistan
 The Cabinet of which state has recently approved the setting up of seven new districts in the state, taking the total number of districts to 30, up from the existing 23? -- West Bengal
 Who was awarded the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR)’s ‘Distinguished Indologist for 2021’ award? -- Jeffrey Armstrong (Canada)
 Which viral disease has caused death of a number of cows in Gujarat and Rajasthan recently? -- Lumpy Skin Disease
 For better implementation of which multilateral treaty, Wildlife Protection (Amendment) Bill, 2021 was recently passed in the Lok Sabha? -- Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES)
 Above what age youngsters in India can now apply in advance to enroll in voter's list? -- 17 Years
 Who has been given the additional charge of Director General of Indo-Tibetan Border Police? -- Sujoy Lal Thaosen (DG, SSB)
 What is the name of Rajasthan’s first all women-run Cooperative Bank that will be set up on the lines of the Stree Nidhi model of Telangana? -- Mahila Nidhi
 What is the name of the Korea Pathfinder Lunar Orbiter (KPLO), the Korea Aerospace Research Institute's (KARI) first exploratory space mission outside of Earth's orbit? -- Danuri
 Who is the second Indian after Kaushik Basu to become the chief economist of World Bank? -- Indermit Gill
 In which city the 1st Khelo India Fencing Women’s League is being organized from 25-29 July 2022? -- New Delhi
 Who introduced Income Tax in India on 24 July, 1860 –that day we celebrate as Income Tax Day (Aaykar Diwas) since 2010? -- Sir James Wilson
 Who is the first Indian to qualify for the triple jump final at the World Championships and was placed 9th with his highest being 16.79m? -- Eldhose Paul
 Which two cities of India have been named by TIME magazine among the 50 extraordinary destinations to explore in its list of the World’s Greatest Places of 2022? -- Ahmedabad and Kerala
 Which book by Kishwar Desai won ‘Best Book on Cinema’ award at the 68th National Film Awards? --  The Longest Kiss
 Which film was considered ‘Best Film on Environment Conservation/Preservation’ at the 68th National Film Awards? -- Taledanda (Beheading a Life)(Kannada)
 Which state won the ‘most film-friendly state’ award at the 68th National Film Awards, where Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh got Special Mention? -- Madhya Pradesh
 Which will be the apex decision making authority for India’s Antarctic activities according to the Indian Antarctic Bill, 2022 introduced in the Parliament recently? -- Indian Antarctic Authority (IAA)
 What is the name of India’s first pilot-less drone developed by Sagar Defence Engineering that can carry one person inside? -- Varuna
 Who has been honoured with Kerala’s highest film award, the JC Daniel Award 2022? -- KP Kumaran (Malayalam filmmaker)
 Which is the first ‘Har Ghar Jal’ certified district in the country? -- Burhanpur (Madhya Pradesh)
 Which is the first state in the country to connect all registered commercial vehicles equipped with Vehicle Location Tracking Device (VLTD) with Emergency Response Support System (ERSS)? -- Himachal Pradesh
 Who has been appointed as the 9th President of Sri Lanka? -- Ranil Wickremesinghe
 Who has been appointed as the 15th Prime Minister of Sri Lanka? -- Dinesh Gunawardena
 Which is the first major port of the country to become 100% Landlord port having all berths being operated on PPP model? -- Jawaharlal Nehru Port
 Which blood group was recently identified in a man from Gujarat – making him India’s first and world’s 10th and people with such blood group can't donate or accept blood from anyone? -- EMM negative
 In which state India’s first AI-powered, end-to-end digital Lok Adalat was launched during the 18th All India Legal Services Authorities’ Meet? -- Rajasthan
 Which former Supreme Court judge has taken over as the BCCI’s ethics officer and ombudsman? -- Vineet Saran
 Which country will host the 2028 Summer Olympic and Paralympic Games? -- United States (Los Angeles)
 Which country will host the 19th Asian Games in 2023 that was postponed due to Covid-19? -- China (in Hangzhou)
 Which three states will host the 131st edition of the Durand Cup? -- West Bengal, Assam and Manipur
 Who will head the committee formed by the Union Govt. to look into the issue of minimum support price (MSP) for agricultural produce? -- Sanjay Agrawal
 Who recently became first-Indian to win Gold Medal at ISSF World Cup in Men's Skeet event held at Changwon (South Korea)? -- Mairaj Ahmad Khan
 Which Russian submarine acquired by India was recently decommissioned by the Navy after 35 years of service? -- INS Sindhudhvaj
 Which Australian Tennis player was recently inducted into International Tennis Hall of Fame? -- Lleyton Hewitt
 Who is the author of the book titled “The McMahon line: A century of discord”? -- General JJ Singh (Retd.)
 Which architectural style was employed in the Mahuli Group of Temples which includes five temples constructed between 11th and 12th Centuries near Satara, Maharashtra? -- Hemadpanthi
 Which is the only mammal species discovered in India in 2021 from Narcondam Island of the Andaman and Nicobar group of islands? -- Crocidura narcondamica (a white-toothed shrew)
 From which State/UT of India, most number (51 taxa) of species was discovered in 2021? -- Kerala
 From which order of insects (that includes sawflies, wasps, bees, and ants) most of the new species was discovered in India in 2021? -- Hymenoptera
 With 1.03 lakh species of fauna, India contributes what per cent of faunal diversity in the world? -- 6.1%
 Which two states won the first and second prize respectively in the ‘National MSME Award 2022’ for outstanding contributions to the promotion and development of the Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME) sector? -- Odisha, Bihar
 Which three districts of Rajasthan topped the Ministry of Education’s Performance Grading Index for Districts (PGI-D) —2019-2020? -- Jaipur, Sikar and Jhunjhunu
 Leaders from the G7 at the recent summit at Germany have committed to achieving a fully or predominantly decarbonised electricity sector by the year – -- 2035
 What is the divorce practice common in Muslims, where a man can divorce his wife by pronouncing “talaq” three times (when the wife is not menstruating) over the course of three months? --  Talaq-e-Hasan
 Who has been selected to head the India Debt Resolution Company (IDRCL) which will be the sole agent to resolve bad loans to be acquired by the National Asset Reconstruction Company Limited (NARCL)? -- Avinash Kulkarni
 Which country recently launched a rocket ‘Zuljanah’ named after the horse of Imam Hussein, the grandson of the Prophet Muhammad? -- Iran
 In which state people recently celebrated the ‘Sao Joao’ festival, dedicated to St John the Baptist, who baptised Lord Jesus in the river of Jordan? -- Goa
 In which city of India, a stepwell – ‘Sultan Ki Baoli’ – is located, built by Rao Sultan Singh that was recently mentioned in PM’s ‘Mann ki Baat’ programme? -- Udaipur (Rajasthan)
 In which city, the UN Ocean Conference is being organized from 27th of June to 1st of July 2022? -- Lisbon (Capital city of Portugal)
 Under whose chairmanship, the 14th BRICS Summit was convened recently in a virtual format? -- Xi Jinping
 Who has been appointed as the chairman of the board of directors of BSE Limited? -- S S Mundra
 Most recently, in which country, ONGC Videsh Limited (OVL), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation's overseas arm have made an oil discovery? -- Colombia
 Who has been appointed as the new Director General of the National Investigation Agency (NIA), an anti-terror probe agency formed after the 26/11 attack in Mumbai? -- Dinkar Gupta
 In which State/UT India will host the G20 meeting in 2023? -- Jammu & Kashmir
 Who has been appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of NITI Aayog? -- Parameswaran Iyer
 After which state’s implementation of the One Nation One Ration Card (ONORC) scheme, the plan is complete pan-India? -- Assam
 In which country Khuvsgul Lake National Park is located, that has been recently added to the World Network of Biosphere Reserves of UNESCO? -- Mongolia
 Which two countries – former parts of the Soviet Union – have been accorded ‘Candidate’ status recently by the European Union for getting its membership? -- Ukraine, Moldova
 The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has approved setting up of wayside amenities at 75 locations in 12 States/Union Territories on different sections of roads with Border Roads Organisation (BRO) branded as – -- ‘BRO Cafes’
 In which city, the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), 2022 is being organized? -- Kigali (Rwanda)
 Who is the first Indian mountaineer to ascend Mt. Annapurna and Mt. Lhotse (both in Nepal) without the aid of oxygen? -- Skalzang Rigzin
 ‘Jaher’ is sacred grove of which tribes - a characteristic feature of their villages? -- Santal
 Name the current Indian ambassador to Bhutan, who has been appointed as the next Permanent Representative of India to the United Nations at New York to succeed T S Tirumurti? -- Ruchira Kamboj
 With 84 goals, who recently became the 3rd highest goal scorer in international football among active players, after Cristiano Ronaldo with 117 goals and Lionel Messi with 86 goals? -- Sunil Chhetri
 Who recently set a new world record of 51.60 seconds in the men’s 100m backstroke event at the 19th FINA World Championships (Budapest, Hungary) beating previous record holder Ryan Murphy of USA? -- Thomas Ceccon (Italy)
 Which country recently launched its first domestically developed space rocket called ‘Nuri’? -- South Korea
 At which place the 15th UN Convention on Biological Diversity will reconvene during December 5-17 with China in the Chair as President? -- Montreal, Canada
 From which river, the world’s largest recorded freshwater fish, a giant stingray, has been caught recently? -- Mekong River (Cambodia)
 Who gave Jhaverchand Meghani (a Gujarati poet, writer, social reformer and freedom fighter), the title of Rashtriya Shaayar (National Poet)? -- Mahatma Gandhi
 For which squadron of the Indian Coast Guard, based in Chennai, recently the first of the four made-in-India Advanced Light Helicopter (ALH) Mk3 was inducted? -- 840 Squadron
 Glischropus meghalayanus is the name of which bamboo-dwelling new animal species that was discovered recently in Ri Bhoi district of Meghalaya? -- Bat
 European Parliament recently votes to ban sale of new petrol and diesel cars by – -- 2035
 Which two bank’s IT resources along with UPI managing entity NPCI has been notified as 'critical Information Infrastructure' by the Ministry of Electronics and IT (MeitY) under Section 70 of the IT Act, 2000? -- ICICI Bank, HDFC Bank
 Which three countries recently signed an agreement resolving outstanding boundary issues over Tartupaluk (Hans Island)? -- Canada, Denmark, and Greenland
 Name the 17th century Warkari saint on whom recently a temple was inaugurated at Dehu Village near Pune by the Prime Minister of India? -- Sant Tukaram
 The Union Cabinet has approved the proposal for signing of an agreement between the Government of India and the United Nations on which app to be used in the Palais des Nations, United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG)? -- ‘Way Finding Application’
 Which state in India has maximum dams (2394) followed by Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat at the second and third spots? -- Maharashtra
 Russia has overtaken which country to become India's second-biggest supplier of crude oil after Iraq? -- Saudi Arabia
 Which Iraqi lake, known as the ‘pearl of the south’, for the first time in its centuries-long history, dried up this year? -- Lake Sawa
 More than 20 types of which acids have been detected in samples Japan's Hayabusa2 space probe brought to Earth from an asteroid- Ryugu in late 2020 - showing for the first time the organic compounds exist on asteroids in space? -- Amino Acid
 In which place the 'first national conference of chief secretaries' will be held during on June 16 and 17? -- Dharamshala
 For which banks, EASE 5.0 — Enhanced Access and Service Excellence — a common reform agenda aimed at institutionalising clean and smart banking was launched recently? -- Public Sector Banks (PSBs)
 In which city the 25th anniversary of Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC) was celebrated recently? -- Dhaka
 Which Formula 1 driver was recently made honorary citizen of Brazil? -- Lewis Hamilton
 On which National Highway, recently 75-km of bituminous road was laid in 105 hrs that set a new Guinness World Record beating Qatar’s? -- NH 53
 What is the name of the mascot of 44th Chess Olympiad to be held in Chennai (Tamil Nadu)? -- 'Thambi'
 Isle of Wight is an Island of which country where a meat-eating dinosaur’s fossils were found recently? -- England
 Which space agency has recently announced to set up an independent team to understand unexplained sightings of UFOs? -- NASA
 Who won gold in the Para Shooting World Cup in Chateauroux, France, with a world record score of 250.6 in the women’s 10m air rifle standing SH1? -- Avani Lekhara
 Who has been appointed as the director of the Asia and Pacific Department (APD) of International Monetary Fund? -- Krishna Srinivasan
 Who has been named the ambassador of the Indo-UK culture platform – ‘Season of Culture’ that aims to strengthen India and the United Kingdom’s relations in arts, English and education? -- AR Rahman
 In which state the Baikho festival is celebrated? -- Assam
 Which Indian diplomat has been appointed by United Nations Secretary-General Antonio Guterres as his Envoy on Technology? -- Amandeep Singh Gill
 People from which tribe observe Baikho festival for good harvest and rain? -- Rabha
 Which state of the USA recently became the world’s first to pass right-to-repair bill that specifically targets digital electronics such as tablets, laptops, and phones? -- New York
 Which public sector business will operate ten in-orbit communication satellites - currently under the administrative jurisdiction of the Department of Space - for which the Union Cabinet gave authorization recently? -- NewSpace India Limited (NSIL)
 What is the Minimum Support Price for Paddy (common) for Marketing Season 2022-23? -- 2040
 Which crop got highest increase in Minimum Support Price out of all Kharif crops for Marketing Season 2022-23? -- Sesamum
 Who recently became the first officer from the Indian Railways to complete the grueling ‘Ironman’ Triathlon in Germany’s Hamburg? -- Shreyas G. Hosur
 Prunus Dinabandhuana is a species of which plant? -- Cherry Blossom
 Who was recently awarded 'Green Globe Award 2022' at IIT, Delhi for his contributions in the field of biodiversity, conservation and Himalayan ecosystem? -- Dinabandhu Sahoo
 Which country is organizing a multinational peacekeeping exercise “Ex Khaan Quest 2022” featuring participation from military contingents from 16 countries, including India? -- Mongolia
 Which country won the inaugural FIH Hockey 5s championship held at Lausanne in Switzerland? -- India
 ‘Thang-Ta’ is a martial art form of which state that featured at Khelo India Youth Games 2022 at Panchkula in Haryana for the first time? -- Manipur
 Which was the first United Nations conference on environment (held in June 5–16 in 1972) that is going to complete 50 years? -- Stockholm Conference
 With which country Israel has recently signed a free trade deal - a first with an Arab country? -- United Arab Emirates
 Which type of batteries are being developed by the researchers from Indian Institute of Technology Madras that are mechanically-rechargeable and be an alternative to lithium-ion batteries which are used in electric vehicles? -- Zinc-Air Batteries
 Who has been appointed as the Director-General of National Informatics Centre (NIC)? -- Rajesh Gera
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of the Cotton Council of India –that was formed recently by the Union Govt.? -- Suresh Bhai Kotak
 From which wildlife sanctuary in India an ant-mimicking Money spider was found recently for the first time?  -- Wayanad Wildlife Sanctuary
 Which state of India was selected by the World Health Organistion for the World No Tobacco Day (WNTD) Award-2022 towards its efforts in controlling tobacco consumption? -- Jharkhand
 Which West Indian cricketer has been bestowed with the ‘Sitara-I-Pakistan’, country's third-highest civilian award, for his part in bringing back international cricket to Pakistan? -- Daren Sammy
 Which US-built supercomputer dethroned Japan's 'Fugaku' as the world's fastest machine with 1.1 exaflops of performance on the 59th TOP500 list published by an international conference of computer experts? -- 'Frontier'
 Name the Himachal Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission Chairman, who is a dam expert, has been elected as Chairman of the Asia Pacific Group of the International Commission on Large Dams (ICOLD)? -- Devendra Kumar Sharma
 What is the theme chosen for the 8th edition of International Day of Yoga to be celebrated on 21st June 2022? -- IIT, Gandhinagar
 Who has been appointed as the Acting Chairperson, Lokpal by President Ram Nath Kovind after Justice Pinaki Chandra Bose’s term ended? -- Justice Pradip Mohanty
 In the run up to Stockholm+50 and World Environment Day on June 5, the Council on Energy, Environment and Water (CEEW) and the Stockholm Environment Institute (SEI) released 'Portrait of a Silver Lining' -- a performance poetry music video featuring a young Indian poet named – -- Simar Singh
 Which is the first animation film co-produced by India and Japan and released in 1993? -- 'Ramayana: The Legend of Prince Rama'
 Which Indian ship building company recently launched a survey vessel for Indian Navy -‘INS Nirdeshak’? -- Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers Ltd.
 At which place India’s first ‘Lavendar Festival’ was organized recently? -- Bhaderwah (Doda District, J&K)
 Which is the first major metropolitan city in India to make a detailed biodiversity register - People’s Biodiversity Register (PBR) - which details flora and fauna forms within the city as well as its land uses and human activities? -- Kolkata
 Who recently resigned as president of Indian Olympic Association? -- Narinder Batra
 Which Indian Government Officer has been made the chair of the World Trade Organisation’s Committee on Technical Barriers on Trade? -- Anwar Hussain Shaik
 Who is the only actor in the world to have 8 films officially selected and screened at the Cannes Film Festival and recently won an award for ‘Excellence in Cinema’ at the French Riviera Film Festival? -- Nawazuddin Siddiqui
 Which Indian long jumper, a Tokyo Olympian, and the national record holder (8.36m) won the gold medal at the 12th International Jumping Meeting in Kallithea, Greece? -- Murali Sreeshankar
 The Reserve Bank of India has allowed bypassing of which mechanism to help Indian traders to transact with crisis-hit Sri Lanka in Indian rupee? -- Asian Clearing Union (ACU)
 Who will head the Supreme Court appointed 3-member Committee of Administrators (CoA) to manage affairs of All India Football Federation (AIFF)? -- A.R. Dave
 Which exploration and production (E&P) company in India recently became first to trade domestic gas on Indian Gas Exchange? -- ONGC
 Name the Supercomputer inaugurated recently at NIT Tiruchirappalli under Phase-2 of National Supercomputing Mission (NSM)? -- PARAM PORUL
 The government of which state has announced to create 'Luv-Kush Vatikayen' in each district to promote eco-tourism? -- Rajasthan
 To prepare a report on the status of which river in West Bengal, the Eastern Zonal Bench of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has constituted a committee? -- Adi Ganga
 Which country hosted the 7th BRICS Culture Ministers’ Meeting? -- China
 On which two crude edible oils, the Union Government allowed duty-free import of 20 lakh tonnes each for this year as well as 2023-24 to cool inflation? -- Crude Soyabean Oil and Crude Sunflower Oil
 To tame inflation, export of which commodity has been restricted recently to 10 million tonnes? -- Sugar
 What is the theme of seventy-fifth World Health Assembly being organised in Geneva, Switzerland, from 22-28 May 2022? -- ‘Health for Peace, Peace for Health’
 Which group from India is among the six winners for the World Health Organisation (WHO) Director General's 'Global Health Leaders' awards? -- ASHA (Accredited Social Health Activist) Workers
 India is placed at which position in the medal table after the 2022 Archery World Cup (Stage-2) held in Gwangju (South Korea)? -- 2nd
 For which Grand Slam event of this year, the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) and Women's Tennis Association (WTA) will not award ranking points over its governing body’s ban on players from Russia and Belarus over the invasion of Ukraine? -- Wimbledon
 Under the theme, 'Working Together, Restoring Trust', the World Economic Forum's (WEF) Annual Meeting 2022 will take place from May 22 to 26, 2022 in - -- Davos, Switzerland
 With the theme “Rising up from drought together” which country will host the Desertification and Drought Day on 17th June 2022? -- Spain
 In which state ‘Nechiphu Tunnel’ is being constructed by the Border Road Organisation (BRO)? -- Arunachal Pradesh
 From which date the policy to introduce 20% ethanol in petrol will take effect? -- April 1, 2023
 The Union Cabinet approved amendments to the National Policy on Biofuels, 2018, to advance the date by which fuel companies have to increase the percentage of ethanol in petrol to 20%, from 2030 to- -- 2025
 Who has been appointed as the next Ambassador of India to Nepal? -- Naveen Srivastava
 Which two Nordic countries recently submitted their application to join NATO? -- Finland and Sweden
 In which state Bhimlat waterfall is located? -- Rajasthan
 In which minor edict, Ashoka describes his visit in the 21st year of his reign, and mentions Lumbini as the birthplace of the Buddha? -- Rummindei Edict
 Which temple in Lumbini, Nepal - is the birth place of Gautam Buddha? -- Mayadevi Temple
 Which business house recently became second largest cement player in India next only to UltraTech Cement of the Aditya Birla Group after acquiring Switzerland-based Holcim Ltd.’s entire stake in Ambuja Cements Ltd. and ACC Ltd.? -- Adani Group
 Up to what percent (from the current 6%), the Fair and Average Quality (FAQ) of wheat with shrivelled and broken grains has been relaxed by the Centre to allow FCI to procure wheat in Punjab and Haryana including UT of Chandigarh for central pool without any value cut? -- 18%
 Who replaced Biplab Kumar Deb and became the 11th Chief Minister of Tripura? -- Dr. Manik Saha
 Who has been appointed as the President of the UAE after the demise of Sheikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan? -- Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan
 Who is the most successful female climber of Mount Everest (reached the summit of the world’s highest peak 10 times)? -- Lhakpa Sherpa
 Who has won presidential election of the Philippines and will succeed Rodrigo Duterte? -- Ferdinand Marcos Jr.
 Which Indian Chess player has been nominated for the post of deputy president of FIDE, the governing body for chess, by the incumbent president Arkady Dvorkovich? -- Viswanathan Anand
 Name the President of the UAE and ruler of Abu Dhabi who passed away on 13 April 2022? -- Sheikh Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan
 Which plant’s seeds were recently successfully germinated in lunar soil samples brought back from NASA’s Apollo 11, 12, and 17 missions, by University of Florida biologists? -- Arabidopsis thaliana
 What is the name of a new book based on a diary of Kasturba Gandhi and written by her great-grandson Tushar Gandhi? -- "The Lost Diary of Kastur, My Ba"
 In which village of Maharashtra, Babasaheb Ambedkar and Chhatrapati Shahu Maharaj held the first joint conference against untouchability on March 21, 1920? -- Mangaon
 Which two villages of Maharashtra recently passed resolution to ban age-old rituals related to widowhood? -- Herwad and Mangaon
 Which is the first in Asia country to join NATO’s Cooperative Cyber Defence Centre of Excellence (CCDCOE), a cyber defence hub founded in Tallinn, Estonia? -- South Korea
 What is the target for National Highways construction in 2022-23 at a record speed of 50km per day? -- 18,000 km
 Who have been declared ICC Player of the Month (April 2022) in Men’s & Women’s category respectively? -- Keshav Maharaj (South Africa), Alyssa Healy (Australia)
 Which country has been elected as the new Chair of the Association of Asian Election Authorities (AAEA) for 2022-2024? -- India
 For which book, West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee was awarded the Bangla Academy Award for her "relentless literary pursuit" introduced this year by Sahitya Academy? -- "Kabita Bitan"
 On 10th May 2022, who took office as the first-ever female president of Hungary?- -- Katalin Novak
 On which day in 1857, the first major and large-scale rebellion (also known as First War of Independence) against the East India Company started at Meerut? -- 10 May
 Who recently replaced Moon Jae-in to become the 13th President of South Korea? -- Yoon Suk-yeol
 Who recently climbed Mt Everest, the tallest peak in the world for the record 26th time? -- Kami Rita Sherpa
 Who has recently became the first Indian woman to climb 5 peaks above 8000m? -- Priyanka Mohite
 In which state the Poumai Community – second largest Naga tribe has designated the Poumai-inhabited territories as a ‘drug/poppy cultivation free zone’; as part of the state government’s War-On-Drugs campaign? -- Manipur
 Which state plans to roll out ‘Ojan Utsav’ (weight fair) to improve nutrition parameters for children across the state and closely monitor their growth? -- Odisha
 On which sports journalist, the BCCI has imposed a two-year ban for bullying senior wicket-keeper Wriddhiman Saha? -- Boria Majumdar
 Who has equalled Stephen Hendry's modern-day record of seven snooker World Championship titles by beating Judd Trump recently? -- Ronnie O'Sullivan
 Which state is going to establish India's first Tribal Health Observatory (TriHOb) that will perform systematic observation on disease burden, health-seeking behaviour and healthcare delivery system pertaining to tribal health? -- Odisha
 Except seed for which crop there is availability of additional seeds to meet the requirement of the upcoming Kharif season (2022-23)? -- Soybean
 What is the foodgrain production target for 2022-23 crop year that was announced recently at the National Conference on Agriculture: Kharif Campaign 2022? -- 328 million tonnes
 Recently, which of the Fast-Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) Companies in India recorded a massive turnover of Rs 1 lakh crore?  -- Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC)
 In which state India's first greenfield grain-based ethanol plant has been inaugurated? -- Bihar (Ganeshpur, near Parora in Purnia district)
 Which is a new wheat variety, developed by Researchers at the Punjab Agricultural University (PAU) with excellent baking quality having soft and sweet chapatis has been released at state level in Punjab for cultivation? -- ‘PBW1Chapati’
 Which initiative of the Meghalaya government’s Planning Department has won the coveted UN Award – World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) Forum Prizes 2022? -- “e-Proposal System”
 In which state, India’s first ‘Amrit Sarovar’ – an initiative under which 75 water bodies will be developed and rejuvenated in each district - has been completed in Rampur’s Gram Panchayat Patwai? -- Uttar Pradesh
 What is the rank of India in military spending according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI)? -- 3rd
 Which reservoir in Tiruppur district (Tamil Nadu) will be the state’s 17th bird sanctuary? -- Nanjarayan Tank
 Who has been reelected as the President of France in the recently-concluded presidential elections? -- Emmanuel Macron
 Who has been appointed as the Vice Chairman of Niti Aayog, after the resignation of Rajiv Kumar? -- Suman Bery
 Which country is going to host the 24th Summer Deaflympics? -- Brazil
 Babu Veer Kunwar Singh belonged to which dynasty of the Parmar Rajputs of Jagdishpur, a part of present-day Bhojpur district in Bihar? -- Ujjayini Dynasty
 Who were voted winners of the Laureus Awards 2022 in Sportsman and Sportswoman category respectively? -- Max Verstappen, Elaine Thompson-Herah
 Anganwadi workers and helpers are entitled to which basic social security measure, according to a recent Supreme Court ruling? -- Gratuity
 Which two hydroelectric projects over river Chenab, for which foundation stone was laid by the Prime Minister recently, Pakistan has objected claiming it a “direct contravention” of the Indus Waters Treaty? -- Rattle and Kwar Hydroelectric Projects
 Which is the first panchayat in the country to become carbon-neutral, fully powered by solar energy? -- Palli (Samba District, J& K)
 Which state observes ‘Khongjom Day’ every year on the 23rd of April remembering its gallant warriors who made supreme sacrifice fighting against the British to protect the freedom of their state? -- Manipur
 Which two countries both assert sovereignty over the Falkland Islands, an archipelago in the South Atlantic Ocean that was recently in news?  -- The United Kingdom and Argentina
 In which physiographic region of Himalaya, Banihal-Qazigund Road Tunnel is located, that was recently inaugurated by the Prime Minister of India? -- Lesser Himalaya
 Which mission has been launched by the Prime Minister on Panchayati Raj Day that is aimed at developing and rejuvenating 75 water bodies in each district of the country? -- 'Amrit Sarovar Mission'
 Which is a fortified settlement excavated by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) in Odisha’s Kalahandi district, ascertained to be the oldest among the major fortified settlements in the State? -- Asurgarh
 Which portal has been developed by the Ministry of Roads, Transport and Highways to speed up accident compensation claims? -- ‘e-DAR’ (e-Detailed Accident Report)
 Which is the first state in the country to install L-Route server for uninterrupted internet services? -- Rajasthan
 Name the President of the European Commission who will visit India during April 24-25 and expected to participate in the annual Raisina Dialogue? -- Ursula Von Der Leyen
 Which Act has replaced the Identification of Prisoners Act, 1920 with empowering the police to obtain physical and biological samples of convicts and those accused of crimes? -- The Criminal Procedure (Identification) Act, 2022
 Name the country's first community radio station set up by the Banaskantha District Cooperative Milk Producers' Union that will connect over five lakh dairy farmers across 1,700 villages in Gujarat? -- Dudh Vani
 Which scheme has been selected for Prime Minister’s Award for Excellence in Public Administration 2020 under the category “Innovation (General) – Central”? -- UDAN (Ude Deshka Aam Nagrik)
 Which country will host BRICS Summit 2022? -- China
 IIT Madras researchers have launched the country’s first Made-in-India polycentric prosthetic knee called  -- ‘Kadam’
 Which state is organizing the 75th edition of Santosh Trophy? -- Kerala
 The government of which state has sent a fresh proposal to the Archaeological Survey of India to get the 40 km long Cyclopean wall, a more than 2,500 years old structure to be listed in the UNESCO World Heritage Site? -- Bihar
 Who has been appointed as brand ambassador for Karnataka Brain Health Initiative (Ka-BHI) launched by the State Government in association with NIMHANS and Niti Ayog? -- Robin Uthappa
 The 38th Siachen Day was observed on  -- 13 April
 Who have been named ‘ICC Players of the Month’ for March 2022 in men’s and women’s category respectively? -- Babar Azam (Pakistan), Rachael Haynes (Australia)
 Which South American country has become the first country to recognise the legal rights of individual wild animals? -- Ecuador
 Who has been selected for the inaugural Lata Deenanath Mangeshkar Award, instituted in the honour and memory of legendary singer Late Lata Mangeshkar? -- Narendra Modi
 Who has been appointed as India’s Chief G20 Coordinator? -- Harsh Vardhan Shringla (India’s Foreign Secretary)
 Which country will host the Commonwealth Games in 2026?  -- Australia
 World Art Day is observed on – -- 15 April
 Name the 1st president of Tanzania, an anti-colonial activist, on whose 100th birth anniversary Prime Minister Narendra Modi has paid tributes? -- Julius Kambarage Nyerere
 At which place the 3rd Marshal of Air Force Arjan Singh Memorial Hockey tournament to be held from 18 to 23 April? -- Chandigarh
 Which country will host the Street Child Cricket World Cup in 2023? -- India
 Who has become the second Indian and after Virat Kohli and seventh batter overall to score 10 thousand runs in the T20 cricket? -- Rohit Sharma
 Which Indian Grandmaster won the prestigious Reykjavik Open chess tournament held in Reykjajvik, Iceland? -- R Pragganandhaa
 Which tropical storm recently devastated the Philippines? --  Megi
 Who has been reappointed as the Chairperson of National Commission for Minorities? -- S. Iqbal Singh Lalpura
 Name the Bengali author who has been awarded this year’s O. Henry prize for his short story 'Gaonburo', written 45 years ago? -- Amar Mitra
 Who has been elected as 23rd Prime Minister of Pakistan? -- Shehbaz Sharif
 The Govt. of which state, since 2018, in association with the Ministry of Culture, is organizing Madhavpur Ghed Fair every year to celebrate the sacred union of Lord Krishna and Rukmini? -- Gujarat
 Which Indian player has won two gold medals in squash at WSF World Doubles Championships held at Glasgow? -- Dipika Pallikal Karthik
 According to RBI guidelines, all Domestic Scheduled Commercial Banks can apply for establishing Digital Banking Units except  -- Regional Rural Banks, Payments Banks and Local Area Banks
 At which place in Banaskantha District of Gujarat, Indo-Pak border viewing point has been inaugurated under ‘Seema Darshan Project’? -- Nadabet
 Which initiative has been launched by the Chinar Corps in collaboration with J&K administration and civil society to bring the misguided youth back to normal life and provide them counseling with expert mentors? -- ‘Sahi Raasta’
 Who is the author of the book titled “NOT JUST A NIGHTWATCHMAN: My Innings in the BCCI”? -- Vinod Rai (Former CAG)
 In which tiger reserve, for the first time, National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) Meeting (20th) was recently organized outside Delhi?  -- Pakke Tiger Reserve (Arunachal Pradesh)
 In which state ‘One Health’ pilot project has been launched by the Department of Animal Husbandry and Dairying? -- Uttarakhand
 Who was awarded Chameli Devi Jain Award for Outstanding Woman Mediaperson 2021? -- Aarefa Johari
 In which state Sarhul (worship of trees) festival - that marks the beginning of New Year - is celebrated by the Oraon, the Munda and the Ho tribes? -- Jharkhand
 Which state has the highest unemployment rate at 26.7 per cent according to the data from the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE)? -- Haryana
 Which state has been ranked first with the lowest unemployment rate in the country according to the latest data released by the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy (CMIE)? -- Chhattisgarh
 Who is the author of the book “Birsa Munda – Janjatiya Nayak”? -- Prof. Alok Chakrawal
 Which state is going to host the 75th National Football Championship for Santosh Trophy? -- Kerala
 NTPC has inked a pact with which natural gas distribution company, to blend Green Hydrogen with piped natural gas (PNG) - an initiative first in the country? -- Gujarat Gas Ltd.
 Name the mascot launched by the Union Ministry of Environment, Forest & Climate Change to spread awareness about small changes that can be sustainably adopted in our lifestyle for a better environment? -- ‘Prakriti’
 Which was the first country to be suspended from the UN Human Rights Council prior to Russia – whose membership rights stripped on 7th April 2022 for human rights abuses in Ukraine? -- Libya
 What is the IUCN conservation status of Indian tent turtle (a freshwater species) that is listed in Schedule –I of the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972 and is provided the highest degree of protection? -- Least Concern
 Who recently became the first Black woman to become justice of the United States (US) Supreme Court? -- Ketanji Brown Jackson
 Who is the author of the book “Crunch Time: Narendra Modi’s National Security Crises”? -- Sreeram Chaulia
 Who has been appointed as the first independent expert for human rights and climate change by the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC)? -- Dr Ian Fry
 Which Indian musician won his second Grammy in the Best New Age Album category at the 64th Grammy Awards? -- Ricky Kej
 Which Indian-American singer won Grammy Award 2022 for ‘A Colorful World’ in the Best Children's Album category? -- Falguni Shah
 Which vaccine maker from India has been selected to receive mRNA technology from the World Health Organisation technology transfer hub? -- Biological E.
 Which country, the current BIMSTEC chair, will host the 5th BIMSTEC Summit on 30 March 2022 in virtual mode? -- Sri Lanka
 What was the theme of the 'Earth Hour 2022' observed on 26th March 2022? -- 'Shape Our Future'
 In which city India’s first Artificial Intelligence & Robotics Technology Park (ARTPARK) has been launched? -- Bengaluru
 Which astronaut recently broke the single spaceflight record by an American of 340 days held by Scott Kelly? -- Mark Thomas Vande Hei
 In which city India’s first Digital Water Bank ‘AQVERIUM’ has been launched? -- Bengaluru
 Who recently became the first-ever Indian wicket-keeper to win Player of the Series Award along with becoming the first-ever Indian wicket-keeper to break into the top 10 ICC rankings? -- Rishabh Pant
 Who have been voted as the ICC 'Player of the Month' for February 2022 in Men’s and Women’s category respectively? -- Shreyas Iyer (India) and Amelia Kerr (New Zealand)
 Russia recently overtook which country to become the most sanctioned country in the world? -- Iran
 The Govt. of which state has launched ‘Kaushalya Matritva Yojana’ under that financial assistance of Rs 5000 will be given to women on the birth of second girl child? -- Chhattisgarh
 In which city a literature festival ‘Sahityotsav’ is being organized from 10th to 15th March 2022 by Sahitya Akademi under Union Ministry of Culture? -- New Delhi
 The 53rd Raising Day ceremony of Central Industrial Security Forces (CISF) was recently organised on – -- 6 March, 2022
 Who recently became the only third cricketer and first woman to appear at six Cricket World Cups after Sachin Tendulkar and Javed Miandad? -- Mithali Raj
 What was the rank of India out of 55 countries on the latest International Intellectual Property Index, compiled by the US Chambers of Commerce? -- 43
 Which city will host the 9th World Ocean Summit from 1 - 4 March 2022? -- Lisbon (Portugal)
 Hemananda Biswal was former chief minister of which state, who passed away on 25 February 2022? -- Odisha
 To mark the 100th birth anniversary of which Indian painter - who lived and worked in France from 1950 until his death - the India Post has recently released a Special Cover? -- Sayed Haider Raza
 Under which Act the Union Home Ministry has declared Delhi headquarters of Security Printing and Minting Corporation of India Ltd. (SPMCIL) as a ‘prohibited place’ recently? -- Official Secrets Act, 1923
 In which state of India you will primarily find the people from Nocte tribe - an ethnic Naga tribe? -- Arunachal Pradesh
 Which is 100th district of the country to be covered under ‘Har Ghar Jal’ initiative? -- Chamba (Himachal Pradesh)
 What is the name of naval air defense system of Israel that was recently tested successfully? -- C-Dome
 Which two regions of Ukraine have been recognised by Russia as new independent countries? -- Donetsk and Luhansk
 Bhulah Valley is located in which state, where its first biodiversity park has been set up? -- Himachal Pradesh
 Anji is a tributary of which river, over that the Indian Railways is constructing country’s first cable-stayed bridge in Jammu and Kashmir? -- Chenab River
 Which Corona vaccine, manufactured by Biologicals E Ltd. has been approved by the Drugs Controller General of India (DCGI) for children in the age group of 12 to 18 years? -- Corbevax
 Which Indian chess player is the youngest in the world and third Indian to beat world no.1, Magnus Carlsen? -- R Praggnanandhaa
 Which country won highest medals in the recently concluded 2022 Beijing Winter Olympic Games? -- Norway
 Who is the author of the book “A History of Sriniketan: Rabindranath Tagore’s Pioneering Work in Rural Construction”? -- Uma Das Gupta
 Who has been appointed as first National Maritime Security Coordinator? -- G Ashok Kumar (Former Navy Vice chief)
 With the theme ‘Towards a Resilient Planet: Ensuring a Sustainable and Equitable Future', which organization is organizing the World Sustainable Development Summit (WSDS) in Delhi from 16 -18 February 2022? -- The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI)
 Who have been declared ‘ICC Players of the Month’ for January 2022 in Men’s and Women’s category respectively? -- Keegan Petersen (South Africa), Heather Knight (England)
 Which state has the maximum number of households electrified through the solar-based standalone system under the Saubhagya scheme? -- Rajasthan
 By which year India will achieve zero-diesel use in agriculture and replace fossil fuel with renewable energy - according to Union Power Minister RK Singh? -- 2024
 Who has been appointed as the chairman of Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE)? -- Vineet Joshi
 What is the name of the radio channel launched in the Central Jail of Indore? --  ‘Jail Vaani-FM 18.77’
 From 12th February 2022, the Government of India has reduced the agri-cess for Crude Palm Oil (CPO) from 7.5% to  -- 5%
 Who has been appointed as Chairman, Staff Selection Commission (SSC)? --  S. Kishore
 Name the documentary that chronicles the rise of ‘Khabar Lahariya’, India’s only newspaper run by Dalit women - has been nominated in the Best Documentary Feature category at the 94th edition of the Academy Awards? -- “Writing With Fire”
 Which country organised ‘One Ocean Summit’ from 9-11 February, 2022 in Brest, in cooperation with the United Nations and the World Bank? -- France
 Who has recently been declared President of Burkina Faso? -- Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba
 Which French scientist - credited with discovering HIV in 1983 – passed away recently? -- Luc Montagnier
 Who has recently been appointed as the Chief Justice of Madras High Court? -- Munishwar Nath Bhandari
 Which communication satellite was decommissioned by India on January 24, 2022? -- INSAT-4B
 Which Bollywood actor has been appointed as the Brand Ambassador of Uttarakhand? -- Akshay Kumar
 Who is the first woman functional director on the board of Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), the nation's largest oil refining and fuel marketing company? -- Sukla Mistry
 Who is the first woman to be appointed as Vice Chancellor of Jawaharlal Nehru University? -- Santishree Pandit
 Under which initiative a partnership of Atal Innovation Mission (AIM), NITI Aayog, and the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) aim to improve healthcare for vulnerable populations in tier-2 and tier-3 cities, and rural and tribal regions? -- Sustainable Access to Markets and Resources for Innovative Delivery of Healthcare (SAMRIDH)
 Who has been appointed as the director of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC)? -- Dr. S. Unnikrishnan Nair
 Which operation has been launched by the Indian Railway Protection Force to curb human trafficking? -- “Operation AAHT”
 Name the strongest tropical cyclone worldwide in 2022 thus far to strike Madagascar, and the second of tropical cyclones to impact Madagascar in the 2021–22 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season after Tropical Storm Ana? -- Batsirai
 It’s the spot in the Pacific Ocean farthest away from land in any direction where NASA has planned to dump International Space Station in 2031 -- Point Nemo
 Name the poet who had penned - Ae Mere Watan Ke Logon – that gave popularity to Lata Mangeshkar and on his birthday Lata Mangeshkar passed away on 6th February? -- Kavi Pradeep
 Who is the author of the book 'Golden Boy Neeraj Chopra'? -- Navdeep Gill
 Who was the captain of the Indian men’s U-19 cricket team that won the ICC U-19 Cricket World Cup 2022? -- Yash Dhull
 In which city foundation stone was laid for the world’s third largest cricket stadium? -- Jaipur
 In which state 'Statue of Equality' was recently inaugurated to commemorate 11th-century Bhakti Saint Sri Ramanujacharya? -- Telangana
 Who has been appointed as the director of the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT)?  -- Dinesh Prasad Saklani
 Name the supercomputer installed at the Indian Institute of Science (IISc), Bangalore, largest in an Indian academic institution, under National Supercomputing Mission? -- Param Pravega
 Which short film won the first prize in a competition organised by the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) in January 2022 with a strong message on right to education? -- 'Street Student'
 In which state/UT Torgya Festival of the Monpa tribal community is celebrated at Tawang Monastery? -- Arunachal Pradesh
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI)? -- Ravi Mittal
 Which sector contributed over 50% to GDP according to the Economic Survey 2021-22? -- Services
 According to the Economic Survey 2021-22, in real terms, growth of Indian economy in 2021-2022 is expected at - -- 9.2 percent
 The Economic Survey 2022 projected the GDP growth at around what percent for the next fiscal year (FY23)? -- 8-8.5%
 Which Indian player won Tata Steel Chess 2022 Challengers and will be playing in the Masters section in the next Tata Steel Chess tournament? -- Arjun Erigaisi
 Who won the Tata Steel Chess Tournament 2022 in Masters’ section which was held in Wijk aan Zee, Netherlands? -- Magnus Carlsen
 What is the central theme of Economic Survey 2021-22? --  “Agile Approach”
 Which IPL franchise has become the country's first sports unicorn, with its market cap touching a high of Rs. 7,600 crore (more than $1 billion)? -- Chennai Super Kings (CSK)
 Vice Admiral Kay-Achim Schönbach was the navy chief of which country, who recently resigned after his remarks “Crimean Peninsula will ‘never come back’ to Ukraine following its annexation by Russia in 2014” – caused consternation in European security circles? -- Germany
 Which former Zimbabwe batsman is facing a ban from the International Cricket Council (ICC) after admitting he received a $15,000 "deposit" for spot-fixing, though he said he was blackmailed and never went through with the arrangement? -- Brendan Taylor
 Which ‘operation’ is being carried out by the ‘Border Security Force’ to bolster its surveillance along the Pakistan border in Rajasthan from January 23 to 28 to check the instances of infiltration due to the dense fog cover in the region and increase security on the border areas in Jaisalmer, Rajasthan? -- “Operation Sard Hawa”
 For which sports, Chris Walker has been approved by the Sports Ministry as a Foreign Coach for the Indian team for the forthcoming Asian Games? -- Squash
 In which city, India’s first para-badminton academy has been set up? -- Lucknow
 Name the plant-based meat company that has roped in Neeraj Chopra as its brand ambassador? -- GoodDot
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman and Managing Director of Air India Limited?  -- Vikram Dev Dutt
 Who is the author of the book titled “Bose: The Untold Story of An Inconvenient Nationalist”?  -- Chandrachur Ghose
 The Police Department of which state has started the process to root out non-Hindi words being used by the state police department to simplify the language?  -- Madhya Pradesh
 After Delta and Omicron variants, a new coronavirus strain ‘Deltacron’ has been found in- -- Cyprus
 Which State Government has launched the scheme "I am Udaan" to provide each girl and woman in the state with free sanitary napkins, no matter how remote their dwelling is? -- Rajasthan
 What is the procedure called, that involves the transplantation, implantation, or infusion into a human recipient of live cells, tissues, or organs from a non-human animal source? -- Xenotransplantation
 Who is the first Indian to claim the world no 1 ranking in the under-19 girls singles in the latest BWF (Badminton World Federation) junior rankings? -- Tasnim Mir
 In Assam, the first day of Magh Bihu, signifying the end of the harvesting season as well the Pausha month is known as – -- Uruka
 Who has received the Guinness World Records certificate for being the youngest person to climb two higher 8000ers mountains - Mt. Everest in 2010 and summit Lhotse in May 2011? -- Arjun Vajpai
 The Kalinga Literary Festival (KLF), Odisha has decided to launch which event to strengthen dialogue among languages and literature within India and beyond? -- Bhasha Utsav
 Who will head the special probe panel to investigate the security lapse during Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visit to Punjab? -- Indu Malhotra (Former Supreme Court judge)
 Who has become India’s 73rd Chess GM? -- Bharath Subramaniyam
 Who has been appointed as chairman of the Indian Council of Historical Research (ICHR)? -- Raghuvendra Tanwar
 Who is the author of veteran industrialist and philanthropist Ratan Tata’s authorized biography titled ‘Ratan N. Tata: The Authorized Biography’? -- Dr. Thomas Matthew
 In which city, India’s first Open Rock Museum has been inaugurated, that has around 35 different varieties of rocks from different parts of India with ages ranging from 3.3 billion yrs. to around 55 million yrs.? -- Hyderabad
 Which was the summer capital of British Government before it was moved to Shimla? -- Murree (in present day Pakistan)
 Which is the highest peak in the Galápagos Islands that erupted recently? -- Mount Whiton (Wolf Volcano)
 India’s first IVF calf of which dwarf cattle breed was born recently in Maharashtra's Ahmednagar? -- Punganur
 At what per cent India’s gross domestic product (GDP) is expected to grow in the current financial year according to the first advance estimates of economic output by National Statistical Office (NSO)? -- by 9.2%
 Which State/UT got national level awards for Covid-19 Management & Panchayat Development Index at 24th National Conference on e-Governance held at Hyderabad? -- J&K
 Who has achieved the first-ever Guinness World Record in Numerology and the first world record of 2022? -- JC Chaudhry
 Who has been appointed as the DG of National Mission for Clean Ganga? -- G Asok Kumar
 Who is the author of the book “The Kashmir Conundrum: The Quest for Peace in a Troubled Land”? -- Gen. Nirmal Chander Vij (retd.)
 In which city of Uttar Pradesh foundation was laid recently to manufacture BrahMos cruise missile? -- Lucknow
 What is the name of the semi high-speed railway project being constructed in Kerala? -- Silver Line
 What is the name of the programme launched by India to prevent wastage of medical oxygen? -- National Oxygen Stewardship Programme
 Which animal was recently spotted for the first time in Madhya Pradesh’s Panna Tiger Reserve (PTR)?  -- Indian Desert Cat
 Recently, the Prime Minister has set up a 53-member committee to mark the 150th birth anniversary of spiritual leader on 15th August 2022. -- Sri Aurobindo Ghose
 What is the name of the 40-day period of harsh winter in Kashmir that begins December 21 and ends on January 31?  -- Chillai Kalan
 Recently, in which of the state the Supreme Court allowed to hold the traditional bullock cart racing event, which has been prohibited since 2017? -- Maharashtra
 Class of guided missile destroyers, an improved variant of the Kolkata-class destroyers, that is being built by Mazagon Dock Limited (MDL) for the Indian Navy -- Project 15B
 What is the name of the Bhutan’s highest civilian award, conferred to the the Prime Minister of India? -- Order of the Druk Gyalpo(Ngadag Pel gi Khorlo)
 When is the International Human Solidarity Day observed? -- 20th December
 Who has recently been elected as the new President of Chile? -- Gabriel Boric
 In which of the Indian State, Hornbill Festival is celebrated every year in the month of the December?  -- Nagaland
 What is the name of the method to demolish the tall buildings? -- Waterfall Implosion
 What is the name of portable app-linked device created by the Indian Institute of Technology (Kanpur) for soil testing?  -- Bhu parikshak
 India’s first Green Hydrogen based Energy Storage Project has been propose to be established at  -- Simhadri in Visakhapatnam (Andhra Pradesh)
 What is the theme of the “International Universal Health Coverage Day” 2021?  -- Leave No One’s Health Behind: Invest in Health Systems for All
 What is the name of the Telugu epic poem composed by Krishnadevaraya of Vijayanagar Empire, which describes the story of wedding of the Hindu Lord Ranganayaka an avatar of Lord Vishnu and Goda Devi also known as Andal?  -- Amuktamalyada
 Recently, which country in the Middle East has banned the Tablighi Jamaat, terming it a "danger to society" and "one of the gates of terrorism"? -- Saudi Arabia
 Which type of flu viruses are capable of infecting animals, although it is more common for people to suffer the ailments associated with this type of flu? -- Type A flu or influenza A viruses
 Trafficking in human beings and forced labour is prohibited under which Article of the Indian Constitution? -- Article 23 (1)
 Who has recently been crowned Miss Universe? -- Harnaaz Sandhu
 What is the name of joint effort of National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and the Italian Space Agency to study the most extreme and mysterious objects in the universe – supernova remnants, supermassive black holes, and dozens of other high-energy objects.? -- Imaging X-ray Polarimetry Explorer (IXPE)
 What is the name of the proteins that assist in the folding of newly synthesized polypeptide chains? -- Chaperones
 Which cultural body organizes ‘Deshaj’ festival all over the country to protect and preserve the tribal art and culture? -- Sangeet Natak Akademi
 Who has been appointed as the President of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI)? -- Sanjiv Mehta
 Who is the author of the book titled ‘The Midway Battle: Modi’s Roller-coaster Second Term’? -- Gautam Chintamani
 Which country won the Davis Cup 2021 by beating Croatia in the final held at Madrid? -- Russia
 Which Wetland was most recently recognised as India’s 47th Ramsar site? -- Haiderpur Wetland (UP)
 Who is the current chairman of India Tourism Development Corporation (ITDC)? -- Sambit Patra
 Who has been appointed as the new Chairman of the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC)? -- Vivek Johri
 Which state has left behind Maharashtra to become the country's leading manufacturing hub, according latest Gross Value Addition (GVA) data in manufacturing - an economic metric that measures the supply of goods and services in an economy - from the Reserve Bank of India (RBI)? -- Gujarat
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF)? -- Atul Karwal
 Who has been appointed as the chairperson of NHAI? -- Alka Upadhyaya
 Who recently became the 16th Indian to make a century on a Test debut? -- Shreyas Iyer
 The Ministry of Ayush has decided to re-examine the use of which herb in Ayurveda, Siddha and Unani drugs by constituting an expert group after its use was barred in ASU drugs on October 6, 2021? -- Ashwagandha (Withania somnifera)
 What is the order of precedence of ‘Vir Chakra’ in wartime gallantry awards that was recently conferred to Abhinandan Varthaman? -- Third (after the Param Vir Chakra and Maha Vir Chakra)
 At which village of Manipur a Handloom Village will be set up? -- Moirang
 Which is the first novel written by Union Minister Smriti Irani? -- “Lal Salaam: A Novel”
 The Police Force of which State has topped the IPF Smart Policing Index 2021 released by Indian Police Foundation (IPF) among 29 states and Union Territories? -- Andhra Pradesh
 A new tree species of the genus Cryptocarya spotted in Edamalakkudy in Idukki district has been named after which tribe from the locality? -- Muthuvar
 Which Police Station was ranked best police station across the country this year by the Union Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA)? -- Sadar Bazar Police Station (Delhi)
 Who will be conferred the ‘Indian Film Personality of the Year Award’ for 2021 at IFFI 2021, Goa? -- Ms Hema Malini and Shri Prasoon Joshi
 Which news agency will open a permanent bureau on the International Space Station (ISS)? -- TASS (Russia)
 Who replaced Anil Kumble as cricket committee chairman of ICC that oversees the playing conditions and regulations of the game? -- Sourav Ganguly
 Who has been appointed as UN Resident Coordinator in India by UN Secretary General Guterres? --  Shombi Sharp
 Which country will host the T20 World Cup in 2022? -- Australia
 Which body will replace National Water Development Agency (NWDA) and will function as an umbrella body for all river linking projects, on which the Centre is in the process? -- National Interlinking of Rivers Authority (NIRA)
 Who has been appointed as the next head of National Cricket Academy (NCA)? -- VVS Laxman
 Which day (first edition) was observed on 16th November 2021 to mark the historic origins of the institution of CAG and the contribution made by it to the governance, transparency and accountability? -- Audit Diwas
 In which district of Jharkhand ‘Ulihatu’ village is located - the birthplace of Bhagwan Birsa Munda? -- Khunti
 Which is the first Indian two-wheeler and three-wheeler manufacturer to be a part of UN Global Compact, a voluntary initiative based on CEO commitments to implement universal sustainability principles? -- TVS Motor Company
 The Centre has brought an ordinance to extend the tenure of Director of the Enforcement Directorate up to 5 years; under which Act the Director of the ED is appointed? -- Central Vigilance Commission Act, 2003
 The Centre has brought an ordinance to extend the tenure of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) director up to 5 years; under which Act the Director of the CBI is appointed? -- Delhi Special Police Establishment Act of 1946 (Section 4A)
 Which Vidarbha bowler bowled 4 maidens and produced figures of 4-4-0-2 against Manipur in a Syed Mushtaq Ali T20 Trophy to break the world record for most economical figures in an innings in T20 cricket? -- Akshay Karnewar
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF)? -- Atul Karwal
 Who has been appointed as the Director General of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF)? -- Sheel Vardhan Singh
 Which portal on electric vehicles (EVs) was launched at COP26 that has been developed and hosted by NITI Aayog under a collaborative knowledge exchange programme with the UK government and as part of the UK–India Joint Roadmap 2030? -- E-Amrit
 Who has been appointed as the next Chief of the Naval Staff by the Government of India with effect from November 30, 2021 after the retirement of Admiral Karambir Singh? -- Vice Admiral R Hari Kumar
 Which two states ranked first and second respectively in the State Energy Efficiency Index 2020, released by the Union Ministry of Power recently? -- Karnataka, Rajasthan
 Which state is ‘Partner State’ in this year’s India International Trade Fair (IITF)? -- Bihar
 Which two states are ‘Focus States’ in this year’s India International Trade Fair (IITF) to be held at Pragati Maidan, New Delhi from 14th of November to 27th November? -- Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand
 Who is the director of the film 'Backstage,' a film on the life and struggles of puppeteers in Odisha?  -- Lipika Singh Darai
 Which is the only State in India where all four forms of puppetry — glove, string, rod, and shadow — are practiced?  -- Odisha
 Which institution in Kerala that teaches South Indian art forms has for the first time in its history of 90 years, admitted girl students in of Kathakali?  -- Kerala Kalamandalam Deemed University of Art and Culture
 In which state India’s largest aromatic garden, with over 140 fragrant plant species was inaugurated recently?  -- Uttarakhand (Lalkuan, Nainital District)
 Which city is hosting the second edition of the National Tribal Dance Festival?  -- Raipur (Chhattisgarh)
 Indian Coast Guard Ship ‘Sarthak’ is built by which ship-building company that was commissioned and dedicated to the nation on October 28, 2021?  -- Goa Shipyard Limited
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of newly constituted development finance institution - National Bank for Financing Infrastructure and Development (NaBFID)?  -- K.V. Kamath
 Who has been appointed as the Chairperson, National Company Law Appellate Tribunal (NCLAT)?  -- Ashok Bhushan
 The World Bank has suspended aid to which country following a recent military coup? -- Sudan
 Who has been appointed by the Supreme Court of India to oversee an expert technical committee to examine allegations that the Centre used Israeli software Pegasus to spy on citizens? -- R.V. Raveendran (Former Supreme Court Judge)
 The Union Government has proposed amendments to which law that will enable it to “maintain the database of registered birth and deaths at the national level”? -- Registration of Births and Deaths Act (RBD), 1969
 In 2022, Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (BIMSTEC) Charter will be signed during the 5th summit, to be held at – -- Colombo
 Which country has appointed Indian-origin politician Anita Anand as the new Defence Minister? -- Canada
 According to latest ranking by FIFA, which country holds the first position? -- Belgium
 According to latest ranking by FIFA (Fédération Internationale de Football Association), what is the rank of Indian football team? -- 106th
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Target Olympic Podium Scheme (TOPS)? -- Commodore PK Garg
 Who won the Formula 1 US Grand Prix 2021? -- Max Verstappen
 Directed by P.S. Vinothraj, which Tamil-language film has been selected as India’s official entry for the 94th Academy Awards (Oscars 2022)? -- Koozhangal (internationally translated as Pebbles)
 In which state three distinct indigenous Muslim groups - Goria, Moria and Deshi are found -- Assam
 “Writing for My Life”, is an anthology of which author that has been released recently? -- Ruskin Bond
 Which app has been launched by the Election Commission of India (ECI) for digital mapping of all polling stations, to ensure faster, smarter, transparent and timely completion of election work? -- Garuda app
 The Social Justice and Empowerment Ministry has recently recommended which fund be used to carry out de-addiction programmes, rather than just policing activities? -- National Fund to Control Drug Abuse
 Out of 139 countries, what is the rank of India in the World Justice Project (WJP) Rule of Law Index 2021 that was topped by Denmark; and Venezuela at the bottom? -- 79th
 Who has been appointed as the Managing Director of India Ports Global Limited (IPGL) which is tasked with developing Chabahar port in Iran? -- Alok Mishra
 Who is/are the author of the book “Veer Savarkar: The Man Who Could Have Prevented Partition”? -- Uday Mahurkar and Chirayu Pandit
 Former U.S. President Donald Trump has announced to launch a social media company called  -- TRUTH Social
 Which three countries were recently added to the ‘Grey List’ of the Paris-based Financial Action Task Force that also retained Pakistan in that list? -- Turkey, Jordan, and Mali
 Who is the Chairperson of the Jury for the International Competition for 52nd IFFI? -- Ms. Rakhshān Banietemad (Iran)
 Which Indian filmmaker is one of the Juries for the International Competition for 52nd IFFI? -- Nila Madhab Panda
 Martin Scorsese (USA) and Istevan Szabo (Hungary) to be honoured with which award at the 52nd IFFI, to be held in Goa? -- Satyajit Ray Lifetime Achievement Award
 Which rover of NASA has recently captured sounds of Martian wind gusts, rover wheels crunching over gravel, and motors whirring as the spacecraft moves its arm?  -- Perseverance
 Name the teenager (12 years old) girl who has designed the jersey for Scotland players (ICC T20 World Cup 2021)? -- Rebecca Downie
 Who is the author of the book ‘Sir Syed Ahmad Khan: Reason, Religion and Nation’? -- Shafey Kidwai
 Who is the author of the book “Actually… I Met Them: A Memoir”? -- Gulzar
 Who presided over the fourth general assembly of International Solar Alliance (ISA), held virtually between October 18th and October 21st, 2021? -- R.K. Singh
 The third ‘Moscow Format’ was held on 20th October, 2021, is a consultations process aimed at which country? -- Afghanistan
 Which countries won the prestigious badminton titles - Thomas Cup (Men) and Uber Cup (Women) - for the year 2021 respectively? -- Indonesia, China
 Who has been elected as the President of the Indian Weightlifting Federation (IWLF)? -- Sahdev Yadav
 In which city the 2nd UN Global Sustainable Transport Conference was held? -- Beijing
 Mount Aso that erupted recently is located in which country?  -- Japan
 Which Indian TT player became the World No. 1 in boys' under-17 rankings released by the International Table Tennis Federation (ITTF) on 19 October 2021? -- Payas Jain
 Which aquatic animal’s decorated symbol was found in the ring well unearthed during the seventh phase of excavations in Keeladi? -- Fish
 Which two Indian cricketers are among 18 cricketers awarded honorary life memberships by the Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC) on 19 October 2021? -- Harbhajan Singh and Javagal Srinath
 The Jammu and Kashmir administration has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the govt. of which city for rapid development and growth in the Union Territory? -- Dubai
 ‘Kibbutz’ is a type of settlement, unique to which country? -- Israel
 In which country ‘Bhoodan Grove’ was planted by Sarvodaya workers in 1960? -- Israel
 Who recently became the 21st Woman Grand Master from India? -- Divya Deshmukh
 Who was Sri Lanka's first Cricket Test Captain, faced a 25-year ban for leading a rebel cricket team to South Africa, and passed away on 18 October 2021? -- Bandula Warnapura
 To honour the contribution of freedom fighters from Manipur, which place in Andaman and Nicobar Islands has been renamed to ‘Mount Manipur’? -- Mount Harriet
 Who has been appointed as the interim Chairperson of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Board of India (IBBI) after the retirement of M.S. Sahoo? -- Navrang Saini
 Who has given his voice to the anthem on India’s Covid-19 vaccination that was released recently? -- Kailash Kher
 “Joint Sea 2021” – a naval exercise, recently started in Peter the Great Gulf, in the Sea of Japan, is between which two countries? -- Russia and China
 India has been re-elected to which UN body for a sixth term on October 14, 2021? -- United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC)
 Where is the headquarters of International Energy Agency (IEA) is located, that has invited India, the world’s third-largest energy consumer, to become its full-time member? -- Paris (France)
 After launching world’s first autonomous tram in 2018, which country recently launched World’s first automated, driverless train? -- Germany
 Name the iconic Star Trek character Captain James T. Kirk, who became the oldest person to fly into space as a part of a crew of four, in ‘New Shepard’, a space capsule from Blue Origin, Jeff Bezos’s spaceflight company? -- William Shatner
 Who has been sworn in as Chief Justice of the High Court of Andhra Pradesh on 13th October 2021? -- Justice Prashant Kumar Mishra
 Which state has recently banned government employees from participating in politics and elections? -- Haryana
 To which mountainous landlocked country in Central Asia, India recently announced $200 million Line of Credit? -- Kyrgyzstan
 Under which country’s presidency, the 4th G20 Finance Ministers and Central Bank Governors (FMCBG) Meeting was held on 13th October, 2021 in Washington D.C. on the sidelines of the IMF-World Bank Annual Meetings? -- Italy
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court? -- Justice Ranjit Vasantrao More
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Justice of Allahabad High Court? -- Justice Rajesh Bindal
 He is regarded as the “Father of Pakistan’s nuclear bomb” who passed away on 10 October 2021  -- Dr Abdul Qadeer Khan
 Which is the first BRICS country to join High Ambition Coalition for Nature and People, a group of more than 70 countries encouraging the adoption of the global goal to protect at least 30 per cent of the world’s land and ocean by 2030? -- India
 Name the first president of Iran (after the 1979 Iranian Revolution that abolished the monarchy) who passed away on 9 October 2021? -- Seyyed Abolhassan Banisadr
 Who has become the 34th Director General of National Cadet Corps (NCC) on September 27, 2021? -- Lieutenant General Gurbirpal Singh
 The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has placed an order with which defence manufacturing unit for supply of 118 Main Battle Tanks (MBTs) Arjun Mk-1A for the Indian Army?  -- -Heavy Vehicles Factory (HVF), Avadi, Chennai
 On which day, ‘National Pension System Diwas’ will be observed by the Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority (PFRDA) to promote pension and retirement planning?  -- -1 October
 Name the asset management company (AMC) set up by the government that will work with the National Asset Reconstruction Company Ltd (NARCL) to clean up bad loans?  -- -India Debt Resolution Company Ltd (IDRCL)
 On 23 September 2021, a Bench of the Supreme Court of India approved which scheme to hasten crucial decisions, including orders on bail and stay of arrest, through communication by electronic means to prison authorities and investigating agencies?  -- “Fast and Secured Transmission of Electronic Records” (FASTER)
 Who has been appointed as the new and first ‘Dalit’ Chief Minister of Punjab after Amarinder Singh resigned as chief minister on September 18, 2021? -- Charanjit Singh Channi
 Which country became a full member of Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) in 2021 to join China, Russia, India, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan? -- Iran
 Who was the Chairman of the 21st Meeting of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Council of Heads of State held in Dushanbe, Tajikistan? -- Emomali Rahmon (President of Tajikistan)
 How many signatories are there in Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) to which China has recently applied to join? -- 11
 A trio of Chinese astronauts returned to Earth through which spaceship on 17th September 2021 after a 90-day stay aboard their nation’s first space station in China’s longest mission yet? -- Shenzhou-12
 Who is the author of the book titled ‘Translating Myself and Others’? -- Jhumpa Lahiri
 United States and European Union have launched a global pledge to reduce emissions of which potent greenhouse gas by nearly 30% by the end of the decade? -- Methane
 Which programme was launched by the Indian Railways on 17th September 2021, under which it will train 50,000 youth in the age-group of 18 to 35 over three years? -- ‘Rail Kaushal Vikas Yojana’
 Which Edtech major has partnered with NITI Aayog to provide free access to its tech-driven learning programmes for children from 112 'Aspirational districts' of the country? -- Byju's
 At which place the 45th meeting of GST Council was held on 17th September 2021? -- Lucknow
 Which organization has launched ‘Prof. S.K. Joshi Laboratory Excellence Award’? -- Quality Council of India (QCI)
 Which is the first power sector Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) to launch India’s first-ever Euro Green Bond? -- Power Finance Corporation Ltd (PFC)
 Who is the chairman of an expert committee constituted by the Defence Ministry, for a comprehensive review of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) to make it more relevant with changing times? -- Baijayant Panda
 Under which country’s chairship a meeting of BRICS Heads of Tax Authorities and Experts on Tax Matters was held virtually on 15 September 2021? -- India
 On 13th September 2021, the Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) has declared which airport as a Customs notified airport that would facilitate international passenger movements including that of Buddhist pilgrims? -- Kushinagar Airport
 Name the five-time Olympic shooter and an Asian Games gold medalist (1978) from India who has been appointed as the acting president of the Olympic Council of Asia? -- Raja Randhir Singh
 How many states met the target for capital expenditure in Q-1 of 2021-22 and became eligible for additional open market borrowing, equivalent to 0.25 percent of their Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP)? -- 11
 On 13 September 2021, Indian Navy handed over a Passenger Variant Dornier (PVD) to the Police Force of which country on lease? -- Mauritius
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Minister of Gujarat after the resignation of Vijay Rupani? -- Bhupendrabhai Patel
 Which committee of the Union Govt. has increased the minimum price that sugar mills must pay to sugar cane farmers by Rs. 5 a quintal, setting the fair and remunerative price (FRP) at Rs. 290 a quintal for the 2021-22 sugar season which runs from October to September? -- Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs
 What is the name of the expedition of people with disabilities from across the country to Siachen Glacier (till Kumar Post), that was launched recently?  -- ‘Operation Blue Freedom’
 Name the first nasal vaccine developed by Bharat Biotech for Covid-19 that got nod for Phase 2/3 trial? -- BBV154
 For marketing of urban Self-Help Group (SHG) products, the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs launched a brand and logo called – -- ‘SonChiraiya’
 Royal Delicious, Dark Baron Gala, Scarlet Spur, Red Velox & Golden Delicious are the varieties of which fruit that were recently sent to Bahrain to showcase them? -- Apples
 Which North-Eastern state recently exported a consignment of one Metric Tonne of Geographical Indication (GI) tagged organic Chak-Hao (Black Rice) to Europe? -- Manipur
 Which athlete has been roped in by the Reserve bank of India for banking fraud awareness campaign? -- Neeraj Chopra
 In which state 'Aadi Pooram' car festival is observed that is dedicated to Goddess Andal, an incarnation of Goddess Lakshmi?  -- Tamil Nadu
 Which Union Territory is going to host the first edition of The Himalayan Film Festival 2021 (THFF) from September 24 to 28? -- Ladak
 World Elephant Day is celebrated every year on  -- 12th August
 To mobilise support for their protection and conservation, World Lion Day is celebrated on -- 10th August
 Who were named by the International Cricket Council as ‘ICC Player of the Month’ for July in the men’s and women’s categories respectively? -- Shakib Al Hasan (Bangladesh), Stafanie Taylor (West Indies)
 In honour of Olympic gold medalist Neeraj Chopra, the Athletics Federation of India has decided to observe 7th August every year as – -- Javelin Throw Day
 Who has become the third-highest wicket-taker in Test cricket? -- James Anderson
 Which two shortlisted Indian applicant companies have been issued Request of Proposal (RFP) by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) for the first acquisition programme under the Strategic Partnership Model for construction of six AIP fitted Conventional Submarines inder Project 75(India) [P-75(I)] for the Indian Navy? -- Mazagaon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (MDL) and Larsen & Tubro (L&T)
 Name the former India goalkeeper who stood out against Pele-led Cosmos Club in an exhibition match in 1977 selected for Mohun Bagan Ratna posthumously? -- Shibaji Banerjee
 Name the Chinese translator of Sudhanshu Mittal’s book on the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) - “RSS: Building India Through SEWA”, which talks of RSS”s history, ideology and policies, and their subsequent impact on the nation? -- Jack Bo
 Under the National Pension System (NPS), the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) limit in pension fund management has been hiked from 49% to  -- 74%
 Which country has recently ended male guardian requirement for women attending hajj, to which India had in 2017 announced the same rule? -- Saudi Arabia
 Which village of Kutch district in Gujarat has come out with a unique idea of holding Balika Panchayat that were successfully held recently? -- Kunariya Village
 Which country recently test-fired its new S-500 air defence missile systems? -- Russia
 Which scheme of the Government of India that facilitates loans to Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe and women borrowers, to promote entrepreneurship has been extended up to the year 2025 recently? -- ‘Stand Up India Scheme’
 Name the Oxygen Rationing Device developed by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) that supplies a required volume of oxygen to the patient during inhalation and trips when the patient exhales CO2? -- AMLEX
 What is the name of Jeff Bezos founded Blue Origin spacecraft that travelled past the Kármán line - boundary between Earth's atmosphere and outer space; after Richard Branson founded Virgin Galactic’s space plane V.S.S. Unity did the same? -- New Shepard
 Name the Bill passed by the U.S. House of Representatives that increases the number of immigration visas available to Afghan citizens who have helped U.S. soldiers during the nearly 20-year war? -- Averting Loss of Life and Injury by Expediting SIVs (ALLIES) Act of 2021
 Who is the author of the book ‘An Ordinary Life: Portrait of an Indian Generation’? -- Ashok Lavasa
 The Indian Olympic Association has roped in which business conglomerate as a sponsor for the Indian contingent at the ongoing Tokyo Games? -- Adani Group
 What are the alternative social media platforms being developed by Bangladesh for Facebook and Whatsapp respectively? -- ‘Jogajog’, ‘Alapan’
 Which two shortlisted Indian applicant companies have been issued Request of Proposal (RFP) by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) for the first acquisition programme under the Strategic Partnership Model for construction of six AIP fitted Conventional Submarines inder Project 75(India) [P-75(I)] for the Indian Navy? -- Mazagaon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (MDL) and Larsen & Tubro (L&T)
 Name the former India goalkeeper who stood out against Pele-led Cosmos Club in an exhibition match in 1977 selected for Mohun Bagan Ratna posthumously? -- Shibaji Banerjee
 Name the Chinese translator of Sudhanshu Mittal’s book on the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) - “RSS: Building India Through SEWA”, which talks of RSS”s history, ideology and policies, and their subsequent impact on the nation? -- Jack Bo
 Under the National Pension System (NPS), the Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) limit in pension fund management has been hiked from 49% to  -- 74%
 Which country has recently ended male guardian requirement for women attending hajj, to which India had in 2017 announced the same rule? -- Saudi Arabia
 Which village of Kutch district in Gujarat has come out with a unique idea of holding Balika Panchayat that were successfully held recently? -- Kunariya Village
 Which country recently test-fired its new S-500 air defence missile systems? -- Russia
 Which scheme of the Government of India that facilitates loans to Scheduled Caste, Scheduled Tribe and women borrowers, to promote entrepreneurship has been extended up to the year 2025 recently? -- ‘Stand Up India Scheme’
 Name the Oxygen Rationing Device developed by the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) that supplies a required volume of oxygen to the patient during inhalation and trips when the patient exhales CO2? -- AMLEX
 What is the name of Jeff Bezos founded Blue Origin spacecraft that travelled past the Kármán line - boundary between Earth's atmosphere and outer space; after Richard Branson founded Virgin Galactic’s space plane V.S.S. Unity did the same? -- New Shepard
 At which place, the Indian Oil Corporation (IOC) will build India’s first ‘green hydrogen’ plant? -- Mathura Refinery
 Who won the Formula One British Grand Prix 2021? -- Lewis Hamilton
 The International Cricket Council inducted which three countries as Associate Members at its 78th Annual General Meeting? -- Mongolia, Tajikistan and Switzerland
 Which cricketer has become the first-ever batsman to breach the mark of 14,000 runs in T20s? -- Chris Gayle
 The 'Common High Court for the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir and Union Territory of Ladakh' has been officially renamed as the – --  'High Court of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh'
 The National Commission for Women (NCW) has signed an MoU with which organization for gender sensitization of police personnel across the country? -- Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPR&D)
 Which programme was launched recently by Union Education Minister and Tribal Affairs Minister for training 50,000 school teachers from CBSE and Eklavya Model Residential Schools? -- "School Innovation Ambassador Training Program"
 Which organization has launched ‘Niwas Samhita 2021’ that specify code of compliance approaches and minimum energy performance requirements for building services, and verification framework? -- Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE)
 In accordance with the provisions under Section 87 of which Act, the Union Government has issued two gazette notifications, for Godavari River Management Board and Krishna River Management Board for administration, regulation, maintenance and operation of projects in Godavari and Krishna river basins respectively, in the States of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana? -- Andhra Pradesh Reorganization Act 2014 (APRA)
 Name the state where six river stretches of Bhela, Dhela, Kichha, Kosi, Nandhore, Pilakhar and Kashipur will be rejuvenated under Namami Gange Programme? -- Uttarakhand
 Out of agreed 24, Indian Navy recently accepted the first two of its MH-60R Multi Role Helicopters (MRH) from US Navy in a ceremony held at NAS North Island, San Diego. MH-60R helicopters are manufactured by –  -- Lockheed Martin Corporation, USA
 Which is the first Gulf country to open an embassy in Israel? -- United Arab Emirate
 The Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA) has released reorganized - The Drone Rules, 2021 for public consultation and after approval, it will replace which earlier Rules released on 12th March 2021? -- Unmanned Aircraft System Rules (UAS Rules), 2021
 The government of which state has set up India’s first ‘Grain ATM’ as a pilot project that is equipped with biometric system with a touch screen and solve the issues of long queues, time, and accurate measurement? -- Haryana (Gurugram)
 In a first, the High Court of which state will live stream court proceedings from 17th?  -- Gujarat
 India will host the Badminton World Federation Championships for the second time in which year after hosting it in 2009 (Hyderabad)? -- 2026
 Who has become the first Indian to be selected for judging the gymnastics competition of the Olympic Games? -- Deepak Kabra
 Which liquid propellant engine was tested by the ISRO recently for the third long duration hot test for the GSLV MkIII vehicle, as part of the engine qualification requirements for the Gaganyaan Programme? -- Vikas Engine
 Who are the singer and composer respectively of the official cheer song for the Tokyo-bound Indian contingent titled ‘Hindustani Way’? -- Ananya Birla, AR Rahman
 The Govt. of which state has decided to provide Class-I and Class-II jobs to Divyang sports persons those represent India at international events? -- Gujarat
 For insuring which animal, the National Research Centre on Yak (NRCY) in West Kameng district, Arunachal Pradesh has tied up with the National Insurance Company Ltd.? -- Himalayan Yak
 Name the Indian stem cell and developmental biologist who is a part of the WHO Expert Advisory Committee on Developing Global Standards for Governance and Oversight of Human Genome Editing? -- Prof. Maneesha S Inamdar
 In which state the Lemru Elephant Reserve is located, that was recently in news – for reducing its area? -- Chhattisgarh
 Which state will organize the Khelo India Youth Games 2021 in February 2022? -- Haryana
 The West Bengal Assembly has passed a resolution supporting an ad hoc committee report that favoured creation of a legislative council; how many states have Legislative Council at present? -- Six (Maharashtra, Telangana, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Bihar)
 Which animal was declared by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) as "vulnerable" in 2016 but only recently China's environmental ministry agreed with the same by changing its own endangered species list, which uses similar standards as the Swiss-based IUCN? -- Giant Panda
 Which Day is observed on 10th July to commemorate Professor Dr. Hiralal Chaudhury and his colleague Dr. Alikunhi for their contribution in achieving the successful induced breeding of major carps on 10th July, 1957 at Angul in Odisha for the first time in the country? -- National Fish Farmers Day
 Who has been appointed as the Resident Grievance Officer for India by microblogging platform Twitter? -- Vinay Prakash
 In which city, India’s first private Liquefied Natural Gas (LNG) plant has been inaugurated recently? -- Nagpur
 In which region of Gujarat Ashadhi Bij, associated with the beginning of rains, is celebrated as New Year and the moisture in the atmosphere is checked to predict which crop would do best in the coming monsoon? -- Kutch
 Name the prime minister of Sweden who was ousted following a vote of no confidence in Parliament (Riksdagen) in June 2021, and was reinstated on 7th July 2021? -- Stefan Lofven
 Who became the president of Israel on 7th July 2021 replacing Reuven Rivlin? -- Isaac Herzog
 Which Indian pair faced defeat in mixed doubles pre-quarterfinal match at the Wimbledon 2021? -- Sania Mirza and Rohan Bopanna
 To reduce the risk of death and the need for mechanical ventilation in patients with Covid-19, which two Arthritis drugs have been recommended by the World Health Organisation (WHO) in patients with severe or critical Covid-19 along with corticosteroids? -- Tocilizumab and Sarilumab
 In a rare diplomatic gesture, which neighboring country of India has issued a commemorative coin marking the centenary of the Chinese Communist Party? -- Sri Lanka
 In which city, India’s second largest cricket stadium will be built after Narendra Modi Stadium in Gujarat? -- Jaipur
 Medical and genetic experts of Banaras Hindu University (BHU), Varanasi and Birbal Sahni Institute of Palaeosciences (BSIP), Lucknow have declared which river to be free of coronavirus? -- Ganga
 Which GI certified flowers were exported to USA & Dubai from Tamil Nadu recently? -- Madurai Malli
 The Government of which state has decided to translocate trees which are more than 20 years old, instead of cutting them down to pave the way for developmental projects? -- Uttar Pradesh
 In Jammu and Kashmir, the Union Territory Administration accorded sanction to uploading of Geo tagged photographs through which mobile application while preferring bills in the concerned Treasuries against the budget allotted through BEAMS application? -- 'PROOF' (Photographic Record of On-site Facility)
 As a gesture of friendship, which country recently sent a special variety of ‘Haribhanga’ mangoes for the President and the Prime Minister of India and other political leaders? -- Bangladesh
 Recently, Israeli Parliament failed to extend which law that makes inhabitants of the West Bank and Gaza Strip ineligible for the automatic granting of Israeli citizenship and residency permits that are usually available through marriage to an Israeli citizen? -- The Citizenship and Entry into Israel Law
 On 6th July 2021, the first edition of the Indo Pacific Business Summit was organised by CII in partnership with  -- External Affairs Ministry
 Which app has been launched by the Union Ministry for Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying that will provide online course with an aim to disseminate the latest freshwater aquaculture technologies to the aqua farmers of the country? -- Matsya Setu
 Who is the author of the book “Fiercely Female: The Dutee Chand Story” that gives insights on the gender-identity controversy of popular Indian sprinter Dutee Chand (India’s first openly homosexual athlete)? -- Sundeep Mishra
 The second National Horticulture Board of Madhya Pradesh has been inaugurated at _______ after Bhopal. -- Gwalior
 National Chartered Accountants Day or CA Day is celebrated on _______ every year to commemorate the founding of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) by the parliament of India in 1949. -- July 1
 The National Postal Worker Day is marked every year on ________ globally in recognition of the contribution made by postal workers in our society.  -- July 1
 'Decoding Shankar' – a documentary on singer Shankar Mahadevan won Best Biographical Film Award at the Toronto International Women Film Festival, 2021. It is directed by – -- Deepti Pillay Sivan
 Name the portal of Income Tax Appellate Tribunal launched on 25th June 2021 for online filing of appeals, applications, documents, etc.? -- 'itat e-dwar'
 The world’s first DNA-plasmid vaccine for Covid-19 will be brought out by which pharma company that has been Made in India? -- Zydus Cadilla
 Who is the Chairman of COVID-19 Working Group of the National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI)? -- Dr. Narendra Kumar Arora
 Who is the first Chinese man in the Open era to be qualified for Wimbledon? -- Zhang Zhizhen
 The 60th National Inter-State Athletics Championships is being organized at- -- Netaji Subhas National Institute of Sports (NSNIS), Patiala
 Who has been appointed as the first director of the Directorate of Religious Affairs, Uttar Pradesh? -- Deepak Agarwal
 Name the Asian Games gold medallist from India who won a Bronze medal in the air pistol event of Shooting World Cup held in Osijek, Croatia? -- Saurabh Chaudhary
 Name the last pro-democracy newspaper of Hong Kong owned by Jimmy Lai that stopped publishing after 26-year journey amid a national security crackdown that froze the company's funds? -- Apple Daily
 The US has barred some solar products made in China’s ________region, alleging human rights abuses? -- Xinjiang
 The Govt. of West Bengal has relaunched the ____________scheme, doubling the assistance to farmers to Rs 10,000 a year.  -- Krishak Bandhu
 Who has been named the topmost philanthropist of the last century globally by Edelgive Foundation and Hurun India? -- Jamsetji Tata (Founder of Tata Group)
 Name the Sydney Olympics bronze medallist who has been appointed as vice chancellor of the Delhi Sports University? -- Karnam Malleswari
 Name the director of Apollo Hospitals, who has been appointed as “Ambassador of Forest Frontline Heroes” by the WWF India with the aim to appreciate the efforts of frontline workers in hospitals and in the wildlife protection space? -- Upasana Kamineni
 The Defence Ministry has signed a contract with __________for construction of two Pollution Control Vessels for Indian Coast Guard? -- Goa Shipyard Ltd
 According to the 6th Edition of ‘Sustainable Development Report 2021 (SDR 2021)’ released by Sustainable Development Solutions Network (SDSN), India with a score of 60.1 has been placed at ___________ rank out of 165 countries, that was topped by Finland? -- 120th
 Name the former Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission of India, who has been named as a member of a High-Level Advisory Group (HLAG) formed by the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) to look into two huge crisis faced by the world, namely Covid-19 pandemic and climate change? -- Montek Singh Ahluwalia
 As per the World Investment Report 2021 by the UN Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), India was the ___________-largest recipient of Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) inflows in the world in 2020. -- Fifth
 Name the two ships of Indian Navy currently deployed for hydrographic survey in Andaman and Nicobar Islands since April 2021? -- Sutlej (from Southern Naval Command) and Nirupak (from Eastern Naval Command)
 Name the GI certified banana from Jalgaon (Banana City of India) that were shipped to Dubai, United Arab Emirates recently? -- Jalgaon Banana
  Who is the first woman from India to be appointed to the Coaches Committee of the International Boxing Association (AIBA), the parent body for boxing in the world? -- -Dr. Tadang Minu (Arunachal Pradesh)
  Who will head the seven member committee constituted by National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) to enquire into the complaints of post-poll violence in West Bengal, following the Calcutta High Court's order? -- -Rajeev Jain
  Name the prime minister of Sweden who was ousted in a no-confidence vote on 21 June 2021?  -- Stefan Lofven
 Who has been appointed skipper of Indian National Women’s Hockey team for the upcoming Tokyo Olympics for which Deep Grace Ekka and Savita have been appointed as two vice-captains?  -- -Rani Rampal
  Name the Armenia’s acting prime minister who kept power in a parliamentary election that boosted his authority despite being widely blamed for a military defeat last year in the Nagorno-Karabakh enclave? -- -Nikol Pashinyan
 Name the scheme launched by the Govt. of Odisha to provide financial support to orphan children who have lost both of their parents or either of the earning parents or the single parent? -- Aashirbad
 Name the Islamic scholar who wrote ‘Faiz al-Mannān’, the first ever translation and commentary of the Quran in Gojri language, who passed away recently? -- Mufti Faizul Waheed
 The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has given “in-principle” approval to ____________to set up a small finance bank (SFB), which will take over the beleaguered Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative Bank (PMC Bank). -- Centrum Financial Services Ltd (CFSL)
 What was the theme for the International Day of Yoga 2021 celebrated June 21? -- 'Yoga for wellness'
 Who won the Formula One French Grand Prix race held on 20th June 2021?  -- Max Verstappen (Red Bull)
 Who was declared ‘Player of the Match’ in the recently concluded Women Test Match between India and England, played at Bristol County Ground, Bristol, England? -- Shafali Verma (India)
 Name the Indian swimmer who won gold in the men's 200 meters butterfly event in the Belgrade Open Swimming competition, but narrowly missed qualifying for the Tokyo Olympic Games? -- Sajan Prakash
 India is going to host a two day virtual summit on Green Hydrogen initiatives on 22-23 June 2021 involving the BRICS nations; it will be anchored by which Maharatna CPSU? -- NTPC Ltd
 Lakshadweep is under the jurisdiction of which High Court?  -- Kerala
 Who has been appointed by the Delhi High Court as observer to polls of Dental Council of India (DCI)? -- Justice G.S. Sistani (Retd. Judge)
 Juneteenth, combining the words “June” and “nineteenth” is a holiday commemorating the end of slavery in which country? -- United States
 The Chief Justice of Iran, ___________has been elected as the President of Iran and will assume charge on 3rd August 2021 replacing Hassan Rouhani? -- Ebrahim Raisi
 Name the Jnanpith awardee author whose new book 'The Nutmeg's Curse: Parables for a Planet in Crisis' is all set to release in October this year? -- Amitav Ghosh
 India on 26th June 2021 signed an agreement for a $100-million loan from the Export Import Bank of India to support which neighboring country’s efforts to expand solar power coverage? -- Sri Lanka
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of Microsoft Corporation on 16 June 2021 in place of John Thompson? -- Satya Nadella
 The World Elder Abuse Awareness Day (WEAAD) is observed each year on- -- June 15th
 Name the faculty at IIT Kanpur, an air quality expert, who has been appointed as an honorary member of the World Health Organisation’s (WHO) Global Air Pollution and Health – Technical Advisory Group (GAPH-TAG)? -- Mukesh Sharma
 Which portal has been launched on 16 June 2021 by the Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs as a Central Repository of all training programs conducted by Tribal Research Institutes (TRIs), different divisions of Ministry, National Society for Education of Tribal Students (NESTS), Centre of Excellences? -- Adi Prashikshan
 Who has been named as the chairman of Uttar Pradesh SC/ST Commission that was headless since the retirement of Brij Lal in November 2019? -- Rambabu Harit
 On 16th June 2021, the Union Cabinet gave nod to the Inland Vessels Bill, 2021, which if passed by the Parliament will replace the ________________. -- Inland Vessels Act, 1917
 Name the renowned Padma Shri awardee neurologist and recipient of prestigious Dr. B. C. Roy Award who died on 11 June 2021 due to COVID-19 complications? -- Ashok Panagariya
 According to the new Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines and Digital Media Ethics Code) Rules, 2021, social media companies with over _______ lakh users have to appoint a grievance officer, nodal officer and a chief compliance officer and all three personnel will have to be residents of India. -- 50
 For which crop the highest absolute increase in MSP over the previous year has been recommended for Kharif marketing season 2021-22? -- Sesamum
 The World Health Organization (WHO) and the Unicef on 11th June 2021 declared the end of the polio outbreak in which country almost two years after the highly infectious disease re-emerged in the Southeast Asian country? -- Philippines
 On 9th June 2021, which country became first in the world to approve bitcoin as legal tender? -- El Salvador
 Who is the author of the book titled “Languages of Truth: Essays 2003-2020”? -- Salman Rushdie
 The Reserve Bank has imposed a penalty of Rs 10 crore on which bank for deficiencies in regulatory compliances with regard to its auto loan portfolio that is in contraventions of certain provisions of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949? -- HDFC Bank
 Who has been given additional charge of Director General of National Investigation Agency, NIA after the superannuation of Y C Modi? -- Kuldiep Singh (DG CRPF)
 The Union Govt. has constituted an eight-member ministerial panel under the convenership of Meghalaya chief minister Conrad K Sangma to examine ______________exemptions on a range of Covid-19 essentials such as vaccines, drugs, testing kits and ventilators? -- Goods and Services Tax (GST)
 The government of which country has recently awarded Bollywood actor Sanjay Dutt with its Golden Visa that offers long-term residency to people with outstanding talents? -- UAE
 In a first, Tokyo-bound athletes will be required to sign a waiver form, declaring that the _________________would not be responsible if they face any health risks or even death at the Tokyo Olympics including contracting COVID-19 or heatwave. -- International Olympic Committee
 Name the mountaineer from Hong Kong who recently set world record by becoming the fastest woman to scale Mount Everest (25 hours and 50 minutes) beating the earlier record of 39 hours and 6 minutes, set by a Nepali woman climber, Phunjo Jhangmu Lama? -- Tsang Yin-hung
 The government has extended the tenure of Intelligence Bureau (IB) Director ______and Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW) Chief________________, by one-year. -- Arvinda Kumar, Samant Kumar Goel
 Who is the author of the book titled ‘Stargazing: The Players in My Life’? -- Ravi Shastri
 Who has become the first Indian medical practitioner to win 2021 Rudolf V Schindler Award given by the American Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy (ASGE), for his work in the field of endoscopy? -- Dr D Nageshwar Reddy
 During May-June 2021, which major war game is being conducted by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO)? -- ‘Steadfast Defender 21’
 Who is the lone Indian wrestling referee nominated to officiate bouts during the Tokyo Olympic Games in July-August?  -- Ashok Kumar
 Name the Bayern Munich player who was awarded with Europe’s Golden Shoe 2021, as he finished as the top scorer in Europe’s leading domestic leagues? -- Robert Lewandowski (Poland)
 Name the American professional golfer who became the oldest player to win the PGA Championship (won the 2021 Championship), at the age of 50? -- Phil Mickelson
 Who was conferred with President’s award by International Hockey Federation at the 47th FIH Congress for his contribution in direction of the event and promotion of hockey in Odisha? -- V Karthikeyan Pandian
 Name the mobile tech platform being developed by India for the safety of UN peacekeepers that will help increase situational awareness and provide terrain-related information? -- 'UNITE AWARE'
 Which Zoo in Lucknow has now become a member of the World Association of Zoos and Aquariums (WAZA) - an association of zoos, aquariums and partner organisations around the world, dedicated to the care, conservation of wildlife and biodiversity, environmental education and global sustainability? -- Nawab Wajid Ali Shah Zoological Garden
 Who is the first Indian doctor to win the highest honour from the American Society of Gastrointestinal Endoscopy (ASGE) -- the Rudolf V Schindler Award - named after Dr Schindler, who is considered the father of gastroscopy? -- Dr D Nageshwar Reddy
 Addu City is located in which country, where India will open a new Consulate in 2021? -- Maldives
 The government of which state has launched an anti-Covid “Sanjeevani Pariyojana”, which will provide supervised and quick medical care at home for people, with mild to moderate symptoms of Covid-19, residing in rural areas? -- Haryana
 Who has been elected as the new speaker of Kerala assembly? -- M B Rajesh
 The Mohali International Hockey Stadium has been renamed after which Padma Shri awardee hockey player? -- Balbir Singh Sr
 Top tech companies Microsoft, Accenture, GitHub and ThoughtWorks on 25 May 2021 announced the formation of ___________ to help address the global climate crisis. -- The Green Software Foundation
 China’s bid to expand its influence in the Indo-Pacific has taken a hit, with____________, a strategically located nation in the South Pacific, signalling that it would not go ahead with a Chinese port development project. -- Samoa
 The Russian Direct Investment Fund, RDIF and Indian Biotechnology company _______________have announced the launch of production of the Russian COVID vaccine Sputnik V in India. -- Panacea Biotec
 Which international organisation has put forth an USD 50 Billion proposal to end the COVID-19 Pandemic, it has set a target of vaccinating at least 40% of the world’s population by end of 2021 & remaining 60% by first half of 2022? -- International Monetary Fund (IMF)
 What is the toll-free helpline no (1800-121-2830) called - that has been launched by National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) under the aegis of Ministry of Women and Child Development to provide Tele-Counselling to children affected during COVID 19 Pandemic?  -- SAMVEDNA (Sensitizing Action on Mental Health Vulnerability through Emotional Development and Necessary Acceptance)
 ‘India and Asian Geopolitics: The Past, Present’ is authored by  -- Shivshankar Menon
 Who is the author of the book titled “Nehru, Tibet and China”? -- Avtar Singh Bhasin
 Who won the Monaco Grand Prix 2021 to take the lead in the Formula One world championship standings for the first time in his career? -- Max Verstappen
 Hockey India won which award for contribution to the growth and development of the sport in the country during the #HockeyInvites virtual conference as part of its 47th FIH Congress which concluded with the FIH Honorary Awards?  -- Etienne Glichitch Award
 The President of Badminton Association of India (BAI) and Vice President of Badminton Asia, _______________was on 22nd May 2021 elected to the Badminton World Federation (BWF) council for the period 2021-25. -- Himanta Biswa Sarma
 On 22nd May 2021 Mount Nyiragongo located in which country erupted near the city of Goma after it last erupted in 2002? -- Democratic Republic of Congo
 Name the Indian sports administrator, President of the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and a Member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) who has been re-elected as the President of the International Hockey Federation (FIH) for the second consecutive term? -- Narinder Batra
 What was the theme of the International Day for Biological Diversity for the year 2021, observed on 22 May?  --  “We’re part of the solution”
 Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) along with and Sports and Health Ministries as well as YuWaah-UNICEF are activating the nationwide ____________movement to engage five million young people to lead action against COVID-19 and impact 50 million people. -- Young Warrior
 Which country brokered a ceasefire that came into force in Gaza Strip, bringing halt to fiercest fighting between Israel and Hamas? -- Egypt
 Who has been elected unopposed as the Speaker of the Assam Assembly? -- Biswajit Daimary
 In a major step towards harnessing exports potential of agricultural and processed food products from north-eastern region, a shipment of 1.2 metric tonne (MT) of fresh ________was exported from Tripura to London recently. -- jackfruit
 Chiranjeev Nath Sinha, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (ADCP) Lucknow central zone, has been appointed brand ambassador of  -- Lucknow Zoo
 Shakti Mazumdar, who was a member of the Indian contingent at the 1952 Helsinki Olympic Games, passed away; he was associated with which sports? -- Boxing
 Football's world governing body FIFA has been given the mandate to make a feasibility study of hosting the men's and women's World Cups every ______years instead of its current four-year cycle. -- Two
 The Athletics Federation of India's medical commission chairman____________, who was set to travel with the Indian contingent for the Tokyo Olympics, died on 21 May 2021 due to COVID-19 related complications. -- Arun Kumar Mendiratta
 Who was the former national chief coach and first Dronacharya awardee in boxing, passed away recently? -- Om Prakash Bhardwaj
 Name the Indian men's hockey team goalkeeper, who has been re-elected to the international hockey federation's (FIH) Athletes Committee for a second term? -- PR Sreejesh
 To achieve self-sufficiency in edible oils Union Government has formulated Kharif Strategy 2021 and it will distribute mini-kits of high yielding varieties of which seeds to farmers? -- Soybean and Groundnut
 What is the name of India's first self-use test kit - rapid antigen test kit (RAT) for Covid-19 manufactured by Pune-based Mylab Discovery Solutions that got approval of Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR)? -- CoviSelf
 Name the first Dalit chief minister of Rajasthan and ex-governor of Haryana and Bihar, who passed away due to Covid-19 on 19 May 2021? -- Jagannath Pahadia
 Who is the first chief minister from Kerala to be re-elected after completing a full term (five years) in office? -- Pinarayi Vijayan
 Union Health and Family Welfare Ministry has urged the States and Union Territories to make fungal infection Mucormycosis known as black fungus, a notifiable disease under which Act? -- Epidemic Diseases Act 1897
 In view of the increase in international prices of sugar, the government has reviewed the subsidy on the export of sugar for sugar season 2020-21 and revised it from Rs 6000 to Rs ______ per metric tonne.  -- 4000
 Which scheme has been launched by the government of Chhattisgarh through which the government will pay for the education for those children who lost their parents due to the Covid-19 pandemic? -- ‘Chhattisgarh Mahtari Dular Yojna’
 On 19th May 2021, which country has launched a new ocean-monitoring satellite HY-2D that will form a constellation with the HY-2B and HY-2C satellites to build an all-weather and round-the-clock dynamic ocean environment monitoring system?  -- China
 Who is the first Indian woman climber to scale Mt Everest in 2021, trained at the National Institute of Mountaineering and Allied Sports (NIMAS) in Dirang, Arunachal Pradesh? -- Tashi Yangjom
 Which state has been ranked first in establishing Health and Wellness Centres under Ayushman Bharat Program to provide comprehensive primary health care in rural areas for 2020-2021? -- Karnataka
 Researchers at the Indian Institute of Technology, Ropar in Punjab and Monash University, Australia have developed a unique detector named ____________ to identify imposters attending a virtual conference without anybody’s knowledge that can also find out faces manipulated on social media to defame or make a joke of someone. -- ‘FakeBuster’
 The Union Govt. has increased the subsidy for DAP fertiliser from Rs. 500 per bag to _______per bag, which is an increase of 140%? -- Rs. 1200
 Which disease has been declared an epidemic and notifiable disease in Rajasthan under the Rajasthan Epidemic Act 2020? -- Mucormycosis (black fungus)
 Name the former speaker of Tibet's parliament-in-exile, who has been elected the new president of the exile government to succeed Lobsang Sangay? -- Penpa Tsering
 The CJI has recently launched a new feature in the Supreme Court’s official website called______________, aimed at providing concise summaries of landmark judgments in an easy-to-understand format. -- ‘Indicative Notes’
 Which is the fastest supercomputer of Iran that has been unveiled recently and named after a mythical Phoenix-like bird? -- ‘Simorgh’
 Recently, scientists on a new study have discovered the onset date of plate tectonics by analyzing ancient _____________ crystals from the Jack Hills in Western Australia.  -- Zircon
 Name the caregiver from Kerala who lost her life during a Hamas strike in Israel on May 11? -- Soumya Santosh
 Named by Oman, which Super Cyclone is likely to make landfall in Sundarban areas between May 23 and May 25 and possibly move towards Bangladesh? -- 'Yash'
 With the theme ‘The Future of Museums: Recover and Reimagine’ International Museum Day 2021 was observed on  -- 18 May
 The Govt. of which state has announced a special development grant of Rs 10 lakh to every village that achieves 100 per cent vaccination target under the State Government’s 'Corona-Mukt Pind Abhiyan’? -- Punjab
 With which American multinational technology company the Tribal Affairs Ministry has signed a MoU for digital transformation of Tribal Schools such as Eklavya Model Residential Schools and Ashram Schools? -- Microsoft
 The Union Government has increased the production of which antifungal medicine to provide relief to patients suffering from Mucormycosis or Black Fungus? -- Amphotericin-B
 The International Boxing Association (AIBA) has announced that the 2021 AIBA Men’s World Boxing Championships is scheduled to be held in _____________from October 26 to November 6, 2021. -- Belgrade, Serbia
 Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industries & Agriculture (MCCIA) in partnership with _____________has launched India’s 1st Agriculture Export Facilitation Center (AEFC) in Pune, Maharashtra. -- National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD)
 Which professional basketball league in North America has announced the creation of a new award — the Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Social Justice Champion Award, to recognise players who are making strides in the fight for social justice? -- National Basketball Association (NBA)
 Who was crowned Miss Universe 2020 at the 69th edition of the Miss Universe competition held on May 16, 2021 at Seminole Hard Rock Hotel & Casino in Hollywood, Florida, United States? -- Andrea Meza (Mexico)
 Name the Indian model who represented India at the Miss Universe 2020 pageant and finished 4th among contestants? -- Adline Mewis Quadros Castelino
 The Government of which state has launched the ‘Ayush Ghar-Dwar’ program to keep the home isolated Covid-19 positive patients healthy by practising Yoga in collaboration with the Art of Living organisation? -- Himachal Pradesh
 Which state has categorised Black Fungus or mucormycosis as a notified disease making it imperative that government authorities be informed about each case that will allow in the tracking and management of an outbreak? -- Haryana
 Name the smartphone application launched by Manipur Govt. for home delivery of fresh vegetables to ensure that people get fresh vegetables at their doorsteps during the COVID-19 induced curfew? -- Manipur Organic Mission Agency (MOMA) Market
 India on 17th May 2021 lost the ONGC Videsh Ltd-discovered ____________ gas field in the Persian Gulf after Iran awarded a contract for developing the giant gas field to a local company - Petropars Group. -- Farzad-B
 Researchers have reported that Pleistocene-era rock paintings dating back to 45,000-20,000 years ago in cave sites in southern Sulawesi, in _____________are weathering at an alarming rate due to environmental weathering. -- Indonesia
 Researchers have reported that Pleistocene-era rock paintings dating back to 45,000-20,000 years ago in cave sites in southern Sulawesi, in _____________are weathering at an alarming rate due to environmental weathering. -- Indonesia
 Which is the first residential project funded under the Government of India’s Special Window for Affordable & Mid-Income Housing (SWAMIH) scheme, for which possession of homes were given to homebuyers recently? -- Rivali Park project (Mumbai)
 Name the initiative (Toll-Free Helpline-1800-121-2830) launched by the National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) to provide psycho-social first-aid and mental support for Children affected during COVID 19 Pandemic a for Children? -- Sensitizing Action on Mental Health Vulnerability through Emotional Development and Necessary Acceptance (SAMVEDNA)
 In his first match on clay in nearly two years, after coming off of two knee surgeries Roger Federer lost to which player in the Geneva Open? -- Pablo Andujar (Spain)
 The High Court of which state recently observed that “Live-in relationships are socially and morally not acceptable” while declining to grant protection to a couple seeking protection of their life? -- Punjab and Haryana High Court
 The book “Sikkim: A History of Intrigue and Alliance”, released on May 16, which is celebrated as Sikkim Day is written by former diplomat  -- Preet Mohan Singh Malik
 In India, the National Dengue Day is observed every year on – -- 16 May
 Name the village in Kinnaur district, India's last inhabited village in Himachal Pradesh, that got linked to a mini-ATM facility on 17th May 2021? -- Chitkul
 Who has been named batting coach of the Indian women's cricket team only for the upcoming seven-match tour of England? -- Shiv Sunder Das
 Which state’s Cabinet on 17th May 2021 approved formation of the upper house of the state legislature? -- West Bengal
 On May 13, 2021, Nepali mountain guide, ________________ had created a world record by climbing Mount Everest twice in the shortest span of just 86 hours that was previously held by Indian mountaineer Anshu Jamsenpa (118 hours and 15 minutes) in 2017 and still holds the record for fastest dual ascent on Mount Everest by a woman. -- Mingma Tenji Sherpa
 Arjuna Award winner Venugopal Chandrasekar has passed away following COVID-related complications. He was associated with which sports? -- Table Tennis
 Name the former CBI officer who was the chief investigation officer of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of the Rajiv Gandhi assassination case, passed away recently? -- K Ragothaman
 Wadia Group-owned, GoAir has rebranded itself as_____________, with the new motto “You Come First”. -- ‘Go First’
 New Zealand Prime Minister, Jacinda Ardern has topped the ‘World’s 50 Greatest Leaders’ list for 2021, released by Fortune Magazine. Who is the only Indian among the top 10 names placed in the 10th spot? -- Adar Poonawalla
 Who has been appointed as the Head Coach of Team India (Senior Women) by the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI)? -- Ramesh Powar
 For his extraordinary commitment and outstanding service to humanity through his writings, social and illustrious public life who was honoured with "International Invincible Gold Medal" of 2021? -- Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank'
 On May 14, 2021, _____________ was declared as the 23rd district of Punjab that has been carved out of the Sangrur district of the state. -- Malerkotla
 Who has been named COP26 People’s Advocate for the U.K.’s Presidency of UN climate change summit in Glasgow this November? -- Sir David Attenborough
 A Delhi court on 15th May 2021 issued non-bailable warrants against two-time Olympic medallist __________and nine others in connection with the murder of a 23-year-old former junior national wrestling champion, Sagar Dhankad. -- Sushil Kumar
 Who won the Women’s Singles title of the Italian Open 2021? -- Iga Swiatek (Poland)
 Who won the Italian Open 2021 final against World No. 1 Novak Djokovic which was played on 16th May 2021? -- Rafael Nadal
 Oxygen production plants which adopt Pressure Swing Adsorption technology utilize _____________ as it serves as a molecular sieve and adsorbs nitrogen while generating purified oxygen.  -- Zeolite
 Name the Managing Editor of the ‘Financial Express’ who succumbed to covid-19 related complications on 15th May 2021? -- Sunil Jain
 The government has provided relaxations under Gas Cylinders Rules, 2016 to fast track approvals for imported cylinders and pressure vessels for storage and transportation of medical oxygen. Approval of global manufacturers for importing oxygen cylinders is given by  -- Petroleum and Explosive Safety Organization (PESO)
 Name the only Indian to be awarded with King Faisal International Prize for Science and First Chair of National Board for Higher Mathematics, famous for Narasimhan-Seshadri theorem, a Padma Bhushan awardee who passed away on 16 May 2021? -- Prof. M S Narasimhan
 Who recently resigned as the head of the Indian SARS-COV-2 Genomics Consortia (INSACOG), that came into being in January this year as a scientific body to promote and expedite genome sequencing of the SARS-CoV2 virus and its multiple variants? -- Shahid Jameel
 The first very severe cyclonic storm of the 2021 North Indian Ocean cyclone season, Tauktae which means “gecko", has been named by which country? -- Myanmar
 Name the MLA from Delhi who has been appointed as vice president of the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI), an international non-governmental organization headquartered in Bonn, Germany that promotes sustainable development? -- Atishi Singh
 The Government of which country has added Pakistan to the list of undesirable 21 high-risk countries with unsatisfactory money laundering and terrorist financing controls? -- UK
 NITI Aayog, in partnership with Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and Centre for Social and Behaviour Change, Ashoka University has launched____________, a national digital repository on health and nutrition. -- Poshan Gyan
 Japan will release contaminated water from the destroyed Fukushima nuclear plant into the sea after removing isotopes, and leaving only_________, a radioactive isotope of hydrogen hard to separate from water for which it will dilute the water until its levels fall below regulatory limits, before pumping it into the ocean. -- tritium
 Tamizhp Puththaandu, the first day of the Chithirai month marks the beginning of the _________Calendar. -- Tamil
 India Open Super 500 badminton tournament, a part of the Olympic qualification calendar will be held at the __________in New Delhi from May 11-16. -- KD Jadhav Indoor Hall
 Which three cities will host the finals of Davis Cup 2021 from 25th November to 5th December 2021? -- Innsbruck (Austria),Turin (Italy), Madrid (Spain)
 People of Meghalaya’s villages fear the death of which river (the cleanest river in Asia) and their tourism-based livelihood if the 210 MW hydroelectric project comes up? -- Umngot River
 Mumbai-based WazirX exchange, launched which platform through which creators can auction their digital assets and earn royalties? -- non-fungible tokens (NFT)
 While participating in the 103rd Development Committee Meeting of World Bank-IMF 2021, Indian Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman represented which countries? -- India, Bangladesh, Bhutan & Sri Lanka
 Which Payments Bank has announced its new savings account ‘Rewards123’ which offers benefits and value to customers when they transact digitally using the bank account? -- Airtel Payments Bank
 Which is the first country in the world to introduce a law that will require banks, insurers and investment managers to report the impacts of climate change on their business? -- New Zealand
 China has opened a 5G signal base at the __________radar station in the remote Himalayan region of Tibet which is the world's highest manually operated radar station at an elevation of 5,374 meters. -- Ganbala
 Name the electronic marketplace (web portal) providing a platform to connect Aqua Farmers and the Buyers (both at National & International levels) launched by the Union Minister of Commerce & Industry Piyush Goyal on 13 April 2021? -- ‘e-SANTA’ (Electronic Solution for Augmenting NaCSA farmers’ Trade in Aquaculture)
 The renewable energy arm of Larsen & Toubro (L&T) has been awarded the contract to build Saudi Arabia’s largest solar plant ___________________that has a capacity of 1.5GW.  -- Sudair Solar PV Project
 Which cricketer of New Zealand won his fourth Sir Richard Hadlee medal for excelling across formats and was also adjudged the ‘Test Player of the Year’ in the country’s annual cricket awards on 13th April 2021? -- Kane Williamson
 Who were declared as the ICC Player-of-the- Month award for March 2021? -- Bhuvneshwar Kumar (India) and Lizelle Lee (South Africa)
 Reuters has announced _____________ as its new editor-in-chief, the first woman to head the global news agency in its 170-year history? -- Alessandra Galloni
 Scientists have named a new species of small caddisfly after the Coronavirus pandemic – ‘Potamophylax coronavirus’ that was found in which country? -- Kosovo
 Which Indian Batsman has been appointed as the brand ambassador of SportzXchange, a fantasy sports platform? -- Prithvi Shaw
 On 11th April 2021, Capt Amarinder Singh, Chief Minister of Punjab announced the appointment of actor and philanthropist _____________as the brand ambassador of the anti-coronavirus vaccination programme of the government of Punjab. -- Sonu Sood
 On 13th April 2021, the World Health Organization called for a halt to the sale of ____________in food markets to prevent the emergence of new diseases such as COVID-19. -- live wild mammals
 Some 200 dinosaur footprints from the Late Cretaceous period have been discovered in an area measuring less than 100 square meters in a village in East China's Fujian Province, which the local team of scientists has termed as  -- "dinosaur dance floor"
 Name the member of the silver medal-winning 1958 Asian Games Indian hockey team, who died on 13 April 2021? -- Balbir Singh Jr
 Which movie won in four categories of Best Film, Best Actress (Frances McDormand), Best Cinematography, Best Director (Chloe Zhao) in BAFTA 2021 awards? -- Nomadland
 Who has been appointed as the Ombudsman-cum-Ethics Officer of Hyderabad Cricket Association? -- Justice Deepak Varma (former Supreme Court Judge)
 Which is a spring-time festival that marks the traditional New Year for Marathi and Konkani Hindus? -- Gudhi Padwa
 Sajibu Nongma Pānba, also called Meetei Cheiraoba or Sajibu Cheiraoba, is the lunar new year festival of the people who follow the religion of Sanamahism in the Indian state of - -- Manipur
  ___________ is the New Year day for the states of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana-observed on the first day of the Hindu lunisolar calendar month of Chaitra? -- Ugadi/Yugadi
 ___________marks the start of a New Year in Kerala and is the first day of the Malayalam calendar? -- Vishu
 Which festival marks the beginning of the Lunar Hindu New Year for Sindhi Hindus? -- Cheti Chand (Moon of Chaitra)
 What is the name of the New Year, observed by the Hindus of Kashmir on the first day (Pratipada Tithi) of Chaitra, Shukla Paksha? -- Navreh
 Which vaccine against Covid-19 developed by Russia, has been cleared for emergency use by the Drugs Controller General of India, the country’s drug regulator? -- Sputnik V
 Name the Pakistani human rights activist and former journalist, who won the Ramon Magsaysay award for his work on fostering India-Pakistan relations, passed away on 12 April 2021? -- Ibn Abdur Rehman
 Name the former judge of the Special CBI Court, who took oath as a Deputy Lok Ayukta of Uttar Pradesh on April 6, in the presence of Uttar Pradesh Lok Ayukta Justice Sanjay Mishra? -- Surendra Kumar Yadav
 The ambitious Indian Rhino Vision 2020 (IRV2020) came to a close on 13th April 2021 with the release of two rhinos — an adult male and a female — in Assam’s Manas National Park transported from _________________about 185 km to the east. -- Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary
 India has recently agreed to institute a ‘Strategic Partnership on Water’ with which country? -- Netherlands
 The government of India is organising four-day mass vaccination festival ‘Tika Utsav’ from April 11 to 14, 2021 to fight against the surging COVID-19 cases. Name the birth anniversaries of two Indian activists that fall respectively on 11th April and 14th April? -- Jyotiba Phule,Baba Saheb Ambedkar
 The Union Sports Minister Kiren Rijiju inaugurated the Khelo India Centre of Excellence in Rowing in Srinagar on 11th April 2021. The training centre is situated in which lake? -- Dal Lake
 Anshu Malik and Sonam Malik have secured the Tokyo Olympics berths in the 57-kg and 62-kg categories, respectively in which sports? -- Wrestling
 The birth anniversary of __________ on 11th April is observed as National Safe Motherhood Day. -- Kasturba Gandhi
 Which Sanskrit learning app was launched recently in Bangladesh and China? -- “Little Guru”
 Which volcano on the north Caribbean island of Saint Vincent in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines erupted most recently in April 2021? -- La Soufrière or Soufrière Saint Vincent
 The Haryana government has approved allotment of 140 acres of land to e-commerce major __________for setting up its largest fulfilment centre in Asia, having a covered area of 3 million square feet in Patli Hajipur in Gurugram district's Manesar. -- Flipkart
 The 30th Session BASIC Ministerial Meeting on Climate Change hosted by India virtually on April 7-8, 2021. Name the countries in BASIC grouping? -- Brazil, South Africa, India & China
 Which Municipal Corporation has become India’s first municipal corporation to issue municipal green bonds? -- Ghaziabad Municipal Corporation
 Britain’s Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and husband of _____________passed away at 99 on 9th April 2021.  -- Queen Elizabeth ii
 On 5th April 2021, who has been appointed as the first woman Director General (DG) of the National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER)? -- Poonam Gupta
 Name the Iran’s underground nuclear facility that lost power on 11 April 2021 just hours after starting up new advanced centrifuges capable of enriching uranium faster, the latest incident to strike the site amid negotiations over the tattered atomic accord with world powers? -- Natanz
 Former banker _______________won Ecuador’s presidential election on April 11 after his socialist opponent Andres Arauz conceded. -- Guillermo Lasso
 Name the certification scheme launched by the Marine Products Exports Development Authority (MPEDA) for production of antibiotic residue free shrimp to enhance the consumer confidence, to meet international standards and to promote hassle free export? -- SHAPHARI
 Recently, a consultation meeting of Education Ministers of E9 countries was held on the theme ‘E9 initiative: Scaling up digital learning to accelerate progress towards SDG4’. E9 countries include-  -- Bangladesh, Brazil, China, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Nigeria, and Pakistan
 Which Navy ship of the USA carried out a freedom of navigation patrols in India’s Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) off the coast of Lakshadweep islands without consent? -- USS John Paul Jones
 Name the first Arab woman (from United Arab Emirates) selected to be trained as an astronaut under NASA's 2021 Astronaut Candidate Class in the United States? -- Nora al-Matrooshi
 India has banned export of which anti-viral drug amid a surge in COVID-19 cases in the country? -- Remdesivir
 Name the largest ancient city that was recently discovered in Egypt dating over 3000 years ago? -- Aten
 Name the Iranian freighter that was hit by Israel in the Red Sea in retaliation for past Iranian strikes on its vessels? -- MV Saviz
 The Central government has decided to rope in the private sector to commence production of __________________from India’s opium crop to boost the yield of alkaloids, used for medical purposes and exported to several countries. -- Concentrated Poppy Straw (CPS)
 Name the clay-court Grand Slam tournament 2021 which was delayed by a week (set to start on May 23, but first-round matches will now get underway on May 30) due to coronavirus pandemic? -- French Open
 Who were the emissaries for the release of Central Reserve police force (CRPF) personnel Rakeshwar Singh Manhas who was captured by Maoists? -- Dharamlal Saini (Social Worker) and Telam Boraiya (Tribal Community Leader)
 Certain variants of the coronavirus, for instance, B.1.1.7 and B.1.351 — have been termed the __________ variant, respectively, because they have mutations associated with large spikes in these countries or reduce the efficacy of vaccines and are termed “variants of concern (VOC)”. -- “United Kingdom” and “South Africa”
 The ‘double mutant’ virus that scientists had flagged recently as having a bearing on the spread of the pandemic in India, has a formal scientific classification as -  -- B.1.617
 India has contributed an additional $500,000 to which fund of the UN, taking the country's donation to the UN office set up to combat terrorism to over $1 million? -- UN Trust Fund for Counter-Terrorism
 After the Samajwadi Party announced that it would celebrate 'Dalit Diwali' on Ambedkar Jayanti, the Uttar Pradesh BJP has declared that it would celebrate the occasion as the – -- 'Samrasta Diwas' ( Social Harmony Day)
 The Central government has set a payment default of Rs 10 lakh as the trigger for bankruptcy proceedings of small businesses under the new simplified scheme called – -- Pre-packs
 On 9th April 1965, a small contingent of CRPF defeated an invading Pakistani army, several time larger, at the Sardar Post located in the Rann of Kutch, Gujarat. This Day is observed by the CRPF as  -- Valour Day (Shaurya Diwas)
 Which country has recently urged the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to speed up his country’s membership in the alliance and expects that it will end fighting with pro-Russia separatists? -- Ukraine
 Who will head the jury for JCB Prize for Literature 2021? -- Sara Rai
 Which former WWE wrestler from India has been inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame Class of 2021 during the Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony, which took place on 6th April 2021? -- Dilip Singh Rana, alias The Great Khali
  A local court in Varanasi on 8th April 2021 directed the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to conduct a survey of which mosque, adjacent to the Kashi Vishwanath Temple, to find out whether it was a “superimposition, alteration or addition or if there is structural overlapping of any kind, with any other religious structure”? -- Gyanvapi Mosque
 On 7th April 2021, which spacecraft (orbiter) of NASA has completed 20 years and still working on Mars, that helped locate water ice, assess landing sites, and study the planet's mysterious moons? -- Mars Odyssey
 Which laboratory in the USA has recently declared first results from the Muon g-2 experiment that shows fundamental particles called muons behaving in a way that is not predicted by scientists’ best theory, the Standard Model of particle physics? -- Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory (Fermilab)
 Researchers from which institute of India have developed an advanced technique to precisely estimate the state of charge (SOC) in battery-powered electric vehicles? -- Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati
 Indian Railways completed the arch closure of the iconic Chenab Bridge in Jammu & Kashmir which is the world's highest railway bridge and is part of which rail link project? -- Udhampur-Srinagar-Baramulla Rail Link (USBRL)
 The Ministry of Health & Family Welfare has launched the Integrated Health Information Platform (IHIP), that is the next generation highly refined version of the presently used –  -- Integrated Disease Surveillance Programme (IDSP)
 The latest edition of the International Monetary Fund’s (IMF) World Economic Outlook has raised its Financial Year (FY) 2021 growth forecast for India to _________ from 11.5% estimated earlier in January 2021. -- 12.5%
 Recently, the Supreme Court told the government that interim appointments to the post of ___________cannot go on. -- CBI (Central Bureau of Investigation) Director
 S Ramann, the Chief Executive officer(CEO) of National e-Governance Services Ltd (NeSL), has been appointed as the Chairman and Managing Director (CMD) of – -- Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI)
 Name the Artificial Intelligence (AI) driven tool, launched by the Chief Justice of India (CJI) SA Bobde that will help in collecting relevant facts and laws related to cases, thereby easing the research process for Judges and speed up justice delivery? -- “Supreme Court Portal for Assistance in Court’s Efficiency (SUPACE)”
 Name the former Prime Minister of Sweden, who has been appointed as WHO Special Envoy for the Access to COVID-19 Tools Accelerator (ACT-Accelerator)? -- Carl Bildt
 Which Chinese smartphone major has appointed Indian cricketer Virat Kohli as its brand ambassador? -- Vivo
 The Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) has modified the guidelines pertaining to the transfer and posting of officials in the vigilance units of government organisations, restricting their tenure to ________years at one place. -- three
 Name the nuclear weapon developed by Russia that navigates the sea floor and can detonate along the coastline to flood the area with “radioactive tsunamis”? -- Poseidon 2M39 Torpedo
 Name the Tribal Health Collaborative launched on 7th April by the Union Health Ministry and the Union Tribal Affairs Ministry to enhance the health and nutrition status of the tribal communities of India by converging efforts of various Government agencies and organisations that is supported by Piramal Foundation and Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation (BMGF)? -- ‘Anamaya’
 The Reserve Bank of India has increased the limit for Way and Means Advances (WMA) for the State Governments/UTs from Rs. 32,225 crore (fixed in February 2016) to Rs. 47,010 crore based on the recommendation of a committee headed by-  -- Shri Sudhir Shrivastava
 Which Index will be published annually by the Reserve Bank of India to measure the extent of financial inclusion in the country? -- “Financial Inclusion Index” (FI Index)
 Astronomers have found that Uranus is emitting X-rays (like other ringed planets Jupiter and Saturn) for the first time, using NASA’s observatory called – -- Chandra X-ray Observatory
 Mahendra Singh Dhoni and Sakshi Singh Dhoni's production house, Dhoni Entertainment Pvt Ltd, has announced a joint venture with Black White Orange Brands Pvt Ltd (BWO) to create a secret-agent animated universe. The first edition in this universe will be based on the cricketer himself called  -- 'Captain 7'
 On 8th April 2021, which two Union Ministries have decided to converge their various schemes to support Self-Help Group (SHG) entrepreneurs in food processing; that is specifically focussed on the centrally sponsored Pradhan Mantri Formalisation of Micro Food Processing Enterprises (PM-FME) scheme? -- Ministry of Food Processing Industries (MoFPI) and Ministry of Rural Development (MoRD)
 India has imposed anti-dumping duty on imports of flexible slabstock polyol originating in or exported from which two countries, ranging between $101.8 and $235.02 per metric tonne, for a period of five years? -- Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates
 The Ministry of Women and Child Development (MWCD) celebrated __________across India under POSHAN Abhiyaan (Prime Minister’s Overarching Scheme for Holistic Nutrition) or National Nutrition Mission from March 16-31, 2021. -- ‘Poshan Pakhwada’ (Nutrition Fortnight)
 In a step towards making Ladakh a carbon-neutral zone a tripartite Memorandum of Understanding was signed among Union Territory Administration, Leh Hill Council and Solar Energy Corporation of India Limited (SECI Ltd) to set up a 50 MW solar power project at __________in Leh district. -- Taru
 With the theme “Building a fairer, healthier world for everyone”, the World Health Day 2021 was observed on – -- 7th April
 On 7th April 2021, the FIFA has suspended which two countries’ football associations for third party interference? -- Pakistan, Chad
 Which port has overtaken state-run Jawaharlal Nehru Port Trust (JNPT) to become the country’s largest container gateway by handling 5.65 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) in FY21, posting a growth of 18 per cent compared to last year? -- Mundra Port
 The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on 7th April 2021 announced an increase in the maximum end of day balance for Payment Banks to – -- Rs 2 lakh
 India has contributed USD 300,000 to which UN body for gender equality and women empowerment for the year 2021? -- UN Women
 The World Bank (WB) and Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) have approved the loan for the 300 Million USD canal-based drinking water project in – -- Punjab
 A new flowering species, belonging to the genus ‘Argyreia’ has been found from south Maharashtra’s Kolhapur district which is close to the Western Ghats ecological zone and named after – -- Sharad Power (Argyreia sharadchandraji)
 Name the former Prime Minister of Vietnam who has been appointed as the country’s new president? -- Nguyen Xuan Phuc
 Who has been appointed as the head of the BCCI’s Anti-Corruption Unit? -- Shabir Hussein Shekhadam Khandwawala
 On 5th April 2021, who was appointed as Vietnam’s Prime Minister? -- Pham Minh Chinh
 The first farm-based solar power plant under the Prime Minister’s Kisan Urja Suraksha Evum Utthan Mahabhiyan (KUSUM) scheme has come up in Bhaloji village of which state? -- Rajasthan
 Name the two contests started by the Tribal Cooperative Marketing Development Federation Ltd (TRIFED), for promoting and preserving their craft, culture, and lifestyle to improve their income? -- ‘Be the Brand Ambassador of Tribes India’ and‘Be A Friend of Tribes India’
 Russian scientists launched one of the world’s biggest underwater neutrino telescopes in the world’s deepest lake situated in Siberia called – -- Baikal-GVD (Gigaton Volume Detector)
 Name the 100 day drive launched by TRIFED under Ministry of Tribal Affairs that will evaluate 1500 villages in the country to activate Van Dhan Vikas Kendras?  -- “Sankalp se Siddhi” - Village and Digital Connect Drive
 A new book titled ‘Manohar Parrikar: Brilliant Mind, Simple Life’ is authored by – -- Nitin Gokhale
 Name the Dronacharya Awardee shooting coach who has given India some of its finest shooters, including guiding the likes of Olympic medallist Gagan Narang and Anjali Bhagwat; passed away recently? -- Sanjay Chakraverty
 The women’s cricket team of which country won its 22nd consecutive match and surpassed Ricky Ponting’s 2003 side to set a new ODI record? -- Australia
 The Maharashtra government has declared an area at ___________ in Western Ghats in Sindhudurg district as a biodiversity heritage site, following the discovery of a rare freshwater fish species- ‘Schistura Hiranyakeshi’. -- ‘Amboli
 Name the Indian sportsperson from Kerala who has won a gold medal in the 70-kg category at the South Asian Wushu Championship 2021, held in Nepal? -- Aniyan Midhun
 Who has been appointed as the new Mission Director for Atal Innovation Mission (AIM), a flagship initiative of the Government of India under the auspices of NITI Aayog? -- Dr Chintan Vaishnav
 According to the Union Environment Minister, India is not responsible for climate change as its contribution to historical carbon emission is only __________per cent whereas US accounts for 30 per cent, Europe 30 per cent and China accounts for nearly 20 per cent.  -- Three
 Name the private sector specialist appointed for the first time to head Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB), responsible for the appointment of top management posts in the Central Public Sector Enterprises (CPSEs)? -- Mallika Srinivasan
 According to the Union Environment Minister, India has already reduced its emissions intensity by nearly ______ per cent and it is committed to cut it by ____ per cent by 2031. -- 26, 35
 Name the Japanese Nobel laureate, inventor of first efficient blue LED, who passes away recently? -- Isamu Akasaki
 Indian Railways has logged highest ever electrification of sections covering over six thousand route kilometer in a single year during__________. -- 2020-21
 Which countries have recently agreed in high-level security talks to work together to keep up pressure on North Korea to give up its nuclear and ballistic missile programs? -- The United States, South Korea and Japan
 The Govt. of which state has launched lucky draw scheme to promote Covid vaccination in the state that will be conducted on the occasion of World Health Day on 7th April? -- Uttar Pradesh
 India topped the medal tally at 3rd Sheikh Hamdan bin Al Maktoum Dubai Para-Badminton International 2021 held in Dubai with how many medals, in which France and Malaysia came second and third respectively? -- 20 medals (4 gold, 6 silver and 10 bronze medals)
 From April 16 to 25, 2021 the upcoming Asian Weightlifting Championships to be held at -- Tashkent
 Which city will host the 2023 men's boxing World Championships? -- Tashkent, capital of Uzbekistan
 Name the first formal indigenous language and knowledge system school of Arunachal Pradesh launched at Rang Village, Seppa in East Kameng district? -- ‘Nyubu Nyvgam Yerko‘
 Indian Naval Air Squadron (INAS) 310, The Cobras, a maritime reconnaissance squadron of the Indian Navy based at Goa celebrated its Diamond Jubilee on 21 March 2021; it was commissioned at __________on 21 Mar 1961? -- Hyéres, France
 A study by the marine archaeology department of the National Institute of Oceanography (NIO) has found that the Chilika lake in Odisha was once part of the  -- Bay of Bengal
 Following the recommendations of Lt. Gen. D.B. Shekatkar (retd.) committee, the govt. has shut down Military Farms - supplying hygienic cow milk to troops -after 132 years; where was the first military farm raised on February 1, 1889?  -- Allahabad
 Russia's upper house of parliament, the_____________, has passed a bill enabling incumbent President Vladimir Putin to run for two more terms starting 2024. -- Federation Council
 Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Madras' startup GUVI has collaborated with the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to upskill 10 lakh Indians in coding through a one-day free workshop called – -- 'AI-For-India 1.0'
 Which is the first hotel in world to achieve LEED Zero Carbon Certification? -- ITC Windsor
 The Union Ministry of Youth Affairs & Sports has decided to extend the Khelo India scheme from 2021-22 to  -- 2025-26
 To commemorate the contribution of Indian peacekeepers during the Korean War from 1950 to 53, Indian Defence Minister Rajnath Singh and South Korean Defence Minister Suh Wook inaugurated the Indo-Korean Bilateral Friendship Park in - -- Delhi Cantt.
 A massive container ship____________ has been stuck in the Suez Canal recently, the world’s busiest shipping route connecting Mediterranean Sea to the Red Sea through the Isthmus of Suez and dividing Africa and Asia. -- Ever Given
 Who has been appointed as CMD of Food Corporation of India (FCI)? -- Atish Chandra
 Who has been appointed as Chairman of Airports Authority of India? -- Sanjeev Kumar
 Who has been appointed as the CEO of Unique Identification of Authority of India (UIDAI)? -- Saurabh Garg
 Who has been selected for the ‘Maharashtra Bhushan’ award 2020, given by the Govt. of Maharashtra?  -- Asha Bhosle
 Name the Japanese footballer who was the first receiver at the start of Olympic Torch Relay for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games that was kicked off in Fukushima, Japan on 25th March 2021? -- lwashimizu Azusa
 ________________, a track by New Zealand singer Gin Wigmore, has been announced as the official song of the 2022 ICC Women's World Cup to be hosted in New Zealand from 4 March to 3 April, 2022. -- ‘Girl Gang’
 Who will lead the advisory committee to evaluate applications for universal banks and small finance banks - set up by the Reserve Bank of India? -- Shyamala Gopinath
 Name a member of the Red Cross Movement offering the world’s first catastrophe bond for volcanic eruptions, which is designed to improve the provision and efficiency of humanitarian relief after eruptions of 10 volcanoes across three continents? -- Danish Red Cross
 India and which country on 24th March agreed to re-establish ‘Homeland Security Dialogue’ that was stalled after two meets in 2011 and 2013? -- USA
 On the occasion of the birth centenary of the founding father of Bangladesh Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, renowned vocalist Pandit Ajoy Chakrabarty has composed a new Raag named _________ as a tribute to the Bangabandhu. -- ‘Moitree’
 World Tuberculosis Day is observed on 24th March every year to commemorate the anniversary of Dr. Robert Koch’s discovery of the TB bacteria in 1882.The theme of World TB Day 2021 is  -- ‘The Clock is Ticking’
 Who won the Men’s and Women’s Singles title at the recently held All England Badminton Championships respectively?  -- Lee Zii Jia (Malaysia), Nozomi Okuhara (Japan)
 India Legends defeated Sri Lanka Legends in the final of first Road Safety World Series T20I played at Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Stadium in -- Raipur, Chhattisgarh
 With the theme "Forest restoration: a path to recovery and well-being", International Day of Forests for 2021 was observed on  -- 21 March
 What is the theme of World Water Day 2021, observed on 22nd March? -- 'Valuing Water'
 Name the writer and filmmaker known for films like "Kabhi Kabhie", "Silsila", and "Bazaar" who passed away recently? -- Sagar Sarhadi
 The Parliament of India has passed the Constitution (Scheduled Castes) Order (Amendment) Bill, 2021 to modify the list of Scheduled Castes in which state? -- Tamil Nadu
 The Minister of Jal Shakti and the Chief Ministers of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh signed a historic Memorandum of Agreement on 22 March 2021 to implement  -- Ken-Betwa Link Project
 Name the campaign launched by the Prime Minister of India on World Water Day (22 March) which aims to ''conserve rainwater when it falls, where it falls so that water reaches every corner of the nation''? --  ‘Catch the Rain’
 The Parliament of India recently passed Insurance (Amendment) Bill, 2021 that provides to increase the foreign direct investment limit from existing 49 per cent to _________per cent.  -- 74
 The annual India-Pakistan meeting of the Permanent Indus Commission that deals with water rights on the Indus river will be held on 23rd March 2021 at  -- New Delhi
 On 23rd March, the Lok Sabha passed Marine Aids to Navigation Bill, 2021 to replace which old lighthouses law? -- Lighthouse Act, 1927
 Which state has launched SAAMAR (Strategic Action for Alleviation of Malnutrition and Anemia Reduction) campaign to tackle malnutrition? -- Jharkhand
 What was the theme of International Happiness Day 2021 celebrated on 20th March? -- “Happiness For All, Forever”
 What was the theme of world Sparrow Day observed on 20th March?  -- “I Love Sparrows”
 The fifteenth meeting of the Conference of the Parties (COP 15) to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) will be held in –  -- Kunming, China
 The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) will establish a 'Space Technology Incubation Center' (S-TIC) at the National Institute of Technology (NIT) at – -- Rourkela, Odisha
 Who became the first Indian paddler to qualify for the Tokyo Olympic Games after a win over Pakistan's Muhammad Rameez at the Asian Olympic Qualification tournament in Doha? -- Achanta Sharath Kamal
 Chief of Army staff General MM Naravane dedicated to the people the memorial of Param Vir Chakra awardee______________, who laid down his life in 1999 Kargil war at his native village Rura in Sitapur district of Uttar Pradesh.  -- Captain Manoj Pandey
 Which Public Sector Undertaking under Ministry of Power has been conferred the prestigious ‘Role Model’ Award at the 11th CII National HR Excellence Award 2020-21? -- NTPC Ltd
 Indigenously built Indian Naval Landing Craft Utility (LCU) L58, the eighth and last ship of the Landing Craft Utility (LCU) Mark IV Class manufactured by ______________, was commissioned into the Indian Navy at Port Blair, Andaman & Nicobar Islands on March 18, 2021.  -- Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers (GRSE)
 Name the Asian Championship bronze medallist boxer from India who beat reigning world champion Ekaterina Paltceva of Russia to breeze into the women's 51kg quarterfinals at the Bosphorus Boxing tournament in Istanbul, Turkey? -- Nikhat Zareen
 Former Indian Cricketer _________has been inducted into the Professional Golf Tour of India (PGTI) as a board member. -- Kapil Dev
 The Parliament of India has passed the Medical Termination of Pregnancy (Amendment) Bill, 2020 which provides for an outer limit of ________ weeks for medical termination of pregnancy. -- 24
 Who is the author of “India’s Power Elite: Caste, Class, and Cultural Revolution” – a new book to be released in April 2021? -- Sanjaya Baru
 Name the public sector undertaking set up in 1958 as ‘Indian Handicrafts Development Corp’ to undertake handicrafts and handloom exports that has been closed recently? -- Handicrafts and Handlooms Export Corporation of India Limited (HHEC)
 Bhartiya Prakritik Krishi Padhati (BPKP) is introduced as a sub scheme of __________since 2020-21 for the promotion of traditional indigenous practices including natural farming.  -- Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojana (PKVY)
 Name the Bolivia’s former President who has been sent to four month jail term for helping a coup that led to the removal of longtime leader Evo Morales from power in 2019? -- Jeanine Anez
 Who chaired the virtual 6th India-Brazil-South Africa (IBSA) Women’s Forum meeting held on 16th March 2021? -- Smriti Zubin Irani
 Italy has signed the International Solar Alliance under the amended ISA Framework Agreement. The amendments to the Framework Agreement of the ISA entered into force, opening its Membership to all Member States of the_________.  -- UN
 The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) has predicted that the __________is the largest to pass by Earth in 2021 and it will be at its closest on 21st March. -- asteroid ‘2001 FO32’
 In which country Sangay volcano is located that erupted recently? -- Ecuador
 The Ministry of Power has launched "Energy Efficiency Enterprise (E3) Certifications Programme for _________manufacturing Sector. -- Brick
 The Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) recently launched the sounding rocket _________ to study altitudinal variations in the neutral winds and plasma dynamics at Satish Dhawan Space Centre (SDSC), Sriharikota Range (SHAR). -- RH-560
 The world’s most powerful supercomputer named___________, developed by Japanese scientific research institute RIKEN and Fujitsu, has been made available for research work. -- Fugaku
 INS Jalashwa arrives at port of Anjouan with 1000 metric tonnes of rice as humanitarian assistance to which country? -- Comoros
 The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has announced a new scheme, under which any tourist vehicle operator may apply for an “All India Tourist Authorization/Permit” through online mode. The new set of rules, to be known as  -- All India Tourist Vehicles Authorization and Permit Rules, 2021
 Name the female artist who has won most (28) Grammy awards and surpassed Alison Krauss' previously held record of 27 wins? -- Beyoncé
 Who is the first batsman to reach 3,000 runs in T20 internationals? -- Virat Kohli
 Who is India’s first ever fencer to qualify for the Olympics? -- Bhavani Devi
 The European Parliament has symbolically declared the entire 27-member bloc as an “_________Freedom Zone". -- LGBTIQ (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans, Non-Binary, Intersex and Queer)
 Mithali Raj has become the first Indian batter, and only the second overall, to score 10,000 runs in women's international cricket. Who is the only woman to achieve that feat? -- Charlotte Edwards, England
 India’s biggest floating solar power plant by generation capacity (100MW) is being developed by the ____________________ at Ramagundam in Peddapalli district of Telangana. -- National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC)
 The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Education has recommended that all government schools start providing free ___________in the coming academic year, as a part of an expansion of midday meal scheme envisaged by National Education Policy. -- breakfast
 The BRICS Contact Group on Economic and Trade Issues (CGETI) leads held their first meeting under India’s Chairship from 9-11 March 2021. The theme of BRICS this year is – -- "BRICS@15: Intra BRICS Cooperation for Continuity, Consolidation, and Consensus”
 Which bank has topped for the third consecutive months in the “Digital Payment Scorecard” released by the Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY)? -- State Bank of India (SBI)
 Actor Deepika Padukone has joined the list of the Young Global Leaders (YGLs) compiled by the -- World Economic Forum
 Name the Union Minister who has become the first serving MP to be appointed as Captain in the Territorial Army and has been promoted to the rank of Captain at 124 Infantry Battalion Territorial Army (Sikh)? -- Anurag Thakur
 Leaders of the China National Space Administration (CNSA) and Roscosmos, Russia's federal space agency, signed a memorandum of understanding on the construction of a moon outpost called  -- International Lunar Research Station (ILRS).
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Statistician of India (CSI) for a period of two years? -- Dr G P Samanta
 Who has been appointed as the new Chief Minister of Uttarakhand after the resignation of Trivendra Singh Rawat? -- Tirath Singh Rawat
 Name the left-handed Indian batswoman who became the first-ever cricketer, male or female, to smash 10 consecutive scores of 50 or more in ODIs during the run chases? -- Smriti Mandhana
 The recently inaugurated Maitri Setu connecting Sabroom in Tripura with Ramgarh in Bangladesh is built over which river? -- Feni
 प्रधानमंत्री नरेंद्र मोदी ने 7 मार्च को 'जन औषधि दिवस' के अवसर पर किस स्थान पर 7500वें जन- औषधि केंद्र को राष्ट्र को समर्पित किया? -- पूर्वोत्तर इंदिरा गांधी क्षेत्रीय स्वास्थ्य और चिकित्सा विज्ञान संस्थान, शिलांग
 Name the Indian-American financial services industry veteran who has been appointed as the first Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York? -- Naureen Hassan
 The UN Crime Congress has kicked off in the Japanese city of  -- Kyoto
 What is the theme this year’s International Women's Day (8th March 2021)? -- ‘Women in leadership: Achieving an equal future in a COVID-19 world’
 India's ace shuttler PV Sindhu settled for a silver medal in the BWF Swiss Open Super 300 at Basel, as she went down against World No. 3 Spaniard and reigning Olympic champion __________ in the final of the women's singles event. -- Carolina Marin
 In wrestling, World Championship bronze medallist ___________has clinched a gold medal by defeating his familiar rival Tulga Tumur Ochir of Mongolia in the Matteo Pallicone World Ranking Series event in Rome. -- Bajrang Punia
 The Ministry of Road Transport and Highways has made it mandatory for vehicle manufacturers to fit airbag for the person occupying the front seat other than the driver. It is applicable on vehicles manufactured on and after _________this year in case of new models and ___________ in case of existing models. -- 1st April, 31st August, 2021
 The Ministry of Information and Broadcasting in collaboration with ___________has decided to form a Centre of Excellence in gaming and other related areas. -- IIT Bombay
 Which scientific organization has been commissioned to conduct first ever genome and proteome mapping (micro nutrients) present inside single-cell organisms in the Indian Ocean? -- CSIR-National Institute of Oceanography (NIO)
 An Index of 158 countries (released on 25 February, 2021) in ‘Technology and Innovation Report 2021’, India was the greatest ‘overperformer’ that spotlights developing countries that perform better on frontier technologies than their per capita GDPs would suggest. The report was released by  -- UNCTAD
 The Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi was conferred with the 'Global Energy and Environment Leadership Award' by –  -- Cambridge Energy Research Associates (CERA)
 The 75th years of India’s Independence celebrations are proposed to be launched 75 weeks prior to 15th August 2022 i.e. on 12 March, 2021, which is the 91st anniversary of the historic _____________Satyagraha led by Mahatma Gandhi.  -- Salt
 Government of India will commemorate 75 years of India’s Independence which falls on 15th August 2022 at national and international level in the form of  -- ‘Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav’
 The 30th Bihari Puraskar for 2020 will be given to Mohankrishna Bohara for his Hindi book of criticism, titled -- Taslima: Sangharsh aur Sahitya
 An entire week from 1st March to 7th March 2021 is being celebrated as ‘Janaushadhi Week’ across the nation, and the last day of the week i.e. 7th March will be celebrated as ‘Janaushadhi Diwas’. What is the theme of this year’s celebration? -- “Jan Aushadhi - Seva bhi, Rozgar bhi”
 “Freedom in the World 2021 - Democracy under Siege” – a report published by_____________, a US government-funded NGO has downgraded India’s status from ‘Free’ to ‘Partly Free’.  -- Freedom House
 The US Department of Commerce is preparing to tax _____________exporters from 18 countries including India after determining they had benefited from subsidies and dumping. -- Aluminum Sheet
 Who has been appointed as India’s next High Commissioner to Australia? -- Manpreet Vohra
 Which mission has been approved for implementation in 21 States and Union Territories of India wherein available knowledgebase in CSIR Institutes will be utilized and leveraged to help Indian farmers and industry re-position itself to meet the import requirements of flower? -- CSIR Floriculture Mission
 Name the Gambian lawyer and chief prosecutor of the International Criminal Courts, headquartered at The Hague who has launched a formal inquiry into alleged crimes in the occupied Palestinian territories? -- Fatou Bom Bensouda
 National Safety Day is observed to celebrate the foundation of the National Safety Council on March 4 every year. The theme of National Safety Day 2021 is  -- ‘Sadak Suraksha (Road Safety)’
 Kieron Pollard became third player to hit six sixes in an international cricket event after Herschelle Gibbs (South Africa) and Yuvraj Singh (India). He achieved this feat against which bowler of Sri Lanka - just got a hat-trick in that game? -- Akila Dananjaya
 What was the theme of the World Wildlife Day 2021, observed on 3rd March 2021? -- "Forests and Livelihoods: Sustaining People and Planet.”
 Which is India’s first grade separated urban expressway, being constructed under the Centre's Bharatmala Project? -- Dwarka Expressway (NH – 248BB)
 According to the Ministry of Power, the average rural power supply duration has increased from 12.5 hours in 2014-15 to ______ hours in 2019-20. -- 18.5
 India and has signed a key agreement to facilitate government-to-government deals on military hardware, including the potential supply of BrahMos cruise missiles with which country? -- Philippines
 The first of its kind in North Kashmir, Community Radio Station with the tagline “Radio Chinar 90.4, Har Dil Ki Dhadkan” was inaugurated 04 Mar 2021 by the ________. -- Indian Army
 12 Indian institutions have made it to the top 100 of QS World University Rankings by Subject 2021. Which Indian institute ranked 30th and best in India for Petroleum Engineering? -- IIT Madras
 The United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) on __________ unanimously adopted a resolution sponsored by India to declare 2023 as the ‘International Year of Millets’. -- 3rd March 2021
 Combined Commanders’ Conference (CCC); a premier brain-storming event of the Military Commanders from the three Services of India has commenced at  -- Kevadia in Gujarat
 Name the new scheme announced in the annual budget of Gujarat under which houses will be constructed for labourers at concessional rate on Public Private Partnership (PPP) basis? -- ‘MASIHA’
 Name the United Nations Human Rights Investigator on Myanmar who urged the Security Council to impose a global arms embargo and economic sanctions on the military generals and move the atrocities to the International Criminal Court for prosecution? -- Thomas Andrews
 Which country is building world’s 1st sanctuary for ‘Platypus’, an egg laying mammal?  -- Australia
 China’s biggest annual political meetings known as the___________ or 'lianghui' will kick off in Beijing. -- ‘Two Sessions’
 Name the report brought out by the UN Environment Programme (UNEP) and partner organization WRAP that revealed that more than 930 million tonnes of food is thrown away in waste bins every year? -- Food Waste Index Report 2021
 India’s National Programme for Prevention and Control of Deafness targets _____% of the population who have disabling hearing loss and require interventions.  -- 6
 With the theme “Hearing care for ALL! Screen. Rehabilitate. Communicate” the World Hearing Day 2021 was observed on -- 3rd March
 To empower women the government of which state has launched "Gharoki Paachan, Chelik Naam" (daughter''s name is a home''s identity) programme? -- Uttarakhand
 India’s Varun Kapur and Malvika Bansod clinched the men’s and women’s singles titles respectively at the 2021 Uganda International Badminton tournament held in  -- Kampala
 Who is the first-ever ambassador from the United Arab Emirates to Israel after the two countries established full diplomatic relations under the Abraham Accords, a pact brokered by former US President Donald Trump? -- Mohamed Al Khaja
 Who has been given an additional charge of CRPF director general (DG) after incumbent chief A P Maheshwari retired? -- Kuldiep Singh
 Which State/Union Territory has won the maximum number of medals in the second edition of the Khelo India Winter National Games that concluded at Gulmarg, in J&K? -- Jammu and Kashmir
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of Sansad TV? -- Ravi Capoor
 Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha Television — the two TV channels that broadcast the proceedings of the upper and lower Houses of Parliament, respectively — have been formally merged into a single entity called  -- ‘Sansad Television’
 Name the six-time world champion boxer from India who has been elected as the chairperson of the International Boxing Association's (AIBA) champions and veterans committee, a panel created last year by the world body as part of its reforms? -- MC Mary Kom
 Which railway station of Central Railway is the first railway station in Maharashtra to be awarded with Gold certification as per CII’s Indian Green Building Council (IGBC) ratings? -- Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj Terminus Railway Station
 On the margins of the virtual Maritime India Summit-2021, held from March 2-4, 2021, in Delhi, India observed 'Chabahar Day' on – -- 4th March 2021
 Indigenous Covid-19 vaccine of COVAXIN, developed by ICMR & Bharat Biotech has demonstrated interim clinical efficacy of _____ per cent in its phase three trial.  -- 81
 The first transgender toilet of Uttar Pradesh has been built by the government in the ______________under the Smart City project to ensure the participation of the community in the cleanliness of the city. -- Kamachha area of Varanasi
 A major Bamboo Agarbatti Stick making unit named “Keshari Bio Products LLP” has been inaugurated at Bajali district - a newly formed district of which state? -- Assam
 Which is the only city from India to have been recognised as a ‘2020 Tree City of the World’ by the Arbor Day Foundation and the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) for its commitment to growing and maintaining urban forests? -- Hyderabad
 The Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB), a statutory body established by the Government of India under the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change to combat organised wildlife crime has received the Asia Environmental Enforcement Award-2020 awarded by the -- United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)
 Who was conferred the Skoch Chief Minister of the Year award? -- Y.S. Jagan Mohan Reddy
 NASA’s Perseverance rover has landed on which crater of Mars? -- Jezero Crater
 Who beat Reeth Rishya to win the 82nd Senior National Table Tennis Championships title held at the Tau Devi Lal Indoor Stadium in Panchkula? -- Manika Batra
 The Animal Welfare Board of India (AWBI), established under Section 4 of which Act confers Prani Mitra awards and Jeev Daya awards for outstanding performance in the field of animal welfare? -- Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, 1960
 Which West African country has most recently declared an Ebola outbreak in one of its regions? -- Guinea
 Name the Indian-origin investment and development banker who has been appointed as the Executive Secretary of United Nations Capital Development Fund (UNCDF) - the New York-headquarted organisation that provides micro-finance access to Least Developed Countries (LDCs)? -- Preeti Sinha
 The International Solar Alliance (ISA) has announced ________________ as its new Director-General who will replace Mr Upendra Tripathy, who served it since it was founded in 2015. -- Dr Ajay Mathur
 Name the nano-satellite developed by Chennai-based SpaceKidz India that will carry a copy of the Bhagavad Gita, a photograph of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and the names of 25,000 individuals to space on-board Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV? -- Satish Dhawan Satellite, or SD SAT
 Which country has overtaken the United States (US) as the biggest trading partner of the European Union (EU) in 2020, according to the data by the European Union statistics agency, Eurostat? -- The People’s Republic of China
 India’s first full-fledged international cruise terminal ‘Sagarika’ has been inaugurated at- -- Kochi
 Which festival is celebrated across J&K's Chenab valley, mainly Nag followers who believe that on this day of Gouri Tritiya, Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvati got married and the latter insisted on a throne made of snow as her wedding gift? -- Kanchoth Festival
 The second phase of which programme was commenced on the occasion of International Day of Women and Girls in Science on February 11, 2021, that will spread the programme for encouraging girls to take interest in science and build a career in STEM to 50 more districts adding to the existing 50 districts across the country? -- Vigyan Jyoti
 The upcoming 210 kilometres long ___________Expressway is all set to become India’s first highway with 12 km long elevated corridor for the protection of wildlife and also be Asia’s largest wildlife corridor? -- Delhi-Dehradun
 Who will head the eight-member Expert Committee on Primary (Urban) Co-operative Banks to examine issues and provide a road map for strengthening the sector, leveraging on the recent amendments to Banking Regulation Act? -- NS Vishwanathan
 The 11th Rashtriya Sanskriti Mahotsav is being organised during 14th to 28th February in West Bengal at which three places? -- Cooch Behar, Darjeeling and Murshidabad
 With just 1 per cent of the world's vehicles, India accounts for 11 per cent of the global death in road accidents, the highest in the world, according to a report titled ‘Traffic Crash Injuries and Disabilities: The Burden on Indian Society’ brought out by the – -- World Bank
 In the 143-year history of Test cricket who is the first bowler to take 200 wickets against left-handed batsmen? -- Ravichandran Ashwin
 Name the former governor of Jharkhand and Bihar and Chief Justice of the Punjab and Haryana High Court who passed away recently? -- Justice Mandagadde Rama Jois
 To strengthen skills training at district level, the Skills Development Ministry has launched the Mahatma Gandhi National Fellowship (MGNF) programme in partnership with nine Indian Institutes of Management across India under the World Bank loan assisted programme called – -- SANKALP (Skills Acquisition and Knowledge Awareness for Livelihood Promotion)
 Name the 'conjecture generator' machine developed by researchers using AI and computer automation, that creates mathematical conjectures, which are considered to be the starting point for developing mathematical theorems? -- Ramanujan Machine
 Name the month-long exercise being conducted by the Pakistan Army in the Thar Desert of Sindh province? -- Jidar-ul-Hadeed
 Indian astronomers have detected one of the strongest optical flares from a feeding super massive black hole called BL Lacertae blazar with the help of Sampurnanand Telescope (ST) and 1.3m Devasthal Fast Optical Telescopes located in_________. -- Nainital
 The Arjun Main Battle Tank project was initiated by DRDO in 1972 with the Combat Vehicles Research and Development Establishment (CVRDE) as its lead laboratory. Mass production began in 1996 at the Indian Ordnance Factory’s production facility in__________, Tamil Nadu. -- Avadi
 Name the government instant messaging system (GIMS) launched by the National Informatics Centre on the lines of WhatsApp? -- Sandes
 What is the base year of National Coal Index (NCI) which was rolled out in 4th June 2020 to arrive at the revenue share based on market prices of coal - which is a price index that reflects the change of price level of coal on a particular month relative to the fixed base year? -- FY 2017-18
 Recent death of elephants in Karlapat Wildlife Sanctuary in Kalahandi district of Odisha has been attributed to haemorrhagic septicaemia (Sahana Disease) caused by – -- Bacteria
 Name the British MP and president-designate of the 26th UN Climate Change Conference of the Parties (COP-26), which is scheduled to be held at Glasgow, UK in November 2021? -- Alok Sharma
 What is the theme of the World Sustainable Development Summit 2021? -- ‘Redefining our common future: Safe and secure environment for all’
 In India, the National Women’s Day is observed every year on 13 February to commemorate the birth anniversary of -- Sarojini Naidu
 Name the new variety of marigold developed by the Indian Institute of Horticultural Research (IIHR), Bengaluru with highest carotene (mainly used in pharmaceutical sector) content from plant source and could be used for ornamental purpose as well in poultry sector (petals could be used as poultry feed to get quality yolk)? -- Arka Shubha
 Name the winner of VLCC Femina Miss India World 2020, who will represent India at the 70th Miss World pageant in December 2021? -- Manasa Varanasi (Telangana)
 Name the first Tamil film (Directed by debutant PS Vinothraj) that won the prestigious Tiger Award in the competition section of the International Film Festival of Rotterdam? -- Koozhangal
 Name the head of the Tokyo Olympics 2020, a former Prime Minister, who drew criticism over sexist comments against women and resigned recently? -- Yoshiro Mori
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Justice of the Manipur High Court? -- Justice Puligoru Venkata Sanjay Kumar
 In a first for an Indian State, _______ has signed a memorandum of understanding with the UN Environment Programme to achieve climate resilience and low carbon development by 2040. -- Bihar
 To take on Google Maps, Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) and digital mapping and location-based deep-tech company ____________ have announced a new initiative to offer a fully indigenous, mapping portal and geospatial services. -- MapmyIndia
 Who is the author of the book titled ‘By Many a Happy Accident: Recollections of a Life’ -- Mohammad Hamid Ansari
 Who has been appointed as the Prime Minister of Italy? -- Mario Draghi
 In a bid to bring 'ease of living' to the family members of deceased government employees, the Department of Pension and Pensioners' Welfare (DoPPW) has decided to raise the upper ceiling of family pensions from Rs. 45,000 to _________per month. -- Rs. 1.25 lakh
 Who will head the Expert Committee set up by the Govt. to review a proposal to ban 27 pesticides? -- TP Rajendran
 "Sunny Side", the erstwhile ancestral house of _____________, who served as the Chief of Army Staff from 1957 to 1961, has been converted into a museum. -- General Kodandera Subayya Thimayya
 World Unani Day is observed on February 11 every year on the birth anniversary of great Unani scholar and social reformer  -- Hakim Ajmal Khan
 Name the third company after Adani Total Gas and Torrent Gas to acquire five per cent stake of the Indian Gas Exchange (IGX)? -- GAIL (India) Ltd
 Which state has approved the proposal for implementation of the ‘Rejuvenating Watersheds for Agricultural Resilience through Innovative Development (REWARD)’ project to ensure efficient water management & enhanced cropping area? -- Odisha
 The National Productivity Day is annually organised by the National Productivity Council (NPC) across India on __________ to create awareness about productivity, that maximum output with optimum utilization of resources can be planned and achieved.  -- 12th February
 Name the male and female winner of the inaugural ICC Player of the Month (for January 2021) award? -- Rishabh Pant (India), Shabnim Ismail (South Africa)
 Which state has introduced a system of issuing a unique 16-digit Unicode to mark all kinds of landholdings in the state that would check cases of land disputes and save people from falling into the trap of fraudsters? -- Uttar Pradesh
 Name the 31st district of Karnataka created on 8th February, 2021 and was carved out of Ballari district? -- Vijayanagara
 To put impact-based flood forecasting mechanism in place, which State/UT has joined hands with UK Space Agency's programme for a collaborative project on "Impact Based Flood Forecasting using Earth Observation (EO) based Information?  -- Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir
 The World Pulses Day falls on February 10 every year. What was the theme of World Pulses Day 2021 observed on 10th February? --  “Nutritious Seeds for a Sustainable Future”
 The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) has approved the establishment of a fifth tiger reserve in which state surround the Meghamalai and Srivilliputhur Grizzly Squirrel Wildlife Sanctuary? -- Tamil Nadu
  A maiden contingent of 34 CRPF women personnel was recently inducted into its specialised jungle warfare commando force called – -- Commando Battalion for Resolute Action (CoBRA)
 The Centre has extended the tenure of which Commission until 31st July, 2021 to submit its report on Sub-categorisation of Other Backward Classes (OBCs)? -- Rohini Commission
 While observing the birth centenary of legendary classical singer Pandit Bhimsen Joshi, the Union Ministry for Information & Broadcasting has renamed prestigious Akashvani Music Festival -‘Aakashvani Sangeet Sammelan’ as  -- Bharat Ratna Pandit Bhimsen Joshi Akashvani Sangeet Sammelan
 Name the road infrastructure project launched recently by the Prime Minister of India in Dhekiajuli of Sonitpur district (Assam) in line with ‘Bharat Mala Project”? -- ‘Asom Mala’
 In significant findings about earthquake in North Eastern region which falls in the active seismic zone 5, scientists have found the first geological evidence of an earthquake at Himebasti Village on the border of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh documented by historians as the  -- ‘Sadiya Earthquake’
 Name the 25-year old from Kashmir who is the youngest female pilot in the country and also in the year 2011 became the youngest student pilot to get a license at the age of 15? -- Ayesha Aziz
 In the Budgetary context, _____________is just the estimate of expenses the outgoing government requires before the General Election’s period.  -- ‘Vote on Account’
 The Reserve Bank of India has projected India’s GDP growth at _________ per cent for FY22 that is lower than that of the Economic Survey that projected India to grow at a rate of 11. -- 10.5
 Kerala’s first Human Milk Bank has been inaugurated at -- Ernakulam General Hospital
 To honour Subhash Chandra Bose on his 125th anniversary, which state is going to form a Netaji Battallion, Netaji State Planning Commission, and in all districts a Jay Hind Bhawan? -- West Bengal
 On which river the Lakhwar Electricity Project will be constructed in Dehradun (Uttarakhand) that has recently got approval from the Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change (MoEFCC)? -- Yamuna
 In which district of Assam the first Heliport of the state has been inaugurated recently? -- Majuli
 One District One Product (ODOP) initiative is operationally merged with ‘Districts as Export Hub’ initiative. ‘Districts as Export Hub’ initiative is being implemented by__________, Department of Commerce. -- Director General of Foreign Trade (DGFT)
 Defence PSU Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers Ltd (GRSE) has signed a contract to deliver a fast patrol vessel (FPV) to Seychelles named  -- 'Zoroaster'
 To honour Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose, the Union Ministry of Education has decided to name residential schools/ hostels funded under __________of MoE, as “Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose residential schools/hostels”. -- Samagra Shiksha
 Which state has become first in the country to make end to end processing of the cabinet paperless by implementing e-cabinet application? -- Himachal Pradesh
 An amendment to the Government of India (Allocation of Business) Rules, 1961 has been notified, to enable which ministry to look after the development of Ropeways and Alternate Mobility Solutions? -- Ministry of Road Transport and Highways
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of the National Safety Council, which has a major role to play to ensure safety in work places under new Occupational Safety, Health and Working Conditions Code, 2020 (OSH Code, 2020)? -- S.N. Subrahmanyan, CEO and MD, L&T Ltd
 Name the startup founded by former scientists of ISRO which has signed a Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) with Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) on behalf of Department of Space (DoS), through which it can use the facilities & technical expertise in ISRO centers for development of their Launch Vehicle Development Program? -- Skyroot Aerospace
 The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has appointed an external professional IT firm to carry out a special audit of the entire IT infrastructure of which bank under Section 30 (1-B) of the Banking Regulation Act, 1949? -- HDFC Bank
 The Democracy Index brought out by The Economist Intelligence Unit (Out of 167 countries) classifies 23 countries as full democracies, 52 as flawed democracies, 35 as hybrid regimes and 57 as authoritarian regimes. India slipped two places to 53rd position in 2020 Index and has been classified as which of the above categories along with countries such as the US, France, Belgium and Brazil? -- ‘flawed democracy’
 For which trainer aircraft Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) has received a Request for Proposal from Indian Air Force? -- HTT 40
 Oxford Languages, the world’s leading dictionary publisher, has named ______________as the Hindi word of the year 2020. -- ‘Aatmanirbharta’
 The first of its kind ‘amputee clinic’ in India has been launched by the Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research (PGIMER), a premier medical and research institution in ­­­­­­­­­­­___________. -- Chandigarh
 “Police” and “Public Order” are State subjects as per which Schedule of the Constitution of India? -- Seventh
 Turmeric is mainly grown in Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka, Kerala, Maharashtra, Odisha, West Bengal and the North Eastern states; which is the largest producer of the spice in the country? -- Telangana
 A team of researchers have discovered Cyrtodactylus arunachalensis, a new species of bent-toed _________from Arunachal Pradesh. -- Geckos
 Who has been appointed as the interim director of the Central Bureau of Investigation after the retirement of Rishi Kumar Shukla? -- Praveen Sinha
 The International Space Station’s primary power system originally used ___________batteries for storage which were replaced recently by lithium-ion batteries. -- nickel-hydrogen
 Who has been re-elected as President of the Boxing Federation of India (BFI)? -- Ajay Singh
 On 4th February 2021, the birth centenary of Bharat Ratna awardee Pandit Bhimsen Joshi was celebrated. He belonged to which gharana of Hindustani classical music? -- Kirana Gharana
 What is the name of the robot made by engineering college students in Hubballi, Karnataka, which has been programmed to serve in banks and speaks in many regional languages? -- Maya
 Who is the author of the book titled ‘The Little Book of Encouragement’, in which he has shared quotes and words of wisdom to promote human happiness? -- the Dalai Lama
 Name the former right-arm fast bowler from Australia who has been inducted into the Australian Cricket Hall of Fame recently? -- Merv Hughes
 Who has been awarded with the ‘J. C. Daniel Award’ - Kerala's highest award in Malayalam cinema? -- Hariharan, Filmmaker
 Name the Indian-American scientist who has been appointed by NASA as acting Chief of Staff? -- Bhavya Lal
 What was the theme for World Wetlands Day 2021? -- ‘Wetlands and Water’
 Name the first commercial space launch vehicle powered by biofuel that was launched by Maine, USA-based aerospace startup, bluShift Aerospace? -- Stardust 1.0
 The Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) has replaced which animal that were used to detect and identify pathogenic organisms that make animal feed unfit for consumption and replaced by another standard test?  -- Guinea Pigs
 Name the first all-civilian space mission of SpaceX, which will be launched on a Falcon 9 rocket and the Crew Dragon Resilience spacecraft as early as the fourth quarter of 2021? -- Inspiration4
 The Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman has proposed in the Budget 2021-22 to set up a multi-purpose seaweed park in ___________as part of promoting seaweed cultivation. -- Tamil Nadu
 The final report of the Fifteenth Finance Commission covering 2021-26 was submitted to the President, retaining vertical shares of states at __________%. -- 41
 Manjamma Jogati a transgender from Karnataka won the Padma Shri Award 2021 for promoting art forms, especially Jogati Nritya and Janapada songs practised in rural Karnataka, Maharashtra and parts of Andhra Pradesh. Name the first transgender – a Bharatanatyam dancer to receive this award in 2019? -- Narthaki Nataraj
 The Finance Minister narrated whose words “Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark” during his Budget speech 2021-22? -- Rabindranath Tagore
 In the backdrop of the ongoing standoff with China and impetus for military modernisation, the allocation for capital expenditure in the Defence Budget saw an increase of _______% compared to Budget Estimates (BE) of last year. -- 18.75
 In the Budget 2021-22, Budget outlay for health and wellbeing hiked by what percent? -- 137
 In the Budget 2021-22, the scope of Operation Green Scheme has been enlarged to include how many perishable products besides tomatoes, onions, and potatoes? -- 22
 Which domestic cricket tournament has been cancelled by the BCCI for the first time due to Covid-19 since the tournament's inception in the 1934–35? -- Ranji Trophy
 The Investment Board of Nepal has awarded the 679 MW Lower Arun Hydro Electric Project in Nepal to which Indian ‘Mini Ratna’ PSU that is already constructing 900 MW Arun 3 HEP in Nepal? -- Satluj Jal Vidyut Nigam (SJVN) Ltd.
 What is the chemical formula of Ethylene glycol, an odorless, colorless, sweet-tasting, viscous liquid mainly used as a raw material in the manufacture of polyester fibers and for antifreeze formulations? -- (CH₂OH)₂
 Matuas are a community of Schedule Caste Hindu immigrants from Bangladesh. The Matua Mahasangha, a religious reforms movement and a sect was formed by _________in East Bengal in the mid-1800s and his grandson P R Thakur established West Bengal’s Thakurnagar as headquarters of the sect after 1947. -- Harichand Thakur
 In the Maratha cavalry, any able-bodied person could enlist as a_________, unless he had the means to buy a horse and military outfit – in which case he could join as a__________, who had much better prospects of advancement. Both of them were under the overall control of the Sarnobat (Persian for “Sar-i-Naubat”, or Commander in Chief). -- Bargirl, Silhedar
 Recently, a plan named the ‘Sustainable Development of Little Andaman Island - Vision Document’ by NITI Aayog for the sustainable and holistic development of Little Andaman Island has raised alarm among conservationists about its fragaile ecosystem and indigenous people called -- Onge
 Which Tiger Reserve in India for the first time has taken up training of a tiger cub to equip it to naturally hunt in the forest environment that was found abandoned inside the forest? -- Periyar Tiger Reserve (PTR), Kerala
 Name the 4th edition of the Saudi Arabia’s flagship investment conference which was held in Riyadh and is widely described as “Davos in the Desert”? -- Future Investment Initiative Forum
 Which Gulf country has adopted law amendments that allow granting the citizenship to investors, specialized talents and professionals including scientists, doctors, engineers, artists, authors and their families, which also earlier launched "golden" visa system which grants 10-year residency to certain professionals, specialised degree-holders and others? -- UAE
 India is the 2nd largest producer of Silk, contributing to about 18% to the world production after China and is the only country in the world which produces all the four major varieties of silk-Mulberry, Eri, Tassar, and Muga. Which state in India accounts for more than 70% of the country's total silk production? -- Karnataka
 Name the is a Burmese army general who is the current leader of Myanmar, serving as Chairman of the State Administrative Council and Commander-in-Chief of the Myanmar Armed Forces who seized power after overthrowing the elected government in a coup d'état on 1 February 2021? -- Min Aung Hlaing
 In the Budget 2021-22, the FDI limit in insurance companies has been increased from 49% to _____%. -- 74
 India has been ranked _________in a “Covid-19 Performance Index” launched by Sydney-based Lowy Institute comprising 98 countries that was topped by New Zealand. -- 86th
 Name the Nobel Prize-winning chemist known for his work on the ozone layer and climate change and for popularizing the term ‘Anthropocene’ to describe a proposed new era when human actions have a drastic effect on the Earth; who passed away recently? -- Paul Crutzen
 On 26 January, _________became the only country in the world that’s currently led by women: both the ‘elected’ president, Kersti Kaljulaid, and the elected prime minister, Kaja Kallas, are female. -- Estonia
 Name the Indian development economist who is among 20 prominent personalities appointed by the United Nations to a high-level advisory board that will provide recommendations for the UN Secretary-General António Guterres to respond to socio-economic challenges? -- Jayati Ghosh
 Which shape of economic recovery is India going to achieve according to the Economic Survey-2020-21 with mega vaccination drive, robust recovery in the services sector and robust growth in consumption and investment, and resurgence in high frequency indicators such as power demand, rail freight, e-way bills, gst collection, steel consumption, etc.? -- V-Shaped Economic Recovery
 The World Wildlife Fund-India and TRAFFIC India Office have launched an online campaign to raise awareness on the illegal trade of the_______________, or what is known as the 'double-headed snake' which is protected under the Schedule IV of Wildlife (Protection) Act, 1972 and any sale, purchase or possession of the species is a punishable criminal offence. -- Red Sand Boa (Eryx Johnii)
 Which two Indian companies have joined a new initiative launched at the World Economic Forum in Davos to accelerate the decarbonisation of heavy industry and transport? -- Dalmia Cement and Tata Steel
 An international study led by researchers from the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras, has found ________to be the highest inorganic fraction in particulate matter (PM), primarily responsible for haze and fog formation in northern India including the national capital.  -- chloride
 Name the nation's top gas marketing and transportation firm which plans to monetise Dahej-Uran-Panvel-Dabhol pipeline and Dabhol-Bengaluru pipeline by setting up an Infrastructure Investment Trust (InvIT)? -- GAIL (India) Ltd
 A study conducted by IIT-Delhi has found that extended periods of exposure to PM 2.5 can lead to __________among children under the age of 5 years. -- Anaemia
 Reversing the policy of Trump administration, the U.S.A, under its new president has restored relations with which West Asian country and renewed aid to its refugees? -- Palestine
 ____________is one of the largest public awareness campaign on Ayurveda and COVID 19 Pandemic, organized by All India Institute of Ayurveda. -- “Ayu Samvad”
 Name the former India goalkeeper who represented India at the SAFF Cup, SAF Games; was also adjudged best goalkeeper in Bengal’s successive Santosh Trophy triumphs in 1997-98 and 1998-99; who passed away? -- Prasanta Dora
 The International Cricket Council (ICC), headquartered at ___________ has announced the introduction of the ‘ICC Player of the Month’ awards.  -- Dubai
 The Ministry of Transport and Highways has proposed a Green Tax towards transport vehicles older than __________years, which could be charged when cargo operators renew the fitness certificates and for personal vehicles, the tax will be levied at the time of renewal of registration certificate after _______years. -- Eight, 15
 Name the campaign launched by the Govt. of Madhya Pradesh on the occasion of National Girl Child Day (January 24) under the 'Beti Bachao Beti Padhao' scheme in order to empower the girl child towards their protection, awareness of their rights, nutrition, knowledge and health? -- PANKH Abhiyan
 The Textiles Committee of the Ministry of Textiles has signed a Memorandum of Understanding- MoU with________________, Japan to boost export of Textile and Apparel to Japanese market. -- Nissenken Quality Evaluation Centre
 India inked a strategic partnership agreement with the ______________to strengthen cooperation in global energy security, stability and sustainability and this partnership will lead to an extensive exchange of knowledge and would be a stepping stone towards India becoming a full member of this organisation. -- International Energy Agency (IEA)
 The Government of which state has brought in a policy on manufactured sand (M-sand), giving industry status to the units producing it for construction work and reducing the dependence on bajri (riverbed sand)? -- Rajasthan
 The Kolkata Young Readers' Boat Library on the Hoogly River has been launched by the __________and the Apeejay Anand Children's Library. -- West Bengal Transport Corporation (WBTC)
 India ranked____________ among countries most affected in 2019 by climate change, according to the Global Climate Risk Index, 2021, released by Germanwatch — an NGO based in Bonn, Germany. -- Seventh
 Name the Indian Bodo social activist and the former president of All Bodo Students' Union on whose name Assam Govt. is setting up education institutions in the state? -- Upendranath Brahma
 The foundation stone for setting up an aquatic quarantine facility was laid by Union Fisheries Minister at ___________in Kancheepuram district? -- Padappai
 Which two companies have become the first strategic investors in IGX (Indian Gas Exchange) an arm of Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) and first authorised gas exchange in the country? -- Adani Total Gas and Torrent Gas
 Name the longest ever freight train of the South-East Central Railways (SECR) zone that broke its own record (set by 177 loaded wagons "Super Anaconda" of 2 km long freight train) by successfully operating the longest ever freight train by amalgamating five rakes of goods trains as one unit of around 3.5 km? -- Vasuki
 Name the last remaining nuclear weapons control treaty between Russia and the US that has been extended by five years? -- New START (Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty)
 Newly appointed President of the USA, Joe Biden has signed an executive order rejoining the U.S. into which climate accord that Trump withdrew from in 2017. -- Paris Climate Accord
 Name the Nepal’s Prime Minister who was fired from the ruling Communist Party of Nepal (NCP) after he decided to dissolve the parliament? -- KP Sharma Oli
 Who has been re-elected as the president of Portugal for the 2nd term? -- Marcelo Rebelo de Sousa
 Aging large dams are an emerging global risk as tens of thousands of existing structures have reached or exceeded an “alert” age threshold of 50 years, with many others soon approaching 100 years, according to a new report from the _____________, an integral part of the United Nations University (UNU) – an academic arm of the UN.  -- Institute for Water, Environment, and Health (INWEH)
 Indian Navy conducted Joint Tri-Service Military Exercise ___________ in Andaman & Nicobar Islands from January 21-25, 2021 along with ‘KAVACH’ for defence of Andaman & Nicobar Islands a part of this exercise. -- ‘AMPHEX-21’
 The Inequality Virus Report, released by____________, has found that the Covid pandemic deeply increased the existing inequalities in India and around the world. -- Oxfam International
 According to Zoological Survey of India (ZSI), the Masked Finfoot and Buffy fish owl, are recorded only from __________ and the area is home to nine out of 12 species of kingfishers found in the country as well rare species such as the Goliath heron and Spoon-billed Sandpiper. -- Sunderbans
 India has over 1,300 species of birds and __________ species of birds are from Sunderbans according to “Birds of the Sundarban Biosphere Reserve” a book released by the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI). -- 428
 The 2021 International Customs Day (ICD) was observed on __________ with the slogan “Customs bolstering Recovery, Renewal and Resilience for a sustainable supply chain”. -- 26 January
 Which country climbed to the no. 1 ranking globally attracting foreign direct investment (FDI) of $163 billion in 2020 according to United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD)? -- China
 Name the app launched by the Uttar Pradesh Govt. to help youth to explore self-employment opportunities? -- ‘Udyam Sarathi’
 ___________runs Operation "Garam Hawa" in summer season and operation "Sard Hawa" during the winter season as a routine defence exercise. -- BSF
 Name the girl who was made chief minister of Uttarakhand for a day to mark the National Girl Child Day 2021? -- Srishti Goswami
 Which state has started ‘Night Sky Tourism’ free of cost that will give a boost to tourism as well as create scientific thinking among the general public? -- Rajasthan
 Elon Musk-run SpaceX has successfully launched its new cost-cutting rideshare mission with 143 small satellites - a new record for a single rocket -- into space. The firm broke the record previously held by the_______________, which launched 104 satellites in 2017. -- Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO)
 Name the two expressways in Uttar Pradesh having air strips to facilitate emergency landing and take-off of fighter planes? -- Lucknow-Agra Expressway and Purvanchal Expressway
 Name the 2021 Padma Shri awardee called “Manjhi of Ladakh’ who single handedly constructed 38km road to connect Zanskar with Himachal Pradesh? -- Tsultim Chonjor
 A plastic park spread over 50 acres of land and housing around 100 manufacturing units would be set up in which district of Uttar Pradesh? -- Gorakhpur
 Name the Mongolian Prime Minister who recently submitted his resignation to parliament after protests in the capital Ulaanbaatar over the government's handling of the Covid-19 pandemic? -- Khurelsukh Ukhnaa
 Union Minister of Coal & Mines Shri Pralhad Joshi presented “Coal Minister’s Award” to which three coal companies of Coal India Ltd. to promote best and sustainable practices for coal mining in the country? -- Northern Coalfields Ltd (NCL), Central Coalfields Ltd (CCL) and Western Coalfields Ltd (WCL)
 Name the only airport of Sikkim that resumed service recently after a gap of almost 19 months? -- Pakyong Airport
 The Ladakh tableau to participate in Republic Day parade for first time this year; will depict which iconic monastery apart from Hanle observatory, and Ladakh’s carbon neutral vision? -- Thiksey Monastery
 Which state has become first in the country to receive additional funds for capital projects for successfully carrying out reforms in various citizen-centric areas (one nation, one ration card reforms, the ease of doing business reforms, and the urban local bodies’ reforms and part of the fourth reform, namely the power sector reform)? -- Madhya Pradesh
 The Election Commission of India observed the 11th National Voters Day on January 25 centred on the theme of ‘Making Our Voters Empowered, Vigilant, Safe and Informed’ and also launched a Web Radio called  -- ‘Hello Voters’
 The National Girl Child Day is celebrated every year on -- 24th January
 Name the project under which the UK and Japan will automate aspects of nuclear fusion energy production alongside faster and safer decommissioning of TEPCO’s Fukushima Dai-ichi reactors in Japan and at Sellafield in the UK, using long-reach robotic arms? -- LongOps
 The North American Nanohetz Gravitational Wave Observatory (NANOGrav) discovered the hum of the universe which is generated by gravitational waves and comes from a dead star called a -- "pulsar"
 Himachal Pradesh observed its 50th anniversary of achieving statehood on January 25 2021 (On January 25, 1971, Himachal Pradesh attained statehood). In which year Himachal Pradesh came into being as a centrally administered territory following an integration of 30 erstwhile princely states? -- April 15, 1948
 The then Governor General of India passed the United Provinces (alteration of name) Order 1950 renaming the then United Provinces as Uttar Pradesh. It was published in the Uttar Pradesh Gazette (extraordinary) dated_____________, and being observed since 2017 as ‘Uttar Pradesh Diwas’. -- 24 January 1950
 The Union Tourism Ministry has inaugurated a branch of Indian Institute of Skiing and Mountaineering (IISM) in which district of Ladakh? -- Kargil
 Name India’s longest road arch bridge inaugurated recently at Sohbar in East Khasi Hills district of Meghalaya? -- “Wahrew Bridge”
 NASA'S Hubble Space Telescope has caught picture of gravity warping and bending light around the galactic cluster Abell 370 – the phenomenon is called – -- Gravitational Lensing
 Recently, the Asia and the Pacific Regional Overview of Food Security and Nutrition 2020: Maternal and Child Diets at the Heart of Improving Nutrition report was released jointly by -- FAO, UNICEF, WFP, WHO
 January 21, 2021 marked the 49th statehood day of which three northeastern states? -- Manipur, Tripura, and Meghalaya
 A Hindustan Aeronautics (HAL) Hawk-i advanced jet trainer (AJT) has conducted a successful test firing of India’s Smart Anti-Airfield Weapon (SAAW) - designed to be capable of engaging ground targets with high precision up to a range of ___________ kilometres. -- 100
 In North East, after the sanction of a Film and Television Institute (established in 2018 in Arunachal Pradesh, the second in the country after Pune) there is a proposal to set up a film city in which state? -- Sikkim
 The first child-friendly police station of Uttarakhand has been set up in the ____________ police station. -- Dalanwala
 The Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir, the Administrative Council (AC) has approved the adoption of which policy to evolve a highly structured industrial land bank for promoting equitable industrial growth in J&K. -- Jammu & Kashmir Industrial Land Allotment Policy, 2021-30
 ___________has signed an exclusive talent management contract with Rishabh Pant who is the fastest Indian wicketkeeper-batsman to clock 1,000 runs. -- JSW Sports
 Indian Navy will help ____________in case of a submarine disaster or emergency under the ‘Implementing Agreement on Submarine Rescue Support and Cooperation’ signed between the two countries. -- Singapore
  The Gujarat state government has renamed dragon fruit as -- ‘Kamalam’
 Which is the first state in India to give electricity subsidy through Direct Benefit Transfer? -- Madhya Pradesh
 Pakistan recently test fired its longest range (2,750 kms) nuclear-capable surface-to-surface missile named  -- ‘Shaheen-III’
 Pune based Biorad Medisys in collaboration with National Aerospace Laboratories, Bangalore (CSIR-NAL) developed two biomedical implant devices--- an Atrial Septal Defect Occluder and an Intracranial Flow Diverter Stents using superelastic nickel titanium alloy called -- NiTiNOL
 Andaman and Nicobar Command to conduct Indian Armed forces' joint military exercise ___________ involving assets of Army, Navy, Air Force and Cost Guard. -- 'Kavach'
 A tripartite agreement was signed between Mineral Exploration Corporation Limited (MECL), Rajasthan State Mines & Minerals Limited (RSMML) and the Department of Mines & Geology (DMG), Govt. of Rajasthan for taking up feasibility studies of Solution Mining of __________in the state of Rajasthan. -- Potash
 According to the Department of Science and Technology (DST), India has seen an exponential increase in the number of scientific publications over the last 10 years and is in the third position globally after  -- China and the US
 The Gujarat government has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with ___________for establishing India’s biggest multi-model logistics park at Virochan Nagar, near Sanand in Ahmedabad. -- Adani Ports and SEZ Limited
 Radio Hills is the first online radio of which state? -- Himachal Pradesh
 The Indian Railways has renamed the Howrah-Kalka Express as the_________ in honour of freedom fighter Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose. -- ‘Netaji Express’
 The government has nominated 28 non-official members on the National Startup Advisory Council set up by the _______________a year back to advise the government on measures needed to build an ecosystem for nurturing innovation and startups in the country. -- Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT)
 Ministry of Minority Affairs will organise the 24th Hunar Haat at____________, Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh from 22nd January to 4th February with the theme of ‘Vocal for Local’. -- Avadh Shilpgram
 The Union Cabinet has approved the investment of over Rs 5200 crore for 850 megawatt Ratle Hydro Electric (HE) Project located on ________river in Kishtwar in Jammu and Kashmir.  -- Chenab
 Name the first woman fighter pilot who will take part in the Republic Day parade 2021? -- Flight lieutenant Bhawana Kanth
 What is the conservation status of Indian Star Tortoise in the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN)? -- Vulnerable
 The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has retained which banks as domestic systemically important banks (D-SIBs) or banks that are considered as “too big to fail”? -- State Bank of India, ICICI Bank and HDFC Bank
 The Union Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology (MeitY) in collaboration with _______________will establish a Quantum Computing Applications Lab in India. -- Amazon Web Services (AWS)
 Name the advisory committee established by then-U.S. President Donald Trump to support his view of "patriotic education" in USA which was terminated by President Joe Biden on January 20, 2021? -- 1776 Commission
 In which district of Maharashtra Gorewada International Zoo is located, which has recently been renamed as ‘Balasaheb Thackeray Gorewada International Zoological Park? -- Nagpur
 _____________, Telangana’s incubator to promote women entrepreneurship, has partnered with Gujarat government’s i-Hub to enable and support startups so that they can raise capital.  -- WE Hub
 In a bid to promote livelihood, Govt. of which state has started a state-wide pro-poor scheme for allotment of 7,219 fair price shops (FPS) under the programme – Ghar Ghar Rozgar te Karobaar Mission? -- Punjab
 Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal 'Nishank' was conferred with the _________________ award by the Hindi Writers Guild, Canada for his literary works. -- "Sahitya Gaurav Samman"
 Name the bike-based casualty transport emergency vehicle that has been handed over to the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) by the Institute of Nuclear Medicine and Allied Sciences (INMAS), Delhi-based DRDO laboratory? -- Rakshita
 Name the doctor, doyen of oncology, who focused her expertise over half a century in trying to make cancer care affordable in the country and was recognised with the Padma Vibhushan (2016), Padma Bhushan (2006), Padma Shri (1986), and the Magsaysay Award (2005); passed away recently? -- Dr. V Shanta
 The Prime Minister of which country and his entire cabinet resigned recently to take political responsibility for a scandal involving investigations into child welfare payments that wrongly labeled thousands of parents as fraudsters? -- The Netherlands
 Name the legendary musician in the Hindustani classical music tradition belonging to the Rampur-Sahaswan Gharana; Padma Awardee (Padma Shri- 1991, Padma Bhushan 2006, Padma Bhibhushan 2018) and winner of Sangeet Natak Akademi Award (2003) who passed away recently? -- Ustad Ghulam Mustafa Khan
 Who won the Singles Titles in Yonex Thailand Open badminton tournament 2021 in Men’s and Women’s category respectively? -- Viktor Axelsen (Denmark), Carolina Marin (Spain)
 Name the Ugandan incumbent President who has won the country’s presidential election for 2021 and will be the President for a sixth term? -- Yoweri Museveni
 Two giant radio galaxies – among the largest single objects in the universe, which were thought to be quite rare – have been discovered with South Africa’s powerful ________telescope.  -- MeerKAT
 The Prime Minister of India was recently appointed the new chairman of the trust of the world famous Somnath Temple in Gujarat. Following which style of temple architecture, the present temple was reconstructed that was completed in May 1951? -- Chaulukya Style
 India has the largest diaspora population in the world with 18 million people from the country living outside their homeland in 2020, according to a report 'International Migration 2020 Highlights', by the Population Division of the  -- UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA)
 After getting GI tag for Saffron, the Union Territory of Jammu & Kashmir has sought GI Tag for India’s costliest mushroom that grows here called -- Gucchi or Morel
 With which country India has signed a Memorandum of Cooperation (MoC) on a “basic framework for partnership for proper operation of the system pertaining to Specified Skilled Worker (SSW)” in 14 sectors? -- Japan
 Union Government has decided to celebrate the birthday of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose as __________________ on 23rd of January every year. -- 'Parakram Diwas'
 Indian Air Force and French Air and Space Force will conduct a bilateral Air exercise, ______________at Air Force Station Jodhpur from 20 to 24 Jan 21. -- Ex Desert Knight-21
 Which Ministry has launched a month-long mass awareness campaign titled ‘SAKSHAM’ to spread awareness about green and clean energy? -- Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas
 India's first Labour Movement Museum, showcasing the fascinating history of the world labour movement will come up in – -- Alappuzha, Kerala
 The great Chinese Buddhist monk and wanderer Xuanzang visited India during the 7th century AD, to learn Buddhism during the ______________Empire. -- Harshavardhana
 The Govt. of which state has announced ‘Horticulture Development Mission’ (Bagayat Vikas Mission) to double the income of farmers involved in medicinal and horticulture farming, under which, the waste land of the government will be given on 30-year lease for farming of horticulture and medicinal crops? -- Gujarat
 For exceptional security partnership exemplified by their hosting thousands of United States soldiers, sailors, airmen, and marines and the commitment of each country to countering violent extremism across the region, the United States has designated which two countries as its major strategic partners? -- United Arab Emirates (UAE) and Bahrain
 Which Ministry of Govt. of India received the SKOCH Challenger Award under “Transparency in Governance” category for IT-led initiatives and transformational reforms leading to outcome-based performance improvement, better transparency and strengthening of the e-Governance? -- Ministry of Panchayati Raj
 Name the veteran actor and director who has been conferred Indian Personality of the Year Award, at 51st IFFI? -- Biswajit Chatterjee
 Union Home Minister laid the foundation stone of 97th Battalion of Rapid Action Force at __________in Karnataka. -- Bhadravathi
 In which state two excavations Sites- Karanbel Tripuri and Tewar are situated?  -- Madhya Pradesh
 Mountaineers from which country created history by scaling K2, the second highest peak of the world, for the first time during the winter season? -- Nepal
 Bihar’s first state-level bird festival named __________was organised at the world famous Nagi-Nakti bird sanctuaries in the Jamui district. -- ‘Kalrav’
 Which is the first Indian company to indigenously design and develop Driverless Metro Car? -- BEML Limited
 Name the Chief Controller in Mil Rail (a specialised wing of the Indian Railways, responsible for the movement of jawans, logistics and equipment), who has been conferred ‘Chief of Army Staff Commendation’ for his outstanding contribution? -- Amresh Kumar Chaudhary
 Name the three Oscar awards winner Italian cinematographer who will be honoured with the Lifetime Achievement award at the 51st edition of the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) being organised at Goa? -- Vittorio Storaro
 Government has approved the appointment of Belarussian coach __________as the middle- and long-distance coach of the Indian athletics team. -- Nikolai Snesarev
 Name the animal; painting of which has been discovered recently from Leang Tedongnge cave in the island of Sulawesi, Indonesia and believed to be the world's oldest known animal cave painting – about 45,500 years old? -- Pig
 Timbuktu is a city of which country, where recently four United Nations peacekeepers were killed and five others wounded in an attack by unidentified armed elements? -- Mali
 Name the first indigenous 9mm Machine Pistol developed jointly by Infantry School, Mhow of Indian Army and DRDO’s Armament Research & Development Establishment (ARDE), Pune? -- Asmi
 To track the migratory pattern of the endangered Olive Ridley turtles, the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) in collaboration with Odisha government has launched a drive to tag the turtles near the ___________river mouth. -- Rushikulya
 Elon Musk-owned electric vehicle (EV) company ____________ has registered a fully-owned subsidiary in Bengaluru, Karnataka. -- Tesla
 Who will head the ‘Health Insurance Advisory Committee’ set up by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority (IRDAI) to examine the availability of health insurance products in the country? -- Subhash Chandra Khuntia (IRDAI Chairperson)
 Who has been appointed as Chairman of a ‘working group’ set up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to study digital lending activities of regulated and unregulated players, due to growing instances of frauds in digital lending space? -- Jayant Kumar Dash, Executive Director, RBI
 Which state has inaugurated a first of its kind ‘Fire Park’, to educate and bring awareness on basic fire safety measures among the people, particularly the students? -- Odisha
 Name the new institute established after the merger of two prestigious institutes of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) namely, CSIR-NISCAIR and CSIR-NISTADS working at the interface of S&T, Society; and Science Communication and Policy Research? -- CSIR-National Institute of Science Communication and Policy Research (NIScPR)
 Name the Rover by NASA that will record sounds from Mars which will be the first-ever sound clips from any planet? -- Perseverance
 The Customs and Border Protection (CBP) of which country has issued a ‘Withhold Release Order’ (WRO) against cotton products and tomato products produced in China’s Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region based on information that reasonably indicates the use of detainee or prison labor and situations of forced labor.  -- USA
 Which player made the fastest hundred in women's Twenty20 cricket in just 36 balls? -- Sophie Devine (Captain of New Zealand)
 To celebrate which legendary filmmaker, the 51st International Film Festival of India (IFFI) will showcase films - Charulata, Ghare Baire, Pather Panchali, Shatranj Ke Khilari and Sonar Kella, as part of this tribute? -- Satyajit Ray
 A new species of ______________discovered from Coimbatore district in Tamil Nadu is named after Siruvani, an ecological hotspot in the Western Ghats. -- fruit fly
 Which award is given by the Ministry of Health & Family Welfare to ensure hygiene, sanitation and cleanliness in Public Health Facilities such as District Hospitals, Sub-divisional hospitals, Community Health Centres etc.?  -- Kayakalp Award
 Name the Kyrgyz politician who was serving an 11 & 1/2-year sentence on charges of abducting a regional governor amid a dispute over a gold mine, was freed by demonstrators, who overthrew Kyrgyzstan's president last year and has won the recently held Kyrgyzstan’s presidential election? -- Sadyr Zhaparov
 Name the Indian high school student from Gurugram, Haryana, who along with six other youngsters from the US, has won the prestigious Artemis Next-Gen STEM – Moon to Mars App Development Challenge organised by NASA?  -- Aryan Jain
 Flipkart has partnered with ___________to launch the revamped Women Entrepreneurship Platform- a first of its kind, unified access portal which brings together women from different parts of India to realize their entrepreneurial aspirations. -- Niti Aayog
 After the French Army (first, in 2016), United Arab Emirates (UAE) armed forces (in 2017), which foreign military contingent will take part in India’s Republic Day Parade 2021?  -- Bangladesh
 Indian Armed Forces celebrate Veteran's Day on 14 January - the day on which in 1953, India’s first Commander-in-Chief of Indian Armed Forces, ________________, OBE who retired. -- Field Marshal KM Cariappa
 National Informatics Centre and Central Board of Secondary Education, CBSE have jointly launched _______________Software to provide a total engineering solution for students and Faculty of Engineering Graphics Curriculum. -- CollabCAD
 Name the Padma Shri awardee (2019) tea seller and an avid blood donor from Cuttuck, Odisha who contributed towards boosting the value of education among slum children and orphans, passed away recently? -- D. Prakash Rao
 In Leh, the first-ever Ice climbing festival was celebrated in ___________ valley.  -- Nubra
 Who is the author of the book “The Population Myth: Islam, Family Planning and Politics in India”? -- S Y Quraishi (Former Chief Election Commissioner)
 What is the rank of India in the Henley Passport Index 2021- which presents the original ranking of the world’s most powerful passports, according to the number of destinations their holders can access without a prior visa where Japan stood first? -- 85th out of 110 countries
 Bharat Biotech has signed an agreement with Precisa Medicamentos for the supply of its indigenously manufactured Covid-19 vaccine 'Covaxin' to_________. -- Brazil
 The Ministry of Road Transport & Highways observes the National Road Safety Week every year in the second week of January but, in 2021, the Government has decided to observe National Road Safety Month from _____________ to ____________ instead of National Road Safety Week. -- 18th January, 2021, 17th February 2021
 Who has been named as the official representative of Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) for the International Cricket Council (ICC) Board meetings in place of BCCI president Sourav Ganguly? -- Jay Shah (Secretary of the BCCI)
 Who has been appointed as the Chairperson of a 10-member empowered committee for the administration of COVID-19 vaccine by the Government of India? -- RS Sharma
 Which county organized the ‘One Planet Summit’ in cooperation with the United Nations and the World Bank, for biodiversity on 11 January 2021, that aims to advance the protection of nature? -- France
 Recently, some members of Legislative Assembly of Assam have sent a memorandum to the Centre demanding the implementation of Article __________ of the Constitution of India to create an autonomous state within Assam by comprising three hill districts Karbi Anglong, West Karbi Anglong and Dima Hasao? -- 244(A)
 Recently, the President of India has promulgated an ordinance to amend which Act that merged J&K cadre for all India Services – IAS, IPS and IFoS officers – with that of Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Mizoram and Union Territory (AGMUT), also called the Union Territory cadre? -- J&K Reorganisation Act, 2019
 Leveraging Information Technology (IT) to enable digitization and facilitate continuum of healthcare, __________in collaboration with Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) and Tata Trusts, has developed a mobile application for the management of non-communicable diseases (NCDs) at Government Primary Health Centres (PHCs) across India.  -- Dell Technologies
 Name the second edition of the biennial pan-India coastal defence exercise that will be conducted on 12-13 January 2021 along the entire 7516 km coastline and Exclusive Economic Zone of India and will involve all the 13 coastal States and Union Territories? -- ‘Sea Vigil-21’
 Name the first ‘Padma Shri’ awardee from Andhra Pradesh (journalism), earned the title ‘Guardian of Telugu’, who also worked as Secretary for the first Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh Tanguturi Prakasam Pantulu and also worked as the Chairman of the AP Grandhalaya Parishad who passed away recently? -- Turlapati Kutumba Rao
 Name the Padma Bhushan awardee (2012), renowned astrophysicist and mathematician, a contemporary of the legendary Stephen Hawking – who passed away recently? -- Shashikumar M. Chitre
 A preliminary survey by the Atomic Minerals Directorate for Exploration and Research (AMD), an arm of the Department of Atomic Energy, has found a little amount (1,600 tonnes) of ________resources in the igneous rocks of the Marlagalla-Allapatna region of Karnataka’s Mandya district. -- Lithium
 The Auto industry has now made a representation to the government to defer the implementation of Corporate Average Fuel efficiency (CAFE-2) regulations and BS-VI stage II norms to April 2024. As of now, the CAFE-2 norms that aim to make cars more fuel efficient are set to come into effect in _____and BS-VI stage II norms are set to come into force beginning April______________. -- 2022, 2023
 The Uttarakhand High Court has put a stay on the denotification of the_____________, the state’s only jumbo reserve. -- Shivalik Elephant Reserve
 National Youth Festival is celebrated every year from 12th to 16th January -12th January being the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda, is observed as National Youth Day. The theme of National Youth Festival 2021 is – -- YUVAAH – Utsah Naye Bharat Ka
 The Cherry Blossom Mao Festival was held at Senapati district of Manipur marking the beginning of _________season in the district.  -- Pink
 To provide government services faster to people, which state of India is going to create a new Bagasara Prant in Amreli district from 26th January 2021? -- Gujarat
 The government of which state has decided to provide khadi shirts, and shawls and stoles made of ‘Eri’--a variety of silk to grade IV employees as a mark of respect to Mahatma Gandhi? -- Assam
 Name the Indian-origin President of Suriname who was the chief guest of the 16th Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Convention organised by India on January 9?  -- Chandrikapersad Santokhi
 Name the former external affairs minister of India, four-time chief minister of Gujarat, who introduced 10% reservation in jobs and educational institutions for OBCs before Mandal Commission, and the first CM to introduce midday meal for schoolchildren, who passed away recently? -- Madhavsinh Solanki
 India’s seventh Trade Policy Review (TPR) was carried out recently- an important mechanism of monitoring by ______________, and involves a comprehensive peer-review of the Member’s national trade policies.  -- World Trade Organization
 The Centre has sanctioned Rs 37.87 crore for the facelift of _____________ pilgrimage site in Arunachal Pradesh's Lohit district. -- Parshuram Kund
 ______________will be the ‘country of focus’ at the 51st International Film Festival of India (IFFI) starting at Goa on January 16? -- Bangladesh
 PAT Cycle-II under the Perform, Achieve and Trade (PAT) scheme being implemented by_____________, achieved emission reduction of 61 million tonnes of CO2. -- Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE)
 India has a target to reduce the emission intensity to 33 to 35 per cent by 2030 compared to 2005 level, as part of commitments made during____________. -- COP-21
 Hindi is not only the country’s most-spoken language, but it is the third most-spoken language in the world with 615 million speakers after English, Mandarin, according to the UN. World Hindi Day is celebrated every year on___________________. -- January 10
 The world’s first double-stack long-haul container train service started from ________in Haryana to ____________in Rajasthan. -- New Ateli, New Kishanganj
 Name the Coastal Research Vessel that will enable the scientists to launch deep ocean mission for ocean exploration, developed by the Titagarh Marine Limited, Kolkata? -- ‘Sagar Anveshika’
 Who has been appointed chairman of the technical expert group set up by the Health and Family Welfare Ministry to examine the adverse findings from the National Family Health Survey-5 and “recommend programmatic and policy interventions to improve” indicators pertaining to malnutrition, stunting, anaemia, and C-section? -- Preeti Pant
 The world's largest floating 600 MW solar energy project to be constructed at Omkareshwar dam on __________river in Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh will begin power generation by year 2022-23. -- Narmada
 Indian Air Force has signed a MoU with which autonomous institution of Gujarat University to provide its officers undertake Doctoral Research, Post-Graduate Programme and Post Graduate Diploma?  -- Institute of Defence Studies and Research - IDSR
 Name the incumbent head of Google Cloud in India who has been elevated as the Chief of Google Cloud Asia Pacific division? -- Karan Bajwa
 Name the non-profit organization working for spreading the internet technology to the citizens of India, that is offering free IDN (Internationalized Domain Name) in any of their preferred 22 official Indian language along with every IN domain booked by the registrant? -- National Internet Exchange of India (NIXI)
 Which Amendment of the US Constitution lays out how a US president and vice president may be succeeded or replaced? -- 25th Amendment
 Who will head the committee created to protect the language, culture and land of Ladakh and ensure citizen's participation in the Union Territory's development?  -- G Kishan Reddy (Minister of State for Home)
 Who has been appointed as Chief Justice of the Gauhati High Court?  -- Justice Sudhanshu Dhulia
 Who has been sworn in as the new Chief Justice of Sikkim High Court?  -- Justice Jitendra Kumar Maheshwari
 Who is the first woman to be sworn in as Chief Justice of Telangana High Court?  -- Justice Hima Kohli
 Name the Indian-American who has taken over as the first Chief Information Officer of the US Army, after the Pentagon created the position in July 2020? -- Dr Raj Iyer
 Name the 154-year-old Observatory in India which is among the earliest observatories set up by the then British Corps of Engineers and recently accorded ‘centennial observing station’ status for its long-term meteorological observation exceeding over 100 years by the World Meteorological Organisation (WMO), Geneva?  -- Patna Meteorological Observatory
 On 6th January 1832, Balshastri Jambhekar, known as the father of Marathi journalism started the first newspaper ____________ and that day is celebrated as the Marathi Journalism day in the State.  -- 'Darpan'
 Which Bank has signed a $105 million project with the Government of India and the Government of West Bengal to improve the inland water transport infrastructure in Kolkata, West Bengal? -- World Bank
 The government of India has set up a high-level group called ______________ under the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA)-run think tank Research and Information System for Developing Countries (RIS) and headed by former Union power secretary Ram Vinay Shahi to help build a South Asia-focused energy security architecture.  -- South Asia Group for Energy (SAGE)
 Renowned Indian motorcycle racer __________who was representing Hero MotoSports suffered a crash during the ongoing Dakar Rally in Saudi Arabia. -- CS Santosh
 The Hadoti region of South-East Rajasthan and Guna district of Madhya Pradesh is known for ____________ production and contributes major share in export from the country.  -- Coriander
 Name the proposed tunnel project that will provide all-weather alternate road connectivity between the two distant regions and reducing the travel time from Doda to Lakhanpur on the Punjab border? -- Chattergala Tunnel
 According to IMD, the year 2020 was the eighth warmest year on record since nation-wide records commenced in 1901. The highest warming was observed over India in the year ______. -- 2016
 According to IMD, in 2020, which two states of India witnessed maximum number of deaths due to adverse weather conditions with over 350 deaths taking place in each state due to thunderstorm, lightning and cold wave events? -- Bihar and Uttar Pradesh
 A number of migratory birds dying at the Pong Dam wetland (also called Maharana Pratap Sagar) built on river _______ in Himachal Pradesh’s Kangra district due to H5N1 virus.  -- Beas
 To overcome the issue of space junk, which country is working on a wood based satellite that will be launched by 2023? -- Japan
 What is the theme of 16th Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Convention to be organized on 9th January 2020 in virtual format? -- "Contributing to Atma Nirbhar Bharat"
 Khelo India Ice Hockey Tournament is being organised at ___________in Kàrgil, Ladakh.  -- Chiktan
 Australia’s _______ become the first female match official in a men’s Test match when she took up the fourth umpire’s role in the third Test between India and Australia played at Sydney Cricket Ground. -- Claire Polosak
 Who is the author of the book ‘India’s 71-Year Test: The Journey to Triumph in Australia’ brought out by the Bradman Museum, Australia and launched recently by former Indian all-rounder and current head coach Ravi Shastri? -- R Kaushik (cricket journalist)
 Name the Uttar Pradesh–based first Urban Cooperative Bank (UCB) in the country to make a transition to a Small Finance Bank (SFB) under the voluntary transition scheme? -- Shivalik Mercantile Co-operative Bank (SMCB)
 The _____________ is a social reservation provided to reserve caste like SC/ST, OBC etc. whereas ______________are called as reservation within reservation or special reservation like reservation to female, physically challenged person, ex-service man, etc. -- Vertical Reservation, Horizontal Reservations
 Name the only Ramsar Site in Assam that was barred from community fishing recently? -- Deepor Beel
 Who has become the first woman chairman of Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL)? -- Soma Mondal
 Which state will organise the 4th Global Ayurveda Festival (GAF 2021), from March 12 to 19 as a virtual meet? -- Kerala
 The platform of which railway station (1505m), headquarters of South Western Railway (SWR) in India will replace Gorakhpur (1366m), headquarters of the North-Eastern Railway (NER) in Uttar Pradesh to become the longest plat form in the world? -- Hubbali, Karnataka
 The Centre has notified an area to an extent varying from zero to one km around the boundary of which National Park in Kerala's Idukki district as an Eco-sensitive Zone considering the unique nature of the Shola forest and its importance as an elephant strip? -- Mathikettan Shola National Park
 Which organisation is organizing ‘Udyog Manthan’ - a marathon of focused sector-specific webinars for promoting Quality and Productivity in Indian Industry? -- Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT)
 Who has been appointed as the new British High Commissioner to India in succession to Sir Philip Barton? -- Alexander Ellis
 Iran has informed the International Atomic Energy Agency that it intends to produce uranium enriched to up to 20 percent purity, well beyond the threshold of 3.67 percent but not exceeding the 4.5 percent set by the 2015 ________accord. -- Vienna
 Name the world’s third biggest exporter of rice, which has started buying the grain from rival India for the first time in decades after local prices jumped to their highest in nine years amid limited domestic supplies? -- Vietnam
 TRIFED has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with_____________, a pioneering organization that has been working for the welfare of tribals in Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Jharkhand to work together for setting up of TRIFOOD Parks in 5 districts in Madhya Pradesh.  -- Akhil Bhartiya Vanvasi Kalyan Kendra
 Name the joint venture company that was set up in 2019 by three Central Public Sector Enterprises namely National Aluminium Company Ltd. (NALCO), Hindustan Copper Ltd. (HCL) and Mineral Exploration Company Ltd. (MECL) with a specific mandate to acquire strategic mineral assets such as lithium and cobalt abroad? -- Khanij Bidesh India Ltd
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of the All India Gem and Jewellery Domestic Council (GJC), the national apex body of the gems and jewellery industry? -- Ashish Pethe
 In which district of Haryana, first of its kind in India and one of the seven in the world - called as the centralized network lab of Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI) established at Translational Health Science & Technology Institute (THSTI)? -- Faridabad
 Who has been elected as President of All India Chess Federation? -- Sanjay Kapoor
 Indian Army has signed an agreement with ___________ to procure the 12 high-performance patrol boats to boost its surveillance of major water bodies like Pangong Tso or Pangong Lake in eastern Ladakh and its surroundings. -- Goa Shipyard Ltd (GSL)
 Over which river the Maitre Setu is built, which connects South Tripura with Ramgarh of Bangladesh? -- Feni
 Who will be the chairman of the International Jury for 51st edition of International Film Festival of India to be held in Goa, having Prasanna Vithanage (Sri Lanka), Abu Bakr Shawky (Austria), Priyadarshan (India) and Rubaiyat Hossain (Bangladesh) as members? -- Pablo Cesar, Argentina
 Name the Wildlife Sanctuary in Gujarat, located in the western Satpura Range south of the Narmada River and shares a common boundary with Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra that is in news due to Centre’s notification classifying 121 villages around it as eco-sensitive zones? -- Shoolpaneshwar Wildlife Sanctuary
 The government of India has launched the_________ to monitor the genomic variations in the SARS-CoV-2 on a regular basis through a multi-laboratory network. -- Indian SARS-CoV-2 Genomic Consortia (INSACOG)
 India has started the export of moringa powder (botanical name Moringa oleifera), a nutritional supplement, to which country? -- USA
 Name the Bill that has been passed by the Assam assembly to abolish all state-run Madrasas by converting them to general schools? -- 'The Assam Repealing Bill, 2020'
 Name the first female IPS (Indian Police Service) officer and the first female Director-General of Police (DGP) of Kerala who retired recently? -- R Sreelekha
 A massive forest fire has been raging the picturesque______ Valley along the Nagaland-Manipur for which Indian Air Force has been deployed. -- Dzukou
 Goa's 14-year-old _________has become India's 67th Grandmaster. -- Leon Mendonca
 Name the first Indian Institute of Management to implement the idea of flipped classrooms where the basic concepts are learnt in digital mode and experiential learning takes place in the class, through live projects from the industry; and it also outscored other IIMs in terms of highest gender diversity? -- Indian Institute of Management Sambalpur
 Name the Chairman & CEO, Railway Board, Ministry of Railways who has been conferred with the prestigious “Eminent Engineer Award for the Year 2020’ by the Institution of Engineering and Technology (IET) for his outstanding contribution towards modernization and reforms over Indian Railways? -- V.K. Yadav
 In the latest review of deadly Kala-azar disease in four states, which two states have achieved elimination targets out of Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand and West Bengal? -- Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal
 The Union Cabinet has approved the opening of Indian Missions in which three countries in 2021? -- Estonia, Paraguay and Dominican Republic
 Name the Critically Endangered (IUCN) Bat endemic to India and presently known only from one cave in Hanumanahalli village in Kolar district, Karnataka? -- Kolar Leaf-Nosed Bat
 Which state has highest and lowest police-population ratio (per lakh population) respectively, according to the latest data released by the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD)? -- Nagaland (1,301), Bihar (76.2)
 Name the world’s first physical crypto banking branch – a joint venture between online crypto banking platform Cashaa and United Multistate Credit Co-op Society, launched in Jaipur, India?  -- Unicas
 Name the 21-year-old BSc Mathematics student, who has been sworn in as the mayor of Thiruvananthapuram City Corporation and is currently the youngest mayor in office of a municipal corporation in the country? -- Arya Rajendran
 “In Pursuit of Justice: An Autobiography” is written by  -- Late Justice Rajindar Sachar
 In the ‘Digital India Awards 2020’, conducted by National Informatics Centre (NIC) under Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY), which Central Ministry/Department won the top prize (Gold Icon) in Excellence in ‘Digital Governance’ category? -- Department of Posts
 In the ‘Digital India Awards 2020’, conducted by National Informatics Centre (NIC) under Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY), which State/UT won the top prize (Gold Icon) in ‘Excellence in Digital Governance’ category? -- Tamil Nadu
 According to the latest data released by the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD), which State/UT police —covering civil police, district armed reserve, special armed police and India Reserve Battalions has the lowest share of women personnel at 3.31%? -- Jammu & Kashmir followed by Telangana (5.11%)
 Name the Director-General of Police (DGP), Maharashtra who has been appointed as the DG of Central Industrial Security Force (CISF)? -- Subodh Kumar Jaiswal
 Name the digital platform launched for ocean data management (share information on marine data and forecast services) that has been developed by Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS)? -- Digital Ocean
 Union Minister for Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari has announced that a multi-modal logistics park will be constructed in _________ , Assam. -- Silchar
 Name the freedom fighter from Meghalaya who led an uprising against the British and was hanged by the British publicly at Iawmusiang in Jowai town in West Jaintia Hills district on 30 December 1862? -- U Kiang Nangbah
 The only ginger processing plant of North East India which is being revived is at  -- Ri-Bhoui district in Meghalaya
 In the ‘Digital India Awards 2020’, conducted by National Informatics Centre (NIC) under Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology (MeitY) which district won the top prize (Gold Icon) in ‘Excellence in Digital Governance’ category? -- Changlang, Arunachal Pradesh
 According to the latest data released by the Bureau of Police Research and Development (BPRD), which state’s police - covering civil police, district armed reserve, special armed police and India Reserve Battalions - has the highest share of women personnel at 25.3%? -- Bihar
 India's first hot air balloon wildlife safari has been started in which Tiger Reserve? -- Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve, Madhya Pradesh
 The United Nations (UN) observed the first ever International Day of Epidemic Preparedness across the globe on ____________________. -- 27th December 2020
 Recently, Prime Minister Narendra Modi inaugurated the 351-km New Bhaupur-New Khurja section of the Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor in Uttar Pradesh. The 1,800-km Eastern Dedicated Freight Corridor project will connect Ludhiana (Punjab) in north India to _____ in West Bengal.  -- Dankuni
 Who has been nominated as a member on the GAVI Board (Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation) to represent India for two years starting from 2021 to 2023? -- Dr. Harsh Vardhan
 The Indian beaches where the International Blue Flags were hoisted recently are -- Kappad (Kerala), Shivrajpur (Gujarat), Ghoghla (Diu), Kasarkod and Padubidri (Karnataka), Rushikonda (Andhra Pradesh), Golden (Odisha) and Radhanagar (Andaman & Nicobar Islands)
 Recently, the National Tiger Conservation Authority has asked Odisha to submit a status report on the adverse impact of tourism on which Tiger Reserve? -- Satkosia Tiger Reserve
 Name the committee set up by the Reserve Bank of India that floated the idea of National Common Mobility Card (NCMC)? -- Nandan Nilekani Committee
 Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), Mumbai has developed an Eye Cancer therapy in the form of the first indigenous ______________Plaque for treatment of Ocular Tumours. -- Ruthenium 106
 India's first pneumococcal conjugate vaccine ''Pneumosil'' developed by ______________in collaboration with partners like the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. -- Serum Institute of India Private Limited (SIIPL)
 Who has become the first wrestler of the country to finish on the podium position at the Individual Wrestling World Cup in Belgrade, Serbia? -- Anshu Malik
 Name the first private sector company of India in the space sector which has successfully test-fired a solid propulsion rocket engine named Kalam-5 that will be used for their maiden rocket Vikram-1? -- Skyroot Aerospace
 The Myanmar Navy has officially inducted the submarine INS Sindhuvir, which was handed over by the Indian Navy and renamed as  -- UMS Minye Theinkhathu
 Scientist Hemant Kumar Pandey has been honoured with DRDO's ''Scientist of the Year Award'' (2018) for his contribution in developing several herbal medicines, including the popular drug _________meant for treatment of leucoderma. -- Lukoskin
 The foundation stone was laid at ___________ for a new technology innovation hub on autonomous navigation (TiHAN) for unmanned aerial vehicles and remotely operated vehicles -- Indian Institute of Technology, Hyderabad
 The Madan Lal-led Cricket Advisory Committee (CAC) has named _____________for the role of Chairman of the senior men’s selection committee based on seniority (total number of Test matches). -- Chetan Sharma
 Who is the author of the book “Covid-19: Sabhyata Ka Sankat Aur Samadhan”? -- Nobel Laureate Kailash Satyarthi
 Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) will set up its Regional Academic Center for Space (RAC-S) at __________for advanced research in the future technology of the Indian space program.  -- IIT-BHU
 In a first, which State government will appoint special officers in various States for security and welfare of its migrant workers? -- Uttar Pradesh
 Name the scientist from Centre for Rural Development and Technology, IIT Delhi who received first prize at Innovate 4 SDG contest by ‘UNDP (United Nation Development Program) Accelerator Lab India for innovation of plant-based mock egg that addresses SDG 2 and 3 (zero hunger and good health and well-being)? -- Prof Kavya Dashora
 Which Lion Safari has launched an ‘Adopt an Animal’ scheme in which individuals and corporates can adopt an Asiatic lion, leopard, bear and deer by paying for all expenses incurred on their food and upkeep? -- Etawah Lion Safari, Uttar Pradesh
 In first such initiative in Uttarakhand, the forest department has translocated an adult tigress from Jim Corbett Tiger Reserve to which Tiger Reserve in Dehradun?  -- Rajaji Tiger Reserve
 Which State Govt. has launched the Farmer Registration and Unified beneficiary Information System (FRUITS), an e-governance portal, to create a repository of farmland information and farm loan details on a single platform? -- Karnataka
 In India, Good Governance Day (Sushasan Divas) is observed annually on December 25 to commemorate the birth anniversary of former Prime Minister  -- Atal Bihari Vajpayee
 Indian Navy Ship Kiltan delivered 15 tonnes of aid to Vietnam for flood relief under which mission? -- Mission Sagar-III
 Which construction company has 3D printed a G+1 (Ground plus one) building for the first time in India at Kancheepuram, Chennai with indigenous concrete mixture? -- L&T Construction
 National Consumer Rights Day is observed every year on ­­­­­­­­­­­­­____________. On this day in 1986, the Consumer Protection Act 1986 received the Presidential assent and thus came into force. -- December 24
 Name the book written by Governor of Mizoram P S Sreedharan Pillai that was released recently by Vice President Venkaiah Naidu? -- ‘Oh Mizoram’
 NITI Aayog has virtually launched India’s first digital asset management and storage platform called  -- DigiBoxx
 The FDI in DTH broadcasting services sector has been allowed from _______to _______ per cent and licenses will now be issued for _______ years with a renewal provision after every 10 years. -- 49, 100, 20
 The Union Cabinet has approved the merger of four film media units - Films Division, Directorate of Film Festivals, National Film Archives of India, and Children's Film Society, India with ___________.  -- NFDC (National Film Development Corporation)
  National Farmer’s Day (Kisan Diwas) is observed every year on __________ to mark the birth anniversary of former (5th) Prime Minster of India Chaudhary Charan Singh. -- December 23
 The Marine Products Export Development Authority (MPEDA), headquartered in Kochi, has launched India’s first call centre for aqua-farmers at______________.  -- Vijayawada, Andhra Pradesh
  The government plans to set up a ______________in the next three to four months with a view to mobilise the Rs111 lakh crore required for funding of the ambitious National Infrastructure Pipeline. -- Development Finance Institution (DFI)
 To protect which ‘Critically Endangered’ bird (State Bird of Rajasthan), the Ministry of Environment Forest and Climate Change (MoEFCC) along with the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) India has come up with a unique initiative — a "firefly bird diverter" - which works as reflectors for overhead power lines, and installed in Pokhran, Rajasthan?  -- Great Indian Bustard (GIB)
  Which PSU has won the prestigious CII-ITC Sustainability Awards in Corporate Excellence category second time in a row i.e. in the year 2019 and 2020? -- NTPC Ltd.
  Who is the Chancellor of Visva-Bharati University? -- Prime Minister
  The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has partnered with which global education company, to offer BTEC International Level 3 qualifications which are designed to provide pathways into a career in sports? -- Pearson
  Which state has become the first in India and South Asia to launch the block chain-enabled peer to peer (P2P) trading platform for rooftop solar power producers? -- Uttar Pradesh
  In India, National Mathematics Day is observed every year on 22 December to commemorate the birth anniversary of____________.  -- Srinivasa Ramanujan
  'ASSOCHAM Enterprise of the Century Award' was given to______________ for his distinguished contributions to the country. -- Ratan Tata
  Uttar Pradesh government is set to establish India’s first mega leather park in Kanpur’s ____________village. -- Ramaipur
 Name the journalist turned politician who served as the chief minister of Madhya Pradesh twice, who passed away recently? -- Motilal Vora
  The hawker culture (community dining, centres for socialising, communicating, and more) of which country got inducted into the UNESCO List of Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity? -- Singapore
  The government of which state has launched a two-month-long special 'Virasat' (natural succession) drive in the state to end the land disputes over the succession rights in villages, and curb the property lawsuits that form a bulk of cases at the tehsil and district level? -- Uttar Pradesh
 According to Anthropological Survey of India (AnSI), any exploitation of the _____________Island of the Andamans for commercial and strategic gain would be dangerous for its occupants – the Sentinelese. -- North Sentinel
  Which Pacific island nation has recently graduated from the official list of Least Developed Countries (LDC), becoming the sixth country to achieve the milestone since the development categorization was created in 1971? -- Vanuatu
  Every year, the Goa Liberation day is celebrated on December 19 in India. Name the operation by Indian Army, Indian Air Force and Indian Navy carried out on December 18, 1961 to liberate Goa from the Portuguese rule? -- Operation Vijay
  Aligarh Muslim University was originally established by _____________as the Muhammadan Anglo-Oriental College in 1875, which became Aligarh Muslim University in 1920, following the Aligarh Muslim University Act. -- Sir Syed Ahmad Khan
 Russia has been banned from using its flag at the 2021 Tokyo Olympics, the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, and other major world championships for two years by the _________________.  -- Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS)
 The Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, GoI, the Ministry of National Education and Youth, Government of the French Republic and Schneider Electric, have announced the inauguration of first Center of Excellence (CoE) for skill development in power sector in the campus of National Institute of Solar Energy (NISE) located at____________________. -- Gwal Pahari, Gurugram (Haryana)
 The DRDO Lifetime Achievement Award – 2018 was given to _____________for his contributions for developing control and guidance schemes for missiles.  -- N V Kadam
 India has been placed at _________ out of 162 countries in the Human Freedom Index 2020 released by Cato Institute in the United States and Fraser Institute in Canada.  -- 111
 Name the scholarship scheme awarded to students from Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh region when they seek admission in a college or university outside J&K and the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) manages the scholarship? -- Prime Ministers Special Scholarship Scheme (PMSSS)
 The National Minorities Rights Day is observed in India, every year on___________, to safeguard the Constitutionally-guaranteed rights of six religious minorities [Muslims, Christians, Sikhs, Buddhists, and Zoroastrians (Parsis) and Jains] in the country.  -- December 18
 With the theme ‘Reimagining Human Mobility’, the International Migrants Day 2020 wasobserved globally on  -- 18 December
 Who have been awarded the ‘Best FIFA Men’s Player’ and the ‘Best FIFA Women’s Player’ respectively in the FIFA Football Awards 2020 ceremony, held virtually at the home of FIFA in Zurich? -- Robert Lewandowski (Poland), Lucy Bronze (England)
 Name the three countries proposed by UK to participate in the G7 grouping meet in 2021 to be hosted by the United Kingdom having ten democracies- G7+3 and is naming it ‘D10’ meaning, 10 Democracies?  -- India, South Korea and Australia
 India has pledged a sum of USD 1 million to which body headquartered in Montreal, Canada towards its scientific research budget, to ensure an atmosphere of Clean Sport globally? -- World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA)
 The Olympic Council of Asia has announced that _________will host the 2030 Asian Games while _________will host the 2034 edition. -- Doha (Qatar), Riyadh (Saudi Arabia)
 Which company has been awarded with the prestigious ‘Golden Peacock Environment Management Award’ for the year 2020 in the Steel Sector by the Institute of Directors? -- Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL)
 The Govt. of which state is going to launch ‘Kisan Kalyan Mission’ with an aim to double the income of farmers? -- Uttar Pradesh
 Which is the first zoo in India to receive ISO 9001:2015 Quality Management Standards Certification? -- Nehru Zoological Park, Hyderabad
 Name the Bollywood actress who has joined hands with the global citizen initiative named ‘Count Us In’ to inspire and educate Indians towards reducing carbon footprint? -- Bhumi Pednekar
 ____________is recognised as India’s own green building rating system in India’s Intended Nationally Determined Contributions (INDC) submitted to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).  -- Green Rating for Integrated Habitat Assessment (GRIHA)
 With which bank the Government of India has signed a loan agreement for one thousand million dollar to provide support to Aatma Nirbhar Bharat Abhiyan through MGNREG Scheme? -- New Development Bank
 Prasar Bharati CEO ____________has been elected as Vice President of Asia-Pacific Broadcasting Union. -- Shashi Sekhar Vempati
 Which country has been officially removed from the American State Sponsor of Terrorism list that supported militant Palestinian organizations as well as harbored al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden? -- Sudan
 The government planning to invite bids for setting up green ammonia projects to reduce import dependence. Green ammonia production is where the process of making ammonia is 100% renewable and _______ free. -- Carbon
 Name the Indian-American who will serve as commander for NASA and European Space Agency (ESA)’s SpaceX Crew-3 mission to the International Space Station (ISS) other than two other crew members? -- Raja Chari
 Which festival marks the beginning of New Year in Ladakh and Tibet region? -- Losar
 The Meghdoot award is given every year for excellence in _________service. -- Postal
 Indian Meteorological Society (IMS) in collaboration with______________, Shillong, is organizing a four-day virtual symposium on Tropical Meteorology (TROPMET-2020) under the theme “Weather and Climate Services over Mountainous Regions” at NESAC, Shillong during 14-17 December 2020. -- North Eastern Space Applications Centre (NESAC)
 For safe and sustainable space operations, ISRO has inaugurated the Space Situational Awareness (SSA) Control Centre at  -- Peenya, Bangalore
 India pledged a commitment of USD 2 billion at the World Health Organisation's _____________ summit to provide essential services to women, newborns, young children and adolescents across the world. -- 'Lives in the Balance'
 Which bank, on behalf of the Government of India, has extended a Line of Credit (LOC) of $448 million to the Government of Republic of Uzbekistan for financing the latter’s various projects? -- Export-Import Bank of India (Exim Bank)
 Name the specialised department set up by Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) to tackle cases of diversion of funds, bank loans and resources by company promoters? -- Corporation Finance Investigation Department (CFID)
 Name the Indian football player, a member of India’s golden generation that won the football crown at the 1962 Jakarta Asian Games, passed away recently? -- Dharmalingam Ethiraj
 The National Energy Conservation day is annually celebrated across India on _________ to create awareness among the general public about the importance of energy conservation for the present and the future. -- 14th December
 According to the 1st ever ‘Electricity Market Report’ 2020 produced by_________, the Global electricity demand is expected to fall by 2% due to Pandemic and India, along with China, will lead the growth in global demand for electricity in 2021.  -- International Energy Agency (IEA)
 Which country has recently test-launched ‘Angara A5’ – heavy lift space rocket - successfully? -- Russia
 Indian Coast Guard Ship ‘Sujeet’, the second in the series of 05 Off Shore Patrol Vessels (OPVs), was commissioned at Goa. The Ship has been designed & built indigenously by – -- M/s Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL)
 India and Bangladesh have decided to resume trans-border railway connectivity between __________in West Bengal and Chilahati located across the border in Nilphamari district after almost 55 years. -- Haldibari
 Mobility services provider Ola has signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) with which state to open the world’s largest e-scooter factory? -- Tamil Nadu
 The 2023 FIH Men’s Hockey World Cup will be hosted by Odisha at two venues- Kalinga Stadium in Bhubaneswar and the Biju Patnaik Hockey Stadium in- -- Rourkela
 Ambrose Dlamini, the Prime Minister of_______, a country in Southern Africa, has passed away after contracting coronavirus. -- Eswatini
 The Maharashtra government will observe the birth anniversary of social reformer __________on January 3 every year as ''Savitri Utsav''.  -- Savitribai Phule
 Who has been elected president of the International Boxing Association (AIBA)? -- Umar Kremlev, Russia
 To deal with increasing circulation of banknotes, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has decided to set up an Automated Banknote Processing Centre (ABPC) in _________for receipt, storage and dispatch of currency notes. -- Jaipur
 What is the conservation status (IUCN Red List) of Himalayan serow which was recently sighted for the first time in the Himalayan cold desert region in Spiti, Himachal Pradesh? -- Vulnerable
 A first of its initiative, the National Centre for Divyang Empowerment (NCDE), an exclusive facility for training the CRPF personnel who suffer injuries and become physically challenged in the line of duty in modern technologies, has become operational at the Central Reserve Police Force’s group centre at  -- Hyderabad, Telangana
 It is a movement by artists and activists demanding greater freedom of expression in Cuba which started in September 2018, when the Cuban government sought to enforce Decree 349, a law that would have given powers to the nation’s Culture Ministry to restrict cultural activity it did not approve of. -- San Isidro Movement
 Which organisation of Norway has signed an MoU with cGanga, a think-tank of National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMCG) for development of sludge management framework in India? -- Norwegian Institute of Bioeconomy Research (NIBIO)
 Name the digital payment application launched by the India Post Payments Bank (IPPB) along with Department of Posts (DoP) to provide Digital Financial inclusion at the last mile across India? -- ‘DakPay’
 Name the Indian aerospace scientist and fluid dynamicist, winner of SS Bhatnagar Prize, Padma Bhushan, Gujarmal Modi Award, S. Ramanujan Medal, Padma Vibhushan; who passed away recently? -- Roddam Narasimha
 Vijay Diwas is commemorated every year on _________ to observe Indian military's victory over Pakistan in Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 that led to the creation of Bangladesh. -- 16th December
 Which organization has released a white paper titled ‘Vision 2035: Public Health Surveillance in India’? -- NITI Aayog
 Junior Asian Champion___________ won the gold medal in 10m Air Rifle event at the 6th edition of the International Online Shooting Championship (IOSC).  -- Yash Vardhan
 Noted Indian wrestler, _________, who had won the prestigious ‘Hind Kesari’ title (the highest respect in the Indian wrestling world) in 1959, passed away. -- Sripati Khanchanale
 For the proposed Noida Film City project, which company has been selected as the consultant that will prepare Detailed Project Reports (DPR)? -- CBRE South Asia Private Limited, headquartered in Dallas
 According to the World Health Organization’s (WHO) 2019 Global Health Estimates, which disease remained the ‘Top Cause’ of death at the Global level over the period 2000-19, and is responsible for 16% of World’s total deaths.  -- Ischaemic Heart Disease
 Name the US Pilot, first man to fly faster than speed of sound, who passed away recently? -- Chuck Yeager
 Name the ‘Padma Shri’ awardee Sanskrit scholar who apart from translating several literary works from Sanskrit to Kannada, penned nearly 150 books; passed away recently? -- Bannanje Govindacharya
 Name the scheme launched by the Andhra Pradesh Government under which sheep, goats will be distributed to women for improving their living standards? -- ‘Jagananna Jeeva Kranthi’
 The Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) has launched an electronic spot platform for agricultural commodities named ______________, through its subsidiary BSE Investments Limited. -- 'BSE E- Agricultural Markets Limited' or BEAM
 12th December is observed as ___________ remembering the brave Manipuri women who fought against the mighty British Empire. -- NupiLan Day
 The first Trilateral Working Group Meeting between India, Iran and _________on joint use of Chabahar Port was held virtually recently. -- Uzbekistan
 After establishing diplomatic ties with Morocco, with which Himalayan countrydidIsrael establish diplomatic relations? -- Bhutan
 In a diplomatic outreach to SCO countries, Indian Embassy in Beijing launched a movie series ___________ exclusively for the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation in which more than two dozen Indian films dubbed in Russian, will be screened on a monthly basis. -- "cinemaSCOpe"
 Who has been awarded the Social Entrepreneur of the Year award instituted by the Schwab Foundation and Jubilant Bhartia Foundation? -- Ashraf Patel
 Who won the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix 2020, held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates? -- Max Verstappen (Red Bull – Netherlands)
 Name the Indian Tennis player who won her third doubles title of the season after she won the 2020 Al Habtoor Tennis Challenge jointly with her Georgian partner EkaterineGorgodze in Dubai? -- AnkitaRaina
 Name the road that remains functional on the Indian side and will be connected through Mujibnagar, Meherpur district in Bangladesh and opened on March 26,2021? -- ‘SwadhinataSarak’
 To commemorate those intellectuals who were killed by Pakistani forces and their collaborators during the 1971 Liberation War, Bangladesh observes 14th December as  -- Martyred Intellectuals Day
 The _______________near Vighakot village in the district of Kutch in Gujarat will be the country's largest renewable energy generation park and will lead to generation of renewable energy to the tune of 30 Giga Watt. -- Hybrid Renewable Energy Park
 It is a civil society led network formed in 2011 with the objective of providing stakeholders from the states of the Indian Himalayan Region a platform to come together to discuss issues related to the development of the Himalayan region -- Integrated Mountain Initiative (formerly Indian Mountain Initiative)
 Sustainable Mountain Development Summit (SMDS) is an annual event of the __________ to deliberate on issues such as migration, water security, climate resilience and innovative solutions for the farm sector and disaster risk reduction in the Indian Himalayas; and the 2020 edition(9th)was hosted by the Sustainable Development Forum of Uttarakhand (SDFU) in Dehradun. -- Integrated Mountain Initiative (IMI)
 Which summit was co-hosted by the United Nations, United Kingdom and France, organized virtually to mark the five years of the adoption of the Paris Agreement on Climate Change? -- Climate Ambition Summit
 To promote the use of preventive diplomacy, which is a core goal of the United Nations, International Day of Neutrality is observed on  -- 12 December
 Name the Index touted as the country’s first comprehensive benchmarking tool for employers to measure their progress on LGBT+ inclusion at the workplace launched by KeshavSuri Foundation, in partnership with Pride Circle, Stonewall UK and FICCI? --  ‘India Workplace Equality Index’
 Name the rare genus of malaria that has been detected in a soldier who had come to Kerala from Sudan? -- Plasmodium Ovale
 The 5th India Water Impact Summit was organized by the National Mission for Clean Ganga (NMCG) and its think tank, Center for Ganga River Basin Management and Studies (cGanga) with the theme of -- Arth Ganga – River Synchronized Development
 ____________is the total value of River Ganga or of any river that is, it is the sum total of the river’s tangible values and intangible values. -- Arth Ganga
 Which country has launched the Beresheet 2 project aimed at landing an unmanned craft on the moon in 2024, after a previous such mission had crashed into the lunar surface? -- Israel
 Who have been jointly named as ‘Time’ magazine’s 2020 Person of the Year? -- Joe Biden, Kamala Harris
 BSNL has partnered with ___________for satellite-based NB-IoT (Narrow Band-Internet of Things) that will enable it to provide connectivity for millions of unconnected machines, sensors and industrial IoT devices across the country. -- Skylotech India
 India will launch a communication satellite__________, formerly named GSAT-12R, on December 17 2020, using its Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) rocket's XL variant numbered as PSLV-C50. -- CMS-01
 The Chairman of Fifteenth Finance Commission N.K. Singh has called for a fresh look at the Constitution’s ________Schedule, which forms the basis for allocating subjects to the Centre and States, and hinted at the need to fill an ‘institutional vacuum’ created by the abolition of the Planning Commission. -- Seventh
 Which organisation has launched APVAX- Asia Pacific Vaccine Access Facility- a vaccine initiative that will offer rapid and equitable support to its developing members as they deliver and procure the safe and effective Coronavirus vaccines? -- Asian Development Bank
 Name the country that borders Algeria to the east and southeast, Western Sahara to the south, the Atlantic Ocean to the west, and the Mediterranean Sea to the north and the only African country with coastal exposure to both the Atlantic Ocean and the Mediterranean Sea? -- Morocco
 It is a Martyrs' Day, observed in Assam on 10thDecember as a tribute to the sacrifices of martyrs of the Assam Agitation that demanded the Government of India to detect illegal immigrants, delete their names from electoral rolls and deport them -- -SwahidDiwas
 The Prime Minister of which country has been awarded the UN's highest environmental honour‘ Champions of the Earth’ award 2020 in the ‘Policy Leadership’ category for his global climate action work and his commitment to climate-responsive national development? -- Fiji, Frank Bainimarama
 Who won the “Sportsperson of the Year” award at the ‘India Sports Awards-2020’ declared by the Federation of Indian Commerce and Industry (FICCI)? -- BajrangPunia (Wrestling) and ElavenilValarivan (Shooting)
 With the theme “Mountain Biodiversity”, the International Mountain Day 2020 was observed on -- 11 December
 Recently it was found that too many cattle are robbing the one-horned rhinos of Assam’s_______________, referred to as ‘Mini Kaziranga’ for similar features, of their nutritious food. -- Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary
 Name the three women who topped the Forbes 2020 list of ‘The World's 100 Most Powerful Women'? -- Angela Merkel(1st), Christine Lagarde(2nd), Kamala Harris (3rd)
 From India, who topped the Forbes 2020 list of ‘The World's 100 Most Powerful Women'? -- NirmalaSitharaman (41st rank); Other Indians in the list:RoshniNadarMalhotra(55th) and KiranMazumdar-Shaw (68th)
 Who has been elected as the president of the International Golf Federation (IGF), to replace Peter Dawson? -- Annika Sorenstam, Sweden
 Who has been elected as the World Squash Federation President- the second female President after New Zealand’s Susie Simcock? -- Zena Wooldridge, England
 Recently, NHPC, a hydropower company and a PSU under the Ministry of Power, laid the foundation stone of head regulator works of Indo-Nepal Link Canal at barrage of Tanakpur Power Station of NHPC located in Banbasa, Champawat district of Uttarakhand. The 1.2 km long Indo-Nepal canal is being constructed under________ Treaty signed between India and Nepal. -- Mahakali
 As per the proposed new School Bag Policy 2020 by the Union Education Ministry, the maximum weight of the school bags to be not more than ________ % of the student’s weight. -- 10
 Microsoft founder and philanthropist Bill Gates and late ___________(posthumously), regarded as the Father of the Indian IT industry, have been conferred with Lifetime Achievement Award by The Indus Entrepreneurs (TiE). -- FC Kohli
 Name the Indian-American US Air Force colonel who is among 18 astronauts selected by NASA for its ambitious manned mission (Artemis program) to the Moon? -- Raja Chari
 Name the Indian contemporary dancer and choreographer who employed his training in Indian classical dance forms of Kathak as well as Kathakali to create a unique fusion dance form and won the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in 1996 and Padma Shri in 2007, who passed away recently? -- AstadDeboo
 Lord Basaveshwara had mentioned about the importance of people's participation in governance in the 12th century in his_______________, considered a parliament for spiritual and philosophical ideas.  -- 'AnubhavaMantapa'
 Which festival is known as the ‘Festival of Lights’ and celebrates the rededication of the Second Temple in Jerusalem during the second century B.C. when Jews rose up against Greek-Syrian rulers in the Maccabean Revolt and drove them out of Jerusalem? -- Hanukkah
 Which Small Finance Bank has introduced a new channel to make banking services accessible to customers in their neighbourhood called ‘Money Mitra’? -- Ujjivan Small Finance Bank
 For implementation of ‘VanchitIkai Samoohaur Vargonki Aarthik Sahayta’ (VISVAS) Yojana, an interest subvention scheme for financial empowerment of economically marginalized OBC/SC Self Help Groups (SHGs) &individuals, National Backward Classes Finance & Development Corporation (NBCFDC) and National Scheduled Castes Finance and Development Corporation (NSFDC) entered in to MoA with _______________. -- Central Bank of India
 With the theme “Recover Better – Stand Up for Human Rights”, World Human Rights Day 2020 was observed on  -- 10 December
 The World Economic Forum’s 2021 annual meeting is generally held in Davos, Switzerland, but amid Covid-19, the meeting was first shifted to Lucerne-Burgenstock, Switzerland in October 2020 andnow again the venue has been shifted to ____________ , that would return to Davos, Switzerland, in 2022. -- Singapore
 To monitor the entire vaccination process by providing real-time monitoring of COVID-19 vaccine delivery, recording data and to enable people to get themselves registered for vaccination, theUnion Health Ministry has developed a digital platform and mobile app called -- Co-WIN
 The United Nations General Assembly has approved a resolution proclaiming ____________as the ‘International Day of Epidemic Preparedness’ to keep a global spotlight on the need to strengthen global measures to prevent pandemics. -- 27th December
 Name the glamping event being organized by the Odisha Tourism at five major tourist destinations in Konark, Bhitarkanika, Daringibadi, Hirakud and Satkosia this year where tourists will be offered accommodation facilities and services in luxury tented cottages? -- Eco Retreat
 The West Bengal cabinet has approvedthe construction of state's first deep sea port at__________ inPurbaMedinipur district. -- Tajpur
 Delhi Police’s women front desk executives will be donned with Khadisarees made of high quality Tasar-Katia Silk prepared by traditional artisans from__________. -- West Bengal
 Based at the United Nations,the _____________is a global partnership of 75 governments, companies, and international organizations that accelerates the transition from cash to digital payments in order to reduce poverty and drive inclusive growth.  -- Better Than Cash Alliance
 Who is the author of the book titled ‘ManavtakePraneta: Maharishi Arvind’? -- Ramesh Pokhriyal ‘Nishank’, Union Education Minister
 SAARC Charter Day is observed annually on 8th December to mark the signing of the SAARC Charter in 1985 by the leaders of SAARC countries at the first SAARC Summit held in ____________. -- Dhaka (Bangladesh)
 The International Bharati Festival, 2020 is being organized on December 11 by Vanavil Cultural Centre to celebrate the 138th birth anniversary of Tamil poet and writer____________________. -- MahakaviSubramanyaBharati
 Which four sports have been approved by the Executive Board (eb) of the International Olympic Committee (ioc) forthe Olympic Games Paris 2024, which are centred on gender equality and youth? -- Skateboarding, Sport Climbing, Surfing and Breaking
 The next ‘great conjunction’ of Jupiter and ________will occur on December 21, 2020-that date is, coincidentally, the date of the Winter Solstice.  -- Saturn
 Which country will host the Asia Cup cricket tournament in 2021? -- Sri Lanka
 Name the renowned Indian dancer/choreographer who along with late Sultan of Oman Qaboosbin Said Al Said who won the Tagore Prize 2020 for Social Achievement? -- Sandip Soparrkar
 Name the literary fiction based on ‘Nirbhaya’ by Raj Kamal Jha, writer and chief editor of ‘The Indian Express’ that won the Rabindranath Tagore Literary Prize 2020? -- The City and the Sea
 The Uttar Pradesh Government is working to connect ___________villages in the districts of Balrampur, Bahraich, Lakhimpur and Pilibhit bordering Nepal, with the ‘Home Stay’ scheme of the UP Forest Department to put these villages on the tourism map, and to create jobs and bring economic independence for them. -- Tharu
 Maharashtra police’s cyber-crime prevention department has acquired ‘Crawler’ software from the Interpol that will be used in the state’s call to action against child sexual abuse initiative called  -- Operation Blackface
 Name the British women who became the first patient in the world to receive the Pfizer coronavirus vaccine following its clinical approval and administered by May Parsons, a matron? -- Margaret Keenan alias Maggie
 The world’s highest mountain peak ‘Mount Everest’sheight is_____________metresas per a survey conducted jointly by Nepal and China. -- 8,848.86
 Name the two historical fort cities of Madhya Pradesh which have been included in the list of UNESCO’s world heritage cities recently under its urban landscape city programme? -- Gwalior and Orchha
 Who has been appointed as the Chief Justice of common High Court for the Union Territory of Jammu & Kashmir and Union Territory of Ladakh,consequent upon the retirement of Justice Gita Mittal? -- Justice Rajesh Bindal
 Debendranath Sarangi, President Squash Rackets Federation of India, has been elected as one of the three vice presidents of the ______________. -- World Squash Federation
 Indian-origin global health expert __________has been appointed as the first Chief Executive Officer of the newly launched The WHO Foundation, which works alongside the World Health Organization to address most pressing health challenges across the world. -- Anil Soni
 Swedish pole vaulter ______________ and Venezuelan triple jumper __________ are the 2020 Male and Female World Athletes of the Year announced by the World Athletics. -- Mondo Duplantis , Yulimar Rojas
 The State Board for Wildlife in Maharashtra (SBWL) has decided to declare ten new conservation reserves (CRs) along with a new sanctuary _______________ (the state’s 50th) in Chandrapur district. -- KanhargaonSanctuary
 ___________, the chief executive of the world's largest vaccine manufacturer Serum Institute of India, is among six people named "Asians of the Year" by Singapore's leading daily, The Straits Times for their work in fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.  -- Adar Poonawalla
 India remained in the top 10 for the second year in a row in this year's Climate Change Performance Index (CCPI) 2021, occupying rank 10. CCPI is published by  -- Germanwatch,NewClimate Institute and Climate Action Network (CAN)
 Through which mission China recently became the second country in the world to unfurl its national flag on the moon’s surface after the USA’s Apollo mission in 1969? -- Chang’e 5
 Who has been chosen by President-elect Joe Biden to be the first African-American secretary of defense and head of Pentagon? -- Lloyd Austin
 Pakistan has issued special permits to Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman and two other members of the royal family to hunt the internationally protected ____________during the hunting season 2020-21. -- HoubaraBustards
 Which country has given world's first regulatory approval (to U.S. start-up Eat Just)to sell lab-grown chicken meat that does not come from slaughtered animals? -- Singapore
 Name the two new zoos one each in Bihar and Uttar Pradesh which were granted recognition by Central Zoo Authority at its 37th General Body meeting on 7th December 2020? -- Rajgir Zoo Safari (Nalanda, Bihar),ShaheedAshfaqueUllah Khan PraniUdyaan(Gorakhpur, UP)
 Name the Bengaluru based private satellite-imaging company that entered into an agreement with NewSpace India Limited (NSIL), a Government of India company under the Department of Space to launch its first remote-sensing satellite on the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV)? -- Pixxel
 Recently China successfully powered up its HL-2M Tokamak reactor also called "Artificial Sun"; which type of reactor is it? -- Nuclear Fusion Reactor
 Samples collected from the asteroid___________, about 300 million kilometres away, by Japan’s Hayabusa2 spacecraft, arrived safely near Woomera in Australia through a capsule. -- Ryugu
 With the theme ‘Keep Soil Alive, Protect Soil Biodiversity’, World Soil Day 2020 was celebrated on  -- 5thDecember
 Bangladesh has signed its first Preferential Trade Agreement (PTA) with which country since its independence? -- Bhutan
 Which report first launched in 2019, by UNEP measures the gap between Paris Agreement goals and countries’ planned and projected production of coal, oil, and gas? -- Production Gap Report
 A book Titled ‘The Patient Assassin: A True Tale of Massacre, Revenge and the Raj’ authored by Anita Anand, a British-Indian, won PEN Hessell-Tiltman Prize 2020. The book is based on the life of Indian revolutionary  -- Udham Singh
 Libra Association, a cryptocurrency project started by Facebook Inc. has changed its name to Diem Association and it’s readying a currency that will be called the -- Diem Dollar
 Name the first-ever media and entertainment executive in India elected as the president of Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI) for the year 2020-21? -- Uday Shankar
 Name the 15-year-old Indian-American ccientist and inventor named as the first ever “Kid of the Year” by TIME Magazine? -- GitanjaliRao
 West Bengal has named the newly-built MajerhatBridge in Kolkata as __________bridge to commemorate the 125th Birth Anniversary of Subash Chandra Bose.  -- ‘Jai Hind’
 Name the Padma Shri awardee Indian space scientist and former director of VSSC & LPSC who passed away recently? -- Dr S Ramakrishnan
 Name the Padma Shri and Padma Bhushan awardee author of the book titled “40 Years with Abdul Kalam- Untold Stories”? -- Dr A. SivathanuPillai
 Name the programme launched by Sequoia India in collaboration with NitiAayog's Women Entrepreneurship Platform (WEP) to promote women entrepreneurship in India? -- Sequoia Spark
 Who is first from India to win the Global Teacher Prize? -- RanjitsinhDisale
 The United Nations (UN) celebrated the first ever International Day of Banks across the globe on  -- 4th December 2020
 The Department of Space (DoS) has signed first one of its kind Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) with _______________under which the latter can access the facilities and technical expertise of Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) for its launch vehicle programme. -- Agnikul Cosmos Pvt. Ltd
 To maintain social harmony and national unity, which State Cabinet has cleared a proposal to rename all residential colonies having caste-based names? -- Maharashtra
 Parliament House of India was designed by Edwin Lutyens and Herbert Baker, andopening ceremony was performed on 18 January 1927 by the then Viceroy and Governor-General of India,____________. -- Lord Irwin
 Mizoram’s first solar power plant has been commissioned recently at Tlungvel in the district of  -- Aizawl
 Name the Ahmedabad based architectural firm that has designed the new Parliament building? -- HCP Design, Planning and Management
 Taking into account future needs, the new building of Parliament has provision to accommodate __________ members of LokSabha __________ members of the RajyaSabha. -- 888, 384
 The India Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR)’s Bhopal based institute ‘Indian Institute of Soil Science’ was awarded the King Bhumibol World Soil Day 2020 Award by___________ on World Soil Day 2020 for its contribution towards ‘Soil health awareness’. -- Food and Agricultural Organisation (FAO)
 Which company will carry out the construction work of the new Parliament building? -- Tata Projects Limited
 The UN Commission on Narcotic Drug has voted to reclassify cannabis recognising it a narcotic that is not dangerous. India voted in favour of the decision. Cannabis and its derivatives are banned in India under the -- Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act of 1985
 According to the International Cricket Council (ICC) playing conditions for concussion substitution, whose approval is needed for a like for-like player? -- ICC Match Referee
 Tropical cyclonesalways spin counter-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere, and spin in the opposite direction in the Southern Hemisphere due to -- CoriolisForce
 The Supreme Court of India has held that lottery, gambling and betting are taxable under GST Act as they are ‘actionable claims’ and come within the definition of___________. -- ‘goods’
 The year 2020 is set to be among the three warmest on record, also the decade 2011-2020 would be the warmest ever - according to the latest State of the Global Climate provisional report released on December 1, 2020 by  -- World Meteorological Organization
 According to the Global Wage Report, 2020, published recently by the _____________________low-paid workers, disproportionately women were the most affected by loss of working hours due to the COVID-19 pandemic. -- International Labour Organization (ILO)
 Name the administrator of Lakshadweep and former Intelligence Bureau (IB) chief who passed away recently? -- Dineshwar Sharma
 ‘Mahashay’ DharampalGulati, the owner of spices company ‘Mahashian Di Hatti’, popularly known as MDH, has passed away.Gulati was honoured with the third highest civilian award, ‘Padma Bhushan’, in___________. -- 2019
 The Odisha Government’s Tourism Department organised the 9th edition of International Sand Art festival at _____________Beach and parallely the 31st edition of Konark dance festival. -- Chandrabhaga
 Name the Indian-born American physicist best known as the 'father of fiber optics' who passed away? -- Narinder Singh Kapany
 Name the Srinagar born Wushu coach and the first Dronacharya Awardee from the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir, who has been appointed as the ambassador of Fit India movement? -- KuldeepHandoo
 The Indian Air Force has carried out firing of the indigenously developed Akash missile system along with Russian short-range __________ missiles as part of a drill at air force station Suryalanka in Andhra Pradesh.  -- Igla
 Name the first politician from Balochistan to become Prime Minister of Pakistan who passed away recently? -- ZafarullahKhan Jamali
 Name the India's indigenous aircraft carrier 1 (IAC 1) which successfully passed basin trials recently at Cochin Shipyard Limited in Kochi? -- INS Vikrant
 The Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) has projected that numbers of the ______________could decline by 90% in India by 2050, and it could be extinct by then if urgent steps are not taken. -- Malayan Giant Squirrel
 Karnataka recently celebrated the 533rd birth anniversary of legendary Kannada saint and Vaishnavapoet ____________who lived in the 16th Century during the Vijayanagara Empire.  -- Kanakadasa
 Which mission of NASA and European Space Agency (ESA) completed 25 years recently and is the most comprehensive space mission ever devoted to the study of the Sun and its nearby cosmic environment known as the heliosphere? -- Solar and Heliospheric Observatory, SOHO
 In the case of the Supreme Court, the_____________________, and in the case of High Courts, the______________, may bring in a motion before the court for initiating a case of contempt of court. -- Attorney General or the Solicitor General, Advocate General
 Which district of Bihar is going to organise a bird festival for the first time to save migratory birds? -- Bhagalpur
 Scientists have discovered the oldest known human-made nanomaterials in the "unique black coatings" of ancient pottery shards -- dated to 600 BC -- unearthed from an archaeological site in_____________, Tamil Nadu.  -- Keeladi
 ______________in Manipur's Thoubal district has been chosen as best performing Police Station in the country. -- NongpokSekmaiPolice Station
 With a vision to create a conducive environment by reducing carbon emissions and nurture technology solutions in India, NVVN (NTPC VidyutVyapar Nigam), a wholly-owned subsidiary company of NTPC ltd, has launched the -- Green Charcoal Hackathon
 India Ranks 8th and Afghanistan Tops Global Terrorism Index 2020 published annually by the  -- Institute for Economics and Peace (IEP), Sydney, Australia
 The World Wide Fund for Nature-India (WWF-India) is preparing a team of ____________ who will help tackle the increasing number of man-animal conflicts in the Terai region of Uttar Pradesh. -- 'BaghMitra'
 Name the first woman Air Traffic Controller in India, who is head of Kolkata Air Traffic Control (ATC)? -- ShyamliHaldar
 Traditionally, the winter session of the Maharashtra legislature is held in________, the second capital of the state.  -- Nagpur
 Haryana will soon have a dedicated Science City in __________with the purpose of giving practical information science along with books to the children and youths of the state so they can understand the science related facts very closely. -- Gurugram
 The city of Lucknow is the ninth in the country to have raised municipal bonds, the first city to list such bond was -- Ahmedabad
 An ancient idol of the goddess Annapurna, the goddess of foodcarved in the ________style, stolen from India about a century ago, is being brought back from Canada. -- Benares
 Sphaerotheca Bengaluru is a new species of ____________discovered outside its natural habitat in a barren tract of land near Rajankunte, outskirts of Bengaluru.  -- Frog
 In which state, on 27th November, 2020, on the occasion of 11th National Organ Donation Day, the first of its kind “Organ Donor Memorial” was inaugurated? -- Rajasthan
 Union Education Ministry has set up a task force for preparing a roadmap on imparting ______________in Mother Tongue under the chairmanship of Secretary, Higher Education. -- Technical Education
 Who has been appointed as the Director General Border Roads? -- Lt Gen Rajeev Chaudhry
 Who won the 2020 Bahrain Grand Prix at Bahrain International Circuit, Bahrain? -- Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes-Great Britain)
 Who has been appointed as the interim Chairperson of National Dairy Development Board (NDDB), Headquartered in Anand, Gujarat?  -- Varsha Joshi
 Utpal Kumar Singh has been appointed as the Secretary-General of LokSabha; who appoints Secretary-General of LokSabha? -- Speaker of the LokSabha
 Recently inaugurated SuryadharLake is situated in which state? -- Uttarakhand
 The prime Minister of which country will be the chief guest for 2021 Republic Day celebrations of India? -- UK, Boris Johnson
 After Kaziranga National Park, Manas National Park, Nameri National Park, Dibru-Saikhowa National Park and Orang National Park it will be 6th National Park of Assam if approved and isan upgradationof an area of 422 sq km of notified Ripu Reserved Forest under Manas National Park and Tiger Reserve  -- Raimona National Park
 Name the Panchayat Newsletter of the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir, being published in five official languages of J&K? -- “Parivartan”
 Which country has recently established diplomatic relations with Germany but has no ties with the p5 countries of the UN Security Council (UNSC) – China, US, Russia, France and UK ? -- Bhutan
 Which Ministry is going to start a ‘Ramayan Cruise Tour’ on the SaryuRiver (Ghagra/National Waterways-40) in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh? -- Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways
 In India, the National Pollution Control Day is observed every year on ____________ to commemorate the life of people lost in the unfortunate incident of Bhopal Gas Tragedy that occurred in the year 1984 on the night of 2–3 December. -- 2ndDecember
 International Day for the Abolition of Slavery is observed annually on ____________ since 1986 by the United Nations General Assembly. -- 2nd December
 Which is the first city from North India to list its municipal bonds on Bombay Stock Exchange? -- Lucknow
 Players of both Australia and India cricket teams paid tribute to Australia's indigenous people by taking part in a ___________ceremony before the start of the first ODI at the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG). -- 'barefoot circle'
 Rispana is a tributary of which river? -- Song
 Union Environment Ministry has approved construction of Song Dam Drinking Water Project in which State? -- Uttarakhand
 India hosted the 19th Heads of Government (HoG) council meeting of the eight-nation Shanghai Cooperation Organisation chaired by -- Venkaiah Naidu, Vice President
 Which word has been named by Cambridge Dictionary as Word of the Year 2020? --  ‘quarantine’
 The death anniversary of BabsahebAmbedkar falls on 6th of Dec which is observed as ______________and DrAmbedkar’s Samadhi referred as ______________ is located at Dadar in Mumbai. -- Mahaparinirvana Divas, Chaityabhoomi
 The Ili Lewotolok volcano that erupted recently is situated in which country? -- Indonesia
 It is a unique environmental landmark in Chandigarh inaugurated on 30th November to commemorate the 551st birth anniversary celebrations of first Sikh master, Guru Nanak Dev -- Museum of Trees
 The Forest Department of which state has built a first-of-its-kind elevated eco-bridge across a busy highway so that reptiles trying to cross over are not crushed under traffic. -- Uttarakhand
 Name the Bill passed by Rajasthan Assembly that added a new clause in section 4 of the Act that proposes to prohibit the movement of any person in public without properly covering his mouth and nose with a face mask? -- The Rajasthan Epidemic (Amendment) Bill, 2020
 Name the cyclone brewing in the Bay of Bengal and is likely to affect Tamil Nadu and Kerala after Nivar, according to the India Meteorological Department (IMD)that has been named by Maldives? -- 'Burevi'
 Films Division, after ‘Raagotsav’ and ‘Nrityanjali’, festivals focusing on Indian classical music and dance respectively, will showcase an exclusive bouquet of documentary films on folk art and paintings called  -- Lok Virasat
 In the Parsi language, the name 'Nivar' means light; name the country that named this cyclone? -- Iran
 Name the initiative launched by Himachal Pradesh government to sensitize people regarding Covid-19 pandemic and also to collect information regarding symptoms of diseases like TB, Leprosy, sugar and blood pressure by the door to door campaign throughout the State? -- ‘Him Suraksha Abhiyan’
 India will host for the first time the 19th meeting of the Council of Heads of Govt. of ____________________member states on Nov. 30th.  -- Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO)
 The 4th NSA Level Meeting on Trilateral Maritime Security Cooperation among India, Sri Lanka and Maldives is being hosted by __________on November 27-28, 2020. -- Sri Lanka
 The Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways has issued a draft of the Merchant Shipping Bill, 2020 for public consultation which aims to repeal and replace which two Acts? -- Merchant Shipping Act, 1958, Coasting Vessels Act, 1838
 Union Agriculture Minister has launched __________ programme to impart training to primary cooperative societies in rural areas of the country through National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC). -- Sahakar Pragya
 Name the expert group that has been formed as the highest group that will guide the strategies for vaccine introduction in India? -- National Expert Group on Vaccine Administration for Covid-19 (NEGVAC)
 Name the indigenously developed technology that digitises vaccine stocks and monitors the temperature of the cold chain through a smartphone application; that will be used to distribute COVID 19 vaccines? -- eVIN (Electronic Vaccine Intelligence Network)
 The Union Cabinet has approved to the scheme of amalgamation of Lakshmi Vilas Bank Limited (LVB) with -- DBS Bank India Limited (DBIL)
 Argentinian football player Diego Maradona, in full Diego Armando Maradona has passed away on November 25, 2020; he starred on the Argentine national team that won the _________World Cup. -- 1986
 Which country has most recently approved, in principle, a law on chemical castration of rapists? -- Pakistan
 A commercial lawyer by trade, who has been elected as new chairman of International Cricket Council (ICC)? -- Greg Barclay, New Zealand
 Who has been elected as the Speaker of Bihar Assembly? -- Vijay Kumar Sinha
 On 26th November in 1949, the Constituent Assembly of the country formally adopted the Constitution of India which came into force on 26th January 1950. Hence 26th November is celebrated as  -- Constitution Day/SamvidhanDiwas/National Law Day
 Name the village that China has established on territory disputed by China and Bhutan towards east of India-Bhutan-China trijunction on the Doklam plateau? -- Pangda Village
 These are debt instruments that offer to pay the investor a maturity amount lower than the purchase price of the bond and are generally issued by central banks or governments and investors pay interest to the borrower to keep their money with them -- Negative-yield bonds
 For the first time a tree frog species, Rohanixalusvittatus (Striped Bubble-nest frog), is reported from the ___________Islands of India and is named after the Sri Lankan taxonomist Rohan Pethiyagoda. -- Andaman
 Name one of the longest migrating small birds that breed throughout northern and temperate Europe, recently sighted in India (Punchakkari, Kerala) for the first time? -- Willow Warbler
 Recently, an idol of Goddess Kali of the Lakshmi Devi Temple at Doddagaddavalli, Karnataka has been found damaged.The Lakshmi Devi temple was built by the Hoysala Empire King  -- Vishnuvardhana
 ‘Shaheedi Divas’ is observed every year on November 24, to remember the sacrifice of the ninth Guru of Sikhism _________________, the youngest son of Guru Hargobind, who was publicly killed in 1675 on the orders of Mughal emperor Aurangzeb in Delhi for refusing to convert to Islam.  -- Guru Tegh Bahadur
 ______________temples are sometimescalled hybrid or vesara as their unique style seems neithercompletely dravida nor nagara, but somewhere in between and they are easily distinguishable from other medieval templesby their highly original star-like ground-plans and aprofusion of decorative carvings. -- Hoysala
 Assam celebrates ‘Lachit Diwas’ on 24th November honoring the memory of Ahom general Lachit Borphukan, who defeated the Mughal army on the banks of the Brahmaputra in the Battle of _________in 1671. -- Saraighat
 After the legislation (Disha Bill) for the security of women, which state has launched “Abhayam” mobile phone application to help women and children travelling in taxis and autorickshaws to raise an alarm in case of any emergency? -- Andhra Pradesh
 The New Development Bank, also known as BRICS Bank, headquartered at __________has approved USD 500 million for the Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut Regional Rapid Transit System (RRTS) Project and a loan of USD 241 million for Mumbai Metro Rail II (Line 6) Project. -- Shanghai
 Name the first 1st cow hospital of Northeast set up by Shree Gopal Gaushala, a cow shelter in Assam? -- Surbhi Aarogyashala
 The Comptroller & Auditor General of India Girish Chandra Murmu has been elected as External Auditor of____________, Geneva for three years. -- Inter Parliamentary Union (IPU)
 India’s first moss garden has been developed at __________in Nainital district of Uttarakhand. -- Khurpatal
 Name the three UN organisations that launched a new global coalition of global leaders to tackle antimicrobial resistance AMR? -- Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO), World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) and the World Health Organization (WHO)
 Name the longest serving chief minister of Assam (three-times) who also served as the food and food processing industry minister in the Union Cabinet of India, passed away recently? -- Tarun Gogoi
 Under which initiative the government is looking at setting up 5,000 compressed bio-gas (CBG) plants by 2023-24 with a production target of 15 million tonnes? -- Sustainable Alternative Towards Affordable Transportation (SATAT)
 Name the three organisations which organised the 4th Global Conference on Criminal Finances and Cryptocurrencies from November 18 to 19 virtually? -- Interpol, Europol and the Basel Institute on Governance
 Name 2017 Sahitya Akademi Award winner Telugu poet and journalist known by his pen name ‘Devi Priya’, who passed away recently? -- Shaik Khaja Hassan
 Which state in India observes ‘India International Cherry Blossom Festival’ that has been cancelled this year due to COVID-19 pandemic? -- Meghalaya
 Name the three states awarded by the Ministry of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying as best performing states in ‘Inland Fisheries’, ‘Best Marine State’ and ‘Hilly and NE states’ category respectively on the occasion of ‘World Fisheries Day’? -- Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Assam
 The remains of a temple of Lord Vishnu recently unearthed by archaeologists in Pakistan’s Barikot- Ghundai in Swat district is believed to have been constructed 1,300 years ago by which Dynasty? -- Hindu Shahi
 Analysing data collected by NASA's __________rover, scientists have found that floods of unimaginable magnitude once washed through Gale Crater on Mars' equator around four billion years ago. -- Curiosity
 Name the Indian environmentalist who won the Edinburgh Medal 2020 - given each year by the City of Edinburgh Council to men and women who have made significant contributions to science and technology and the understanding and well-being of humanity? -- Sunita Narain
 To empower women through financial inclusion, Mastercard and the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) have partnered under the Women's Global Development and Prosperity Initiative (W-GDP) to launch -- Project Kirana
 What is the rank of India in 2020 Global Bribery Risk Matrix released by TRACE International that considered 194 countries? -- 77
 The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has approved the study ‘Status of Radicalisation in India: An Exploratory Study of Prevention and Remedies’ under the leadership of  -- GS Bajpai
 Name the satellite launched by the US space agency (NASA) along with the European Space Agency (ESA) to monitor rising global sea level? -- Sentinel-6 Michael Freilich
 Scottish writer Douglas Stuart, whose debut novel __________narrates the story of a boy growing up in Glasgow in the 1980s, has won the 2020 Booker Prize for Fiction from a shortlist that included Indian-origin writer Avni Doshi’s Burnt Sugar. -- Shuggie Bain
 Name the campaign launched by the Union Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs across 243 cities to prevent hazardous cleaning of sewers and septic tanks and to promote mechanized cleaning? -- Safaimitra Suraksha Challenge
 Name the initiative of United Nations to counter the misinformation around COVID-19 vaccines and build confidence by busting myths and sharing information on the safety and effectiveness of vaccines on social media? -- Team Halo
 Which is the first city in India to have a gender-specific city’s urban plan which has provisions for designated spaces for the needs of women? -- Mumbai
 Which is the first city in India to receive the ISO-9001:2015 certification for effective Faecal Sludge & Septage Management (FSSM) services? -- Bhubaneswar
 The Election Commission of India (ECI) has approved the appointment of __________ as the State Icon of Punjab.  -- Sonu Sood
 Name the four Indian cities selected by World Economic Forum (WEF) among 36 Global Cities for pioneering a new global policy roadmap for smart cities and will be developed by G20 Global Smart Cities Alliance? -- Indore, Faridabad, Bengaluru, and Hyderabad
 The 15th G-20 Summit will be held virtually at Riyadh, Saudi Arabia and will be chaired by Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud on November 21st and 22nd. Which country will host the 16th Summit in 2021? -- Italy
 Foreign ministers from the Five Eyes (FVEY) have urged China to reconsider its actions against Hong Kong’s elected legislature and immediately reinstate the Legislative Council members. The Five Eyes (FVEY) is an intelligence alliance comprising  -- Australia, Canada, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States
 Which fund was set up under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) in 2010 as the world’s largest dedicated fund to help developing countries reduce their carbon emissions? -- Green Climate Fund (GFC)
 ‘The Republican Ethic Volume III’ and ‘Loktantra Ke Swar' are two books released recently and are collection of selected speeches of  -- Ram Nath Kovind, President of India
 The Mahajan Commission was set up under the third Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of India, Meher Chand Mahajan to resolve border dispute between which two states? -- Maharashtra and Karnataka
 Name the first woman Governor of Goa, a proficient writer, who passed away recently? -- Mridula Sinha
 With the theme “Sustainable sanitation and climate change”, World Toilet Day (WTD) 2020 was observed globally on ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­____________ and aims to achieve Sustainable Development Goal 6: water and sanitation for all by 2030.  -- 19 November
 The Karnataka cabinet has approved for the creation of __________as the state's 31st district, carving it out from the mine-rich Ballari. -- Vijayanagara
 Which state has created India’s first cow sanctuary- ‘Kamdhenu Gau Abhyaranya’ and recently set up a ‘Gau Cabinet’ for the protection, conservation and promotion of cows in the state? -- Madhya Pradesh
 Recently, the External Affairs Minister of India has addressed the first India-Nordic-Baltic Conclave. The five Nordic countries are Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. Name the three Baltic countries? -- Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania
 The State Govt. of Madhya Pradesh observed November 15th - the birth anniversary of Martyr Birsa Munda as -- “Tribal Pride Day”
 Which state has launched the “Vastsalya Yojna” and “Samarth Yojna” for orphan and destitute children? -- Rajasthan
 Which Article deals with the ‘Right to Constitutional Remedies’, or affirms the right to move the Supreme Court by appropriate proceedings for the enforcement of the rights conferred in Part III of the Constitution? -- Article 32
 Which is the first textile mill in Asia that will operate on solar power? -- Jai Bhawani Women's Cooperative Textile Mill, Maharashtra
 Which Small Finance Bank of India has appointed woman cricketer Smriti Mandhana as the new brand ambassador? -- Equitas Small Finance Bank
 Who is the first chairperson Reserve Bank Innovation Hub (RBIH) created to promote innovation across the financial sector by leveraging technology? -- Kris Gopalakrishnan
 The FIFA cancelled both the women's U-17 World Cup and U-20 World Cup which were scheduled to be held in _________and ________respectively but handed both the countries the hosting rights of the 2022 editions. -- India, Costa Rica
 Which Tennis player has equalled Pete Sampras’ record of winning six year-end number one trophies? -- Novak Djokovic
 The 12th BRICS Summit was held virtually and hosted by Russia with the theme ‘Global Stability, Shared Security and Innovative Growth’. Which country will host the 13th BRICS Summit in 2021? -- India
 Name the renowned sculptor and Padma Shri awardee from Rajasthan, known as ‘Master of Cloning’, who passed away recently? -- Arjun Prajapati
 Dhubri-Phulbari bridge project over Brahmaputra will be India’s longest bridge over a river in the northeast, is financed by  -- JICA (Japan International Cooperation Agency)
 It is a short range surface-to-air missile system, designed and developed by DRDO to provide a protective shield to moving armoured columns of the Army from enemy aerial attacks -- Quick Reaction Surface-to-Air Missile system(QRSAM)
 Name the newly contracted (by BCCI) official kit sponsor for Indian cricket team - men's, women’s and the under-19 from November 2020 to December 2023 after Nike? -- MPL Sports
 Name the award launched by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) to acknowledge efforts undertaken to empower women in the country? -- Lilavati Award
 Name the isolated UK Overseas Territory, which is home to the world's most remote human settlement, declared the largest fully protected marine reserves in the Atlantic Ocean? -- Tristan da Cunha
 Nobel-winning Japanese physicist Masatoshi Koshiba has passed away. He shared the prize with Raymond Davis Jr. in 2002 for the discovery of elementary particles called -- Neutrinos
 As part of NASA’s first commercial human spacecraft system in history, a crew of four astronauts sent to the International Space Station (ISS), onboard SpaceX’s Crew Dragon spacecraft called  -- Resilience
 The ‘Statue of Peace’ in Rajasthan’s Pali has recently been unveiled to mark the 151st Jayanti celebrations of Jainacharya – -- Shree Vijay Vallabh Surishwer Ji Maharaj
 Which State Assembly has recently passed a resolution on ‘Sarna Code’ to include Sarna as a separate religion in the 2021 census? -- Jharkhand
 Which organization has announced to set up a Global Centre for Traditional Medicine in India? -- World Health Organisation (WHO)
 Name the European Space Agency’s exoplanet mission dedicated to measuring the chemical composition and thermal structures of exoplanets? -- Atmospheric Remote-sensing Infrared Exoplanet Large-survey (ARIEL)
 Who directed ‘Apur Sansar’ - the first film of Soumitra Chatterjee? -- Satyajit Ray
 Winner of Dadasaheb Phalke award (2012), Padma Bhushan (2004) Soumitra Chatterjee has passed away. He was the first Indian film personality to be conferred with the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres, France’s highest award for artists established by -- Napoleon Bonaparte
 Apart from the 10 ________________member states, East Asia Summit includes India, China, Japan, Republic of Korea, Australia, New Zealand, United States and Russia. -- ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations)
 15 Asia Pacific countries have signed the world’s biggest free trade deal, led by China, on the sidelines of the 37th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) Summit called  --  ‘Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP)
 Which state organized the ‘Mati Kala Hunar Bazaar’, an exhibition to promote local sculptors of the state? -- Uttar Pradesh
 According to a 2018 report on the ‘vital statistics on India based on the Civil Registration System’, which states recorded best and worst sex ratio respectively in the country? -- Arunachal Pradesh (1,085), Manipur (757)
 Who will chair the 22-member inter-ministerial committee which has been set up recently to strengthen the Capital Goods(CG) Sector and make it globally competitive? -- Secretary, Department of Heavy Industries (DHI)
 The Union Ministry of Food Processing Industries (MoFPI) has announced 50% air transportation subsidy for 41 notified fruits and vegetables from northeastern and Himalayan states to any place in India under _________________Scheme.  -- Operation Greens (TOP to TOTAL)
 Under which programme, “Sarhad Vistar Vikasotsav 2020” is being organized in Dhordo village in Kutch district of Gujarat to address the problems relating to health, education and road connectivity in remote and border villages? -- Border Area Development Programme (BADP)
 Name the first prime minister of Bahrain who passed away recently? -- Sheikh Khalifa bin Salman al Khalifa
 Which country has successfully launched what has been described as "the world's first 6G satellite" into space to test the technology? -- China
 ‘Moustache’, authored by Malayalam writer _________and translated to English by Jayasree Kalathil, has won the 2020 JCB Prize for Literature.  -- S. Hareesh
 In February 2021, which city of Uttar Pradesh will organize an International Bird Festival? -- Gorakhpur
 Which country recently released a pictorial anthology on Mahatma Gandhi titled ‘Maile Bujheko Gandhi’ (My Understanding about Gandhi)? -- Nepal
 Dobra-Chanti suspension bridge, India’s longest single-lane motorable suspension bridge has been inaugurated in Tehri-Garhwal district of Uttarakhand is built over the ________lake. -- Tehri
 Name the 2020 Physics Nobel Laureate who had worked closely with Indian astronomers on the design of back-end instruments and possible science prospects of the Thirty Meter Telescope (TMT) project being installed at Maunakea in Hawaii? -- Prof. Andrea Ghez
 Name the Indian diplomat who has been elected to the U.N. Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ)? -- Vidisha Maitra
 Who will chair the 2021 SCO Summit? -- Emomali Rahmon ( President of Tajikistan)
 Which state has successfully cultivated first crop of saffron recently other than Jammu and Kashmir? -- Sikkim
 To the army of which country Indian Army has gifted 20 horses and 10 mine detection dogs?  -- Bangladesh
 Who is the author of the book ‘Your Best Day is Today’? -- Anupam Kher
 Name the short film which features Vidya Balan and child actor Sanika Patel that talks about gender equality in a patriarchal society, which has become eligible for Oscar nominations? -- Natkhat
 Hornbill Festival, held every year from December 1 to 10, showcases the culture, heritage, food and customs of __________tribes; and the main events take place below the spurs of Mount Japfu in the Kisama village. -- Naga
 The Union Ministry of Shipping is being renamed as the  -- Ministry of Ports, Shipping and Waterways
 To develop technological solutions for the two countries, Atal Innovation Mission (AIM) of India and Sirius Centre of which country have launched ‘AIM-Sirius Innovation Programme’ for school children? -- Russia
 Name the eco-sustainable programme launched by Kerala Govt. to improve the livelihood skills of youngsters along the coastline and also enable socio-economic uplift of the fishermen community? -- Parivarthanam
 Who has been appointed as the President of Hockey India? -- Gyanendro Ningombam
 Which country will assume the Presidency of G-20 in December 2021 followed by India in 2022? -- Italy
 Scientists have measured the shortest unit of time ever — the time it takes a light particle to cross a hydrogen molecule. That time, for the record, is 247 zeptoseconds. A zeptosecond is  -- 10 to the -20 second
 Who has been appointed Chairperson of the Commission for Air Quality Management in National Capital Region and Adjoining Areas (CAQM)? -- Dr M. M. Kutty
 Facebook-owned messaging platform “WhatsApp” has been allowed to roll out its payments service in India in a “graded” manner by- -- National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI)
 The ___________ iceberg, which broke off from Antarctica's Larsen C Ice Shelf in July 2017, is currently moving towards the British Overseas Territory of South Georgia and could be detrimental to Southern Elephant Seals and King Penguins in this region. -- "A68a"
 To better understand stars and stellar evolution, the Space Telescope Science Institute (STScI) in Baltimore, Maryland, has launched an ambitious new initiative with NASA’s Hubble Space Telescope, called  -- ULLYSES (UV Legacy Library of Young Stars as Essential Standards)
 To preserve the arts, crafts and traditions of the tribal communities, the Tribal Cooperative Marketing Development Federation of India (TRIFED), an arm of Tribal Ministry has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with  -- JD Center of Arts (JDCA)
 Which airfield in Assam was constructed by the British during World War II to supply arms, manpower and ammunition to the Allied forces that will soon begin commercial operation under the Government's Regional Connectivity Scheme? -- Rupsi Airport
 With the theme “Strengthening disaster risk governance”, the United Nations(UN)’s World Tsunami Awareness Day 2020 was observed on -- 5th November
 Name the initiative started by Bongaigaon District Administration of Assam to improve health of malnourished children? -- Mission Sampoorna
 Army Chief General MM Naravane has been conferred the honorary rank of ____________by President of Nepal Bidya Devi Bhandari in Kathmandu. -- General of the Nepali Army
 The ‘Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training (CARAT) Bangladesh 2020’ was a naval exercise held recently between Bangladesh and  -- USA
 Name the Pakistani umpire who surpassed Rudi Koertzen's record of most ODIs as an umpire? -- Aleem Dar
 From November 3 to 5, 2020, the armed forces conducted a joint tri-service exercise __________ at the Teressa Island in the Nicobar group of islands located close to the strategic Strait of Malacca. -- ‘Bull Strike’
 Who was awarded with the J. C. Daniel Award, for the year 2020 - Kerala's highest award in Malayalam cinema presented annually by the Kerala State Chalachitra Academy, a non-profit institution under the Department of Cultural Affairs of the Government of Kerala? -- Hariharan (Veteran Movie Director)
 Research on mice which were sent to the International Space Station (ISS) have helped scientists identify a protein called ______________that appears to have a major role in the ageing process, suggests a joint study by the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency (JAXA) and Tohoku University.  -- nuclear factor erythroid 2-related factor 2, or Nrf2
 Who was the first president of India’s first national trade union - All India Trade Union Congress (AITUC) - that completed 100 years of establishment on 31st October 2020? -- Lala Lajpat Rai
 To combat chronic anaemia and undernutrition, the government is planning to distribute fortified rice through the Integrated Child Development Services and Mid-Day Meal schemes across the country from next year, with a special focus on 112 aspirational districts; where rice will be infused with iron, folic acid and ______________. -- vitamin B-12
 Which Article of the Indian Constitution talks about the Pardoning Power of the Governor? -- Article 161
 The Union Housing Ministry has launched_____________ to make cities children friendly by reimagining parks, gardens, outdoor play spaces, making streets safe and walkable and improving access to early childhood services, along with reducing air and noise pollution. -- 'Nurturing Neighbourhoods Challenge'
 Who is the chairman of the committee constituted by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting to review guidelines on Television Rating agencies in India? -- Shashi Shekhar Vempati (CEO, Prasar Bharti)
 It is a constellation of 12 satellites to monitor space from space, and deliver timely and precise intelligence on space traffic, collision avoidance and navigation services to the international community of satellite operators planned by a a Canadian startup NorthStar Earth & Space  -- Skylark
 Name the first-ever E-resource centre of India that has been inaugurated at Judicial Officers Training Institute in Maharashtra’s Nagpur to facilitate e-filling of cases in Supreme Court, any High court and district courts across the country? -- ‘Nyay Kaushal’
 Union Cabinet has approved Rs.1, 810 crore investment for 210 megawatt Luhri Stage-I hydropower project in Himachal Pradesh on river__________. -- Satluj
 Name the veteran violinist, who was awarded Padama Shri & Padma Bhushan, who passed away recently? -- Tripunithura Narayanaiyer Krishnan
 Name the 6th and the shortest- served CM of Bihar for 5 days (28 January to February 1, 1968) who passed away recently?  -- Satish Prasad Singh
 In which state India’s first solar energy-driven miniature train was recently inaugurated at the Veli Tourist Village? -- Kerala
 Sampatrao Pawar, a villager from Sangli, Maharashtra will be awarded by the Union Ministry of Water Resources for his contribution to the revitalization of the _________river, a tributary of Krishna River under the Jalyukt Shivar Abhiyan.  -- Agrani
 Labour Party MP ________________ became the first person of Indian origin to be appointed as a minister in New Zealand.  -- Priyanca Radhakrishnan
 Which organisation has released a Draft Model Act, Rules and Regulation on Conclusive Land Titling, to minimise litigation and ease the land acquisition process for infrastructure projects? -- NITI Aayog
 The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) has announced_______ as the Title Sponsor of the 2020 edition of the Women's T20 Challenge to be held in Sharjah from November 4 to 9.  -- Jio
 Indian boxers Amit Panghal, Sanjeet and Ashish Kumar have won gold medals at the recently concluded Alexis Valentine International Boxing Tournament held in  -- Nantes, France
 Name the noted Malayalam writer, who has been selected for this year’s Ezhuthachan Puraskaram, the Kerala government’s highest literary honour? -- Paul Zacharia
 Transport Corporation of which state is going to launch India’s first ‘Tyre Park’, where artworks made from scrap and defective parts will be on display? -- West Bengal
 Name the asteroid which orbits between Mars and Jupiter and is made up of almost entirely of iron, nickel and several other rare materials like gold, platinum, cobalt, iridium and rhenium according to NASA and its estimated worth is $10,000 quadrillion — more than the entire economy of Earth? -- 16 Psyche
 The year 2020 marks 100 years of discovery of which civilisation? -- Indus Valley Civilisation
 Recently, a study by Indian and Canadian Archaeologists on residue in shards of pottery found at the archaeological site of ____________, in Gujarat has got evidence that dairy products were being produced by the Harappans as far back as 2500 BCE.  -- Kotada Bhadli
 As per the extant law, bonus dues are barred only in case of employees dismissed for fraud, violent conduct and theft or sabotage but now, another ground - _________________________ will be added for denying bonus payouts to employees in the new Code that is yet to be operational (notified). -- ‘conviction for sexual harassment’
 Under which project of NITI Aayog, the government of Odisha has identified around 8,000 schools in 15 districts which will be merged with other schools due to low enrollment (less than 20 students)? -- Sustainable Action for Transforming Human Capital in Education (SATH-E)
 Every year, the National Unity Day (Rashtriya Ekta Diwas) is celebrated on 31st October to commemorate the birth anniversary of __________________. -- Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel
 Ministry of AYUSH and M/s Invest India will form a collaboration to set up a strategic policy unit called ______________ to facilitate planned and systematic growth of the Ayush Sector.  -- “Strategic Policy & Facilitation Bureau (SPFB)”
 Which city is organizing Plastic Premier League (PPL) tournament to collect single-use plastics in a 45-day competition to free the city from single-use plastic? -- Indore
 Which technology company has collaborated with the National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) to impart digital skills to more than one lakh underserved women in India over the next 10 months? -- Microsoft
 The Science and Engineering Research Board (SERB), a statutory body of the Department of Science and Technology (DST), has launched a Scheme titled___________, designed exclusively for women scientists to mitigate gender disparity in science and engineering research funding in various S&T programs in Indian academic institutions and R&D laboratories. -- “SERB-POWER (Promoting Opportunities for Women in Exploratory Research)”
 What is the title of the world’s first scientoon book written by ‘scientoonist’ Dr Pradeep Srivastava, former Senior Principal Scientist at CSIR-Central Drug Research Institute (CDRI), Lucknow? -- “Bye Bye Corona”
 Name the Indian Army developed messaging application that supports end to end secure voice, text and video calling services for Android platform over internet?  --  “Secure Application for Internet (SAI)”
 The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs has approved that _____% of the foodgrains and ______% of the sugar shall be mandatorily packed in diversified jute bags. -- 100, 20
 Name the country to which India has recently conveyed its serious concerns towards an incorrect depiction of India’s external territorial boundaries, in the bank note of the country that has been released to commemorate its presidency of organizing the G-20 on November 21-22. -- Saudi Arabia
 Which country has recently entered into a strategic partnership to develop India’s fledgling international financial services centre GIFT City, and agreed to set up a new Fund of Funds to be managed by the State Bank of India group in order to route its future capital investments into India? -- The United Kingdom
 Cochin Shipyard Limited and M/s. Fincantieri, of ________, one of the world’s largest shipbuilding groups, signed a Memorandum of Understanding for co-operation in the areas of Design, Ship Building, Ship Repair, Marine Equipment Manufacturing, besides Training & Skill Development. -- Italy
 Which state government has launched “Sumangal” portal to provide Rs 2.5 lakh incentive for inter-caste marriages? -- Odisha
 In a first-of-its-kind initiative in India, which state government has announced the base price for 16 agricultural items, including vegetables, fruits, and tubers? -- Kerala
 CSIR-CDRI Scientist, ____________was awarded "Dr Tulsi Das Chugh Award-2020" given by National Academy of Medical Sciences (India) in recognition of his research work on Malaria parasite's life cycle. -- Dr Satish Mishra
 Atal Innovation Mission (AIM - an initiative set up by NITI Aayog), in association with Australia’s Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO), will organise a two-day hackathon on circular economy in December 2020 that will focus on identification and development of innovative technology solutions by students, startups and MSMEs of both nations, called -- ‘India-Australia Circular Economy Hackathon (I-ACE)’
 An Indian-origin priest from Bihar - Wavel Ramkalawan - has been elected as the President of _________.  -- Seychelles
 In which state, India’s first sand dune parks are set to be developed for which the World Bank has sanctioned around Rs. 3 crore? -- Goa
 Name the Indian Public Sector Undertaking that has featured on the top on the list of Indian PSUs under the 'World's Best Employer 2020', published by Forbes? -- National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC)
 NASA’s Stratospheric Observatory for Infrared Astronomy (SOFIA) has confirmed, for the first time, water on the sunlit surface of the Moon in ___________ Crater, one of the largest craters visible from Earth, located in the Moon’s southern hemisphere.  -- Clavius
 The Union Ministry of Tribal Affairs has launched two Centers of Excellence (CoE) - Aurangabad (Maharashtra) for training about 10000 tribal farmers in the field of sustainable natural farming based on Go-Adharith farming techniques, and Jharkhand - in the field of ‘Strengthening PRIs’ in 5 districts of the state covering 30 Gram Panchayats and 150 villages - for Tribal Welfare in collaboration with  -- Art of Living (AoL)
 Every year, October 27 is celebrated as __________ by the Indian Army in Jammu & Kashmir (known by the nickname, Chinar Corps) to honour the supreme sacrifice of the gallant soldiers in fighting the Pakistani invaders, in Jammu and Kashmir, in 1947. -- Infantry Day
 The Government of India has sets up a 70 member committee to commemorate 400th anniversary of Guru Tegh Bahadur that will be headed by -- Prime Minister (Narendra Modi)
 Union Shipping Ministry inaugurated the system of “Direct Port Entry” facility at which port of Tamil Nadu that will reduce logistics cost and increase the velocity of the cargo, and also help in increasing Ease of Doing Business for the exporters? -- VO Chidambaranar
 Name the bridge connecting Sabrum in India with Ramgarh in Bangladesh that will be completed by December this year and will ease the transportation of goods from Chattogram and Kolkata ports? -- Feni Bridge
 A six year old Bangladeshi boy ______________won a special prize of USD 1000 for his artwork in the global art competition organised by the Indian Council of Cultural Relations (ICCR).  -- Anzar Mustaeen Ali
 Name the molecule that has been identified by NASA scientists in Saturn’s moon Titan’s atmosphere and has never been detected in any other atmosphere? -- Cyclopropenylidene, or C3H2
 Which two districts of Chhattisgarh have bagged the National Water Award by the Central government for the revival of water bodies and water conservation that were under ‘Narwa programme’, which ensured the availability of drinking water, development of irrigation resources, and recharge of groundwater? -- Bilaspur and Surajpur
 After three key agreements — General Security of Military Information Agreement (GSOMIA) in 2002, the Logistics Exchange Memorandum of Agreement (LEMOA) in 2016 and Communications Compatibility and Security Agreement (COMCASA) in 2018, recently India and the USA have signed another agreement related to geo-spatial cooperation called  -- Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement (BECA)
 Unlike the National Investigation Agency (NIA), which is governed by its own NIA Act, 2008 and has jurisdiction across the country, the CBI is governed by the____________ that makes consent of a state government mandatory for conducting investigation in that state. -- Delhi Special Police Establishment Act, 1946 (DSPE Act, 1946)
 With over 2.3km long ropeway from the bottom of Mount Girnar up to ___________located on the top of the mountainin Gujarat it is the longest ropeway project in India. -- Ambaji Temple
 A report “Human Mobility, Shared Opportunities: A Review of the 2009 Human Development Report and the Way Ahead” was released by the  -- United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
 International Snow Leopard Day is annually celebrated across the globe on  -- 23rd October
 Who will head the NITI Aayog constituted 14-member advisory committee to evaluate the reforms in the urban planning education system? -- Rajiv Kumar, Vice Chairman (VC) of NITI Aayog
 In India, the ratio of female-to-male labour force participation rate was 29.80 in 2019 as against the desired ratio of 50% according to a report titled “The World’s Women 2020: Trends and Statistics” released by the -- United Nations (UN)
 Defence Ministers of 30 NATO (North Atlantic Treaty Organization) Member States are planning to set up a New Space Center in the NATO Air Force High Command Base in  -- Ramstein, Germany
 Which are the only two countries as of this year on the FATF's black list? -- North Korea and Iran
 The Financial Action Task Force (FATF) decided to keep Pakistan on the _______list until the next review of its compliance with the recommendations made in February 2021. -- Grey
 Name the State/UT that topped for successful implementation of Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY) for the year 2020-21 in which Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand came second and third respectively? -- Jammu & Kashmir
 Which district has topped among 30 districtsin the country for successful implementation of Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojna (PMGSY) for the year 2020-21 according to the Union Ministry of Rural Development? -- Mandi, Himachal Pradesh
 ________________has set up a 9-member panel under P Umesh, Consultant-Liability Insurance, to explore the possibility of a basic standard cyber liability insurance product for individuals and establishments that can manage their cyber risks. -- Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI)
 The draft of a new Spacecom Policy 2020 to govern the commercial use of orbital slots, satellites, and ground stations for communication needs by private players has been released by _______________.  -- Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO)
 Singapore’s Changi Airport secured first place as the Safest Aerodrome Globally for effective implementation of Coronavirus-related health and safety protocols – an initiative by Safe Travel Barometer; name the Indian airport that came second? -- Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport, Delhi
 Name the Indian Air Force’s 1st woman officer, who passed away recently? -- Wing Commander (retd) Dr Vijaylakshmi Ramanan
 According to the State of Global Air 2020, published by the U.S.-based Health Effects Institute, __________ is the largest risk factor for death among all health risks in India. -- Air Pollution
 The Ministry of Shipping has amended the ________________licensing conditions to boost shipbuilding in India. -- Right of First Refusal
 Name the two members of the committee constituted by the Election Commission of India (ECI) to examine the issues concerning the expenditure limit for a candidate? -- Harish Kumarand Umesh Sinha
 Several hundred miniature paintings from the National Museum, New Delhi can be viewed online on Google Arts & Culture by people around the world in a new project titled______________ that uses technologies like machine learning, augmented reality and digitization with high-definition robotic cameras. -- “Life in Miniature”
 The Sri Lanka’s Parliament has passed the 20th Amendment to its Constitution that gives more power to  -- President
 US Senators asked India to join the _______________ a U.S.-led collaboration with Australia and Japan that supports private-sector led infrastructure financing opportunities in response to China’s Belt and Road Initiative (BRI).  -- Blue Dot Network
 According to the third edition of “The Future of Jobs Report 2020” released by the_______________, COVID-19 and Technological Advances will disrupt around 85 Million Jobs by 2025.  -- World Economic Forum (WEF)
 It is a microstate situated between France and Spain—joined the IMF as its 190th Member -- Principality of Andorra
 Name the fourth and last of Kamorta-class anti-submarine warfare corvettes of Indian Navy built under ‘Project 28’ which was commissioned recently after INS Kamorta, INS Kadmatt and INS Kiltan- built by the Garden Reach Shipbuilders and Engineers, Kolkata? -- INS Kavaratti
 Recently, the final user trial of 3rd generation Anti-Tank Guided Missile (ATGM) _________ was carried out successfully from Pokhran range in Thar Desert (Rajasthan). -- NAG
 To reflect the changing consumption pattern, giving more weightage to spending on health, education, recreation and other miscellaneous expenses, while reducing the weight of food and beverages; the Labour and Employment Ministry has revised the base year of the Consumer Price Index for Industrial Workers (CPI-IW) from 2001 to – -- 2016
 The Ministry of Union Housing and Urban Affairs has launched the _____________ which will integrate legacy drawings such as maps and lease plans in the management information system and will allow the data to become geographic information system (GIS)-enabled. -- ‘e-Dharti Geo Portal’
 Peru’s famous _________________, a UNESCO World Heritage Site known for its depictions of larger-than-life animals, plants and imaginary beings called geoglyphs was in news recently after the discovery of a massive carving of a resting cat on the slope of a steep hill. -- Nazca Lines
 Govt. of India has now extended the Employees' State Insurance (ESI) Scheme for the first time to Arunachal Pradesh, with effect from 1st November, 2020- that will be started in the district of -- Papum Pare
 Which state has topped the Anemia Mukt Bharat (AMB) Index among 29 states in the country - an initiative of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and UNICEF?  -- Haryana
 Recently, NASA’s ___________ spacecraft briefly touched down on the surface of asteroid Bennu to collect rock and dust samples. -- OSIRIS-Rex
 Which scheme has been launched by the Government of Gujarat to provide day-time power supply (5 am to 9 pm) for irrigation? -- ‘Kisan Suryodaya Yojana’
 Researchers at the Netherlands Cancer Institute have discovered a new set of salivary glands, about 3.81 cm in length, behind the nose called – -- Tubarial Salivary Glands
 Food regulator FSSAI’s - Food Safety Compliance System (FoSCoS) will become operational in the entire country from November 1; it will replace  -- FLRS (Food Licensing and Registration System)
 ____________ has launched Frontier Technologies Cloud Innovation Center (CIC) with Amazon Web Services (AWS) to solve social challenges. -- NITI Aayog
 A detailed framework for planning for intermediate / block and district Panchayats has been prepared by a committee constituted by the Ministry of Panchayati Raj, Government of India, headed by  -- Dr.Bala Prasad
 Observations made by a small spacecraft of NASA called ____________have shown that the Milky Way galaxy is surrounded by a clumpy halo of hot gases that is continually being supplied with material ejected by birthing or dying stars. -- HaloSat
 Name the states which attracted the highest number of domestic and foreign tourists in year 2019 respectively according to ‘Tourist Statistics,2020’ released by the Ministry of Tourism? -- Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu
 Name the DRDO developed missile for IAF, which was recently test-fired successfully having both Lock-on After Launch and Lock-on Before Launch capabilities? -- Stand-off Anti-tank (SANT) missile
 Who will head SEBI constituted Market Data Advisory Committee (MDAC) – a Standing Committee - to recommend appropriate policy for access to securities market data, identify segment wise data perimeters, data needs and gaps, recommend data privacy and data access regulations applicable to market data? -- MadhabiPuriBuch
 What is the rank of India in OECD International Migration Outlook 2020? -- 2nd
 The maximum expenditure a candidate can incur for campaigning in Lok Sabha polls is Rs. ________and Rs _________ for Assembly elections. -- 77 lakh, 30.8 lakh
 The World Statistics Day is observed every five years on 20 October.India marks June 29 as National Statistics Day every year to honour the Father of Indian statistics  -- Prof.Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis
 Who won in Men’s and Women’s Singles title respectively in the Denmark Open 2020 Badminton tournament?  -- Anders Antonsen , NozomiOkuhara
 India has been ranked at ____________, in the Asia Power Index 2020, released by the Sydney-based Lowy Institute out of 26 countries and territories to assess the relative power of states in Asia. -- 4th Position
 It is an annual Naval exercise which began in 1992 as a bilateral exercise between India and the U.S; Japan joined in 2015; and now Australia to join this  -- Exercise Malabar
 Name the payments gateway developed by the IIT-Madras incubated dairy-tech startup - “Stellapps” for dairies and dairy farmers where the dairy officials can transfer milk payments digitally to member farmers? -- mooPay
 NASA, the US-based space agency, has teamed up with Nokia's research arm, ____________ to bring 4G LTE connectivity on the moon.  -- Bell Labs
 Name the fund that has been launched by the National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC) for creation of healthcare infrastructure by cooperatives? -- AyushmanSahakar Fund
 With the theme “Acting together to achieve social and environmental justice for all”, the International day for Eradication of Poverty 2020 was celebrated on -- 17th October
 Name the four Arab countries in the Middle East to recognise Israel? -- UAE, Egypt and Jordan, Bahrain
 India’s first multi-modal logistic park thatwill provide direct connectivity to air, road, rail and waterways to the people will be developed at Jogighopa in Assam, under the ambitious _____________ Pariyojana of the Government of India. -- Bharatmala
 Name the first Indian woman to win ‘Wildlife Photographer of the Year 2020’ for her photo titled 'Lights of Passion' - that is organised by National History Musem, London? -- Aishwarya Sridhar
 Who has been elected as the Prime Minister of New Zealandfor the second consecutive three-year term? -- JacindaArdern
 Padma Bhushan P.S. Narayanaswamy,renowned Vocalist & Guru has passed away;he was associated with which type of music? -- Carnatic Music
 The National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC) has come up with a scheme,_____________ , to involve co-operatives in creating healthcare infrastructure. -- AyushmanSahakar
 What are the four indicators on which the Global Hunger Index scores are calculated to assess progress and setbacks in combating hunger? -- Undernourishment, Child Wasting, Child Stunting and Child Mortality
 Who has been elected as the chairman of Indian Banks’ Association (IBA) for the term 2020-21? -- Rajkiran Rai G
 India ranks ____________among 107 countries in the Global Hunger Index 2020 released by the Concern Worldwide and Welthungerhilfe. -- 94
 The eighth edition of annual Indian Navy (IN) – Sri Lanka Navy (SLN) bilateral maritime exercise ______________is scheduled off Trincomalee, Sri Lanka from 19 to 21 October 2020. -- SLINEX-20
 ______________has become Uttarakhand’s first Ramsar site, which was declared recently taking the tally of such sites to 38 in India? -- Asan Conservation Reserve
 On the occasion of the International Day for Disaster Risk Reduction i.e. on October 13, 2020, the “State of Climate Services 2020 Report: Move from Early Warnings to Early Action” was released by  -- United Nations World Meteorological Organization (UN-WMO)
 It is a tectonic fault line that runs through Ladakh, was earlier thought to be inactive but a recent survey conducted by the Wadia Institute of Himalayan Geology, Dehradun found it to be active and moving northwards – -- Indus Suture Zone
 Name the former judge of the apex court, who has been appointed by the Supreme Court of India as a one-man monitoring committee to prevent stubble burning in the states of Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh?  -- Justice Madan B Lokur
 Air pollution, hypertension, tobacco use, poor diet and high blood sugar levels were the top-five riskfactors for death in India in 2019 according to a new study - Global Burden of Disease (GBD) Study, published in the  -- Lancet journal
 The Prime Minister of India releaseda commemorative coin of Rs 75 denomination to mark 75th Anniversary of  -- Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO)
 The Govt. of India aims at making India Trans Fat free by_______, a year ahead of target set by World Health Organization. -- 2022
 Name the noted singer known as the “Nightingale of Gujarat”, who passed away recently? -- KaumudiMunshi
 Name the first Indian to win Oscar award (Best Costume Design Oscar for her work in the 1982 film Gandhi, directed by Richard Attenborough) who passed away? -- BhanuAthaiya
 India will soon lease a kilo-class submarine _____________ to the Myanmar Navy that will be its first submarine. -- INS Sindhuvir
 India has been designated the ‘Vice-Chair’ of Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) Working Group, a quality system, which has been evolved by  -- Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD)
 National Women Farmer’s Day or Rashtriya Mahila Kisan Diwas is celebrated to empower women in the field of agriculture every year on -- 15th October
 Name the campaign launched by the Union Ministry of Education on 'National Innovation Day' (15th October), under which students pursuing education in higher educational institutions will get information about the correct system of application process for patenting their invention and they will be aware of their rights? -- 'KAPILA': Kalam Program for IP Literacy and Awareness Education
 Which country hosted the ‘Y20 Youth Summit’ - a youth-led event bringing young leaders from across G20 countries to discuss and debate the G20 Leaders’ agenda? -- Saudi Arabia
 Jnanpith awardee (2019), noted poet and essayist of ___________ language Akkitham Achuthan Namboothiri has passed away recently. -- Malayalam
 The World Economic Forum (WEF) will hold its Annual Meeting 2021 in _______________, as against the traditional venue of the ski resort town, Davos. -- Lucerne-Burgenstock, Switzerland
 Name the first cricketer to lead New Zealand to a Test victory who passed away recently? -- John R Reid
 Which state Government has launched 'Sujal- Drink from Tap Mission’ to provide quality drinking water, fit for direct consumption, in urban areas? -- Odisha
 Renowned Dancer and Padma Shri awardee Shobha Naidu, who also won among others Sangeet Natak Akademi Award(1991), has passed away recently; she was associated with which dance form? -- Kuchipudi
 Which State Government has signed an agreement with Indian Rugby Football Union (IRFU) to sponsor the Indian National Rugby Teams for a period of 3 years (till 2023)? -- Odisha
 It is an experimental satellite, has been deemed world's smallest and lightest satellite, made with reinforced graphene polymer is 3 cm in size and weighs 64 gm and made by three students from Tamil Nadu and will be launched by the National Aeronautics and Space Agency into the sub orbit -- ‘India Sat’
 Name one among the largest IT and business consulting services firms with which Atal Innovation Mission (AIM), NITI Aayog, has signed a Statement of Intent (SOI) to further rev up the innovation across the schools? -- CGI India
 The government has constituted a panel of secretaries under cabinet secretary ___________to streamline the spectrum allocation process and examine the possibility of drawing up an annual calendar for auction of airwaves that will give telcos a clear road map of the quantum as well as the frequency of spectrum on offer for commercial use. -- Rajiv Gauba
 RBI has recently decided to adopt a web based application called _____________________ for managing India’s foreign exchange and gold reserves in order to improve its functioning. -- Next Generation Treasury Application (NGTA)
 Name the Joint Anti-Terrorist Exercise carried out between Army and Maharashtra Police? -- ‘Suraksha Kavach’
 Name the military alliance formed by 6 member countries- Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia and Tajikistan? -- Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO)
 Name the Russia-led military alliance to which Armenia is a member and in a wider conflict with ongoing conflict with Azerbaizan over Nagorno-Karabakh, it could trigger Article 4 of the treaty and ask for Russian help and if Moscow responds favourably, that would pit Russia against Turkey, a NATO member. -- Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO)
 Recently, International Debt Statistics 2021 report is released by -- World Bank Group
 “The Human Cost of Disasters 2000-2019” Report brought out recently by ______________ points out ‘Climate Change’ largely responsible for near doubling natural disasters in the past 20 years. -- UN Office for Disaster Risk Reduction
 Name the Indian autonomous scientific society, operating under the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology that has signed a total of 13 MoUs with the premier academic and R&D institutions of India for establishing Super computing Infrastructure with Assembly and Manufacturing in India and Critical Components of National Super computing Mission? -- Centre for Development of Advanced Computing(C-DAC)
 President Ram Nath Kovind has given his assent to the amended Disturbed Areas Act passed by which state’s Legislative Assembly last year to stop polarisation and keep a check on attempts to cause any “demographic imbalance”? -- Gujarat
 Which state has become the first state in the country to have high-tech classrooms or high-tech labs in all government-run and aided schools? -- Kerala
 World Mental Health Day is observed every year on  -- 10th October
 To recreate the historic voyage of Norwegian polar researcher Fridtjof Nansen, who undertook the first ice drift through the Arctic Ocean more than 125 years ago, a German Research Vessel Polarstern has recently completed a remarkable expedition to the Arctic Ocean under the project –  -- Multidisciplinary drifting Observatory for the Study of Arctic Climate (MOSAiC)
 It is an innovative system of growing plants without any soil to support their root systems but is slightly different than hydroponics - is the combination of growing plants hydroponically and the practice of aquaculture (raising fish) -- Aquaponics
 A citizen poll by National Butterfly Campaign Consortium mandated by Union Ministry of Environment, Forests and Climate Change to identify the national butterfly concluded with three species garnering the highest number of votes, they are -- Krishna Peacock (Papiliokrishna), Indian Jezebel (Delias eucharis), and Orange Oakleaf (Kallimainachus)
 India has highest number of stillbirths according to a UN report titled “A neglected tragedy: The global burden of stillbirths 2020”. According to WHO, stillbirth is a baby born with no signs of life at or after __________weeks’ gestation. -- 28
 Which State Govt. has launched the MukhyaMantri Saur SwarojgarYojana to promote self-employment of the youth and promoting the production of Green Energy? -- Uttarakhand
 Government of which state, through its nodal investment promotion and facilitation agency Guidance, has partnered with World Economic Forum (WEF) to establish India’s first advanced manufacturing hub (AMHUB), that will aid in production by identifying and addressing regional opportunities brought by the Fourth Industrial Revolution (4IR)?  -- Tamil Nadu
 According to a study by the Zoological Survey of India, rising average temperatures in the Himalayan region have driven several dozen species of ___________to habitats higher up the mountains. -- Butterfly and Moth
 To clear the backlog for compensatory afforestation over the next two years, due to shortage of land, the Forest Department of which state is mulling a plantation drive in Uttar Pradesh’s Bundelkhand region and parts of Rajasthan? -- Uttarakhand
 Name the F1 driver who won the Eifel Formula One Grand Prix (his 91st win) to equal Michael Schumacher’s F1 record? -- Lewis Hamilton
 The Department of Atomic Energy (DAE) recently cautioned general public against claims of fortune through Anti-Radiation Pack & other fraudulent materials. Possession of radioactive material without permission from Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) is illegal and punishable offence under  -- Atomic Energy Act, 1962
 Name the Second Woman Chief Justice of Kerala who passed away recently? -- KK Usha
 At least 364 new species of animals and 253 new species of plants were discovered from India in 2019 which was published in the form of two books - Animal Discoveries 2019 and Plant Discoveries 2019 by the Zoological Survey of India (ZSI) and Botanical Survey India respectively, both of which have their headquarters in  -- Kolkata
 In 2011, UN declared October 11 as the International Day of the Girl Child to recognise girls’ rights and the unique challenges girls face, and this year’s theme of the observation is  -- ‘My Voice, Our Equal Future’
 AbortelphusaNamdaphaensis is a new fresh water crab species named after Namdapha, the largest protected area in the Eastern Himalayan Biodiversity Hotspot, and also to ____________, another rich biodiversity hotspot in Arunachal Pradesh. -- Abor Hills
 Indian-origin Srikant Datar has been named as Dean of______________, succeeding Nitin Nohria and becoming the second consecutive dean hailing from India. -- Harvard Business School
 On the occasion of its 88th anniversary, the Indian Air Force (IAF) achieved a new record of the highest skydive landing at __________at an altitude of 17,982 feet, breaking its own earlier record. -- Khardungla Pass, Leh
 Which company in India is the first to manufacture Calcium Nitrate and Boronated Calcium Nitrate- fertilizers that were solely imported by India? -- Gujarat State Fertilizers and Chemicals India Ltd (GSFC)
 Which Indian state has become first to provide 100 percent tap water connections in rural areas? -- Goa
 India’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) can contract by 9.6% in 2020-21 according to South Asia Economic Focus report - released recently by the  -- World Bank
 To help artists, the government of which state has decided to make a database of artists through crowdsourcing across the state? -- Rajasthan
 The Tourism Department of Karnataka is planning to give a facelift by illuminating world famous Jog falls also called Gersoppa Falls that is on river - -- Sharavati River
 The European Parliament has voted in favour of a legally binding target for the European Union to cut its greenhouse gas emissions by _____________ by 2030, against 1990 levels. -- 60%
 Name the former Governor of Manipur and Nagaland, and ex-CBI Director, who passed away recently? -- Ashwani Kumar
 Who has been appointed as Managing Director (MD) & Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of India Post Payments Bank (IPPB)? -- J Venkatramu
 Who has been appointed as the new Chairman of State Bank of India? -- Dinesh Kumar Khara
 The Indian Coast Guard has launched an offshore patrol vessel ‘Vigraha’ (also known as Yard-45007) at a private shipyard in Kattupalli, Chennai - is the one among the series of seven vessels that were designed and built for the Coast Guard by  -- Larsen and Toubro Shipbuilding
 What was the theme of this year’s (the 66th) Wildlife Week celebrated from 2nd October to 8th October? -- RoaR (Roar and Revive) - Exploring Human-Animal Relationships
 Gujarat will get two organic spices seed parks in Banaskantha and Patan districts for the promotion of organic seed value chain of _________and___________, respectively supported by the National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD). -- Fennel, Cumin
 With which technology company of the USA, C-DAC will commission India’s fastest HPC-AI Supercomputer ‘PARAM Siddhi – AI’? -- NVIDIA
 India’s first five animal overpasses on the under construction Delhi-Mumbai Expressway will come up on the lines ‘Ecoduct’ in ____________for safe passage of wildlife to ensure there are no disturbances to the Ranthambore Wildlife Corridor connecting Ranthambhore and Mukundra (Darrah) wildlife sanctuaries in Rajasthan. -- Netherlands
 As a part of PM SVANidhi Scheme, Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs (MoHUA) has entered into a MoU with _________, to onboard street food vendors on its ecommerce platform, giving them online access to thousands of customers. -- Swiggy
 To broadcast and promote new agriculture technology and innovations, PrasarBharati has signed an MoU with – -- Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative Limited (IFFCO)
 Which Tiger Reserve holds the distinction of housing the highest number of clouded leopards, the state animal of Meghalaya, in Southeast Asia? -- Dampa Tiger Reserve, Mizoram
 India announced a grant of USD 2 million for the construction of the border haat bridge at Byanyu/Sarsichauk in Chin State that will provide increased economic connectivity between Myanmar and which state of India? -- Mizoram
 Shrimadh Bhagvad Gita Rahasya, popularly also known as Gita Rahasya or Karmayog Shashtra, is a 1915 Marathi language book authored by Indian social reformer and independence activist Bal Gangadhar Tilak while he was in prison at  -- Mandalay, Burma
 India and Myanmar have agreed to work towards the operationalization of which port in the Rakhine state in the first quarter of 2021? -- Sittwe
 Under which country’s chairmanship the 12th BRICS Summit will be held on 17th November 2020 via video conference with theme “BRICS Partnership for Global Stability, Shared Security and Innovative Growth”? -- Russia
 Translational Health Science and Technology Institute (THSTI), Faridabad is one of the six laboratories across world for assessing Covid-19 vaccine candidates that are under development under the global initiative called -- Coalition of Epidemic Preparedness for Innovation (CEPI)
 On 5th October 2020, World Habitat Day was observed with the theme: “Housing for All-A better Urban Future”; it compliments which goal of SDG? -- Goal 11: Sustainable Cities and Communities
 French territory of New Caledonia voted against independence from France in a referendum that was a part of a decolonisation plan agreed in 1998 known as -- Noumea Accord
 In 2020, the theme for World Space Week is "Satellites Improve Life"; what is the theme for 2021? -- "Women in Space"
 Recently, India and Myanmar discussed the plan to install a bust of which noted freedom fighter in Mandalay, to commemorate his 100th death anniversary? -- LokmanyaTilak
 ‘Protect & conserve model’ displaced 13,450 families from 26 protected areas in 2 decades according to a study carried out by Pune-based non-profit Kalpavrikah, in collaboration with _______________, a networking and advocacy resource focused on conflicts related to accessing natural resources. -- Environment Justice Atlas
 The Chief Minister of which state/UT will be among the five urban leaders from around the world to speak at the Daring Cities 2020 - a global forum on climate change for urban leaders? -- Delhi
 Name the events stretch from Oct. 4 – the anniversary of first satellite Sputnik's launch in 1957 – to Oct. 10, the anniversary of the signing of the Outer Space Treaty in 1967 that underlies space law? -- World Space Week
 For discovering which virus Harvey J. Alter, Charles M. Rice & Michael Houghton won 2020 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine? -- Hepatitis C virus
 The red cherry pepper chilli of which state locally known as the “DalleKhursani” has earned the geographical indication (GI) tag from the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade? -- Sikkim
 Name the European Space Agency’s mission that found one of the hottest, most extreme extra-solar planets ever called WASP-189 b or ‘ultra-hot Jupiter’? -- CHEOPS (Characterizing Exoplanets Satellite) Mission
 भारतीय डाक विभाग के महाराष्ट्र मंडल ने अक्टूबर को भारत में पोस्टकार्ड के वर्ष पूरे होने के सिलसिले में जारी किया। -- सावंतवाड़ी खिलोनों के चित्र वाला पोस्टकार्ड
 Name the freedom fighter who had set up a revolutionary centre in 'India House' at London and propagated the cause of India's independence through his writings in a publication journal called 'The Indian Sociologist'? -- Shyamji Krishna Varma
 Name the second edition of India-Bangladesh naval exercise that was held in Northern Bay of Bengal? -- Bongosagar
 The United Nations(UN) International Day of Non-Violence is observed annually on  -- October 2
 Which State Govt. has launched ‘Pathashree Abhijan’, a road repair scheme, where more than 7,000 stretches of roads comprising 12,000 kilo meters across the state will be repaired? -- West Bengal
 To catalyze cutting-edge PV manufacturing in India, NITI Aayog, Ministry of New and Renewable Energy, and Invest India, are organizing a virtual global symposium on October 6, 2020, called -- ‘India PV EDGE 2020’
 The K family of missiles are primarily Submarine Launched Ballistic Missiles (SLBMs), which have been indigenously developed by Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) and are named after  -- Dr A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
 The Buddhist Circuit follows the footsteps of Gautam Buddha from _________in Nepal where he was born, through ___________in Bihar where he attained enlightenment, to ­­­­­­­­­­­­________where he gave his first sermon, and ___________where he died. -- Lumbini, Gaya, Sarnath, Kushinagar
 Name the place visited by Gautam Buddha a number of times to deliver sermons to his followers that the Uttar Pradesh Govt. plans to connect with Buddhist Circuit? -- Kaushambi
 Name the Bollywood actor who has been conferred the prestigious SDG Special Humanitarian Action Award by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) for his philanthropic work during Covid 19 pandemic? -- SonuSood
 Who was the President of the 75th session of the UN General Assembly? -- Volkan Bozkır (Turkey)
 Name the Australian women cricketer who surpassed M.S. Dhoni’s record (91 dismissals) to take the top position in the list of wicket keepers with most dismissals in T20i? -- Alyssa Healy
 Who has been appointed as the new President of Film and Television Institute of India (FTII) Society and Chairman of FTII Governing Council which runs the FTII, an autonomous film School under the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting at Pune, Maharashtra? -- Shekhar Kapoor
 Tata Steel and Council of Scientific & Industrial Research (CSIR) signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to work together in the areas of  -- Carbon Capture, Utilisation & Storage (CCUS)
 A sherpa is the personal representative of a head of state or government who prepares an international summit, particularly the annual G7 and G20 summits. Who is India's Sherpa to the G7 and G20? -- Suresh Prabhakar Prabhu
 Sabarmati Central Jail in Ahmedabad has launched __________ on the occasion of the 151st Birth Anniversary of the Father of the Nation that will offer educational, legal and health related details to prisoners within the jail premises. -- ‘Radio Prison’
 Name the Shanghai-based bank of the BRICS countries that has approved loans for Mumbai metro and Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut Regional Rapid Transit System (RRTS) project? -- New Development Bank (NDB)
 Which Zone of Indian Railways has launched “Operation My Saheli” to improve security of women passengers? -- South Eastern Railway
 The Government of India has set up a screening panel to examine all Chinese foreign investment proposals.The panel is headed by the Home Secretary, _________ and Secretary of the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT) as a member.  -- Ajay Kumar Bhalla
 India has ranked_______________ among 181 countries on the World Risk Index (WRI) 2020, a part of the World Risk Report 2020 released by the United Nations University Institute for Environment and Human Security (UNU-EHS), BundnisEntwicklungHilft and the University of Stuttgart in Germany. -- 89th
 Name the Nepalese mountaineer nicknamed the 'Snow Leopard' who scaled the world's highest mountain peak, Mt Everest, 10 times without bottled oxygen, passed away recently? -- Ang Rita Sherpa
 National Highways & Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL) under Ministry of Road, Transport & Highways is working on World’s Longest High-Altitude Tunnel (13.5 Km long) called -- Shinkun La Tunnel
 Which state has launched ‘Mukhyamantrir Grammya Paribahan Achoni’ scheme under which Light Motor Vehicle Service would be launched in all the villages of the state to improve rural connectivity and generate employment in the villages? -- Assam
 In which country the Airports Authority of India commenced work on the Detailed Project Report (DRP) on Hanimaadhoo International Airport expansion project located in of HaaDhaalu Atoll's? -- Maldives
 On the occasion of 100th birth anniversary of Indian rocket scientist Satish Dhawan, Space rocket startup Skyroot Aerospace has unveiled its cryogenic engine named -- Dhawan-1
 In a first, which two women officers have been selected to join as 'Observers' (Airborne Tacticians) in the Indian Navy's helicopter stream that would ultimately pave the way for women being posted in frontline warships? -- Sub Lieutenant (SLt) KumudiniTyagi and SLtRiti Singh
 Ahead of the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP 26) to be held in Glasgow, Scotland in November 2021, the ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­____________ and the United Nations are going to co-organise a global climate summit on December 12 to mark the fifth anniversary of the signing of the Paris Climate Agreement in 2015. -- United Kingdom
 Name the women involved in the famous Chittagong armoury raid and attack on the Pahartali European Club at Chittagong in 1932 led by freedom fighter Surya Sen on whom Bangladesh is going to make a film? -- Pritilata Waddedar
 The Uttar Pradesh government has launched a unified portal called ______________to guide students in learning, career counselling, and getting employment in the state. -- ‘U-Rise’
 Who has been selected as the first Chairperson of National Medical Commission (NMC) that came into force from 25th September 2020? -- Dr S C Sharma
 After RituBeri, who has been appointed as the advisor of the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC)? -- Sunil Sethi
 Name the Padma Shri awardee nuclear scientist, former Chairman of Atomic Energy Commission and former Director of Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC) who passed away recently? -- SekharBasu
 With the coming into effect of the NMC Act from 25th September, 2020which act got repealed under which the Medical Council of India (MCI) was constituted? -- Indian Medical Council (IMC) Act of 1956
 Name the National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s (NASA) next mission to Moon in which it plans to send the next man and first woman to the lunar surface by the year 2024? -- Artemis
 The state road transport corporation of which state would be the nodal agency to run the scheme, named ''Moksha Kalash Yojana-2020'' under which it will allow free bus travel to two members of a family to immerse ashes of their loved ones in the Ganga in Haridwar? -- Rajasthan
 Name the 17-year-old girl from Gujarat’s Surat who has been appointed as Regional Ambassador for India by the United Nations Environment Programme – Tunza Eco-Generation? -- KhushiChindaliya
 Who has been elected president of Bougainville, an autonomous region of Papua New Guinea in the first general election since Bougainville voted overwhelmingly to separate from Papua New Guinea in November 2019? -- Ishmael Toroama
 Indian economy to contract 5.9% in 2020 due to Covid-19 disruptions, according to Trade and Development Report 2020, released by -- UN Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD)
 Name the hackathon planned by Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) under National Agricultural Higher Education Project (NAHEP) to promote potential technology solutions for enhancing farm mechanization with special emphasis on women friendly equipments? -- “KRITAGYA”
 It is the only habitat of world’s largest lizard (IUCN status-Vulnerable), a UNESCO World Heritage site, situated in the Island of Komodo (eastern Indonesia)  -- Komodo National Park
 Which is the largest and heaviest lizard species on Earth, could become extinct in the next few decades due to climate change according to Australian researchers? -- Komodo Dragon
 Recently Scientists have warned that ‘Medicanes’ could become more frequent due to human-induced climate change, which are tropical-like cyclones formed over the  -- Mediterranean Sea
 Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) collaborated with Uttarakhand Tourism Development Board (UTDB) to promote adventure sports activities at which lake in Uttarakhand? -- Tehri Lake
 Name the Men’s Singles and Women’s Singles winners of the clay court tournament - Italian Open also known as Rome Masters 2020? -- Novak Djokovic (Serbia), Simona Halep (Romania)
 The Telecom Regulatory Authority of India has recommended the creation of a multi-stakeholder body (MSB) to ensure that Internet access providers adhere to the provisions of  -- Net Neutrality
 Which PSU under the Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers has been granted Bureau of Indian Standards, BIS certification for all its products? -- Hindustan Organic Chemicals Limited, HOCL
 The Noklak district administration in Nagaland has reported the outbreak of Scrub Typhus a disease caused by ____________called Orientia tsutsugamushi and it is spread to people through bites of infected chiggers (larval mites).  -- Bacteria
 Name the former chief of Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW) who has been appointed as the new chief of National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO)? -- Anil Dhasmana
 Which state has the highest share of arsenic affected habitations in India? -- Assam
 Brucellosis is an infectious disease caused by  -- Bacteria
 The International Day of Peace is observed around the world on  -- 21st September
 The highest increase in Minimum Support Price (MSP) has been announced for which Rabi Crop for marketing season 2021-22? -- Lentil (Increase of Rs. 300 per quintal)
 Name the veteran Communist leader, who took active part in the Samyukta Maharashtra movement, Goa liberation struggle, and was daughter of ShripadAmritDange - one of the founders of the Communist Party of India, who passed away recently? -- Roza Deshpande
 Name the Indian teenager named in UN's 2020 list of Young Leaders for the SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) for his initiatives that prevented empty glass bottles of getting dumped into landfills and turned those into sands? -- UditSinghal
 Global Summit of NRI Researchers called ________ to be organised from 2nd October 2020 and is aimed at developing mechanisms for involving Indian Diaspora working in top universities and R&D organisations across the world, to further enhance the knowledge-base of Indian Research and Academic Institutions.  -- Vaishvik Bhartiya Vaigyanik (Vaibhav) Summit
 Which treaty between India and Pakistan marked its 60th anniversary on 19th September 2020? -- Indus Water Treaty (IWT)
 The International Tennis Federation (ITF) has renamed which tournament - an annual team competition in women tennis, as the “Billie Jean King Cup” after the American tennis great and founder of the Women's Tennis Association (WTA)? -- Fed Cup
 In which state Mukhyamantri Mahila Utkarsh Yojana (MMUY) has been launched to provide interest-free loans to women’s groups? -- Gujarat
 India’s first General Aviation Terminal - to handle the flight operations and movement and processing of passengers flying through of private jets or chartered flights –has been inaugurated at -- Indira Gandhi International (IGI) Airport, Delhi
 Name the cricketer who will set up five schools in Kashmir division and an equal number in Jammu division to train the aspiring cricketers, particularly the youngsters from remote areas of the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmir? -- Suresh Raina
 Name the Caribbean island that has announced to become a republic and remove Britain’s Queen Elizabeth II as head of state by November next year - by the time it will celebrate its 55th anniversary of independence? -- Barbados
 The International Coastal CleanUp Day is observed on -- Third Saturday in September
 In a first such move in the country,the Rural Development Ministry of which state has started capturing work demand under Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) through its social audit unit (SAU)? -- Jharkhand
 Who is the author of novel 'Poonachi' in Tamil that was translated to English as ‘The Story of a Black Goat’ by N Kalyan Raman and got a placein longlist of U.S. National Book Award for Translated Literature? -- PerumalMurugan
 Recently scientists used CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing technology to discard a gene called _____________ which is responsible male fertility (sperm production) to produce pigs, goats and cattle that can serve as viable "surrogate sires," male animals that produce sperm carrying only the genetic traits of donor animals. -- NANOS2
 Scientists have, for the first time, discovered a Jupiter-sized planet orbiting a white dwarf or a dead starin the northern constellation Draco using NASA’s Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) mission named as -- WD 1856 b
 Which country hosted virtual National Security Advisers (NSAs) meet of the Brazil-Russia-India-China-South Africa (BRICS) grouping? -- Russia
 After Balochistan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Punjab, and Sindh Pakistan to make __________its 5th province despite India’s protests. -- Gilgit Baltistan
 Which State Govt. has launched a loan disbursal programme called “ArthikaSpandana”? -- Karnataka
 Who is the author of book titled “Azadi: Freedom. Fascism. Fiction”? -- Arundhati Roy
 Name the RBI Governor whose term was shortest of all (20 days), who passed away recently? -- Amitav Ghosh
 Marathwada Liberation Day, also known as ‘Marathwada Mukti Sangram Din’ is celebrated in Maharashtra on ____________ annually that marks the anniversary of Marathwada's integration with India when the Indian military, invaded State of Hyderabad, and defeated the Nizam in 1948. -- 17 September
 The Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) has decided to use first Made-in-India signalling system called  -- Indigenous ATS (i-ATS)
 Which state is going to start ‘Poshan Sarkar’ programme to ensure participation and leadership of local bodies-Gram Panchayats and Urban Bodies in the nutrition campaign? -- Madhya Pradesh
 Name the engineering firm that recently announced its tie-up with Swiss Rapide AG, a Swiss company to bring magnetic levitation trains commonly called Maglev trains to India? -- Bharat Heavy Electronics Limited (BHEL)
 ‘Titan Pay’ is India’s first contact less payment watch launched by watch maker Titan in partnership with – -- State Bank of India
 The Government of India has set up an expert committee under _______________, the National Cyber Security Coordinator to evaluate the implications of the digital surveillance by Zhenhua Data Information Technology Co. Limited. -- Lt Gen (retd) Rajesh Pant
 Global Initiative to reduce Land Degradation and Coral Reef program was launched at the recently held Environment Ministerial Meeting (EMM) of the G20 countries which took place under the Presidency of  -- Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
 In a first-of-its kind recognition for an Indian corporate leader, Aditya Puri, MD, HDFC Bank was conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award by  -- Euromoney Awards of Excellence 2020
 National Engineers Day is annually celebrated across India on ____________ to pay tribute to India’s legendary dam builder and eminent engineer, Bharat Ratna Sir MV Mokshagundam Visvesvaraya. -- 15th September
 Name the Dubai-based Indian-origin author who is among the six authors shortlisted for the 2020 Booker Prize for her debut novel ‘Burnt Sugar’? -- AvniDoshi
 The Union Cabinet has approved establishment of a new All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) at ­­­­­­­­­­­_______________, Bihar under the Pradhan Mantri Swasthya Suraksha Yojana (PMSSY). -- Darbhanga
 Who is the chairman of the Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) that has been constituted to oversee the process of corporatisation of the Ordnance Factory Board (OFB)? -- Rajnath Singh (Defence Minister)
 India has been elected as a member of the United Nation’s Commission on Status of Women, a body of the  -- Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC)
 The discovery of which gas in the atmosphere of Venus has triggered excitement as a possible sign of life on that planet? -- Phosphine
 Presently, two public sector companies of the Department of Atomic Energy - Nuclear Power Corporation of India Limited (NPCIL) and _______________ are involved in nuclear power generation. -- -Bharatiya Nabhikiya Vidyut Nigam Limited (BHAVINI)
 The monsoon session of Parliament, delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the maximum gap between two sessions of Parliament cannot be more than _______months.  -- Six
 Name the military strategy which employs political warfare and blends conventional warfare, irregular warfare and cyber warfare with other influencing methods, such as fake news, diplomacy, law fare and foreign electoral intervention? -- Hybrid Warfare
 The Montreal Neurological Index (MNI) template that India currently uses is based on Caucasian brains, which are different from Asian brains but recently _____________, a Bengaluru based institute has developed Indian Brain Templates (IBT) and a brain atlas. -- National Institute of Mental Health and Neuro Sciences (NIMHANS)
 The United States has signed a framework for defence cooperation with _________ to deepen engagement in support of maintaining peace and security in the Indian Ocean. -- Maldives
 Who heads the 16 member expert committee set up by the Ministry of Culturefor conducting holistic study of origin and evolution of Indian culture dating back to 12000 years and its interface with other cultures of the world? -- K.N. Dikshit
 Which state has launched "GARIMA" scheme to ensure safety and dignity of core sanitation workers? -- Odisha
 On which date National Forest Martyrs Day is observed in India? -- 11th September
 Who won the Formula One Tuscan Grand Prix 2020 held at Mugello Circuit, Italy? -- Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes-Great Britain)
 Which state govt. is going to constitute a Special Security Force (SSF) that can search and arrest without a warrant, and on the lines of the Central Industrial Security Force, it will be responsible for security of vital government and private buildings, and industrial establishments? -- Uttar Pradesh
 Name the new head of Japan's ruling, Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) who will succeed Prime Minister Shinzo Abe? -- Yoshihide Suga
 Name the journalist and politician who has been re-elected as deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha? -- Harivansh Narayan Singh
 Name the organisation that has recently released first edition of "Ecological Threat Register (ETR)", which also produces indexes such as the Global Peace Index and Global Terrorism Index? -- Institute for Economics & Peace (IEP)
 Name the canal project scrapped by Thailand that was aimed at connecting the Gulf of Thailand with the Andaman Sea across the Kra Isthmus in southern Thailand and was to provide an alternative transit route to the Strait of Malacca? -- Kra Canal Project
 Which scheme of the Govt. of West Bengal won the World Summit on the Information Society (WSIS) prize under the ‘e-government’ category that provides bicycles to students of classes 9 and 12 in a bid to reduce the issue of dropping out of school? -- Sabuj Sathi
 Name the second-largest city of Zimbabwe that is nearing Day Zero - the point at which no potable water from fresh resources would be available – due to ongoing drought? -- Bulawayo
 After UAE, which Arab nation has agreed to normalise ties with Israel as part of a broader diplomatic push by US President Donald Trump and his administration? -- Bahrain
 In which district of Madhya Pradesh, a Research lab of DRDO at a cost of 2 thousand crore rupees will be opened in Kailaras-Jaura region? -- Morena
 Most recently, which West African country has declared rape a national emergency? -- Liberia
 Chaitanya Tamhane won the 'International Critics Award' at the Venice Film Festival for the film ____________that portrays three decades of an Indian classical music practitioners' journey rooted in Guru-Shishyaparampara. -- 'The Disciple'
 Name the Bollywood actor who has been appointed by United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) as its celebrity advocate for children’s rights campaign, “For Every Child”? -- Ayushmann Khurrana
 India slipped 26 places to __________ among 162 countries and territories on the index of global economic freedom, according to the Economic Freedom of the World: 2020 report released by the Fraser Institute in Canada. -- 105
 The National Green Tribunal has directed the Centre and the Jharkhand government to submit a report as to why they have not declared ______________in West Singhbhum district as eco-sensitive zone. -- Saranda Sanctuary
 It is an ongoing initiative from The New York Times Magazine that argues to reframe U.S. history by marking the year when the first enslaved Africans arrived on Virginia soil as the nation’s foundational date – -- 1619 Project
 Which state emerged as ‘Best Performer’ in the second edition of Ranking of States on Support to Startup Ecosystems released by Ministry of Commerce & Industry? -- Gujarat
 Hindi Diwas is observed on___________ because on this day in 1949 the Constituent Assembly adopted Hindi as one of the official languages of the Union of India which was ratified by the Constitution of India that came into effect on the 26th of January 1950. -- 14th September
 Who won the Women’s Singles title beating Victoria Azarenka (from Belarus) for her second US Open title and third Grand Slam title overall? -- Noami Osaka (Japan)
 Name the social activist and veteran Arya Samaj leader who championed the rights of bonded labourers, passed away recently? -- Swami Agnivesh
 In which state India's largest piggery development project has been launched? -- Meghalaya
 Which Article of the Constitution provides for the election of both the Speaker and the Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha? -- Article 93
 Which article deals with the powers, privileges, and immunities of the State Legislatures, their Members, and their committees? -- Article 194
 In which Article of the Constitution of India the powers, privileges, and immunities of either House of the Indian Parliament and of its Members and committees are laid down? -- Article 105
 Name the former Health Secretary of India who has been appointed by as one of the 11 panellists across the world for the World Health Organisation’s independent panel for pandemic preparedness and response? -- Preeti Sudan
 To achieve a world free of industrially produced trans fats by 2023, WHO recommended that countries should set mandatory limits for industrially produced trans fats to ______ of oils and fats in all foods or to ban partially hydrogenated oils (PHO); and intake be limited to less than ____of total energy intake, which translates to less than 2.2 g/day with a 2,000-calorie diet. -- -2%, 1%
 The Union Ministry of Finance & Corporate Affairs has launched Doorstep Banking Services by Public Sector Banks (PSBs) which is a part of _______________ reforms. -- EASE (enhanced access and service excellence)
 Under whose chairmanship the Union government has constituted an expert committee to measure the impact on the national economy and financial stability of waiving of interest and waiving of interest on interest on the COVID-19 related moratorium? -- Rajiv Mehrishi, former CAG of India
 The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has directed the _________ to lay down guidelines pertaining to disposal of cigarette and beedi butts. -- Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB)
 Name the logistics agreement signed by India and Japan that will allow armed forces of both sides to coordinate closely in services and supplies? -- Acquisition and Cross-Servicing Agreement (ACSA)
 ‘Himalaya Diwas’ or Himalaya Day is annually celebrated across India particularly in Uttarakhand on ___________ to create and spread awareness on the conservation of the Himalayan Ecosystem.  -- 9th September
 Who is the author of the book “Sansad Mein Himalaya”? -- Dr. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank (Union Education Minister)
 Who has been elected as the president of the All India Tennis Association (AITA)? -- Dr. Anil Jain
 In which city the 13th edition of Aero India-21 will be held from 3rd to 7th February 2021? -- Bengaluru, Karnataka
 Name the app recently launched that provides platform to farmers in the country for managing livestock including buying and selling of disease free germplasm in all forms (semen, embryos, etc.)? -- e-GOPALA
 Which state has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with United Nations World Food Programme (WFP), through which Take-Home ration will now be manufactured and supplied by Women self-help groups (SHGs)? -- Uttar Pradesh
 World Suicide Prevention Day (WSPD), is observed on______________ by the International Association for Suicide Prevention (IASP) and WHO (co-sponsor).  -- 10 September
 Name the affordable dispute redressal mechanism for all kind of disputes of maritime sector, similar to that of Road sector that has been launched? -- Society for Affordable Redressal of Disputes (SAROD)-Ports
 The union Government has introduced a condition for Foreign investment in the Defence Sector i.e. FDI will be subject to scrutiny under  -- ‘National Security’ clause
 The Ministry of Education is organizing ____________from September 8 to 25, 2020 during which webinars and discussions would be organized on New Education Policy 2020. -- ShikshakParv
 Who has been appointed as the Chairman of National School of Drama? -- Paresh Rawal
 Which states recorded highest/lowest rate of full immunisation (all eight doses of vaccination) according the report on the 75th round of the National Sample Survey (July 2017-June 2018) on household social consumption related to health? -- Manipur (75%), Nagaland (12%)
 What percentage of children in the country is not fully immunised according to the ‘Health in India’ report recently published by the National Statistical Organisation (NSO)? -- 40
 Full immunisation means that a child receives a cocktail of _________vaccine doses in the first year of life. -- Eight
 Which Payments Bank’s operation has been ceased by the Reserve Bank of India after the company could not able to work successfully and applied for voluntary winding up by the Vodafone Idea Limited which holds 51% in it and remaining 49% by Grasim Industries Limited? -- Aditya Birla Idea Payments Bank
 After the first Kisan Rail between Devlali in Maharashtra and Danapur in Bihar, South India’s 1st and country’s 2nd Kisan Rail started between __________and ____________. -- Anantapur (AP), New Delhi
 Which state government has decided to develop 'Sanskrit Grams' across the state? -- Uttarakhand
 __________ and___________have been ranked first among A and B category districts respectively in the newly launched Ease of Doing Business by Uttar Pradesh Govt. -- Unnao, Kaushambi
 Which Payments Bank has ceased to be a banking company under the Banking Regulation Act, 1949, that has been notified by the Reserve Bank of India?  -- Aditya Birla Idea Payments Bank Limited
 The Telangana Assembly has requested the Central Government to confer Bharat Ratna posthumously on  -- P.V. Narasimha Rao
 Which state has the least Internet-enabled homes according to National Statistical Organisation (NSO) 75th round survey, conducted from July 2017 to June 2018? -- Odisha
 The first ‘International Day to Protect Education from Attack’ was observed on __________, after United Nations General Assembly accepted a resolution introduced by ____________. -- 9th September, Qatar
 Name the maths graduate from India who won the first ever Gold Medal for India in the Mental Calculation World Championship at Mind Sport Olympiad in London recently and became the fastest human calculator, breaking Shakuntala Devi's record? -- NeelakantaBhanuPrakash
 It is a sub-componenet of Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana – National Rural Livelihoods Mission (DAY-NRLM) of the Ministry of Rural Development which aims to support entrepreneurs in rural areas to set up local enterprises -- Start-up Village Entrepreneurship Program (SVEP)
  Which licence is mandatory for a non-profit organisation to receive foreign funds? -- Foreign Contribution Regulation Act (FCRA) Licence
 PoshanMaah, under POSHAN Abhiyaan is being observed in the month of September since 2018 by the Ministry of  -- Women and Child Development
 The first ‘International Day of Clean Air for Blue Skies’ with the theme ‘Clean Air for All’was observed on -- 7th September 2020
 Name the tribeliving in the rain forests and mountains of northern Brazil and southern Venezuela that recently made an emotional appeal to Indian government and the companies to stop buying Blood Gold from their territory? -- Yanomami
 The Delhi High Court has ordered the Centre to take a call on the issue of bringing Assam Rifles out of the dual control of the Home Ministry (MHA) and the  -- Defence Ministry (MoD)
 Who won the F1 Italian Grand Prix 2020? -- Pierre Gasly (ScuderiaAlphaTauri, France)
 Social Justice & Empowerment Minister has launcheda 24x7 toll-free mental health rehabilitation helpline in view of the growing incidence of Mental Illness, particularly in the wake of COVID-19 pandemic named as  -- “KIRAN”
 Niti Aayog has constituted a Multidimensional Poverty Index Coordination Committee (MPICC) chaired by  -- Ms SanyuktaSamaddar
 The Railway Protection Force (RPF) has disrupted operation of illegal software called ____________used for cornering confirmed Railway reservation. -- “Real Mango”
 Name the Padma Shri awardee, regarded as the “Father of Indian Radio Astronomy”, who passed away recently? -- GovindSwarup
 Name the broadcaster and natural historian who has been presented the Indira Gandhi Peace Prize 2019 by the Indira Gandhi Memorial Trust? -- David Attenborough
 The 2014 National Youth Policy (NYP) defined youth as persons between 15 and _____ years.  -- 29
 Who is the architect of ‘Patrika Gate’ that was inaugurated in Jaipur? -- AnoopBartaria
 Which Space agency contributed the Moon Mineralogy Mapper to India's first Moon mission - Chandrayaan-1, launched October 22, 2008? -- NASA
 The Australian government has appointed former cricketer _______ and Indian-origin politician Lisa Singh as trade envoys for advancing business ties with India. -- Matthew Hayden
 Who has been appointed as the president of Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM)? -- Kenichi Ayukawa, MD & CEO of Maruti Suzuki India Ltd.
 Under which Section of the Information Technology Act, along with the relevant provisions of the Information Technology (Procedure and Safeguards for Blocking of Access of Information by Public) Rules 2009, the government of India has banned certain mobile apps recently? -- Section 69A
 Integrated Cold Chain & Value Addition Infrastructure comes under which central sector scheme? -- Pradhan MantriKisan SAMPADA Yojana (PMKSY)
 With which organisation the Tribal Affairs Ministry has signed an agreement for setting up of National Institute of Tribal Research at the IIPA campus, New Delhi? -- Indian Institute of Public Administration, IIPA
 In Sikkim which festival commemorates the historic swearing of blood brotherhood between the Lepchas and the Bhutias at Kabi Longchok under the witness of Mount Khangchendzonga? -- Pang Lhabsol
 It is a new book by Pope Francis written during pandemic, shows how we can overcome crisis through faith -- Let us Dream
 The Department of Water Resources, River Development & Ganga Rejuvenation; Ministry of Jal Shakti has launched this contest to reach out to people on the important subject of water conservation and management  -- ‘Water Heroes – Share Your Stories’
 Which three languages has been approved by the Union Cabinet, apart from the existing Urdu and English, as the official languages in the Union Territory of Jammu and Kashmirin the Jammu and Kashmir Official Languages Bill, 2020? -- Kashmiri, Dogri and Hindi
 After Odishi dance (1964) and Odia language (2014), now Odisha Government has passed a resolution to request the Centre to accord classical status to -- Odishi Music
 National Nutrition Week is celebrated on the first week of -- September
 Bangladesh and India's north-eastern state Tripura have been connected via 93 kilometres long inland waterway over river  -- Gumti
 Name the first woman Director General of Bureau of Civil Aviation Security? -- Usha Padhee
 Who will head the 6-member working group formed by Insurance Regulatory and Development Authority of India (IRDAI) to scrutinize various aspects for allowing the life insurance companies to offer index linked products? -- Dinesh Pant
 To promote the culture of cycling in India, the first-ever Cycling Summit in 2021 will be organised by -- Cycling Federation of India (CFI)
 The Union Cabinet has announced ‘Mission Karmayogi’, a unique skill building programme for civil servants across the country and it is officially called as the  -- National Programme for Civil Services Capacity Building (NPcscB)
 The Ministry of Defence has approved the setting up of 3-member committee headed by _________ to review the effective utilisation of the Armed Forces Headquarters Civil Services (AFHQ CS) cadre.  -- Lt. Gen. Shekatkar (retired)
 Name the Editor Emeritus and Vice Chairman of the Ananda Bazar Group of Publications, who has been elected as the chairman of Press Trust of India (PTI)? -- Aveek Sarkar
 Who has been appointed as the Prime Minister of Lebanon after the resignation of Hassan Diab, following a catastrophic explosion? -- Mustapha Adib
 Recently, which country’s High court ordered “Hindu widows entitled to share in all properties of deceased husband”? -- Bangladesh
 Name the group insurance scheme launched by the Ministry of Defence for employees in all 62 Cantonment Boards which will be implemented through Life Insurance Corporation (LIC)? -- Chhavni COVID: YodhaSanrakshanYojana
 Which state reported the highest number of accidental deaths in 2019 according to the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) report? -- Maharashtra
 India aims for 100 million tonnes (MT) coal gasification by  -- 2030
 Name the IPS officer who has become the first woman commander to head the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) formation in the Srinagar sector? -- Charu Sinha
 According to data released by the National Statistical Office, the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of India has shrunk by a record _________in the April to June 2020 quarter in comparison to the same period in 2019. -- 23.9%
 Supply Chain Resilience Initiative (SCRI) is a trilateral approach to trade that aims to reduce the dependency on a single nation, mooted by_________ with India and Australia as the key-partners. -- Japan
 It is one of the quantitative tools that RBI uses to smoothen the liquidity conditions through the year and minimize its impact on the interest rate and inflation rate levels by simultaneous sale and purchase of government securities and treasury bills through commercial banks -- Open Market Operation
 Name the private airline that will operate the first ever sea plane service in Gujarat that is slated to start on October 31 —the birth anniversary of SardarVallabhbhai Patel? -- Spice Jet
 In which state the Central Mechanical Engineering Research Institute (CMERI) under the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) has installed the World's Largest Solar Tree? -- West Bengal (at Durgapur)
 Name the book a memoir penned by Dronacharya awardee Indian Cricket Coach Gurcharan Singh which is co-authored by sports journalist MS Unnikrishnan? -- “Pitching it Straight”
 Which state has the highest number of prisons for women? -- Rajasthan
 Which is the first country in Africa to eliminate sleeping sickness or African Trypanosomiasis? -- Togo
 India is the________ largest contributor of uniformed personnel to the UN Peacekeeping Forces.  -- Fifth
 India co-sponsored a Security Council resolution tabled by its close SE Asian partner ___________ in the United Nations calling for “full, effective, and meaningful” participation of women in peacekeeping operations. -- Indonesia
 Which state has the highest number of prisoners/convicts/under-trials in its jails according to the Prison Statistics India–2019 released by NCRB? -- Uttar Pradesh
 Which month will be observed as Poshan Maah - Nutrition month? -- September
 Name the first Divyanga sportsperson of the country, who has been awarded with the Tenzing Norgay Adventure Award? -- Para-swimmer Satyendra Singh Lohia of Madhya Pradesh
 India has pulled out of which exercise that is to be held in Astrakhan region of Southern Russia? -- Kavkaz-2020
 The Lakshadweep Administration has embarked on the ‘Pilot project on Biological Control of Rodents (Rats) by using ___________in Kavaratti Island’. -- Barn Owls (Tyto alba)
 The prize money of Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna Award has been increased to _________from 7.5 lakh rupees. -- 25 lakh rupees
 He was a former Supreme Court Judge and chairman of the 18th Law Commission of India, Chief Justice of Rajasthan and Andhra Pradesh High Court, who passed away recently -- Justice A.R. Lakshmanan
 Who became the first bowler to take 500 wickets in T20? -- Dwayne John Bravo, West Indies
 Name the athletics coach selected for the prestigious Dronacharya Award 2020 in the lifetime category,who passed away recently? -- Purshottam Rai
 Name the social reformer who worked for the advancement of deprived untouchable people in the princely state of Travancore, British India and founded the Sadhu Jana Paripalana Sangham (SJPS)which campaigned for access to schools? -- Ayyankali
 Name the Prime Minister of Japan who has resigned from the post due to poor health? -- Shinzo Abe
 The Bryan Brothers have recently announced their retirement from which professional game? -- Tennis
 The International Day against Nuclear Tests is held on  -- August 29
 The slogan for the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan mission is  -- ‘Mera Khata – Bhagya Vidhaata’
 BCCI has roped in this edu-tech firm as official partner for the Indian Premier League for three seasons  -- 'Unacademy'
 A bronze statue of Indian doctor_____________, who is revered in China for his contributions during the Chinese revolution headed by its founder Mao Zedong and the World War II, would be unveiled outside a medical school in North China. -- Dwarkanath Kotnis
 She was an Indian-origin woman who worked as a spy for Britain during World War II and first Indian-origin woman to get memorial plaque in London -- Noor Inayat Khan
 The World Bank has paused publication of its __________report to probe data collection irregularities whichannually ranks countries' business and investment climates.  -- "Doing Business"
 Ministry for Electronics and Information Technology has launched this contest to further boost start-ups and software products with special focus on Tier-II towns of India  -- “Chunauti”- Next Generation Startup Challenge Contest
 It is an autonomous body under the Ministry of Education (formerly Ministry of Human Resource Development) set up in 1996 to promote, develop and propagate the Urdu language that recently organised the World Urdu Conference in Delhi -- National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language (NCPUL)
 Name the first teacher from the Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) selected for National Award to Teachers 2020? -- Ms. Sudha Painuli
 Which Ministry is the implementing agency for Eklavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS)?  -- Ministry of Tribal Affairs
 Which Article of the Constitution of India is designed to ensure free and fair elections to the Municipalities? -- Article 243 ZA
 Which Article of the Constitution of India is designed to ensure free and fair elections to the Panchayats? -- Article 243K
 To mark the birth anniversary of hockey legend Major Dhyan Chand,India observes the National Sports Day on  -- 29 August
 NASA astronaut ­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­­_____________is set to become the first Black woman to serve as an International Space Station (ISS) crew member after the US space agency assigned her to a 2021 mission aboard Boeing's CST-100 Starliner spacecraft. -- Jeanette Epps
 Which company of Russia will make uranium-plutonium remix fuel matrix for India's VVER-1000 reactors? -- Rosatom
 It has engravings from the late Neolithic period, the only evidence for the existence of true Neolithic Culture in Kerala -- Edakkal Caves
 It is a rare phenomenon that occurs when two or more storms (hurricanes, tropical storms, tropical depressions) converge over a common area and then essentially spin around each other as they each feed off of the other’s energy.  -- Fujiwara (Fuji-war-ah) Effect
 Which organisation has released the Export Preparedness Index 2020? -- NITI Aayog
 In which year India was declared polio-free by the WHO? -- 2014
 It is a contagious zoonotic infectious disease that occurs primarily in horses, mules, and donkeys. It can be contracted by other animals, such as dogs, cats, goats and humans. It is caused by infection with the bacterium Burkholderia mallei -- Glanders
 World Water Week 2020 was organised by _________ from 24-28 August with the theme ‘Water and Climate change: Accelerating Action’. -- Stockholm International Water Institute (SIWI)
 Poulomi Ghatak, who has recently announced her retirement is associated with which sports?  -- Table Tennis
 Name the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) who resigned recently? -- Rajiv Srivastava
 Who become the first fast bowler and fourth bowler in the test cricket to join the 600-Plus Club with the three legendary spinners Sri Lankan MuttiahMuralitharan (800), Australian Shane Warne (708) and Indian Anil Kumble (619)? -- James Anderson, England
 On which cricket coach a book - ‘Cricket Drona’ - has been written?  -- Vasudev Jagannath Paranjpe
 The transmission of wild poliovirus has officially been stopped in all 47 countries of this region that was declared by the World Health Organization (WHO) on 25 August, 2020 -- African Region
 Women from which state have a greater share in the loan benefit under Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana (PMMY)? -- Tamil Nadu
 Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with this technical institute, to set up the first of its kind innovation cum incubation centre, VSSUT Space Innovation Centre (VSSSIC) in India to promote space research -- Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology (VSSUT), Burla, Odisha
 It is India’s first multi- wavelength satellite observatory, has detected an extreme ultraviolet (UV) light from a galaxy which is 9.3 billion light-years away from Earth -- ASTROSAT
 Which state has decided to approach the Centre for bringing the Frontier State under the purview of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution towards protecting the rights of its indigenous peoples?  -- Arunachal Pradesh
 The tribal areas of Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram are protected by the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution under Articles  -- 244(2) and 275(1)
 The ILP is an official travel document issued by the government of India to allow inward travel of an Indian citizen into a protected area for a limited period. The ILP regime falls under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 and it is active in  -- Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram and Nagaland
 The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) is the only multilateral body with a counterterror unit based in Tashkent called  -- Regional Anti-terrorist Structure (RATS)
 It was an aircraft carrier of Indian Navy, decommissioned in 2017 and now will be scrapped at ship-breaking yard -Alang in Gujarat  -- INS Viraat
 For the first time in India, which bank has announced to use of satellite data-imagery from earth observation satellites to assess the creditworthiness of its customers belonging to the farm sector?  -- ICICI Bank
 It is the standard developed by the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) that outlines the acceptable limit of various substances in drinking water, including heavy metals such as arsenic, and other parameters like the pH value of water, its turbidity, the total dissolved solids in it, and the colour and odour -- Indian Standard (IS) 10500
 According to the population projections made by the National Commission on Population under Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, India’s population is expected to be more feminine by the year -- 2036
 Who is the chairperson of the Delimitation Commission? -- Justice Ranjana Desai
 He is popularly known as Narmad, a Gujarati poet, playwright, essayist, orator, lexicographer and reformer under the British Raj. He is considered to be the founder of modern Gujarati literature, introduced his fearlessness and creativity through a magazine called ‘Dandio’ -- NarmadashankarLalshankar Dave
 Which institution will organise online International Conference on ‘Aerosol Air Quality, Climate Change and Impact on Water Resources and Livelihoods in the Greater Himalayas’? -- Aryabhatta Research Institute of Observational Sciences (ARIES), Nainital
 These winds are so dry and warm that they pose a great danger to the Californian Orchards and are considered as Climatic Hazard since they desiccate (dry) the soil and vegetation moisture and may even result in widespread forest fires -- Santa Ana
 This year (2020) Jaques Kallis (South Africa), Zaheer Abbas (Pakistan) and Pune-born former Australian captain Lisa Sthalekar were inducted into the International Cricket Council’s Hall of Fame. In which year Sachin Tendulkar was inducted in this club? -- 2019
 Which organisation implements Atal Bimit Vyakti Kalyan Yojana, that offers cash compensation to insured persons when they are rendered unemployed?  -- Employee's State Insurance (ESI) Corporation
 The Ministry of Tourism virtually signed an MoU with Travel Agents Association of India (TAAI) & FICCI Ladies Organisation(FLO) to promote tourism as sustainable livelihood model for economic empowerment of  -- Women
 Name the video game that has been launched by the Union Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan to teach people about ‘COVID-appropriate behaviour’ in a bid to fight the pandemic  -- The Corona Fighters
 Who will be the chairperson of the National Council for Transgender Persons that has been declared recently? -- Union Minister for Social Justice & Empowerment
 Under which article of the Constitution, Trafficking in Human Beings or Persons is prohibited in India? -- Article 23 (1)
 United Nations(UN)’s International Day Commemorating the Victims of Acts of Violence Based on Religion or Belief is observed annually on  -- August 22
 In which state of India,one of the most advanced and longest river crossing Aerial Tramway system has been inaugurated over River Brahmaputra?  -- Assam
 राष्ट्रीय भर्ती एजेंसी (एनआरए) द्वारा आयोजित परीक्षाओं में प्राप्त अंकों के आधार पर नौकरी प्रदान करने का निर्णय लेने वाला देश का पहला राज्य है। --  मध्य प्रदेश
 Which country recently discovered a large natural gas reserve in the Black Sea? -- Turkey
 The Uttar Pradesh government has inked an agreement with the water resources ministry of which country for the management of water resources in Bundelkhand region of the state? -- Israel
 The Boundary Working Group (BWG) is a joint agency constituted by the governments of India and _________ in 2014 to carry out works in the fields of construction, restoration and repair of boundary pillars including clearance of 'no-man's land' and other technical tasks. -- Nepal
 World senior citizens Day is observed every year on  -- 21 August
 With ‘Pantalu’as Mascot, which state is going to organise first-ever State Dragonfly Festival named ‘Thumbimahotsavam 2020’? -- Kerala
 Name the second museum that has been converted into a mosque by Turkey after turning the iconic Hagia Sophia museum?  -- Chora (Kariye) Museum
 Facilities like medicines, vegetables, milk, essential goods, telephone, TV recharge, online application are being provided to the house of the elderly by MP Police through this campaign  -- ‘Ek Sankalp – Bujurgo ke Naam’
 International Day of Remembrance and Tribute to the Victims of Terrorism is annually observed on  -- 21st August
 Name the English Professional Snooker Player who won the World Snooker Championship for the 6th time by winning the 2020 World Snooker Championship at Crucible Theatre, Sheffield, England? -- Ronnie O’Sullivan
 It is a harvest festival observed in western Odisha and some parts of Chhattisgarh to celebrate the reaping of new crops  -- Nuakhai
 The National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has developed this mobile App to facilitate creation of Green Highways across country -- ‘Harit Path'
 Which Article of the Constitution guarantees equal treatment under law in matters of public employment, prohibits the state from discriminating on grounds of place of birth or residence? -- Article 16
 Martyr Qassem Soleimani and Martyr Abu Mahdi are two missiles launched recently by -- Iran
 Which private organisation has manufactured Pinaka rockets, that were recently test fired successfully? -- Economic Explosives Ltd (EEL)
 Name the subsidiary of the National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI) -- NPCI International Payments Limited (NIPL)
 Which organisation has been commissioned the responsibility of carrying out the assessment of Swachh Survekshan? -- Quality Council of India (QCI)
 Which Ministry carries out Swachh Survekshan in urban areas? -- Ministry of Urban Development
 Which Ministry carries out Swachh Survekshan in rural areas? -- Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation
 Which State Govt. has initiated ‘Namath Basai’ programme that involves the teaching of tribal children in their mother tongue? -- Kerala
 Teesta river, a tributary of the Brahmaputra, is known in Bangladesh as -- Jamuna
 Barakah nuclear power plant is situated in which country? -- United Arab Emirates
 Who headed the selection committee for the National Sports Awards 2020? -- Mukundakam Sharma, Retd. Judge of SC
 Which Industrial Training Institute hasregistered three of its innovative products developed to fight against the novel Coronavirus in the patent journal? -- Industrial Training Institute (ITI), Berhampur
 Name the short film that won 1st prize in an Online Short Film Contest - an initiative by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting along with National Film Development Corporation (NFDC) on the theme around patriotism, equating it to Atmanirbharta (self-reliance)? -- Am I? by Abhijit Paul
 Which organisation has been selected by the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) as the official sponsor of the Indian team for the Tokyo Olympics? -- INOX Group
 Who has been selected as one of the Election Commissioners of India after the resignation of Ashok Lavasa?  -- Rajeev Kumar
 Which is the dirtiest city in India among small cities (with population less than 10 lakhs) as per the SwachhSarvekshan 2020?  -- Gaya, Bihar
 Which is the dirtiest city in India among big cities (with population more than 10 lakhs) as per the Swachh Sarvekshan 2020? -- Patna, Bihar
 A memoir about President Donald Trump titled “Disloyal: The True Story of the Former Personal Attorney to President Donald J. Trump” is written by -- Michael Cohen
 Which Bank has approved a USD 1 billion (Rs 7,485 crore) loan to construct the modern, high-speed 82-kilometre (Delhi – Meerut) Uttar Pradesh Regional Rapid Transit System (RRTS)? -- Asian Development Bank (ADB)
 In International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) Red List the conservation status of Woolly Flying Squirrel is -- Endangered
 This Union Territory of India was officially merged with India on August 16, 1962 so it celebrates Independence Day on both August 15 and 16 (De Jure Day)?  -- Puducherry
 According to Digital Quality of Life (DQL) Index 2020 released by Surf Shark, an online privacy solutions provider, India stands at the overall rank of _____________ out of the 85 countries and in internet affordability, ithas secured __________ place. -- 57, 9th
 Recently Kolkata Urban local bodies (ULB) were warned of punishment by the National Green Tribunal (NGT) for failing to comply with its order over waste disposal at  -- East Kolkata Wetlands
 The first Prakash PurabUtsav marked the installation of Guru Granth Sahib in Harmandir Sahib, also known as the Golden temple, in  -- 1604
 Under which Section of Contempt of Courts Act,1971, High Courts are given powers to punish contempt of subordinate courts? -- Section 10
 Which Article of the Constitution of India empowers the High Courts to punish people for their contempt? -- Article 215
 Which Article of the Constitution of India empowers the Supreme Court to punish people for its contempt? -- Article 129
 Which project has been launched by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs in Raigad (Maharashtra) and Jagdalpur (Chhattisgarh) to enhance the income of tribal communities through better utilisation of and value addition to the minor forest produces (MFPs) collected by the tribal forest gatherers? -- ‘Trifood’
 It is a process that captures carbon dioxide emissions from sources like coal-fired power plants and either reuses or stores it so it will not enter the atmosphere -- Carbon Capture, Utilization and Storage (CCUS)/ Carbon Capture, Utilization and Sequestration
 Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) has approved Fair and Remunerative Price of sugarcane payable by sugar mills for the sugar season 2020-21 at  -- 285 rupees per quintal
 Which country has launched a 3-million pound ‘Innovation Challenge Fund’ in India to support scientists in academia and industry to tackle the most acute global challenges such as COVID-19 and the threat to the environment? -- UK
 In IUCN Red List, African Cheetahs’ conservation status is  -- Vulnerable
 The Asiatic cheetah is classified as a “critically endangered” speciesby the IUCN Red List, and is believed to survive only in -- Iran
 This Mysuru zoo has got one male and two female African hunting Cheetah from Ann Van Dyke Cheetah Centre at Johannesburg, South Africa and is the second zoo in the country to house hunting cheetahs after Hyderabad zoo which has a pair of big cats -- Sri Chamarajendra Zoological Gardens
 Name the UAVs deployed by Indian Railways for establishing a drone-based surveillance system in a bid to intensify its security mechanism across its network -- “Ninja UAVs” (unmanned aerial vehicles)
 Under which Article of the Constitution of India, appointment and conditions of the office of a Judge of a High Court are provided? -- Article 217
 Which e-commerce player has established academic collaboration with IIT Patna? -- Flipkart
 Pixels are the digital dots that are used to display photos, videos and more on phone as well as computer screens. Name the inventor of ‘pixel’ who recently passed away -- Russell Kirsch
 Ibrahim Boubacar Keita has resigned after a military mutiny. He was the president of  -- Mali
 Which city won the ‘cleanest city in the country’ award for the fourth consecutive time in the Swachh Survekshan 2020? -- Indore, Madhya Pradesh
 Shashi Tharoor has come up with this book – a compilation of bombastic words introduced by him and the context behind it -- 'Tharoorosaurus'
 Who is the author of book titled, “Full Spectrum: India’s Wars, 1972-2020″? -- Retired Air Vice Marshal Arjun Subramaniam
 This institute has retained number-one position in list of top innovative educational institutes in India as per 'Atal Ranking of Institutions on Innovation Achievements -- IIT Madras
 Name the fantasy gaming sports platform that has replaced Vivo as the title sponsor for the 2020 Indian Premier League (IPL), which is to be held in the UAE? -- Dream11
 The Gwalior-Chambal Expressway connecting Madhya Pradesh with Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan will be named as  -- Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Chambal Progressway
 ____________ bio-ethanol plants utilise sugarcane juice and molasses, byproducts in the production of sugar, as raw material, while ___________ plants utilise surplus biomass and agricultural waste to produce bioethanol.  -- 1G, 2G
 Indian Railways’ North East Frontier Railway zone is constructing world’s tallest pier bridge, having height of 141 metres, across river  -- Ijai in Manipur
 Satya Pal Malik has been appointed as the 21st Governor of  -- Meghalaya
 It is the lowest point in the North America that has recently registered a temperature of 54.4°C which is the highest temperature in more than a century -- Death Valley (USA)
 The Ministry of Tribal Affairs has launched the Tribal Health and Nutrition Portal __________and a quarterly e-newsletter on health and nutrition _________. -- "Swasthya" , "ALEKH"
 Name the country's first bullion index that will be launched by Multi Commodity Exchange of India (MCX)? -- Bulldex
 The All India Football Federation (AIFF) and the Sports Authority of India(SAI), jointly launched this web platform to recognise creativity of the children and to develop their interest in football. -- E-Pathshala
 Who has won the Spanish Grand Prix that set a record in the Formula 1 history with the most podium finishes, over taking German legend Michael Schumacher? -- Lewis Hamilton
 The government has set targets of ____ per cent bioethanol blending of petrol by 2022 and to raise it to _____per cent by 2030 under the ethanol blending programme to curb carbon emissions and reduce India’s dependence on imported crude oil. -- 10, 20
 Which state has declared White chippi (Sonneratiaalba) or sweet scented apple mangrove as the official mangrove tree of that state? -- Maharashtra
 A new cyber security policy to be rolled out in 2020 as announced by the prime minister on Independence Day will replace the existing policy i.e. -- National Cyber Security Policy 2013
 What are the two conservation projects announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the 74th Independence Day in line with ‘Project Tiger’? -- Project Lion and Project Dolphin
 Which Ministry has been ranked as the best overall performing government department in ensuring Direct Benefit Transfers (DBT) to beneficiaries for the April 2019-March 2020 period? -- Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs
 It is a single window e-commerce platform developed to promote local business and entrepreneurship in Nagaland that was launched recently  -- Yellow Chain
 Which state Govt. will develop ‘Ram Van Gaman Tourism Circuit’ through the state to attract more visitors? -- Chhattisgarh
 Name the Arjuna Award winner former Indian cricketer and Uttar Pradesh minister of Sainik Welfare, Home Guards, PRD and Civil Security who recently passed away -- Chetan Chauhan
 Who is the only captain in cricket to have won all ICC trophies -- T20 World Cup, ODI World Cup in and the Champions Trophy who retired recently? -- Mahendra Singh Dhoni
 The European Union has launched this project in four districts of India (Beed and Osmanabad in Maharashtra) and (Dhenkanal and Jajpur in Odisha) to train 3,000 women in masonry, plumbing and electrical fitting which aims at sustainable housing through empowering women -- Project Nirmanshree
 It is a Bluetooth-based programme that will be introduced for providing study materials to students in remote areas of Chhattisgarh who do not have access to internet facility  -- ‘BultuKeBol’
 Spanish mountaineer Juan Antonio, who recently scaled a virgin peak (unclimbed mountain) in Spain, has named the peak and its route after a former district magistrate of Uttarakashi -Ashish Chauhan - who helped him during an expedition to Mountain Santopanth situated in the Gangotri region as -- 'Magistrate's Point','Via Ashish'
 The first day of which month is considered as the New Year day as per the Malayalam calendar? -- Chingam
 The Government of which state has launched 'PadhaiTuhar Para' scheme that will teach children with the help of community in their localities and villages? -- Chhattisgarh
 To provide correct information about various initiatives taken by Government of India for the benefit of the common people, the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting (MIB) has brought out a fortnightly in English and 12 Indian languages titled  -- "New India Samachar"
 Who has been appointed as the Director-General of the Border Security Force (BSF)? -- Rakesh Asthana
 Under which scheme the Assam government plans to provide Rs 830 per month each to 17 lakh poor families to financially empower women? --  “Orunodoi” Scheme
 Manipur observes its Patriots’ Day on August 13 to commemorate Manipuris who sacrificed their lives in this war to safeguard the independence of the State -- 1891 Anglo-Manipuri War
 The Government of Telangana has launched Artificial Intelligence(AI) for Agricultural Innovation Programme(AI4AI) in collaboration with Centre for the Fourth Industrial Revolution (C4IR) and  -- World Economic Forum (WEF) – India
 Andhra Pradesh CM has launched “YSR Cheyutha” scheme to ensure sustainable livelihood for  -- Women
 Which state govt. has launched the ‘Karma SathiPrakalpa’ scheme under which 1 lakh unemployed youth will be provided soft loans and subsidies so as to make them self-reliant? -- West Bengal
 Punjab Govt. has launched this scheme to provide free smartphones to the students of class 12  -- “Punjab Smart Connection Scheme”
 Name the peace agreement between Israel and United Arab Emirates that was brokered by US President Donald Trump -- Abraham Accord
 It is the first Gulf Arab country to reach a deal on normalising relations with Israel -- United Arab Emirates
 The ratification the Worst Forms of Child Labour Convention, 1999 by this country recently, marked the first universal ratification of a global labour standard  -- Tonga
 The 6th Schedule of Indian Constitution consists of provisions for the administration of tribal areas in which states? -- Assam, Meghalaya, Tripura and Mizoram
 Chandrayaan 2 Orbiter of ISRO has captured the Moon images of this crater dedicated to an Indian physicist -- “Sarabhai” Crater
 ‘The Next Frontier: India’s Smart Cities’- is documentary that chronicles the trailblazing journey of India’s Smart Cities Mission brought out by____, in collaboration with Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs. -- National Geographic
 Which item did TRIFED, Ministry of Tribal Affairs supplied to eminent dignitaries and guests who participated in the Independence Day celebrations.  -- Handmade Pankhas
 Which state has retained its top position in implementation of the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation (AMRUT) scheme according to the ranking of the states released by the Ministry of Housing and Urban Affairs?  -- Odisha
 Health authorities in the US and Canada have found a link between this bacteria and onions  -- Salmonella
 India ranks _____in number of organic farmers and _____in terms of area under organic farming. -- First, Ninth
 Indian Coast Guard Ship ‘Sarthak’ which was launched recently is built indigenously by -- M/s Goa Shipyard Limited (GSL)
 To which state does Moira bananas, Harmal Chillies, Khaje (traditional state sweet) belong to that were accorded GI Tag recently? -- Goa
 The Perseids meteor shower peaks every year in mid-August when Earth runs into pieces of cosmic debris left behind by the comet  -- Swift-Tuttle
 Which organisation has partnered US Agency for International Development (USAID) to launch the ‘W-GDP WomenConnect Challenge’ across India this year with an aim to bridge the gender digital divide in India? -- Reliance Foundation
 Who has been recommended by the Public Enterprises Selection Board (PESB) as the next Chairman of Steel Authority of India Ltd (SAIL)? -- Mrs. Soma Mondal
 It is a data recovery centre to protect the data of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research(ICAR) set up at National Academy of Agricultural Research Management (NAARM), Hyderabad -- KrishiMegh
 To enhance safety of cheque payments, the Reserve Bank of India has decided to introduce a mechanism of ‘Positive Pay’ for all cheques of value -- Rs 50,000 and above
 Under this system, a customer who issues the cheque clicks a picture of the cheque before handing it over to the beneficiary and uploads the same on the bank’s mobile application -- ‘Positive Pay’
 Who was the first minority Chief Justice of Bangladesh belonging to the Hindu community? -- Justice S.K. Sinha
 According to guidelines issued by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, what should be the net worth of an entity to retail petrol and diesel to both bulk or retail consumers? -- Rs 500 crore
 According to guidelines issued by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas, what should be the net worth of an entity to retail petrol and diesel to either bulk or retail consumers? -- Rs 250 crore
 Which is the first city in India to have women symbols on traffic signals and signage? -- Dadar, Mumbai
 It is the first private aerospace company in India which successfully test fired an upper stage rocket engine named “Raman” -- Skyroot Aerospace
 The second edition of Student Entrepreneurship Programme (SEP 2.0) has been rolled out by the NitiAayog’s Atal Innovation Mission (AIM) in collaboration with  -- Dell Technologies
 The Central Government has formulated an expert committee namely “National Expert Group on Vaccine Administration” to consider the logistics, ethical aspects of procurement, and administration of COVID-19 vaccine under the chairmanship of  -- Dr V.K. Paul
 Name the project under which tri-services want to equip their fleet of around 90 Heron drones with laser-guided bombs and anti-tank missiles to take out enemy posts and armoured regiments -- 'Project Cheetah'
 Which Ice Shelf of Canadian arctic –the country's last intact ice shelf,recently lost more than 40 % of its ice cover? -- Milne Ice Shelf
 The first item from Odisha that received the Geographical Indication Tag -- Kotpad Handloom Fabric
 Under which Mission Maharashtra and Odisha are ‘paired states’? -- Ek Bharat Shrestha Bharat
 In the United States, Democratic Party Presidential nominee Joe Biden has named Indian-origin senator __ as his Vice-Presidential candidate. -- Kamala Harris
 Lok Sabha has started a beginner-level course in this language for the officials and staff of the Lok Sabha Secretariat at the Parliament House that is being organised by the Parliamentary Research and Training Institute for Democracies (PRIDE) -- French
 In India, National Youth Day is celebrated on the birthday of Swami Vivekananda on -- 12 January
 With the theme ‘Youth Engagement for Global Action’ for 2020, International Youth Day was observed on  -- 12 August
 The book “Our Only Home: A Climate Appeal to the World” on Climate change is co-written by German environmental journalist Franz Alt and -- Dalai Lama
 What is the name of Russian Covid-19 vaccine that it has declared ready for use? -- Sputnik V
 Which company has been awarded the contract to build the Ram temple in Ayodhya? -- Larsen and Toubro (L&T)
 Which organisation in India is responsible for approval of drugs, conduct of clinical trials? -- Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO)
 This is a dwarf planet named after the Roman goddess of agriculture, which was mapped NASA’s Dawn spacecraft and analysing its data scientists claim there are reservoirs of salty water in the planet  -- Ceres
 LaishramManitombi Singh who passed away recently is associated with which sport? -- Football
 Punjab Cricket Association (PCA) will name its new stadium in Mullanpur after the last Maharaja of Patiala who played a test match for India against England in 1934  -- Maharaja Yadavindra Singh
 National Payment Corporation of India (NPCI) has launched its own business intelligence and analytics enabled omni-channel multi-branded loyalty platformcalled  -- ‘nth Rewards'
 It is the first municipal corporation in India to provide forest land right certificates to the people of urban region  -- Jagdalpur, Chhattisgarh
 He won the 2020 Belarus presidential election that gave him a sixth consecutive term in officesince 1994  -- Alexander Lukashenko
 India and Maldives have signed a contract for development of five eco-tourism zones in Addu atoll of the island nation. These eco-tourism zones are part of grant projects being implemented under the  -- High-Impact Community Development Project (HICDP) Scheme
 Name the Prime Minister of Lebanon who resigned following public outrage over major blast in Beirut on 4th August  -- Hassan Diab
 The Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change has launched beta version of a portal on Human-Elephants Conflict named as -- “Surakhsya”
 Scientists from the Bombay Natural History Society (BNHS) have found 77 new species of butterflies here  -- Matheran, Maharashtra
  Which IIT collaborated with Agnys Waste Management Private Limited to develop indigenous seed balls named ‘BEEG’? -- IIT Kanpur
  The largest celestial object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter is  -- Ceres
 The National Statistical Office recently released the Envistats India 2020 report which says that the number of heat wave days in 2019 increased over 80%. The report was prepared by -- Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation
 On the IUCN Red List of threatened species, Asian elephants are listed as --  “Endangered"
 Indian Elephant has been listed in the Appendix I of the Convention of the Migratory species in the Conference of Parties of CMS 13 held at  -- Gandhi Nagar, Gujarat
 The National Heritage Animal of India is -- Elephant
 World Elephant Day is observed on  -- August 12
 This refinery in Assam has recently received environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change for its expansion -- Numaligarh Refinery Limited (NRL)
 It is an Indian Ocean is land that declared a state of environmental emergency after a Japanese-owned ship began spilling tons of fuel recently -- Mauritius
 Hyderabad-based non-profit organisation Naandi Foundation and Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) have been adjudged among the top ten finalists for the Food System Vision Prize by the US-based Rockefeller Foundation. FSSAI got the recognition for  -- ‘Eat Right India’ initiative
 Which architectural style will be followed to build the Ram temple in Ayodhya? -- Nagara
 As part of the MoU between this state and E-commerce platform Flipkart, artisans, weavers and craftsmen under the One District, One Product (ODOP) scheme will be brought into the ‘Flipkart Samarth’ initiative  -- Uttar Pradesh
 The cabinet of which state has approved the policy of reserving 50% seats for women in the Village Employment Councils (VECs)? -- Meghalaya
 The Government of India has set up a three-member committee for determination of ceiling rates under Remission of Duties and Taxes on Exported Products (RoDTEP) scheme.The Committee will be headed by  -- G. K. Pillai
 It is the first state in India to delink incentives from State Goods and Service Tax (SGST) -- Gujarat
 World Biofuel Day is observed on this day to create awareness about the importance of non-fossil fuels as an alternative to conventional fossil fuels -- 10th August
 Who is the heading the five member committee set up recently by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to make recommendations on norms for the resolution of COVID-19 related stressed loans? -- KV Kamath
 It's a "grand assembly," an Afghan tradition dating back at least three centuries, that brings together elders and community leaders from across the land to discuss matters of major national importance -- Loya Jirga
 Rockefeller Foundation has selected Anand Mahindra-backed Naandi Foundation, the Hyderabad based non-profit as one of the top 10 Visionaries in the world for the -- Food Vision 2050 Prize
 A Tri-service contingent of India will participate in Kavkaz 2020, a multilateral strategic command-post exercise to be held in -- Russia
 It is a runway that is located on the top of a plateau or hill with one or both ends adjacent to a steep precipice which drops into a deep gorge. This type of runway creates an optical illusion which requires a very precise approach by the pilot -- Tabletop Runway
 Which country will host the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2021? -- India
 Which country will organise the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022? -- Australia
 It is a committee of the Human Genome Organisation (HUGO) that sets the standards for human gene nomenclature and also assigns a symbol (a short group of characters) to every gene -- HUGO Gene Nomenclature Committee (HGNC)
 This place (officially renamed August KrantiMaidan) is a park in Tardeo, central Mumbai where Mahatma Gandhi issued the Quit India speech on 8 August 1942 decreeing that the British must leave India immediately or else mass agitations would take place -- Gowalia Tank Maidan
 Who has been appointed as the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka? -- Mahinda Rajapaksa
 This GI tagged rice is known for its saltwater resistance and cultivated in Kerala and now farmers in West Bengal are experimenting with this variety of rice to tide over a crisis-like situation created by severe seawater incursion into paddy fields in the Sundarbans -- Pokkali
 When was the first National Policy on Education (NPE) promulgated by the Government of India? -- 1968
 To which country India has extended Line of Credit worth 18 million dollars to expand the fishing facilities? -- Maldives
 He was a prominent cultural historian and exponent of Mewatigharana, awarded Padma Shri, Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship, and Sangeet Natak Akademi Award, who passed away recently -- Mukund Lath
 This United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) designated day will be observed for the first time on 29 September 2020 towards meeting SDG target 12.3 -- International Day of Awareness of Food Loss and Waste (IDAFLW)
 International Day of the World’s Indigenous Peoples or World Tribal Day is observed on -- 9th August
 The Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) will open first of its kind Training cum Production Center of Silk in this village of Arunachal Pradesh  -- Chullyu
  The United States of America has urged United Nations’ members not to support this country’s bid to join the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC) -- Cuba
 Who is the Chairman of Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) of RBI?  -- The Governor of RBI
  The Reserve Bank of India on 6th August 2020 has raised the permissible loan to value (LTV) ratio for gold loans for non-agricultural purposes from 75% to -- 90%
  In 1905, a noted painting of ‘Bharat Mata’ was done by  -- Abanindranath Tagore
 He was the first Lt Governor Jammu and Kashmir and now been appointed as the 14th Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India -- Girish Chandra Murmu
  Which Indian company came second after Apple in FutureBrand Index 2020? -- Reliance Industries Limited (RIL)
  6th August 2020 marked the 75th Anniversary of which tragic Day? -- Hiroshima Day
 On 6th National Handloom Day 2020, India's first Handloom Craft Village was launched at  -- Sharan in Himachal Pradesh
  Who has been appointed as the Chairman of Union Public Service Commission (UPSC)?  -- Dr. Pradeep Kumar Joshi
 The Reserve Bank of India has approved the appointment of SashidharJagdishan as the next Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of  -- HDFC Bank
 Who has been appointed as new Lieutenant Governor of Jammu and Kashmir following resignation of G C Murmu? -- Manoj Sinha
 The salinity of this river in Goa to be studied by National Institute of Hydrology, Roorkeewhich has been appointed by the Union Ministry of Jal Shakti -- Mhadei River
 India's first snow leopard conservation centre to come up in Uttarakhand by the Uttarakhand forest department along with United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) as part of its six-year long project -- SECURE Himalayas
 It is the first golf course of Mizoram implemented under the Swadesh Darshan (SD) Scheme of Ministry of Tourism -- Thenzawl Golf Resort
 Spain’s Goalkeeper who appeared in four world cups and as Captain, he helped Spain lift the 2010 World Cup in South Africa has retired recently -- Iker Casillas
 The book, titled “Vishesh: Code To Win”, has been written by sportswoman-turned-author Nirupama Yadav that narrates the inspirational story on the life of India’s youngest basketball team captain -- VisheshBhriguvanshi
 Who won the Formula One British Grand Prix 2020? -- Lewis Hamilton (Mercedes)
 National Handloom Day is observed on -- 7th August
 India’s first 'Kisan Rail' for providing a seamless supply chain of perishable produce has been started between -- Devlali (Maharashtra) and Danapur (Bihar) Pi
 The government of which state has decided to start a program in lines with ‘Mann kiBaat’? -- Himachal Pradesh
 Which organisation has won the 1st prize in Smart India Hackathon 2020? -- Defence Institute of Advanced Technology, DIAT
 This fund was formed in 2017, is supported and led by the Government of India, managed by the United Nations Office for South-South Cooperation (UNOSSC), to promote multilateralism and shared prosperity to support developing countries towards the realization of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development  -- India-UN Development Partnership Fund
 Three recognised Globally Important Agricultural Heritage Systems(GIAHS) sites in India are  -- Pampore Saffron Heritage (Kashmir), Koraput Traditional Agriculture (Odisha) and Kuttanad Below Sea Level Farming System (Kerala)
 Which state has the only hoolock gibbon sanctuary, the only ape species found in India? -- Assam (Hoollongapar Gibbon Sanctuary)
 Designed by SpaceX, it is a spacecraft and super-heavy booster rocket meant to act as a reusable transportation system for crew and cargo to the Earth’s orbit, Moon and Mars -- Starship
 It is a recently launched social security scheme for tendu leaf collectors of Chhattisgarh  -- Shaheed Mahendra Karma TendupattaSangrahakSamajik Suraksha Yojana
 It is a rare sandstone idol of Lord Shiva having Pratihara style of architecture and belongs to the Ghateswar Temple at Baroli, Rajasthan that was smuggled to UK and recently retrieved by Rajasthan Poilce  -- Natesa
 The Central Electricity Regulatory Commission has given sanction to set up the third power exchange platform in the country and it will be floated by PTC India along with BSE Investments and ICICI Bank. The existing two power exchanges are  -- Indian Energy Exchange (IEX) and Power Exchange India Limited (PXIL)
 The Rajasthan government has amended the Rajasthan Judicial Service Rules, 2010 and increased reservation from one percent to five per cent in the State Judicial Service for candidates belonging to  -- More Backward Classes (MBC)
 It is a YouTube channel of National Cooperative Development Corporation to encourage farmers and the youth to take benefit of cooperatives -- Sahakar Cooptube NCDC India
 The Union Minister for MSME has approved a unique employment generation program proposed by Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) to make India self-reliant in Agarbatti production -- Khadi Agarbatti Aatmanirbhar Mission (KAAM)
 It is an innovative technological solution aimed at strengthening immunization supply chain systems across the country to provide real-time information on vaccine stocks and flows, and storage temperatures across all cold chain points in the country being implemented under National Health Mission (NHM) by Ministry of Health and Family Welfare -- Electronic Vaccine Intelligence Network (eVIN)
 Nobel Peace Prize and Gandhi Peace Prize (Awarded by Govt. of India) winner Noted Irish politician whose efforts led to Ireland’s 1998 peace agreement (Belfast Agreement/Good Friday agreement) who recently passed away -- John Hume
 It is a national programme (an initiative of Vijnana Bharati and Vigyan Prasar) which has been launched to popularize science among school students of Class 6th to 11th and has been designed to identify the talent in the field of science and to promote the scientific acumen among the students -- Vidyarthi Vigyan Manthan (VVM)
 The International Financial Services Centres Authority (IFSCA) announced the establishment of an expert committee to suggest ways to enhance International Retail Business. The committee is headed by  -- Pradip Shah
 World Breastfeeding Week is celebrated annually in the first week of August (from 1st of August to 7th of August).The theme for the year 2020 is, “Support Breast feeding for a healthier planet”. The day commenced after signing the  -- Innocenti Declaration
 He is considered the father of modern Indian theatre; the first Director of National School of Drama (NSD); recipient of the Padma Vibhushan (2010), Padma Bhushan (1991) and Padma Shri (1966). He has also been awarded twice by the Sangeet Natak Akademi, India's National Academy for Music, Dance and Drama. He received the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Direction in 1962, and later the Akademi's highest award the Sangeet Natak Akademi Fellowship for lifetime contribution to theatre -- Ebrahim Alkazi
 The first Arab country to open a nuclear power plant  -- United Arab Emirates
 The Ministry of Earth Sciences (MoES) this year conferred the Life Time Excellence Award to noted paleontologist who established facts that dinosaurs were present in Gujarat -- Ashok Sahni
 In a bid to support the “Aatmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan”, the Khadi and Village Industries Commission (KVIC) has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) to supply  -- Mustard Oil
 The Ministry of Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME), Government of India, approved a programme for the benefit of artisans involved in the manufacturing of Agarbatti and to develop the village industry under  -- Gramodyog Vikas Yojana
 It is a major E-W trending fault in the Kachchh region of Gujarat extending >150 km from Lakhpat village in the west to the Bhachau town in the east. A recent study has suggested that the fault, which has been dormant for the last 1,000-odd years, has been accumulating stress within and could trigger an earthquake -- Kutch Mainland Fault (KMF)
 A tribal woman hailing from Sundergarh district of Odisha, is amongst the seven new members of the Youth Advisory Group on Climate Change as a part of the UN Youth Strategy -- Archana Soreng
 The Ministry of Human Resource Development has been renamed as  -- Ministry of Education
 The 6th BRICS Environment Ministers’ Meeting was held under the presidency of Russia. The next (2021) meeting will be hosted by  -- India
 The first aircraft that will attempt controlled flight on another planet -- Ingenuity
 It is a technology demonstration payload on board Perseverance - NASA’s Mars mission Spacecraft that will produce oxygen from Martian atmospheric carbon dioxide  -- Mars Oxygen In-Situ Resource Utilization Experiment (MOXIE)
 Great Eastern Shipping Company Ltd has recently appointed a former RBI Governor as Additional & Independent Director -- Urjit Patel
 This is a conservation tool that sets minimum standards to manage target species, and encourages assessments to benchmark progress. Tigers are the first species selected for the initiative.India is the first among the 13 tiger range countries to nationally adopt this standard  -- Conservation Assured | Tiger Standards [CA|TS]
 A Singapore-based-NGO currently working on the Project ‘Aviral’ to reduce plastic waste in the Ganga River, plans to invest between USD 70 million to 100 million in India over the next five years to majorly to reduce plastic waste is  -- Alliance to End Plastic Waste
 It is a Payments Bank that has partnered with National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) to train and skill the youth in rural India -- Airtel Payments Bank
 Union Agriculture Ministry has inaugurated the government's first honey testing lab at -- National Dairy Development Board, Anand, Gujarat
 The helicopter-launched anti-tank guided missile - Nag Missile (HELINA)- which has now been named as -- Dhruvastra
 Download as PDF
Books & Magazine for all Exams
 UPSC Exams Books
 SSC Exams Books
 State PSCs Exams Books
 Teacher Recruitment Exams Books
 Police Recruitment Exams Books
 Banking Exams Books
 General Knowledge Books
 RRB Exam Books
 Current Affairs Books
 Special Offers
 Current Affairs Magazine Subscription
 CSC English
 CSC Hindi
 Samsamayaki Chronicle
 E-Magazine
Topic-wise Current Affairs
 Current News
 News Crux
 Sports In News
 State In News
 Oneliner Current Affairs
 Daily Current Affairs Quiz
Monthly Current Affairs Quiz
Current Affairs Quiz - January 2025
Current Affairs Quiz - December 2024
Current Affairs Quiz - November 2024
Current Affairs Quiz - October 2024
Current Affairs Quiz - September 2024
 Download as PDF...
Day Wise Current Affairs
Current Affairs 01 January 2025
Current Affairs 31 December 2024
Current Affairs 30 December 2024
Current Affairs 28 December 2024
Current Affairs 27 December 2024
 Download as PDF...
Monthly Current Affairs
Current Affairs January 2025
Current Affairs December 2024
Current Affairs November 2024
Current Affairs October 2024
Current Affairs September 2024
 Download as PDF...
 BACK TO TOP
Current Affairs
Current News
News Crux
Sports in News
State In News
Oneliner Current Affairs
Daily Current Affairs Quiz
Contact us
About us
Vacancy
Contact us
Magazine
Civil Services Chronicle
सिविल सर्विसेज क्रॉनिकल
समसामयिकी क्रॉनिकल
Store
E-Magazine
Books
Print Subscription (Hard Copy)
Online Subscription (Soft Copy)
Books
Chapterwise RRB MATHEMATICS (General & Advance) PYQ Solved Questions
Indian Industry Infrastructure & Resources | Chronicle Value Addition Special
Chronicle's SSC CGL Exam - REASONING -TCS -PYQ Practice Book | Solved Paper
Chronicle To The Point General Science & Environment
Chronicle Current Issues Roundup 2025 Value Addition Special
View more books
Corporate Office

 A-1D, Sector-16, Noida
Uttar Pradesh - ( 201301 )

 Email us

 0120-2514610/12

 Office Timing: 9:30AM to 6:00PM

Editorial
 9582948817  Email us

Advertisement
 9953007627  Email us

Subscription
 9953007629  Email us

Circulation
 9953007630  Email us

Online Sales
 9582219047  Email us

     
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Terms and Conditions
Shipping Policy
Disclaimer
© 1990-2025 Chronicle Publications Pvt. Ltd.. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chronicleindia.in/current-gk/national 
 ----- 
