Skip to content
Subscribe Now
50°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Minnesota Twins rallied to beat the Oakland Athletics 6-4
Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Pablo Lopez delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: September 28, 2023 at 6:14 AM PDT

MINNEAPOLIS  — Pinch-hitter Trevor Larnach broke an eighth-inning tie with an RBI double and the Minnesota Twins rallied to beat the Oakland Athletics 6-4 on Wednesday night.

After Max Kepler opened the eighth with his fourth hit of the game, Larnach sent a 1-1 pitch from Dany Jiménez off the wall in right field that evaded a leaping Esteury Ruiz. Pinch-runner Andrew Stevenson scored from first. Designated hitter Ryan Jeffers, who hit a tying two-run homer in the sixth, followed with a sacrifice fly that scored Larnach and Minnesota won for the sixth time in seven games.

It was the 41st come-from-behind win of the season for the AL Central-champion Twins (85-73).

“That’s a pretty sweet moment for him and for us,” Minnesota manager Rocco Baldelli said of Larnach. “In that inning, we had some interesting things going on. We take Kep out of the game. Normally, we’re not going to take Kep out of the game. But when you have a chance to get him out, he’s got four hits, put in a very good baserunner to do some things and then we get to hit Larnach in a good spot for him and he took advantage.”

The loss dropped the Athletics to 48-110, and Oakland became the first team to lose 110 games since Arizona and Baltimore in 2021. Also, it is the highest number of losses for the A’s since the 1916 Philadelphia A’s set a franchise record by going 36-117.

Minnesota’s Dallas Keuchel (2-1) worked 1 2/3 innings of relief and earned the win. Griffin Jax stranded a pair of runners in the ninth and picked up his fourth save of the season.

Jiménez (0-2) allowed two runs on two hits in his inning of work for Oakland, which has lost 11 of 13 games.

Former Minnesota outfielder Brent Rooker drove in two runs, including an RBI single in the fifth, to put the Athletics ahead 3-2. Oakland had trailed 2-0 early against Twins starter Pablo López.

RELATED ARTICLES
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
Timeline: The biggest Bay Area sports stories of 2024
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Minnesota’s comeback prevented Oakland rookie Joey Estes from earning his first major league victory in his second career appearance. He started for the A’s and allowed three runs in 5 1/3 innings.

“I think he got some swing and miss on the fastball in the first outing,” Oakland manager Mark Kotsay said of Estes. “Tonight, he got swings and misses on all of his stuff, which is a great sign. This kid is a competitor. You can see the way he’s out on the mound. He’s got a presence about him.”

Rookie Edouard Julien led off the bottom of the first with his 15th homer of the season for the Twins.

FINAL LINE

López went 4 1/3 innings in a planned shorter outing in his final start of the regular season. The 27-year-old right-hander will start the first game of the playoffs for the Twins.

After coming over in the offseason in a trade with Miami for Luis Arraez, López finishes his season with a career-high 234 strikeouts, which is second in the AL to Toronto’s Kevin Gausman (237) and the most in a season for Minnesota since Johan Santana had 235 in 2007.

“After I struggled early in my career to have a full, lengthy season, I’m really happy that I’ve been able to do so in back-to-back years,” López said. “Really important to me to do it in my first year with the Twins.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Twins: The team hosted a simulated game at Target Field on Wednesday morning with several injured players participating in hopes they’ll be ready for the playoffs. Royce Lewis (left hamstring strain), Carlos Correa (plantar fasciitis), Byron Buxton (right hamstring strain) and Joey Gallo (left foot contusion) all took part.

UP NEXT

RHP Sonny Gray (8-8, 2.80 ERA) will start the final home game of the regular season for Minnesota on Thursday afternoon, with Oakland starting RHP Luis Medina (3-10, 5.64). Gray, who is second in the AL in ERA behind New York’s Gerrit Cole (2.63), will start the second game of the playoffs. Medina will be making his final start of his first season in the majors and hasn’t earned a win since July 18.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Originally Published: September 28, 2023 at 6:11 AM PDT
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Cheapest Way Homeowners Are Getting New Roofs (Check Your Zip Code)
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
A Bra for Women That is Popular All over the World
Dotmalls
Seniors' Secret to Neuropathy Recovery: a Daily Revolution
2025 Neuropathy Guide
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Council Bluffs: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Best Winter Hat I've Ever Owned
Fanyil
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
Unbelievable: 60-year-old Grandmother's Bra Takes Over
Libiyi
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Top Doctor: Hair Transplant? Do This Instead to Regrow Hair
WG Hair Restore
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Really Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Nerve Pain May Become a Thing of The Past for People With Neuropathy
WellnessGaze Neuro
Never Brush Your Teeth This Way (Do This Instead)
Provadent
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Myelodisplactic
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
15 Worst Rated Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Opinion: Please don’t privatize the U.S. Postal Service
Horoscopes Jan. 11, 2025: Mary J. Blige, use your charm, intelligence and determination to get ahead
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
Rubin: Trump’s Ukraine policy will show if he is a winner or a loser
Word Game: Jan. 11, 2025
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Mel Gibson’s Malibu home burned as he ripped Gavin Newsom on Joe Rogan’s show
Kurtenbach: Chastised by losing, Kyle Shanahan is making his Andy Reid turn
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’
Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2023
September
28
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2023/09/28/minnesota-twins-rallied-to-beat-the-oakland-athletics-6-4/ 
 ----- 
