Skip to content
Open toolbar

Accessibility Tools

Increase Text
Decrease Text
Grayscale
High Contrast
Negative Contrast
Light Background
Links Underline
Readable Font
 Reset

We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Skip to content
Listen Live
Search
Main Menu
CHECK THE WEEKLY SPORTS SCHEDULE

ADVERTISE WITH US | EMAIL: KROX@RRV.NET

SPORTS FEEVER – September 28, 2023
Watch live sports online
September 28, 2023   sports sportsfeever  

SPORTS FEEVER by Chris Fee of KROX Radio – chrisjfee@yahoo.com

Believe it or not, playoffs for soccer and tennis begin in two weeks. Fall has flown by.  Football only has two and a half weeks left of the regular season after Friday night.

— — —Watch live sports online

The Minnesota Twins are your 2023 American League Champions!! The Twins have the second-best record since the all-star break.  The Twins are 12-0 this year when Ryan Jeffers hits a home run.
The Twins have the best group of rookies this year. They were patient with Max Kepler, who has been solid since the all-star break. They have Pablo Lopez and Bailey Ober, two of the top pitchers in the league. Kenta Maeda will be coming out of the bullpen the rest of the season and playoff, which greatly boosts the bullpen.
The Twins are hot right now and getting healthy and more confident playing the A’s and Rockies to end the season.

This year is the year the Twins can snap their playoff skid. We will see. But things are looking up for the Twins this year.

— — —

Crookston High School Principal Matt Torgerson received the following email from a Grand Forks Central parent after the Crookston Pirate Boys Soccer game with Grand Forks Central earlier this week. (The Crookston player was Jackson Reese.)Minnesota Tourism Packages

Good morning!  Crookston played Grand Forks Central last night, and I just wanted to share a quick story.  Towards the end of the game, my son went down with a cramp. Almost immediately, one of your players helped him stretch it out. I just thought this is what the game is about: teaching these boys good sportsmanship. I was very moved by the gesture, and I appreciate your boys to help out. We don’t always pass on the good news, so I wanted to share.

Thank you!
Tricia Lunski

— — —

The Crookston Blue Line Club will have equipment checkout/exchange/return on Mondays, October 2, 9, and 16, from 6:00 to 7:30 p.m. at the Crookston Sports Center. If you have BLC equipment from last year and it still fits your player, please stop down to recheck the equipment for this upcoming season. Be sure to check the expiration dates on helmets. Before you can check out equipment, you will need to be registered with the Crookston Blue Line Club. Visit www.crookstonbluelinehockey.com to register. If you have any questions, contact Katie at 218-470-0423 or crookstonhockey@gmail.com.

— — —

Next week is the final week of regular season soccer!! Section 8A Boys and Girls soccer will start playoffs in two weeks!

SECTION 8A BOYS SOCCER
St. Cloud Cathedral is the extremely heavy favorite to win the section. They are undefeated and ranked in the top five in the state.
Crookston has three games left in the regular season as they travel to Hibbing, Mesabi East, and East Grand Forks. If Crookston wins all three games, they could possibly jump to a top-four seed in the Section. There is a lot to play for in the game, but most importantly, finishing the year strong. Besides St. Cloud Cathedral, I would think Crookston would be able to beat the rest of the section teams if they play like they are capable. At the same time, they could lose to anybody they play if they don’t play well. The second through eighth teams are all pretty close. It will be a fun section tourney.
The first round of the section tournament will be Thursday, October 12 at the high seed.

Team	Section	Overall	QRF Value	QRF Rank
St. Cloud Cathedral	8-0-0	11-0-0	53.6	1
Hillcrest Academy	5-3-1	6-5-1	27.6	28
Central MN Christian	2-3-0	3-4-0	24.8	34
Minnewaska Area	2-3-3	3-4-4	24.5	36
Pelican Rapids	1-2-2	2-4-2	21.6	43
St. John’s Prep	1-5-0	2-7-0	21.6	43
Crookston	2-2-2	4-4-2	21.5	45
East Grand Forks	1-2-0	2-6-0	20.5	48
Fergus Falls	2-3-0	2-10-0	19.7	51
Melrose	1-2-2	1-7-2	15.2	59

— — —

SECTION 8A GIRLS SOCCER

Section 8A Girls Soccer has three teams fighting for the top spot, with St. Cloud Cathedral, Albany, and East Grand Forks. There are three outstanding teams in the section, and either of the three could be section champs.
Crookston has four games remaining. I don’t think they can move up to the top 4, but ending the regular season on a four-game winning streak would be huge.
There will have to be a play-in game on Tuesday, October 10. The first round (quarterfinals) begins at the high seed on Thursday, October 12.

Team	Section	Overall	QRF Value	QRF Rank
St. Cloud Cathedral	5-0-0	10-1-0	51.3	3
Albany	7-1-0	10-2-0	46.8	5
East Grand Forks	3-0-0	8-2-1	44.9	8
St. John’s Prep	4-4-0	6-5-0	33.6	21
Pelican Rapids	2-2-1	2-3-1	21.2	37
Crookston	2-4-0	2-6-1	17.6	47
Hillcrest Academy	2-6-0	2-8-1	15.5	49
Walker-H-A	0-4-1	2-6-1	15.4	50
Melrose	0-4-0	0-10-0	10.4	58

— — —

The Section 8A Girls Tennis tournament will begin Thursday, October 12. Here are my thoughts on how seeding should go.

1.Staples-Motley (should be unanimous pick)
2. Thief River Falls
3. Crookston (beat EGF 4-3, lost to EGF 4-3, and beat them in 4 of 7 spots (not including 4th doubles because that isn’t a score used in the tournament) Pretty easy to place Crookston 3.
4. Perham
5. East Grand Forks (Lost to Perham 4-3, beat WDC)
6. Wadena-Deer Creek
7-9. Park Rapids, Parkers Prairie, Roseau

— — —

MILESTONES

Climax-Fisher’s Halle Reitmeier recorded the 1,000th dig of her career against Park Christian.

Stephen-Argyle’s Regan Swanson recorded the 1,000th assist of her career last week in a win over Clearbrook-Gonvick.


If you have any milestones, send them to me at chrisjfee@yahoo.com.

— — —

To see the latest Minnesota High School Fall Sports rankings for Football, Volleyball, Girls Tennis, Boys and Girls Soccer, and Swimming, click on the link below.

Minnesota High School Rankings

— — —

The 9-Man West-North Sub-District Football stats after week 2 have been compiled by Dave Peterson. To see the stats for Clearbrook-Gonvick, Fertile-Beltrami, Kittson County Central, Stephen-Argyle, Win-E-Mac, Fosston, Goodridge/Grygla, Park Christian, BGMR, NCE/UH, Northern Freeze, and Warren-A-O, CLICK HERE.

— — —

The Valley Plains District Football stats have also been compiled by Dave Peterson. To see the stats from Ada-Borup-West, Mahnomen/Waubun, Red Lake County, Lake Park-Audubon, Bagley, Menahga, Polk County West, and Red Lake, CLICK HERE.

— — —

JOKES

— —

— —

A man asked me for a dollar. 

I told him I only carry big bills.

He said give him one of those. 

So I gave him my electric bill.

— —

A professor of chemistry wanted to teach his 5th grade class a lesson about the evils of liquor, so he produced an experiment that involved a glass of water, a glass of whiskey, and two worms.

“Now, class, closely observe the worms,” said the professor while putting a worm into the water. 

The worm in the water writhed about, happy as a worm in water could be. He then put the second worm into the whiskey. It curled up and writhed about painfully, then quickly sank to the bottom, dead as a doornail. 

“Now, what lesson can we learn from this experiment?” the professor asked.

Johnny, who naturally sits in back, raised his hand and wisely, responded confidently, “Drink whiskey and you won’t get worms.”

— —

They say one in every seven friends have a gambling addiction.

My money’s on Dave.

— —

— — —

How are former Crookston Pirates athletes doing in college or elsewhere?
****LET ME KNOW OF OTHERS TO ADD TO THE LIST. Email me at chrisjfee@yahoo.com

Halle Bruggeman is a freshman on the University of Wisconsin-Stout Women’s Tennis team.

Grace Fischer is a freshman on the Concordia College (Moorhead) Women’s Golf team.

Ethan Boll is a Freshman on the University of North Dakota Football team.

Breanna Kressin is a Sophomore on the Hockey Cheer Team for THE University of Minnesota Golden Gopher Hockey team.

Emma Osborn is a Sophomore playing basketball at Northland Technical and Community College in Thief River Falls.

Jacey Larson is a Sophomore playing hockey at Dakota College at Bottineau.

Aleah Bienek is a Sophomore playing hockey at Trine University in Indiana.

Elise Tangquist is the Head Girls Golf Coach at Horace High School in Fargo, ND..

Kaleb Thingelstad is a sophomore playing golf at Dakota Wesleyan.

Joslynn Leach is a sophomore playing golf at Concordia College in Moorhead. The Cobbers wrapped up the Fall season.

Brady Butt is a Junior playing football at the University of Jamestown.

Ty Hamre is playing football at Bemidji State University.

Paul Bittner is playing professional hockey in Norway.

Kate MacGregor is senior swimming at Minnesota State Moorhead.

Aleece Durbin is a Junior on the University of North Dakota Womens Track and Field team.

Elizabeth Erdman is a coach for the Moorhead Red Dragon swim team.

Crookston School District Coaches
Ben Parkin is the head Pirate Baseball Coach.
Emily Meyer is the Pirate head girls hockey coach and softball assistant coach.
Jeremy Lubinski is a Pirate 8th Grade Football coach.
Amy Boll is the head Pirate Girls Track head coach
Sarah Reese is the Pirate Head Girls Soccer coach
Marley Melbye is the Head Girls Swimming coach and assistant girls golf coach
Jeff Perreault is the Pirate Girls Golf head coach
Wes Hanson is the Pirate Wrestling Head Coach and assistant boys golf coach
Kevin Weber is a Pirate Boys Basketball volunteer assistant coach
Connor Morgan is the Pirate Boys Hockey assistant coach
Sam Melbye is the Pirate Boys J.V. Hockey coach
Chris Dufault is a youth wrestling Coach
Colton Weiland is an assistant wrestling coach

Non-Crookston High School coaching/Admin/etc

Tim Desrosier is an Assistant Coach for Warren-Alvarado-Oslo Pony Boys Basketball

Pat Wolfe is the head wrestling coach for Fosston/Bagley.

Austin Sommerfeld is an Assistant Athletic Director for Strategic Communication at the College of St. Scholastica in Duluth.

Collin Reynolds is the head baseball coach for the University of Colorado Buffalo Club Baseball team.

Trent Stahlecker is a School Security Specialist & he works for the Brevard Public Schools, Florida.

Cody Weiland is an assistant wrestling coach at Proctor/Hermantown.

Josh Edlund is the head football coach and phy ed teacher at Flandreau, South Dakota.

Allison Lindsey Axness is Assistant Varsity Volleyball Coach at Champlin Park

Jeff Olson is the Head Wrestling Coach and Head Baseball coach at Delano.

Jake Olson is an Assistant Football Coach and Head Boys Tennis coach at Delano.

Katy (Westrom) Horgen is the Head Boys Tennis coach at Monticello High School.

Matt Harris is an Assistant Principal/Athletic Director at Saguaro High School in Scottsdale, Arizona.

Marty Bratrud is the Superintendent and High School Principal at Westhope High School.

Gordie Haug is an assistant football coach at the University of Wyoming.

Mike Hastings is the Wisconsin Badgers Men’s head Hockey coach.

Mike Biermaier is the Athletic Director at Grand Forks Schools.

Stephanie (Lindsay) Perreault works with the North Dakota State stats crew for Bison football, volleyball, and basketball in the winter. Stephanie’s husband, Ryan, is the assistant director for Bison media relations.

Jason Bushie is the hockey athletic trainer at Colorado College.

Chris Myrold is the Director and Fitness at Mission Ranch and Fitness in Camel, California.

Kyle Buchmeier is a Tennis Pro at the Reed-Sweatt Family Tennis Center in Minneapolis


Ben Andringa is serving our country in the Army and is now a Ranger.

Jarrett Butenhoff is serving our country with the U.S. Navy.

Joshua Butenhoff is serving our country on a Submarine with the Pacific Fleet with the US Navy.

Peter Cournia is a 2002 Crookston High School Graduate and a grad of West Point and currently serving in the U.S. Army.

Erik Ellingson is serving our country with the U.S. Air Force at Minot.

Philip Kujawa class of 2004, from Crookston High School. He is an Army recruiter in Rochester.

Rob Sobolik is the General Manager of the Fargodome

That’s it for this week. Thanks for the comments, and if you have anything to add or share, please e-mail chrisjfee@yahoo.com or call. Thanks for reading and listening to KROX RADIO and kroxam.com.

 

Tags: sports, Sports Feever
Post navigation
 PREVIOUS

CROOKTON HIGH SCHOOL ANNOUNCES HOMECOMING COURT

NEXT 

CROOKSTON GIRL’S TENNIS SHUTS OUT MOORHEAD

Additional Articles
Crookston Wrestlers compete at Minnewaska Area tourney
sports   January 10, 2025   Crookston Pirate Wrestling, Gavyn Hlucny, Jose Arriaga, Lucas Perala, Riley Helgeson, sports
UMC Men’s Basketball comes up short at Winona State
sports   January 10, 2025   Aguek Deng, Andrew Stokes, Ben Hoverson, Braydon Carlson, Brian Beamish, Chandler Meeks, Christian Bowen-Webb, Hunter Lorenson, Jordan Mitchell, Micah Garrett, North Dakota State University Bison, Reid Grant, sports, University of Minnesota Crookston Golden Eagles Men's Basketball
UMC Women’s Basketball pushes past Winona State with good shooting and timely defense
sports   January 10, 2025   Emma Miller, Halle Winjum, Hope Dudycha, Nicole Hernandez, Rayna Klejeski, Riley Jenkins, sports, Taryn Frazier, University of Minnesota Crookston Golden Eagles Women's Basketball, Willow Thiel
https://www.widsethsmithnolting.com/

Copyright © 2025 KROX | Powered by Stray Media Group | Privacy Policy
KROX Public File | KROX EEO File
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kroxam.com/sports-feever-september-28-2023/ 
 ----- 
