Skip to content
Subscribe Now
17°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNHLMINNESOTA WILD
As Bally Sports seeks new contracts, Wild explore other options
The Wild want to stay with Bally Sports North, but that will depend on the regional sports network’s ability to renegotiate cable and satellite deals
Minnesota Wild owner Craig Leipold speaks at a new conference where new general manager Bill Guerin is introduced at Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul on Thursday, Aug. 22, 2019. (Jean Pieri / Pioneer Press)
By JOHN SHIPLEY | jshipley@pioneerpress.com | Pioneer Press
UPDATED: September 28, 2023 at 9:41 PM CDT

Roughly two weeks from their regular-season opener, the Minnesota Wild are unsure whether Bally Sports North will be televising all or part of their 2023-24 season.

That should become more clear in the coming weeks as Diamond Sports Group, which owns and operates the 19-market Bally Sports Network, negotiates expiring contracts with cable giant Comcast and satellite provider DirecTV.

If those providers decide not to renew their deals with Bally Sports, the group could decide it can no longer afford to run Bally Sports North, leaving the Wild and Timberwolves scrambling to get their games on televisions.

“We hope that doesn’t happen, because the best option for us is staying with Ballys,” Wild owner Craig Leipold said Thursday.

The Vegas Golden Knights, which was not a Bally team, announced this week a 69-game streaming package for $69 dollars a season or $6.99 per game. The Knights also are showing their games over the air.

Asked about that Thursday, Leipold said, “Everybody’s looking at that as a possibility, whatever Bally ends up (doing). We should know in the next week or so. If Bally leaves this market, that’s something we’re going to be looking at, as well.”

Bally made its last payment to the Wild, and there is another one due in December. If Bally loses Comcast, DirecTV or any number of other cable and network providers, its ability to make that payment, and dozens of others, will be in jeopardy.

In June, a federal bankruptcy judge ordered Diamond Sports to pay the full value of its media contracts to the Twins, Cleveland Guardians, Texas Rangers and Arizona Diamondbacks. Bally decided not to pay Arizona and lost the Diamondbacks’ rights. In fact, Bally pulled out of deals with the NHL’s Arizona Coyotes and NBA’s Phoenix Suns, as well.

Major League Baseball kept the broadcasting rights for the Diamondbacks and San Diego Padres, but the Suns and Coyotes are broadcasting their own games through a combination of free over-the-air games and a streaming service.

The Twins’ contract with Bally ends when the Twins finish their regular season on Sunday in Colorado. The Wild have one more season left of their deal, but it will depend on Diamond Sports’ ability to keep its cable and satellite providers.

Negotiating new deals with those providers could breathe new life into the moribund network, which is struggling to pay rights fees to sports throughout North America. According to the Associated Press, Diamond Sports Group and Sinclair Broadcast Group bought the regional sports networks from The Walt Disney Co. for nearly $10 billion in 2019.

The Wild already are investigating ways to get the team on TV in the case Bally pulls out of Minnesota. “If they pull out,” Leipold said, “we are ready to go within 24 hours with another option.”

The Wild are hoping it doesn’t come to that. Bally Sports teams get regular rights payments in the millions of dollars from the network and are loathe to lose the income and what is still the best way to get their games on TVs and other devices.

The Wild, for instance, have the highest number of users for the Bally Sports app than any other NHL team. If the Wild or any other NHL or NBA teams are dropped by Bally Sports, the Vegas Knights’ solution could be a short-term fix for them, as well.

“We are hoping that we don’t have to do that,” Leipold said, “but we’re ready if that’s what’s required.”

Minnesota Wild fans: Sign up for "Wild Report," a newsletter that brings you all the latest news throughout the season.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Pioneer Press.

Originally Published: September 28, 2023 at 9:34 PM CDT
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Top Engineer Designs Nail Clipper Specially for Seniors in Council Bluffs
viveala
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A 65-yr-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for Iowa Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Diabetologist Stunned: This Lowers Blood Sugar Like Crazy! Try It!
Sugar Defender
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive | Search Ads
Council Bluffs: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Cruise Ship Encounters Pirates - Watch What the Captain Does Next!
Happy in Shape
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
HealthReview24
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in Council Bluffs! (See the Prices)
Fat Removal
Council Bluffs: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Council Bluffs: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Worst Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Blaine woman sentenced for sexually assaulting youth hockey players at Roseville hotel
Trump can still vote after sentencing, but can’t own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
Delta jet to MSP aborts takeoff from snowy Atlanta airport after engine problem
Stillwater community development director resigns after a month on the job
Minnesota’s Carolyn Wiger makes a splash in the third season of ‘The Traitors’
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown in Washington County. Here are the finalists.
Minnesota United: Adrian Heath opens up about his firing and looks back on his career
Mitchell seeks to postpone burglary trial till after Legislature’s adjournment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MINNESOTA WILD
Adaptability, attention to detail key as Jon Merrill’s role grows with Wild
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Wild buried in an Avalanche of Colorado offense
Some optimism on the injury front as Kirill Kaprizov resumes skating
Wild debut likely as David Jiricek is recalled from Iowa
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Dramatic Wild win comes with a price as Brock Faber is injured
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Wild excited for the future after Zeev Buium’s World Juniors heroics
2023
September
28
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2023/09/28/as-bally-sports-seek-new-contracts-wild-explore-other-options/ 
 ----- 
