MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Cubs’ middle infielders play brilliantly together while working in different ways
By Sahadev Sharma
Sep 17, 2023

89

Nico Hoerner proved last summer that he could be a plus defender at shortstop. But when the idea was broached, he never balked at the Chicago Cubs adding an established player at the position this past winter. When Dansby Swanson was signed, Hoerner happily shifted back to second base, where he’d been a finalist for a Gold Glove in 2020.

But the fact that he’d already thrived at multiple up-the-middle positions didn’t mean Hoerner was satisfied with what he was doing there. He knows there are weaknesses to his game, and whether they’re big or small, he wants to improve upon them.

“The play to my right is something I’ve probably worked the most on at second base,” Hoerner said. “I don’t know if it’s something I didn’t have to do as much with the shift before or things like that, but just felt like something I could improve on.”

There was a stretch of plays during the Cubs’ trip to Cincinnati and their most recent homestand when it seemed like every ball that went up the middle that Hoerner could reasonably get to, he did. And then some.

“He’s the best defensive second baseman in baseball, and he’s hungry to be better at every aspect of the game,” bench and infield coach Andy Green said. “It’s a tribute to him that he’s identified something he wants to work on and puts in the time and energy to get better.”

That growth mindset is something the Cubs can boast about with both of their middle infielders. Swanson observed Hoerner’s intensity from the opposing dugout over the past few years and trusted former teammate Jason Heyward’s word — “He’s an honest guy, so if he’s really high on someone, you know he’s legit,” Swanson said — on the subject as well. So he wasn’t too surprised to see firsthand the type of work he regularly puts in to get better.

“That’s what makes him, him,” Swanson said. “The best athletes that I’ve been around are really honest with self-reflection. They can look at themselves in the mirror and say, ‘I need to work on this, I need to get better at this,’ and are always looking for ways to improve. Not necessarily in a way where you’re talking bad about yourself, but knowing you need to get better at this to reach the next level. He’s really good at that, having those honest conversations.”

Their manager, David Ross, has nothing but praise to lavish upon both players. He calls Hoerner “a worker” who is always looking to improve himself. Whether it’s in the gym to have more mobility or strength or he’s just learning a better way to position himself to get to more balls, Hoerner never seems satisfied with the status quo. Ross points to Swanson as someone who has been a primary factor in ushering a culture change within a clubhouse that is as cohesive as it’s been in years as the Cubs return to a playoff hunt for the first time in quite a while. He has an even-keeled attitude that leads to an understated focus and an intensity that seems to fuel many in the clubhouse.

“We talk about it in spring training: The mentality around here needs to be, ‘We’ve got to get better every single day,’” Ross said. “We’re not the best version of ourselves to start spring. Hopefully, we’re not the best version of ourselves today that we’ll be at the end of the season. The guys that have that type of mindset — Nico, Dansby, (Ian Happ), (Yan Gomes), it goes all around the room — we need to have that mindset here because I think we can always get better and improve. Nico is the definition of that guy.”

Defensively, Hoerner and Swanson combine to be one of the most stout up-the-middle duos in the game. By the metrics, no shortstop has a better Outs Above Average (OAA) than Swanson’s 14. Only one everyday second baseman (San Francisco’s Thairo Estrada) can top Hoerner’s 11. And they’re doing it in a season in which the shift has been limited, making athletic, defensive-minded infielders all the more important.

“We’re so fortunate because the two guys we put in the middle of the field are the best combo in baseball,” Green said. “The best thing you can do as a coach sometimes is get out of the way and let them do what they do really, really well. You don’t get overly aggressive in moving guys around right now because those guys move so well.”

Green said they both have a unique ability to make the incredibly difficult somehow look simple. They end up in the same place but get there in different ways.

“Nico’s a more aggressive mover,” Green said. “Dansby is a bit more rhythmic, measured and really under control and tempered.”

They seem to have observed the same about each other. Swanson doesn’t get rave reviews for his arm, and the data agrees. Of the 53 shortstops who have made at least 100 throws, Swanson ranks 50th with an average throw of 79.7 mph. But nobody who watches him play doubts Swanson has the arm to get the job done.

“He’s only intent on getting outs,” Green said. “He’s not worried about the way it looks coming out of his hand; he’s just going to deliver a strike to first base.”

“What stands out most to me is his internal clock as a defender,” Hoerner said. “He’s never sped up; he has plenty of arm strength. It may look like he’s lobbing it up there a lot of the time, but that almost takes more skill.”

Hoerner didn’t stop there with the compliments.

“He’s always choosing the hop he wants,” Hoerner continued, barely taking a breath as he listed off all the positive attributes of his double-play mate. “His confidence playing the game with one hand, the accuracy of his throws and even the sliding plays that look like highlights are really routine for him because he’s done it so often and knows how to use the ground to set up his throws. He’s just a joy to watch.”

Swanson has now seen that Hoerner’s intensity rarely lets up. He’s not over the top to the point that he can’t engage in a deeper conversation, but when it’s time to get to work, he has a set routine and stays fully engaged as the season progresses.

“He really works on so many different facets of his game and his body,” Swanson said. “He’s always in ‘go’ mode. That’s really impressive to be able to do it for the duration of a season because there are so many games and ups and downs. He’s always in ‘compete’ mode. That’s good for a group to have somebody like that.”

Hoerner’s intensity is something he has had to adjust throughout his still-young career. In his first couple of seasons, he dealt with multiple muscle issues in his lower half that kept him sidelined for periods of time. That led to working through various adjustments to his offseason workouts. In 2021, he came in bulkier, thinking it might allow him to be more durable. That season, he played in just 44 games and learned that although he wasn’t too heavy, he needed to distribute his weight differently. After coming up with a different offseason plan with the training staff, Hoerner seemed to find a happy medium last season and played in 135 games. He has already topped that in 2023.

“I think I’ve always erred on the side of doing more, as far as preparation,” Hoerner said. “It doesn’t mean I’m right, and I’m still finding a balance with all of that. I’m sure that’ll evolve as my career goes, but I’m in a good spot now.”

Swanson entered the season with 580 more games played than Hoerner, so it’s natural that he has perfected his routine. But like Hoerner, it was a process.

“Throughout my career, I’ve had to learn how to stay at an even-keeled gear the whole time,” Swanson said. “That’s what works for me and how I get the most out of myself. For him, there’s a different level of intensity. He’s an over-preparer — that’s not meant in even a remotely bad way. He makes sure to get every bit of his work done every day. I’ve learned for me that sometimes less is more. The competition part is high for both of us.”

Hoerner is no different from many people around the game when it comes to Swanson. To appreciate the veteran shortstop and what he brings on the field and in the clubhouse, it takes being around him daily. Hoerner is trying to feed off Swanson as he continues to tweak his process, learning from one of the best.

“Obviously, the metrics and awards that he’s won will let you know that too,” Hoerner said. “But I think he’s one of the most remarkably consistent athletes I’ve ever been around. There’s a lot I can learn from him just in how he prepares. Not a particular drill, but the confidence he has in himself to work efficiently. He’s not running around doing anything crazy. He knows what it takes to play every single day, and that’s something I’m still learning to do.”

As a team, the Cubs are top five in baseball defensively by OAA and Defensive Runs Saved. But their strength primarily comes through the infield. And as good as the metrics say Nick Madrigal is at third, the area manned by Hoerner and Swanson is where they’re considered elite.

This is what Jed Hoyer envisioned when he went about reconstructing his team this winter. He targeted Swanson for multiple reasons, but his glove really stood out. By having a player in Hoerner who was willing to move off a spot where he’d already established himself and bringing in another player obsessed with winning, the Cubs are thriving. They’re playing consistently strong defense at the most important spots on the field and saving their largely contact-oriented pitching staff loads of runs in the process.

“Those are fun guys to coach and be around,” Green said. “Because they’re always looking for something to improve on. That’s a credit to both those guys.”

(Top photo of Dansby Swanson and Nico Hoerner: Michael Reaves / Getty Images)

Sahadev Sharma is a staff writer for The Athletic and covers the Chicago Cubs. Previously, Sahadev was a national baseball writer for Baseball Prospectus and ESPN Chicago. Follow Sahadev on Twitter @sahadevsharma

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4868945/2023/09/17/cubs-dansby-swanson-nico-hoerner/ 
 ----- 
