Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
Celebrities
'Tiger King' Joe Exotic writes letter to Bengals' Joe Burrow asking for assistance in legal battle

Exotic needs $20k to hire attorneys

Joe Exotic and Bengals quarterback, Joe Burrow.LAPRESSE
LW
16/09/2023 - 17:51 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Celebrities. Halle Berry speaks out against Drake's unauthorized use of her image on new single cover
Celebrities. Nicki Minaj's husband Kenneth Petty threatens to kill Cardi B's husband Offset

Joe Exotic, the infamous star of Netflix's "Tiger King," has reached out to Cincinnati Bengals quarterback Joe Burrow for help. In a social media post, Exotic, whose real name is Joseph Maldonado-Passage, asked Burrow to assist him in raising $20,000 to hire attorneys and fight his wrongful imprisonment.

Exotic, who is currently serving a 21-year sentence for attempting to murder Carole Baskin and other charges related to his treatment of animals, believes Burrow should help him due to their shared "Tiger King" nickname. However, Burrow has previously stated that he does not like the nickname and has not watched the show.

"I didn't see the show, so I don't like that nickname," Burrow said in a 2022 interview with Lordstown Motors. "I don't like seeing animals in cages, I don't really like that."

Despite this, Exotic remains hopeful that Burrow will come to his aid. In his letter, he stated, "God might help you get to the Super Bowl this year" if he helps Exotic raise the necessary funds.

'King' says his life has been destroyed

Exotic also expressed frustration with the media and others who he believes are profiting off his story while he remains behind bars. "Everyone in the world is exploiting me and my trademarks while I sit innocent in an American Federal Prison," he wrote. "My life has been destroyed ... while you all ride fame and attention off my life's work."

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
What is the Co...
Marca

While it's unclear if Burrow will respond to Exotic's request, it's worth noting that Exotic's legal battles are far from over. In addition to his current sentence, he was also convicted of killing five tigers, selling tiger cubs, and falsifying wildlife records.

Despite the serious nature of Exotic's crimes, his letter to Burrow has a somewhat desperate and pleading tone. He is clearly frustrated with his situation and believes that others are profiting off his story without giving him the credit he deserves.

TV Shows - English
Celebrities - English
Cincinnati Bengals - English
Joe Burrow - English
CelebritiesKourtney calls Kim a 'witch': The explosive season 4 trailer of 'The Kardashians'
Cleveland BrownsMyles Garrett emulates Allen Iverson crossover before blitzing Joe Burrow
CelebritiesProducers of 'The Tonight Show' speak out in defense of Jimmy Fallon amid allegations
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Steve Sarkisian Net Worth: How...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/celebrities/2023/09/17/650630e122601d54498b457c.html 
 ----- 
