Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Detroit Lions
The GOAT: Detroit Lions unveil Barry Sanders statue at Ford Field

The Hall of Fame running back was present during the unveiling.

The Barry Sanders statue at Ford Field.Woodward Sports Network / Twitter
MATIAS WODNER
Actualizado 16/09/2023 - 18:05 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Browns and Steelers might both be without their top WRs for Monday Night Football
NFL. Stephen A. Smith still fighting Terrell Owens for calling Max Kellerman 'Blacker' than him

When the topic of "who is the greatest running back of all-time" arises, the answer for many is Barry Sanders. It's definitely tough to argue if you say he's the most talented in the history of the sport.

He didn't gain the most rushing yards or score the most touchdowns, but his speed and agility made him arguably the most efficient and electrifying runner the NFL has seen. Sanders spent 10 seasons with the Detroit Lions. Although he didn't find postseason success with the franchise, Sanders is synonymous with the Lions and the city of Detroit.

That relationship took a step into perpetuity on Saturday, when the Lions unveiled a statue of Sanders that will stand outside Ford Field.

Detroit Lions unveil Barry Sanders statueWoodward Sports Network / Twitter

The statue is actually the first of its kind at Ford Field, and there was no one other than Sanders that was more deserving.

Sanders finished his career with 18,190 total yards from scrimmage, 15,269 rushing yards and a 5.0 yards per carry number. Those figures rank 5th, 4th and 8th all-time among running backs. Sanders was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2004.

New Detroit
MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

While the Lions have not done much winning since Sanders retired, the 2023 team has started off hot. They beat the Kansas City Chiefs at home in the first game of the NFL season.

They narrowly missed the playoffs in 2022 and look to be improved this year. The Lions haven't made the playoffs since the 2016 season, where they lost in the Wild Card round to the Seattle Seahawks.

NFL - English
Detroit Lions - English
Barry Sanders - English
NFLNFL reinstates C.J. Moore and four other players after gambling violations
NFLTom Brady applauds the success of his niece Maya - The star outfielder was called up to the USA Softball Team
New England PatriotsBill Belichick gets bored without NFL coaching and shows up at a game of the sport his daughter plays
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Harry and Meghan Markle, threaten...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/detroit-lions/2023/09/17/65063391ca47416e1f8b45ae.html 
 ----- 
