The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
‘He was the right decision’: Cubs lay out plan for Alexander Canario
Cubs right-hander Shane Greene made his Cubs debut on Sunday, but Canario has yet to make his MLB debut.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 3, 2023, 8:57pm UTC

The Cubs recalled Cubs prospect Alexander Canario on Friday, but he has yet to debut. File photo.

John Antonoff / for the Sun-Times

SHARE
COPY LINK

CINCINNATI — Right-hander Shane Greene made his debut with the Cubs in the 15-7 victory Sunday against the Reds.

He entered in the ninth inning and needed just nine pitches to finish the game, allowing a leadoff single and recording a strikeout.

Outfielder Alexander Canario, the other player called up Friday when rosters expanded to 28 players, did not appear in the weekend series.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
The Cubs' 'Sandberg Game' started an amazing run
He followed the Cubs as a kid battling cancer, but now he's covered up his tattoo
Cubs edge Mets 1-0 with game-ending double play by Ian Happ, Nick Madrigal and Miguel Amaya
Cubs injury updates: Seiya Suzuki '80% ready to get back on the field'
How the Cubs adjusted their lineup to face Mets left-hander Sean Manaea
Cubs lose to Mets 4-2 as errors add up, offense slows
LATEST STORIES
Chicago outdoors: Where frogs go in winter and a buck in winter
A guide to solo travel without feeling lonely
CTU contract talks remain stuck on what goes on in schools, not on economics
Blackhawks' loss to Oilers puts them off-track in new segment-based approach
José 'Cha Cha' Jiménez, human rights activist and former chair of Young Lords organization, dead at 76
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
DEAR ABBY
Dear Abby: Photo album of my husband by his daughter is great — except for the pictures of his first wife
The man’s current wife, who’s been married to him more than 40 years, considers asking her stepdaughter to print a new version with two photos removed.
By Abigail Van Buren  Jan 12, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Sunday, January 12, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 12, 2025, 6:01am UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
Andrew Pohlman's toughness sets the tone in Oswego East's win against crosstown rival Oswego
Junior Mason Lockett led the Wolves with 14 points and six rebounds and Torrin Ross added nine points.
By Michael O’Brien  Jan 12, 2025, 2:29am UTC
TRANSPORTATION
At least 1 person dead after Metra train strikes vehicle in Norwood Park
A Union Pacific Northwest outbound train No. 717 struck a car about 3:50 p.m. Saturday near Nagle and Avondale avenues. At least one person in the car died, authorities say.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 12, 2025, 1:40am UTC
CRIME
Man fatally shot during domestic argument in South Chicago
A man and woman were arguing inside a home when the argument turned physical and the woman fired a gun, police said. The man was wounded and taken to University of Chicago Medical Center, where he died.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 12, 2025, 1:25am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2023/9/3/23857769/cubs-lay-out-plan-alexander-canario-right-decision-debut-david-ross-jed-hoyer-shane-greene 
 ----- 
