MLB
Cincinnati Reds
Reds get key injury updates on Matt McClain, Jonathan India

Reds manager David Bell provided updates on infielders Matt McLain and Jonathan India, who still need some time to get back into action.

By 

Sam DiGiovanni

Sep 3, 2023 at 2:01 PM ET

The Cincinnati Reds entered the month of September in territory to snag a playoff berth. It's a territory that very few people thought they would be in at the start of the season. Young players like Elly De La Cruz, Matt McLain, Spencer Steer, Graham Ashcraft, Andrew Abbott and Jonathan India have been major contributors but health has held the team back from being at full strength altogether.

Reds manager David Bell provided some key injury updates on their key infielders, per Charlie Goldsmith of The Enquirer. McLain is still out for multiple weeks while India could soon start a rehab assignment in the minor leagues.

McLain is dealing with an oblique injury that has kept him out since August 28. He said after being put on IL that it was something he had been feeling for a little while but that progressively worse to the point where swinging through pitches caused him pain. The shortstop/second baseman has made himself a National League Rookie of the Year contender with a .290/.357/.507 slash line.

Related Cincinnati Reds News
Article continues below
Reds swing surprise Gavin Lux trade with Dodgers
5d
MLB rumors: Reds, Blue Jays showing interest in Nick Pivetta
2 w
Reds trade for Yankees catcher in 3-player deal
3 w
Terry Francona’s shocked reaction to Juan Soto’s bonkers Mets’ contract
1M

Meanwhile, India has been out since late June due to a left foot injury. The second baseman and former NL Rookie of the Year injured the foot trying to test it out and was shelved for two more weeks. The Reds considered trading him at the trade deadline but ended up holding onto him.

The Reds are neck-and-neck with the San Francisco Giants and Arizona Diamondbacks in the record department, fighting to secure a Wild Card spot as the season heads into its homestretch.

Sam DiGiovanni is a beat writer at ClutchPoints covering the Philadelphia 76ers, with expertise covering the NBA at large as well as the NFL and MLB. The Marist College graduate previously wrote for The Knicks Wall, Philly Sports Network and Center Field Marist.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Reds swing surprise Gavin Lux trade with Dodgers
5 days ago
MLB rumors: Reds, Blue Jays showing interest in Nick Pivetta
2 weeks ago
Reds trade for Yankees catcher in 3-player deal
3 weeks ago
Terry Francona’s shocked reaction to Juan Soto’s bonkers Mets’ contract
1 month ago
MLB rumors: Reds become ‘threat’ in Garrett Crochet trade sweepstakes
1 month ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Reds emerge as ‘viable candidates’ to trade for Garrett Crochet
1 month ago
Check out Pete Rose’s amazing $467K car collection, with photos
1 month ago
Ranking the best Mike Trout trade destinations as rumors swirl
1 month ago
Reds’ Terry Francona reunites in Cincinnati with 2016 Guardians star
1 month ago
Reds, Royals swing Brady Singer, Jonathan India trade
1 month ago
Ranking best Jordan Montgomery trade destinations as rumors swirl
1 month ago
Nick Martinez make big decision on Reds’ qualifying offer
1 month ago
MLB Injury
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
×
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/reds-news-cincinnati-gets-mixed-bag-injury-update-on-matt-mcclain-jonathan-india 
 ----- 
