Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
D-backs call up No. 10 overall prospect Lawlar
Share
D-backs call up No. 10 overall prospect Lawlar
September 7th, 2023

Jesús Cano

@jesus_cano88
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

PHOENIX -- Jordan Lawlar is about to complete his rapid ascent to the Major Leagues.

The D-backs called up their top prospect from Triple-A Reno after their 12-5 victory over the Rockies on Wednesday afternoon. He will join the team in Chicago, where Arizona will play the Cubs in a crucial four-game series with major Wild Card implications.

D-backs manager Torey Lovullo made it clear that Lawlar isn’t just here to get a taste of the Majors; the skipper said the 21-year-old is coming up to help Arizona reach the playoffs for the first time since 2017.

“He'll be the starting shortstop,” Lovullo said. “And then I just want to inject him into the lineup when I can for the right matchup in the right situation.”

Lawlar was drafted sixth overall out of high school by the D-backs in the 2021 MLB Draft, when he was the No. 10 overall prospect. Scouts cited his advanced pitch recognition, plus speed and all-fields power. Lawlar slashed .278/.378/.496 with 20 homers and 36 steals between Double-A Amarillo and Triple-A Reno this season.

Rookie sensation Corbin Carroll had a wide grin when he found out about Lawlar’s promotion during a postgame interview, and the 2023 National League Rookie of the Year Award favorite had some words of advice for his new teammate.

“I think he just needs to come up here and be himself,” Carroll said. “I think he has a lot of resources here … a lot of veteran guys and then some young guys as well who share experiences with him. I think he's going to be in a great spot.”

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Kelly amped to share rotation with Burnes in '25

January 6th, 2025

What's on deck for the D-backs in 2025?

January 2nd, 2025

These rookies could win a Gold Glove in '25

November 7th, 2024

Here are the top prospects to follow in winter ball this year

October 25th, 2024

The D-backs made four corresponding moves in response. Nick Ahmed, Arizona's longest-tenured player, was designated for assignment, ending his 10 seasons with the club. Lovullo broke the news to Ahmed after the game.

“He left everything he could possibly have out there on this field.” Lovullo said. “He's had some unbelievable moments, it didn't end the way we wanted it to. My thought was to make him my first embrace when we clinched a playoff spot this year because of everything that he's been through, we've been through and this organization has been through. But we'll just put that on pause.

“That obviously hits me a little bit harder than some, but baseball's tough sometimes. But it happens and we've been a part of it, and we'll move on. He'll move on.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
Jordan Lawlar
You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jordan-lawlar-d-backs-prospect-callup 
 ----- 
