Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Liverpool
Liverpool Transfers: Salah To Receive Tempting Three-year Deal From Euro Giant, As Reds Ready £42m Bid For Hattrick Hero Replacement
Liverpool

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.liverpoolfc.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Salah to receive tempting three-year deal from Euro colossus, as Liverpool ready £42m bid for hattrick hero replacement
Steve Pearson
04 Oct 2024 9:17 AM

PSG are hovering over Mohamed Salah and Liverpool's replacement could come from Borussia Dortmund

Mohamed Salah is ready to snub interest from Saudi Arabia, though a report claims the Liverpool winger could still leave by signing with PSG who are ready to blow the Reds out of the water.

Salah, 32, is in the final year of his contract with Liverpool. The Egyptian remains a truly world class performer and interest in his signature should he leave Anfield will be widespread.

'It's my last year at the club' |...
Transfer Talk: Could Trent leave for...
Debates, wind-ups, zorb footie! | Carra...
Merson: Arsenal need to break the bank...
What is your team's manager looking for...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
Ange: Spurs 'working hard' to make...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
Colwill: Chelsea are out the title race...
'Contentious!' | EFL pundits pick their...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
<
>

By far the most talked about move is one to the Saudi Pro League. However, according to a fresh update from the Sun, Salah is set to snub the SPL. Explaining why, the report claimed Salah believes it is too early in his career for such a step down in quality while he remains at the peak of his powers.

But while that unquestionably represents good news for Liverpool, Arne Slot’s side aren’t out of the water just yet.

The Sun added French giant PSG are a genuine threat to the Reds and believe Salah has at least three years left at elite level. Accordingly, they’re said to be ready to tempt Salah with a three-year contract offer. While not explicitly stated, the inference was a three-year deal might be longer than what Liverpool are prepared to put on the table.

Furthermore, it was noted PSG will also be willing to stump up far higher wages than those Liverpool can put forward.

On the subject of who could take Salah’s place on the right wing, BILD now report Liverpool have entered the mix for Borussia Dortmund’s Karim Adeyemi.

The Reds are reportedly prepared to pay €50m (£42m / $55m) to sign the 22-year-old who scored a first-half hattrick in Dortmund’s 7-1 demolition of Celtic in the Champions League on Tuesday night.

Salah stance on PSG / Adeyemi, Kubo interest confirmed

In seemingly positive news for Liverpool, journalist Graeme Bailey has claimed Salah is unlikely to look favourably on a move to Paris.

Nonetheless, Liverpool fans cannot rest easy until such a day as Salah signs a new deal. Fabrizio Romano previously claimed Salah is open to hearing what Liverpool have to say.

Should Salah move on next summer, who would you like to replace him Liverpool fans? Let us know in the comments section below…

Ad

Regarding Adeyemi – who would only be signed if Salah departs – TEAMtalk exclusively broke news of Liverpool’s interest in the Dortmund star back on September 27.

Ad

Another left-footed right winger on their shortlist is Real Sociedad ace, Takefusa Kubo. The Japan international can be signed via a €60m (£50.3m / $66.2m) release clause. Kubo’s former club Real Madrid are in line to receive 50 percent of any sale.

GO DEEPER: Mo Salah replacement: SEVEN top-class attackers Liverpool could sign as contract D-Day looms

TAA to Real Madrid truths / Endo upgrade

In other news, Fabrizio Romano has confirmed Real Madrid are NOT in active negotiations for Trent Alexander-Arnold.

Like Salah as well as Virgil van Dijk, the right-back is in the final year of his deal at Anfield. Reports in Spain have claimed Real Madrid have initiated contact with the player’s camp, though Romano stressed there’s nothing concrete or advanced as yet.

Elsewhere, TBR Football state Liverpool have been granted the green light to seal the signing of Atalanta midfielder Ederson.

Content continues below

Ad

That comes on the back of Football Insider stating Liverpool are ready to offload Wataru Endo in January ahead of signing a midfield upgrade.

Finally, Liverpool’s No 1 transfer target over the summer, Martin Zubimendi, has broken his silence on rejecting Liverpool. That comes amid renewed speculation Zubimendi could soon sign with Manchester City on the back of losing Rodri to season-ending knee surgery.

Salah more than just a goal machine

Salah’s goalscoring exploits have been there for all to see, though what goes under the radar is the sheer volume of assists he provides.

Heading into the current campaign Salah had notched an eye-watering 89 assists for the Reds in just seven seasons. That equates to roughly 12.7 assists per year.

Liverpool’s all-time leading assister in the Premier League era is Steven Gerrard with 92. Salah currently sits just 19 behind on 73 EPL assists and has accrued that number in seven-plus seasons compared to Gerrard’s 17 seasons.

READ MORE: Mo Salah: Liverpool superstar’s most outrageous stats which show Slot why he’s simply irreplaceable

How many out of Alexander-Arnold, Salah and Van Dijk do you think will sign new Liverpool contracts?
All three
Two
Just one
None

Liverpool
PSG
Borussia Dortmund
Mohamed Salah
Karim Adeyemi
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Ciaran McCarthy
10 hours ago
Mo Salah wants to ‘do something special’ for Liverpool as latest hint he’ll ditch Anfield dropped

Salah has detailed his trophy ambitions before the Liverpool squad splits, with the need for another piece of silverware to cement the squad's legacy

Liverpool
Mohamed Salah
Richie Mills
13 hours ago
Tottenham handed January transfer advantage in Kolo Muani hunt

The 26-year-old could cut short his Paris Saint-Germain stay after just 18 months and now Premier League teams are circling for his signature

PSG
Randal Kolo Muani
Richie Mills
02 Jan 2025
Ornstein confirms Aston Villa talks for 107-goal attacker as Dortmund lay out transfer terms

Aston Villa are keen to strengthen their attack but Monchi is working hard to find the right transfer solution for Unai Emery's men

Aston Villa
Borussia Dortmund
Steve Pearson
02 Jan 2025
Tottenham reject signing of England int’l in January, with PSG outcast among three targeted instead

Spurs have rejected the chance to sign a versatile defender despite being offered the player and his club greenlighting an exit, with a report revealing the three stars they're targeting instead

Tottenham Hotspur
PSG
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
02 Jan 2025
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle target €50m Inter Milan star as possible Guimaraes replacement identified
8 hours ago
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
18 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
02 Jan 2025
Newcastle United
Pundits
Man Utd legend urges captaincy change, with ‘resilient’ man deserving of Bruno Fernandes’ title
9 hours ago
Manchester United
INEOS a ‘disgrace’ for creating ‘toxic’ Man Utd environment, with Ratcliffe labelled ‘economically tone-deaf’
10 hours ago
Manchester United
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
17 hours ago
1
Manchester United
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/liverpool/salah-to-receive-tempting-three-year-deal-psg-liverpool-ready-42m-bid-hattrick-hero-replacement 
 ----- 
