×
हिंदी
LATEST NEWS
LIVE SCORE
IND VS AUS
RESULTS
WEBSTORIES
CRICKET VIDEOS
SCHEDULE
PHOTOS
☰
Home News Pakistan vs South Africa Highlights, T20 WC 2022: PAK Stay Alive In Semis Race With 33-Run Win vs SA
Pakistan vs South Africa Highlights, T20 WC 2022: PAK Stay Alive In Semis Race With 33-Run Win vs SA
Highlights PAK vs SA, T20 World Cup: Pakistan kept their hopes alive to qualify for the semi-finals of the T20 World Cup 2022 with a 33-run win (DLS method) against South Africa at the SCG.

Written by CricketCountry Staff
Published: Nov 03, 2022, 06:13 PM (IST)
Edited: Nov 03, 2022, 06:19 PM (IST)

Highlights Score PAK vs SA T20 World Cup And Latest Match Updates: Shadab Khan produced a special all-round effort as Pakistan kept their semifinal hopes alive with a 33-run win over South Africa in a rain-curtailed T20 World Cup match here on Thursday. Shadab first led Pakistan’s strong batting display with a scintillating 22-ball 52, propelling them to 185 for nine after opting to bat.

Shaheen Shah Afridi (3/14) and Shadab (2/16) then blew away the South African top order as the Proteas could manage 108 for 9 in 14 overs. As per DLS method, South Africa were set a revised target of 142 runs in 14 overs after the rain interruption.

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 0.19%
Fullscreen

With the win, Pakistan (4 points) moved up to the third spot in group 2 While South Africa (5 points) continued to stay second behind leaders India (6 points). While Shaheen got rid of the dangerous Quinton de Kock (0) and Riley Rossouw (7), Shadab accounted for skipper Temba Bavuma (36) and Aiden Makram (20) before rain interrupted play. With South Africa needing 73 off five overs after rain cut short the game by six overs, Tristan Stubbs (18) and Heinrich Klaasen (15) came all guns blazing.

Under the pump, Klaasen slapped Shadab for a a four before hitting Shaheen for back-to-back boundaries through the cow corner and over mid off but couldn’t keep the antics going as the left-armer forced an inside edge to claim South Africa’s fifth wicket. South Africa missed the services of their ace batter David Miller who was ruled out due to an injury as the Proteas lost wickets at regular intervals in a bid to hit boundaries and sixes.

Earlier, Iftikhar Ahmed made 51 in 35 balls and anchored the innings after they were tottering at 43/4 in the seventh over. Shadab, who reached his half-century in 20 balls, struck four sixes and three fours in his whirlwind knock.

Opting to bat after winning the toss, Pakistan lost an early wicket in Mohammed Rizwan, who played on after being cramped for room by a Wayne Parnell delivery that nipped back just enough to create problems for the batter.

Drafted into the squad as a reinforcement for an injured Fakhar Zaman, Mohammad Haris came in at the fall of first wicket and immediately started finding the fence. With the help of three sixes and two fours, Haris smashed 28 off 11 balls. However, Haris was trapped in front of the wicket by Anrich Nortje after the batter shuffled across to play the ball through midwicket but failed to connect.

Haris reviewed but the decision stayed as Pakistan, from 38 for one, slipped to 43 for four in a span of two overs. The in-form Iftikhar, along with Mohammad Nawaz (28 off 22 balls), steadied the innings with a partnership of 52 runs for the fifth wicket before the latter was out lbw to left-arm wrist spinner Tabraiz Shamsi.

TRENDING NOW

Shadab joined Iftikhar and started accelerating straightway to prop up Pakistan in the back-10. Anrich Nortje was the most successful bowler for South Africa with figures of 4/41.

Tags:
Live Pak Vs SA
Live Scorecard PAK Vs SA
Pak Vs SA
PAK Vs SA Full Scorecard
Pakistan Vs South Africa
Pakistan Vs South Africa Live
SA Vs Pak
South Africa Vs Pakistan T20
T20 World Cup
MOST POPULAR SERIES
IND vs AUS, 3rd Test
PAK Vs England: IPL
Women ICC Match
EXPLORE MORE
About
Advertise with us
Contact us
Partnerships
Disclaimer
Terms of use
Cookies Policy
Privacy Policy
FOLLOW US
Instagram
Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Youtube

© 2023 Indiadotcom Digital. Private Limited. All Rights Reserved.

CricketCountry asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricketcountry.com/news/pakistan-vs-south-africa-highlights-t20-world-cup-2022-pak-beat-sa-live-streaming-hotstar-shadab-iftikhar-dls-score-142-rain-sydney-semifinal-qualification-live-news-1050755/ 
 ----- 
