Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
FANNATION
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Two Washington Nationals Rising Stars Accomplish Career Milestones
More good signs continue to come from this season for the Washington Nationals.
Brad Wakai | Sep 15, 2024
Sep 15, 2024; Washington, District of Columbia, USA; Washington Nationals starting pitcher MacKenzie Gore (1) throws a pitch against the Miami Marlins during the first inning at Nationals Park / Rafael Suanes-Imagn Images
In this story:
Washington Nationals

At this point, every Washington Nationals fan knows their favorite team won't be competing in the playoffs this season, but that doesn't mean there aren't reasons to continue watching.

The most important thing for this franchise with roughly two weeks left in the campaign is their young players continue to develop in the Majors and work on things that can take their game's to the next level.

On Sunday, two of their more prominent youngsters were able to hit career milestones that proves just how bright the future is for the Nationals.

First, MacKenzie Gore was handed the ball.

When he went out there to open the game, that was his 30th start of the season which put a punctuation mark on the continued rise his career has had since coming over as a featured return piece of the Juan Soto trade package.

Last year, Gore had a 4.42 ERA across his then-career high 27 starts and 136.1 innings pitched. He has taken the next step this season with a 4.17 ERA over 153.1 innings.

It will be imperative that he continues to get better for Washington as he projects to be the ace of this staff going forward, even with all the other youngsters in their rotation.

The Nationals could get aggressive and add an established top-of-the-line starter this winter, but based on how well the left-hander has performed during his time with the franchise, he will be in the mix her for a long time.

The other milestone achieved was by James Wood, who hit two homers in the same game for the first time in his Major League career.

Based on how well he as played already during his short time in the The Show, it was only a matter of time before the super talented outfielder would hit this mark among others that hitters are measured on.

Wood began the year as Washington's No. 1 overall prospect. He graduated from that status following his promotion on July 1, and it seems like he is going to hold onto a roster spot whenever he is healthy and available.

These feats are common in the MLB, but for two of their rising stars to achieve these two statistical categories on the same day just shows how bright the future is for the Nationals.

Published Sep 15, 2024
BRAD WAKAI

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/nationals/news/two-washington-nationals-rising-stars-accomplish-career-milestones 
 ----- 
