Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Bride a 'pleasant surprise' for the Marlins this year
Share
Bride a 'pleasant surprise' for the Marlins this year
September 16th, 2024

Melanie Martinez-Lopez

Share
;

10 SECONDS REMAINING

WASHINGTON -- Since the end of July, Jonah Bride has been at the center of the Marlins’ offensive action, getting base hits, slugging and driving in runs.

After the Trade Deadline, Miami bumped Bride up to the top half of the order -- usually Nos. 3 or 4. Only once since July 31 has Bride hit below fifth in the lineup, and for good reason.

Bride showed off his steady production batting fifth on Sunday in Miami’s 4-3 series-finale loss to Washington at Nationals Park, going 2-for-4 with a home run for his second straight multihit game.

“He's been taking some good at-bats, taking his walks when needed,” manager Skip Schumaker said. “He's doing pretty much everything. ... When he gets a chance, he takes it. He does it with a home run or tries to slug. That's why he's in the middle of the order.

"Gosh, he's got close to an .800 OPS. He's been great, and he's a pleasant surprise to the season. That was another good game by him. Unfortunately, just another loss.”

Over the four-game series, Bride went 5-for-16 with three RBIs, continuing his hot streak in the final month of the season, his first with the Marlins since he was acquired back in February. So far in September, Bride has slashed .298/.364/.468 (an .832 OPS) with a pair of home runs.

In his first time to the plate on Sunday, Bride was called out on strikes. He reached first base in his next at-bat via an error from Nationals shortstop Nasim Nuñez.

The third time was the charm for Bride. Leading off the seventh inning, he was the first to face Nats reliever Eduardo Salazar. Bride had seen Salazar earlier in the month when the Nationals were in Miami, so he used his reservoir of knowledge to his advantage.

“He's throwing like a bowling-ball sinker, so it's moving a lot,” Bride said. “The approach was just trying to get under him, he left one up, and it worked out.”

Bride swung and connected, sending the ball a Statcast-projected 401 feet into the visitors' bullpen in left-center field. The homer cut the Nationals' lead to 3-2 to keep the Marlins in the fight.

Miami made one last effort in the ninth, trailing 4-2 after James Wood homered in the bottom of the eighth inning.

And, of course, it was Bride who started the rally with a single into center field. Otto Lopez followed suit with another single as Bride moved over to third. Pinch-hitter David Hensley grounded out, as Bride scored the Marlins' final run.

Bride has hit safely in his 12 of his past 15 games and is batting .308 over the past week.

“It's a hard game and every day is new,” Bride said. “You got to run with the highs and sink with the lows, and they're all going to happen. So just trying to stay in a good headspace and keep running.”

Related
Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

Marlins lose Garrett for 2025 after left elbow surgery

January 9th, 2025

Marlins ride huge 4th inning to victory over Braves

August 5th, 2024

These 3 Marlins can seize the spotlight post-Deadline

August 4th, 2024

In matchup with NL goliath, A's take set in walk-off style

May 31st, 2023

It's been a long season for Bride, who opened the season with the Marlins before being optioned to Triple-A Jacksonville on April 4. He was recalled and optioned once more before he was called up on July 4 for good. Over his 75 games with the Jumbo Shrimp, Bride slashed .267/.409/.454 with 11 homers.

Since transitioning into an everyday player at the Deadline, Bride has embraced the role -- and carried his production with him.

“I'm very thankful for the opportunity given by Skip, the coaching staff and all the front office as well,” Bride said. “I've had a blast out here with these guys and getting to know everybody and grinding every day."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Jonah Bride

Melanie Martinez-Lopez is an MLB Digital Content Diversity Fellow based in Washington, D.C.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jonah-bride-home-run-marlins-lose 
 ----- 
