Skip to main content
HOME
WATCHLIST
FLASH SALE
$0.49/WEEK
Celtics celebrate 18th NBA title with banner, rings and call from Tatum: ‘Let’s do it again’
JIMMY GOLEN
BOSTON
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
PUBLISHED OCTOBER 22, 2024
UPDATED OCTOBER 23, 2024
Open this photo in gallery:

The Boston Celtics 2024 World Championship banner is raised prior to a game against the New York Knicks on Oct. 22, 2024, in Boston.
CHARLES KRUPA/THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

COMMENTS
SHARE
BOOKMARK
LISTEN TO THIS ARTICLE

After the Boston Celtics received their diamond-, emerald- and parquet-encrusted championship rings and before the franchise’s 18th banner was raised to the rafters, Jayson Tatum grabbed a microphone to say a few words to the geeked-up crowd.

“Enjoy this moment together,” he told the fans who filled the TD Garden for the first meaningful Celtics game since their Game 5 victory over Dallas in the NBA Finals clinched an unprecedented 18th title. “Let’s do it again.”

“I planned something to say, but I got caught up in the moment,” Tatum said after the Celtics beat the New York Knicks 132-109. “I was overwhelmed, and the emotions got the best of me. I know we’re not supposed to talk about repeating. But the fans were just so excited, I said `(expletive) it. Let’s do it again.”'

The Celtics then gathered where so many of their predecessors had and raised the “2024 World Champions” banner to the crowded rafters. Minutes later, they took the floor for the season opener against the New York Knicks and left no doubts whether they were still motivated to become the first Celtics team to repeat since Bill Russell and John Havlicek won the franchise’s 11th title in 13 years in 1969.

Tatum hit a 3-pointer in the first seconds, and Boston tied an NBA record with 29 3′s while opening a 35-point lead against the team that was supposed to be their top competition in the Eastern Conference.

“It was impressive to go from that, to that,” coach Joe Mazzulla said. “I was proud of the way they responded, from the ring ceremony to the game. The biggest thing I’m proud of was the mindset of the guys: They weren’t stuck in the past.”

The pregame ceremony nodded to the history of the league’s most-decorated franchise, with 96-year-old Bob Cousy, a six-time NBA champion, and 1981 Finals MVP Cedric Maxwell coming out to applause before Paul Pierce – accompanied by fellow 2008 champions Kevin Garnett and Ray Allen – brought out the 2024 trophy. It was placed on a table surrounded by the championship rings.

“It’s like a full-circle moment for them to come back, and share that moment with us, and pass the torch,” Tatum said. “I’m still a fan of those guys. I remember they’re part of my childhood. That was an incredible moment, dapping it up with them.

“KG was screaming in my ear, and it was like, `Man, I’m really talking to Kevin Garnett right now,”' he said. “I’ll never take those moments for granted. I think that is still cool, to be part of moments like that.”

Owner Wyc Grousbeck handed out the oversized rings, with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver congratulating the players as they walked out between the numbers of a giant, golden “18.” Mazzulla dropped to his knees to give the parquet floor a kiss before receiving his bauble.

“The parquet is blood, sweat and tears of the greats,” Mazzulla said. “I don’t get to go out there and dive on the floor for loose balls like I’d love to. Doing that was just a way to express the passion and gratitude that I have for our team, for the people who have come before and just what it means to be a Celtic.”

The centrepiece of the ring is a shamrock and “Celtics” against a field of emeralds. The top can be removed to reveal a piece of the famous floor, painted green and white with the 106-88 score of the June 17 clincher against the Mavericks. Also unveiled is an image of the championship banner, surrounded by the engraved numbers of each player on the roster.

The exterior of the ring is encircled with the years of the franchise’s 18 NBA titles. On one side is a depiction of the Larry O’Brien Trophy; on the other is the player’s name, number and the slogan “Whatever It Takes” on a background of the parquet pattern etched into the gold.

The outer bezel has 18 larger diamonds for the team’s 18 titles – one more than the archrival Lakers have won in Los Angeles and Minneapolis.

“When I got the ring, (I thought), `This thing is too big, I don’t know why it’s so big, and I’m never going to wear it. But it’s cool to have,” Mazzulla told reporters.

“I was more fascinated by the banner,” he said. “I come in here every afternoon and take a look at those. And they represent so much. And so the banner was a high note for me. The rafters have a life of their own in this building. So that moment was the coolest.”

The sold-out crowd arrived early to see the Celtics take the court in special warm-up jackets trimmed in gold, with 18 championship trophies embroidered on the sleeve. Some of the players paused their shooting to watch the video tracing their title journey, from the drafting of Jaylen Brown and Tatum through the acquisition of Jrue Holiday and Kristaps Porzingis.

Another video featured highlights of Havlicek and Russell winning titles in the 1950s and ‘60s through the pandemonium of the team’s victory parade last spring.

“When we won, at first I was in shock. But today our emotions kind of settled in like, `Nah, we did it. We did something spectacular,”' Brown said. “My name – alongside my teammates’ – is going to be etched down in Celtics history, which is one of the biggest franchises in not just basketball, in sports.

“You can never take that from anybody that was on that team last year.”

Sign up for our redesigned Morning Update newsletter.

Start your day with context and insight on the biggest stories shaping our lives, written by Danielle Groen

SIGN UP
EXPLORE NEWSLETTERS

Report an editorial error

Report a technical issue

Related stories
As NBA rolls out new all-star format, the stars taking a wait-and-see approach
NBA Cup semifinal matchups in Las Vegas: Thunder-Rockets, Bucks-Hawks
The NBA Cup is a shiny object to lure in the tired, bored and overwhelmed
CATHAL KELLY
READ OR POST COMMENTS
Follow related authors and topics
BASKETBALL
FOLLOW

Authors and topics you follow will be added to your personal news feed in Following.

Interact with The Globe
LATELY PODCAST
Lately is about navigating life in the new economy
Every Friday, we invite big thinkers and newsmakers to dive into the latest shifts and headlines in business and tech
LISTEN NOW
GLOBE TRAVEL
Uncover Spain, one story at a time
March 29 - April 5, 2025 | Join The Globe’s Nathan Vanderklippe and other Globe journalists on a captivating journey through the heart of Spain.
RESERVE NOW
RETIREMENT NEWSLETTER
Rethink retirement
Rethink retirement with this week’s top headlines and features
SIGN UP
SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED BUSINESSES
Indigenous Enterprises
Showcasing the entrepreneurs and innovators driving the new Indigenous economy
LEARN MORE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theglobeandmail.com/sports/basketball/article-celtics-celebrate-their-18th-nba-title-with-banner-raising-and-ring/ 
 ----- 
