Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Barcelona beat Real Madrid
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Australian Open 2025
SPORTS
Giants hit Musgrove hard, swat 4 total homers in a 7-6 win against the Padres
1 of 9 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Luis Matos celebrates after hitting a home run as San Diego Padres catcher Kyle Higashioka looks on during the fourth inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

2 of 9 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Curt Casali, center, celebrates with teammates in the dugout after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

3 of 9 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Luis Matos, right, celebrates with third base coach Matt Williams after hitting a home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

4 of 9 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Curt Casali, center, celebrates with teammates in the dugout after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

5 of 9 |  

San Diego Padres relief pitcher Alek Jacob works against a San Francisco Giants batter during the seventh inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

6 of 9 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Curt Casali rounds the bases after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

7 of 9 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Curt Casali celebrates after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

8 of 9 |  

San Francisco Giants first baseman Jerar Encarnacion, left, celebrates with left fielder Heliot Ramos after the Giants defeated the San Diego Padres 7-6 in a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

9 of 9 |  

San Diego Padres’ Xander Bogaerts celebrates after hitting a two-run home run during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

BY  BERNIE WILSON
Updated 12:32 AM UTC, September 9, 2024
Share

SAN DIEGO (AP) — Matt Chapman, Jerar Encarnacion and Luis Matos homered off Joe Musgrove in the six-run fourth inning and the San Francisco Giants held on to beat the San Diego Padres 7-6 on a hot, wild afternoon Sunday to take two of three games.

Curt Casili also connected for the Giants, who had a winning record (4-3) in San Diego for the first time since 2021 and took a 6-4 lead in the season series with three games to go in San Francisco.

The Padres, who have lost three of four, lead the race for the top NL wild card.

The Giants led 6-0 and 7-1 before some shoddy Giants defense and a bullpen meltdown let the Padres close to 7-6. They scored three runs in the seventh, one on a wild pitch by Tyler Rogers and two on an error by shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald, who collided with second baseman Marco Luciano and dropped Jurickson Profar’s popup that would have been the third out.

Xander Bogaerts then hit a two-run homer in the eighth.

Fitzgerald and Luciano exchanged words in the dugout before third base coach Matt Williams stepped between them.

“It’s bad communication,” manager Bob Melvin said. “It doesn’t matter whose fault it was. It’s unacceptable. It’s bad baseball. Our defense has to get better.”

RELATED STORIES
Willy Adames plans to play every day for San Francisco and bring the Giants championships
Merv Rettenmund, outfielder who won World Series titles with the Orioles and Reds, dies at 81
Dodgers announce 5-year contract with LHP Blake Snell

Melvin said that as shortstop, Fitzgerald “kind of has priority, but maybe went a little too far.”

Both players said it was miscommunication.

“I called it. He didn’t hear it me because obviously it was loud here,” Luciano said through an interpreter. “I did not hear him calling.”

Said Fitzgerald: “It wasn’t my ball. It’s my mistake. Hopefully going forward we’ll just scream as loud as we can.”

Fitzgerald said the two young players “just don’t have that connection right now in the middle where we’re communication on the same page. ... I’m not blaming it on him, but I’m trying to get across the point that we have to be louder because if I don’t hear anything I’m going to run over there and try to make the play.”

Erik Miller (4-5) got the win and Ryan Walker got a five-out save, his seventh.

Musgrove (5-5) was cruising after retiring the first 10 batters, including six strikeouts, before the next seven Giants batters had hits, with six of them scoring.

It started falling apart when Heliot Ramos’ fly ball dropped in just to the left of right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr. for a sun ball double. Tatis, who won the 2023 NL Gold Glove and Platinum Glove awards in his first season in right, wasn’t wearing sunglasses on the 90-degree (32 Celcius), bright afternoon and tried to shield his eyes with his arm. Chapman followed with a two-run homer to center, his 23rd.

“It got in the sun at the last second,” Tatis said. “Sunglasses, for me, are worse when you have the sun right on top of you because it just goes, like, way darker. ... I’ve played with sunglasses and without sunglasses, and it’s definitely better without them.”

Ramos didn’t run hard out of the box. “He got talked to about that,” Melvin said. “He said he’ll never do that again. He plays hard every single day. A fly ball to Tatis is typically an out. We did discuss here, too, that the sun in right field early in the game in a day game can be tough. He couldn’t be more apologetic.”

Michael Conforto and Tyler Fitzgerald singled ahead of Encarnacion, who homered to left, his third. Matos followed with a homer to left, his fifth, to make it 6-0.

Marco Luciano doubled before Musgrove got Casali to foul out and struck out rookie Grant McCray for the second time in the inning.

McCray was moved up from ninth to leadoff after homering twice and driving in five runs in Saturday night’s 6-3 win. On Sunday, he struck out three straight times, grounded out and then struck out a fourth time.

Musgrove allowed six runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings, struck out seven and walked one.

San Diego’s Jackson Merrill, who is pushing Pittsburgh’s Paul Skenes for the NL Rookie of the Year Award, homered off rookie Spencer Biven leading off the fifth. It was Merrill’s 23rd, tying Jedd Gyorko for third on the Padres’ all-time rookies list.

Bivens was pulled with one out in the fourth. He allowed one run and four hits, struck out three and walked three. The 30-year-old made his big league debut on June 16 and was making his second career start.

UP NEXT

Giants: Haven’t named a starter for Tuesday night’s opener of a three-game home series against Milwaukee.

Padres: Haven’t named a starter for Tuesday night’s opener of a two-game series at Seattle.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Alabama railroad operator says engineer didn't see 3 homeles...
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing de...
Pastrnak's goal in OT lifts Bruins over Panthers 4-3 and...
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump:...
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
Trump tax cuts, if made perman ent, stand to benefit highest...
At the very top of Republicans’ 100-day agenda with President-elect Donald...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Easier Diabetes Manag ement with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
An ex-Green Beret behind a failed Venezuela raid in 2020...
A former Green Beret behind a clandestine invasion of Venezuela in 2020 to try and...
AP News
Down 32, Pitt women tie NCAA Division I women's comeback...
Pittsburgh women’s coach Tory Verdi had a simple second-half message Sunday fo...
AP News
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Latest NFL season highlights fina ncial risks for sports betting...
It’s been a tough football season for sports books. FanDuel and its key rival DraftKin...
AP News
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom:Advertisement
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/giants-padres-score-a4e9e564ffffec9a6f0fc1dd62216817 
 ----- 
