MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
In-depth features and exclusive intel from the best newsroom in sports.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
‘Unacceptable’ spat between Giants rookies Tyler Fitzgerald, Marco Luciano reflects a lack of trust
By Andrew Baggarly
Sep 9, 2024

222

SAN DIEGO — San Francisco Giants shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald and second baseman Marco Luciano converged on the outfield grass. Then they converged again in the dugout.

The result was a dropped popup. Then raised voices in front of the bat rack. And third-base coach Matt Williams rushing in to separate the two rookies before a heated exchange escalated into something more.

The result also included a 7-6 victory Sunday afternoon at Petco Park and a series win over the San Diego Padres — just the Giants’ third road series victory all season against an opponent with a winning record. But the postgame clubhouse did not reflect that outcome. Instead, the Giants jetted home with a jarring reminder: They are playing a slew of rookies, including two inexperienced middle infielders who are still learning their positions at the major-league level. They are bound to make mistakes, and those mistakes might seem inescapable at times.

And handling frustration well is part of being a big leaguer, too.

“It’s bad communication,” Giants manager Bob Melvin said. “Doesn’t matter whose fault it was. It was bad communication. And it’s unacceptable. It’s just bad, bad baseball. We got to clean it (up). Our defense has to get better.”

The Giants did plenty of things right Sunday, too. Spencer Bivens pitched effectively into the fifth inning in a spot start. Matt Chapman hit a two-run home run, Jerar Encarnacion hit a three-run shot, and Luis Matos followed with a solo homer in a six-run fourth inning. After Camilo Doval served up a two-run home run to Xander Bogaerts and then issued a walk to put the tying run on base in the eighth, closer Ryan Walker once again performed like a rising star. Walker picked off a runner while recording a five-out save.

But the last thing Melvin wanted to do was push Walker, who was appearing in his 70th game. Or right-hander Tyler Rogers, who was making his major-league-most 71st appearance. For once, the Giants were coasting to a relatively stress-free victory that wouldn’t require the intercession of their two right-handed pack mules.

Then came the seventh inning. And what might rank as the worst defensive lapse in what’s been a checkered defensive season.

With two out and two runners in scoring position, Jurickson Profar lofted a popup to the right side. Luciano waved an arm but did not appear to call for it. Fitzgerald roamed well past second base and kept drifting when he didn’t hear Luciano’s voice. The two rookies collided, the ball clanked off Fitzgerald’s glove for an error and two runs scored.

That wasn’t the worst of it.

Immediately after the ball fell, Luciano made a face and put his hands on his hips. Fitzgerald stood in place as well. Neither infielder made any attempt to cover second base. Right fielder Luis Matos scooped up the ball and could do nothing as Profar hustled an extra 90 feet. Profar was stranded there one batter later. But the on-field optics were as bad as they get.

Then a dugout confrontation added to the apparent disarray.

Fitzgerald said he was trying to tell Luciano to be louder when he calls for the ball. Luciano did not appear to receive the comments well, and some part of his reaction could be understandable. Fitzgerald acknowledged that the play was his fault, that he drifted too far to the right side of the infield and the ball was Luciano’s to catch.

“I’ll start off — it wasn’t my ball,” Fitzgerald said. “It’s communicating. It goes back to high school and college and everything I’ve been taught in this game. Just communicating. If anything, you want to be on the loud side of things. We just don’t have that connection up the middle to where we’re communicating on the same page. But I’m not blaming it on him. I’m trying to get across the point that we have to be loud. If I don’t hear anything, I’m going to run over there and try to make a play.

“Again, it wasn’t my ball. It’s my mistake at the end of the day. Hopefully, going forward, we’ll just scream as loud as we possibly can.”

Fitzgerald said he watched video after the game and saw Luciano made hand signals. “But those are for the outfielders,” he said. “I’m looking at the ball the same time he is. When I don’t hear anything, I’m going to try to make a play. I’m not going to take a play for granted and assume someone else is gonna get it.”

Luciano said he did audibly call for the ball.

“Just miscommunication on both of our parts,” Luciano said. “He didn’t hear me because it was loud here at the stadium. I didn’t hear him calling.”

The two rookies agreed on one thing: The matter should’ve been handled in a less public setting.

“Some things built up and we went at each other a little bit,” said Fitzgerald, who planned to hash things out with Luciano a bit later. “It’s not the first time or the last time this’ll probably happen, being teammates. It’s what teammates do. But we probably should have done it in a more private setting. So that was my mistake.”

Some errors are physical. Some are mental. This one was neither. It mostly reflected the Giants in their current form: as a team giving exposure to young players who are still learning not only to trust themselves but to establish trust with one another. Fitzgerald probably doesn’t drift so far past second base on a popup if someone like Thairo Estrada is playing across the middle infield. But Luciano’s defensive foibles in the big leagues have been visible and damaging.

It’s even harder to build trust in yourself when you’re nowhere near gaining that trust from your teammates.

“It won’t happen again,” Fitzgerald said. “We’ll be better for it moving forward.”

Melvin agreed with Fitzgerald that the shortstop drifted too far for a ball that wasn’t his. The manager called it unacceptable for the two infielders to feud in a space where TV cameras could capture it. After a fourth follow-up question, asking if the team had moved past the incident, Melvin was ready to change the subject.

“I’ll handle it,” Melvin said. “We won. We can go on to that, too.”

Melvin also issued a light reprimand during the game to young outfielder Heliot Ramos, who didn’t hustle out of the batter’s box when Padres right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr. lost his fly ball in the bright sunshine. Ramos ended up with a double but might have taken third. But some mistakes are more understandable than others. And context matters, too.

“He said he’ll never do that again,” Melvin said of Ramos. “Look, he plays hard every single day. A fly ball to Tatis is typically an out, but we did discuss here that the sun in right field, especially early in a day game, can be tough. He couldn’t be more apologetic. He’s a guy who plays hard; he’s a great kid. He learns.”

In this trying season, even in the rarest of victories, the hard lessons never seem to end.

(Photo: Chadd Cady / USA Today)

Andrew Baggarly is a senior writer for The Athletic and covers the San Francisco Giants. He has covered Major League Baseball for more than two decades, including the Giants since 2004 for the Oakland Tribune, San Jose Mercury News and Comcast SportsNet Bay Area. He is the author of two books that document the most successful era in franchise history: “A Band of Misfits: Tales of the 2010 San Francisco Giants” and “Giant Splash: Bondsian Blasts, World Series Parades and Other Thrilling Moments By the Bay.” Follow Andrew on Twitter @extrabaggs

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5754704/2024/09/08/sf-giants-tyler-fitzgerald-marco-luciano-argument/ 
 ----- 
