Skip to content
Subscribe Now
48°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
Heated exchange between SF Giants’ rookie infielders overshadows series win vs. playoff-hopeful Padres
The Giants secured their first series win since the third week of August against the team with MLB’s best record since the All-Star break
SAN DIEGO, CA – SEPTEMBER 8: Brett Wisely #0 of the San Francisco Giants, Jerar Encarnacion #59 and Tyler Fitzgerald #49 celebrate after beating the San Diego Padres 7-6 on September 8, 2024 at Petco Park in San Diego, California. (Photo by Denis Poroy/Getty Images)
By EVAN WEBECK | ewebeck@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 9, 2024 at 5:04 AM PDT

SAN DIEGO — Nothing, it seems, comes simply to these Giants, especially not as they attempt to break in a group of young players they hope can morph into core contributors next year.

Not even their first series win since the third week of August, not even coming against the majors’ hottest team since the All-Star break, the San Diego Padres, not when their duo of rookie middle infielders let a pop up drop between them then had to be separated during a heated exchange in the dugout.

The Giants looked like they were on their way to a rout Sunday afternoon after their fourth homer of the game opened a 7-0 lead, but they needed Ryan Walker to record the final five outs to eke out a 7-6 win after Tyler Fitzgerald and Marco Luciano’s mistake allowed two runs to cross the plate in the seventh.

“At the end of the day, we played a great game besides that one pop up. I’m really excited about the win overall,” Fitzgerald said. “If that didn’t happen, then everybody’s super happy right now. Just don’t let that take away from how good the rest of the team played.”

Melvin called the play and what transpired afterward “unacceptable” and promised it wouldn’t happen again.

“It doesn’t matter whose fault it was. It was bad communication,” he said. “It’s just bad baseball. Our defense has to get better.”

The botched pop fly off the bat of Jurickson Profar would have been the third out of the seventh inning but instead allowed two runs to cross the plate, allowing San Diego to pull within one run when Xander Bogaerts took Camilo Doval deep the next inning.

It was hit in Luciano’s direction, to the right of second base, and he camped under the ball preparing to make the catch. Fitzgerald, however, encroached to his side of the bag and eventually interfered with Luciano while attempting to make his own play on the ball.

When it fell to the ground, neither player moved and right fielder Luis Matos had to pick up and throw it back to the infield.

San Diego Padres’ Luis Arraez scored on an error in the seventh inning against the San Francisco Giants at Petco Park on Sunday, September 8, 2024 in San Diego, CA. (K.C. Alfred / The San Diego Union-Tribune) 

“The way I see it is Fitzy probably went too far, probably because Marco didn’t call it,” Melvin said. “In a ballpark like this where maybe you can’t hear something, that’s where the indecision or Fitzy being the quarterback and the shortstop has priority, but maybe (he) went a little too far.”

Luciano said afterward that he did call for it, but Fitzgerald confirmed that with 43,000 screaming fans, he didn’t hear, and looking up at the ball, he didn’t see the second baseman signaling for it with his hands, either. Their miscommunication continued in the dugout after the inning, with the two players exchanging words until third base coach Matt Williams had to separate them.

“Just some things built up and we went at each other a little bit,” Fitzgerald said. “It’s not the first time or the last time this will probably happen. Being teammates, it’s just what teammates do. But we probably should have done it in a more private setting, so that was my mistake.”

“I agree with him,” Luciano said in Spanish through team interpreter Erwin Higueros. “I think it’s something that happens between teammates and I think we should have talked in private. … Everything was under control the whole time.”

It was a game full of learning experiences, as will be the case for many of their remaining 18 contests.

The starting lineup featured six players in their first or second big-league season, including Grant McCray, who was moved to the leadoff spot after homering twice and driving in five runs out of the nine hole in their 6-3 win Saturday night.

Following McCray was Heliot Ramos, who gave the Giants their first hit and started a streak of seven straight that led to six runs in the fourth inning against Joe Musgrove. But he needed a talking-to, too, after not hustling out of the box on his line drive to Fernando Tatis Jr. in right field.

Off the bat, it looked to be a routine lineout, but Tatis lost the ball in the sun and let it roll to the wall. Ramos made it to second and scored a batter later when Matt Chapman slugged the first of three home runs in the inning. Jerar Encarnacion added a three-run blast, and Luis Matos went back-to-back to make it 6-0.

San Francisco Giants’ Curt Casali, center, celebrates with teammates in the dugout after hitting a home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 8, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull) 

Curt Casali added a fourth home run — his first since Oct. 4, 2022 — in the sixth that proved to be consequential as the Padres clawed their way back.

“He said he’ll never do that again,” Melvin said of Ramos’ lackadaisical baserunning. “He plays every single day. He plays hard every single day. A fly ball to Tatis is typically an out. But we did discuss here, too, that the sun in right field in a day game can be tough. He couldn’t be more apologetic. He’s a a guy that plays hard, he’s a great kid, he learns.”

The misplay in the middle infield, a pair of walks from Taylor Rogers, a bases-loaded wild pitch from Tyler Rogers and the two-run home run served up by Doval after he surrendered a single to lead off the eighth forced Melvin’s hand to call on his closer with one out in the eighth.

Walker, whose 70th appearance trails only Tyler Rogers for the most in the majors and has logged the fifth-most innings of any reliever (72⅓), picked off the runner he inherited at first base and retired the next four hitters to end the game, earning his seventh save.

“At the most you want to use him for four outs,” Melvin said. “The pickoff was huge. There were several plays over the course of the game that were huge. That (pickoff) was enormous.”

Everybody was eager to shift focus away from their fielding debacle and on to the fact that they took two of three from the team that owns the best record in the majors since the All-Star break, even after the past two games. The series win was the Giants’ first since they took two of three from the White Sox in the third week of August. Dating back to Aug. 11, they had dropped 15 of 23 before prevailing the past two days.

Separated by just two games at the All-Star break, the Padres and Diamondbacks now are putting in their final preparations for the postseason while the Giants have already set their sights on 2025. Even after a closer-than-it-should-have-been win on a steamy Sunday afternoon, they trailed the Padres by 8½ games.

“For a good portion of the season, we were right there with them,” the Giants manager said earlier this weekend. “The difference is both those teams went on a run, and we weren’t able to do that. That can separate you really quickly.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report

Looking ahead to next year, Melvin continued, “There’s more work to be done. It’s certainly showed up here in the past month that there is going to be some work to be done next year. Significant, probably. … I think it’s encouraging that we were there for a while. It’s just gotten away from us a little bit. I don’t think we’re that far away going into next season, especially with some of the talent that we feel like we’re developing.”

Notable

The Giants improved to 6-4 against the Padres, clinching the season series for the first time since 2021.

Up next

The Giants are off Monday before beginning their penultimate home stand of the season against the Milwaukee Brewers. RHP Hayden Birdsong (3-5, 5.19) gets the ball Tuesday in the series opener (6:45 p.m.), followed by LHP Blake Snell (2-3, 3.62), while the final game of the series is listed as TBA.

Originally Published: September 8, 2024 at 4:00 PM PDT
Around the Web
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskenisia
25 Outdated Fashion Trends Old Women Still Wear
Definition
Neuropathy? Simple Household Item Helps the Sharp Pain Disappear
Wellness Gaze Nuero
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Ai Bot Flips Wall Street on Its Head: Turns $1k Into $50k in Record 30 Days
Best Trader
In South Carolina The Whole Courtroom Turns Pale When The Girl Says This
lawyersblvd
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Do This Once Daily, Your Hair Will Grow Like Crazy (Watch)
WG Hair Restore
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
10 Foods You Cannot Eat When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Want to Help Protect Your Savings? Read This Now
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Worst Foods for Diabetics That Should Be Avoided
Definition
Caitlin Clark And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
vetob
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Healthier Living Tips
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Diabetes? Do This to Lower Blood Sugar (Naturally)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Nail Fungus? Do This Immediately (Watch How)
WellnessGaze Derma
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Eat This Once (Daily) for Swollen Legs, Ankles and Feet
WellnessGaze Edema
Shrink Your Enlarged Prostate Without Surgery - Here's How
WellnessGaze Prostate
Nerve Pain May Become a Thing of The Past for People With Neuropathy
WellnessGaze Neuro
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Wrinkles? Forget Botox, Do This at Home
WellnessGaze Skin
Early Signs of AML Leukemia to Keep an Eye on (Learn Here)
Leukemia Treatment
New AC Without Outdoor Unit USA 2024 - Costs Almost Nothing!
Air Condition I Search Ads
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Searchable map: Houses destroyed in Los Angeles’ Palisades fire
Map: Palisades and Eaton fire perimeters and evacuation zones
Why is California’s wind blowing so hard in January?
From Oakland to Saratoga, Los Angeles infernos are a reminder of Bay Area’s wildfire vulnerability
Asking Eric: Our more modest gifts drew a distressing response
3.5 earthquake shakes East Bay
Why are there so many data centers in Santa Clara?
Former child star Rory Callum Sykes dies in L.A. wildfire after mother couldn’t save him
Inman: 10 reasons the 49ers could reach the Super Bowl at Levi’s Stadium in 2026
Asking Eric: My husband says I’m not to report our neighbors
24 dead as fire crews try to corral Los Angeles blazes before winds return this week
Could Donald Trump withhold wildfire aid from California?

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
Kurtenbach: That’s it? The SF Giants need to keep spending this offseason
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
2024
September
8
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/08/with-eye-to-the-future-sf-giants-take-series-from-playoff-hopeful-padres/ 
 ----- 
