Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago White Sox Lose Again, Continue Dubious March Toward History
The Chicago White Sox fought valiantly on Friday night, but still suffered a late loss against the San Diego Padres. With that, they have broken a tie with the 1916 Philadelphia Athletics.
Brady Farkas | Sep 21, 2024
Chicago White Sox first baseman Gavin Sheets (32) blows a bubble-gum bubble during the sixth inning against the San Diego Padres at Petco Park on Sept 20. / Orlando Ramirez-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago White Sox

The Chicago White Sox lost again on Friday night, this time to the San Diego Padres. The 3-2 loss in 10 innings came after the White Sox tied the game with two outs in the top of the ninth.

After yet another defeat, the White Sox are now 36-118. With three more losses in their final eight games, they'll own the most losses in a single-season in baseball history.

The only teams with more losses currently than the White Sox are the 2003 Tigers (119) and the 1962 New York Mets (120). Prior to the 1900s, the Cleveland Spiders lost 134 games in 1899, but the White Sox will own the most losses in the modern version of baseball.

It's been a colossal meltdown in Chicago, as the organization has massively regressed in every way. Just three years ago, the White Sox were in playoffs. But, poor player performance and a near-total teardown of the roster have led us to this place.

In just the last two years, the White Sox have traded Lucas Giolito, Lance Lynn, Joe Kelly, Reynaldo Lopez, Jake Burger, Gregory Santos, Aaron Bummer, Dylan Cease, Tommy Pham and Erick Fedde.

The White Sox will be back in action on Saturday night against the Padres with first pitch coming at 8:40 p.m. ET. Chris Flexen will get the ball for Chicago while Martin Perez pitches for the Padres.

The White Sox will finish the series with San Diego on Sunday before rounding out the season with the Los Angeles Angels and Detroit Tigers.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 21, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/chicago-white-sox-lose-again-on-friday-continue-dubious-march-toward-most-losses-in-modern-baseball-history 
 ----- 
