Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
nav_close_menu
Euro 2024
Schedule
Results
Rankings
FOOTBALL
EURO 2024
Euro 2024: Austria take down Poland to close on last 16

Austria, who reached the knockout phase at a major tournament for the first time since 1954 at Euro 2020, will be sure of going through if they defeat the Dutch on Tuesday.

Le Monde with AFP

Published on June 21, 2024, at 8:14 pm (Paris) 

2 min read

Austria boosted their hopes of reaching the Euro 2024 knockout rounds on Friday, June 21, as Marko Arnautovic scored in an impressive 3-1 win over Poland, for whom Robert Lewandowski only managed an ineffective substitute appearance.

Ralf Rangnick's Austria will likely secure qualification for the last 16 if they can avoid defeat in their final Group D game against the Netherlands on Tuesday.

Poland can no longer finish in the top two and almost certainly need to defeat France to have any chance of progressing as one of the four best third-placed teams.

Gernot Trauner headed Austria into a deserved early lead before Krzysztof Piatek, who had missed their opening loss to the Netherlands, equalised for Poland in the 30th minute.

Lewandowski was introduced for his first appearance of the tournament with half an hour remaining, but was a peripheral figure as Poland slipped to the brink of elimination.

Christoph Baumgartner put Austria back in front after a fine team move and an end-to-end game was killed off by Arnautovic's 78th-minute penalty.

Austria, who reached the knockout phase at a major tournament for the first time since 1954 at Euro 2020, will be sure of going through if they defeat the Dutch on Tuesday, who face France later Friday.

Lewandowski was not fit enough to start after suffering a thigh injury last week, despite Poland coach Michal Probierz saying he was hopeful the Barcelona striker would be able to play.

Fans from the two countries packed out the Olympiastadion. The Poland supporters who had made the short trip outnumbered their counterparts, but it was the wall of fans in red Austrian shirts who were bouncing up and down in celebration less than nine minutes in.

Their team started in dominant fashion and were rewarded with the lead when defender Trauner powered a header past Polish goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny after clever wing play from left-back Phillipp Mwene.

Poland grew into the contest, though, and Nicola Zalewski passed up a good opportunity to equalise when he blazed over.

The two most recent meetings between the teams, in Euro 2020 qualifying, produced only one goal. But an entertaining game this time was level just before the half-hour mark, as Piatek pounced to slot in from close range after Trauner blocked Jan Bednarek's shot.

Austria wasted an excellent chance to restore their advantage with a three-on-two attack, but Bednarek threw himself in the way of Marcel Sabitzer's effort.

Rangnick's side almost found themselves behind in first-half added time when goalkeeper Patrick Pentz was forced into a diving stop by Piotr Zielinski's free-kick.

Austria began the second half brightly, with Szczesny holding Stefan Posch's header.

A huge roar went up around the stadium as Lewandowski made his entrance in the 60th minute. His only involvement of note was to pick up a yellow card shortly after coming on for catching Philipp Lienhart in the face with his elbow.

Austria moved back ahead with a wonderfully-worked goal in the 66th minute.

Arnautovic dummied substitute Alexander Prass' incisive pass and Baumgartner took a touch and coolly placed the ball into the bottom corner.

Austria could have wrapped up the three points with 15 minutes left when Patrick Wimmer's low strike was pushed to safety by the increasingly busy Szczesny.

But the third goal arrived shortly afterwards as Arnautovic calmly put away a penalty after Sabitzer bore down on goal and was felled by Szczesny.

Austria threatened to make the final scoreline embarrassing for Poland, with Szczesny making a brilliant fingertip stop from Posch's long-range drive.

The Poles were suddenly a shambles and Konrad Laimer dribbled a shot wide of an open goal after rounding Sczcesny, but even that miss could not take the gloss off Austria's third win at a major tournament in 34 years.

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/football/article/2024/06/21/euro-2024-austria-take-down-poland-to-close-on-last-16_6675400_130.html 
 ----- 
