 
HOME
LATEST
CRICKET▼
FOOTBALL▼
HOCKEY
OFF BEAT ▼
DIGITAL
OTHER SPORTS ▼
International
T20 World Cup: Pakistani-born Uganda star Riazat Ali Shah dreaming big for his team
This is the first time Uganda will be participating in T20 World Cup
By Web Desk June 03, 2024
Riazat Ali Shah of Uganda - ICC

Riazat Ali Shah, born and raised in Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan, began his career while playing for Islamabad and Gilgit Baltistan U19s at the domestic level and is set to leave an impact for Uganda at the T20 World Cup 2024.


Riazat understands the opportunity he has been granted as no player from Gilgit-Baltistan has played cricket at this international level.

“It means a lot to me, especially considering where I have come from. Like, no one from Gilgit-Baltistan has played at this level of cricket. This is the biggest stage of cricket and personally, it was a dream for me – to play a World Cup. Plus, here, it was the dream for everyone for a very long time and achieving it was a dream come true,” Riazat said. 

Riazat played his first international match while representing Uganda back in 2019 and will now start the World Cup as vice-captain of the team. The all-rounder is eager to show his skills against the big teams.

“If you are going to the World Cup, you need to win every game. As a team, we wish to do well and show the world the talent we have on our side. I am keen to show the world what I can do with my all-round skills and perform well against the big teams," he added.

“Whenever I come to the ground, I just want to be the best and be different from others so that opposition teams are like, ‘This is the guy who we want to watch out for’. Whenever I play, I want to be up there, always.”

Other than producing outshining performances for Uganda, Riazat has another aim that he wishes to gain in this T20 World Cup and it is to meet India’s superstar Virat Kohli during the tournament.

“If presented a chance, he [Virat Kohli] is the only person I wish to meet in the World Cup. His work ethic, discipline – it’s right up there at the top. I want to learn how he maintains discipline and focus towards his cricket. The one thing I really admire about Virat is, how he’s never lost focus at any stage of his playing career,” the all-rounder said.

This T20 World Cup is set to be the biggest in the tournament’s history as it is the first time 20 teams are participating. This also means Uganda will have a lot of competition in their first-ever mega event.

Uganda will begin their T20 World Cup journey on June 3 against Afghanistan in Guyana. They will then play against New Zealand, PNG and West Indies.

Uganda is grouped with New Zealand, Papua New Guinea (PNG), Afghanistan and the co-hosts West Indies in the group C of the tournament.

Uganda squad for T20 World Cup:

Brian Masaba (c), Simon Ssesazi, Roger Mukasa, Cosmas Kyewuta, Dinesh Nakrani, Fred Achelam, Kenneth Waiswa, Alpesh Ramjani, Frank Nsubuga, Henry Ssenyondo, Bilal Hassun, Robinson Obuya, Riazat Ali Shah (vc), Juma Miyaji, Ronak Patel.

Uganda schedule for T20 World Cup:

3 June 2024 – Uganda v Afghanistan, Guyana.

5 June 2024 – Uganda v Papua New Guinea, Guyana.

8 June 2024 – Uganda v West Indies, Guyana.

14 June 2024 – Uganda v New Zealand, Trinidad.

  
Comments
LATEST NEWS
Australian media dubs Rohit Sharma ‘captain cry-baby’
Record-setting Afghanistan settle for draw against Zimbabwe
Ravi Shastri predicts Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli's future in Tests
Rohit calls India’s collapse ‘mentally disturbing’ after Melbourne Test defeat
MORE FROM INTERNATIONAL
Can India still qualify for WTC final after Melbourne Test defeat?
Australia suffer injury blow ahead of fifth Test against India
Jasprit Bumrah achieves historic feat during fourth Test against Australia
Lyon frustrates India after Labuschagne, Cummins recover Australia
Gutsy Reddy scores maiden century to bring India back in Boxing Day Test
Smith’s ton, late wickets keep Australia on top in fourth India Test
Australian media calls Virat Kohli ‘clown’ for shoulder-bumping Sam Konstas
Irfan Pathan slams Virat Kohli over altercation with Konstas

Copyright © 2025. GEO SUPER, All Rights Reserved

About Us
|
Conatct Us
   
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.geosuper.tv/latest/36712-t20-world-cup-pakistani-born-uganda-star-riazat-ali-shah-dreaming-big-for-his-team 
 ----- 
