CRICKET IPL AUCTION FOOTBALL CHESS SHORTS
Magazine
Buy Print
Login
Subscribe
HOME
FOOTBALL
INDIAN FOOTBALL
Intercontinental Cup 2024: All you need to know, preview, full squad, schedule, format, team news
India is the most successful team at the Intercontinental Cup, having won the first and latest editions of the tournament, in 2019 and 2023, respectively.

Published : Sep 03, 2024 08:00 IST , CHENNAI - 3 MINS READ

TEAM SPORTSTAR

COMMENTS

FOLLOW US

SHARE

READ LATER

The Indian football team during a training session on the eve of their opening match of the Intercontinental Cup 2024 against Mauritius in Hyderabad. | Photo Credit: AIFF Media

The Indian football team, in the first half of 2024, has undergone significant changes – a new coach in Manolo Marquez and a team without its record goalscorer Sunil Chhetri (as an active international footballer) for the first time in nearly two decades.

FOLLOW India vs Mauritius LIVE here.

On Tuesday, September 3, it will test the waters against Mauritius, a country 55 spots below it in the first match of the Intercontinental Cup 2024, at the G. M. C. Balayogi Athletic Stadium in Hyderabad.

The land of Nizams also once belonged to Manolo Marquez, who had donned the colours of Indian Super League (ISL) side Hyderabad FC as its head coach.

Manolo Marquez celebrates winning the ISL Final with Hyderabad FC in 2022. | Photo Credit: ISL Media

Marquez won the ISL title with Hyderabad in 2022. “I am very excited. It’s special to play the first game here in Hyderabad. It feels like a new stadium now with the new facilities here,” said Márquez at the pre-match press conference on Monday.

The world has gone a long way since. Marquez moved to FC Goa, Hyderabad FC plunged into a severe financial crisis before getting a new owner and now, the gaffer will take the pitch with the hopes of a larger fanbase – of over a billion people.

RELATED: Intercontinental Cup: Manolo Marquez unworried about lack of training sessions ahead of first India game

Which edition of Intercontinental Cup is this?

This is the fourth edition of the Intercontinental Cup, with the previous editions being played in 2018, 2019 and 2023.

Who is the most successful team at the Intercontinental Cup?

India is the most successful team at the Intercontinental Cup, having won the first and latest editions of the tournament. In 2019, it beat Kenya 2-0 in the final while last year, it pipped Lebanon 2-0 to win the trophy.

The Indian men’s football team celebrate winning the Intercontinental Cup at the Kalinga Stadium in 2023. | Photo Credit: Biswaranjan Rout/The Hindu

Who is India playing at the Intercontinental Cup 2024?

India will play Mauritius and Syria at the Intercontinental Cup 2024 in Hyderabad. While the Blue Tigers have played Mauritius just once, seven years ago, their tryst with Syria is much more recent.

Syria played India in their final group stage match at the AFC Asian Cup 2023, earlier this year, with the former having the last laugh with a one-goal win to sail into the knockouts. A shot at redemption, on a much lower scale, might be on the horizon between the two.

Subhasish Bose of India looks dejected after the team’s defeat in the AFC Asian Cup Group B match between Syria and India at Al Bayt Stadium. | Photo Credit: Getty Images

Intercontinental Cup teams
India – FIFA Ranking: 124
Syria – FIFA Ranking: 93
Mauritius – FIFA Ranking: 179
What is the format of Intercontinental Cup 2024?

The Intercontinental Cup 2024 will be played in a round-robin format with each team playing each other once and the team with the highest points winning the title.

ALSO READ: Marquez hopes for happy homecoming as India kicks off campaign against underdog Mauritius

What is the Intercontinental Cup 2024 schedule?

Following the schedule of Intercontinental Cup 2024:

September 3, 2024 – India v Mauritius – 7:30 pm
September 6, 2024 – Mauritius v Syria – 7:30 pm
September 9, 2024 – India v Syria – 7:30 pm
Full squads of participating teams
India
Goalkeepers: Gurpreet Singh, Amrinder Singh, Prabhsukhan Singh Gill.
Defenders: Nikhil Poojary, Rahul Bheke, Chinglensana Singh Konsham, Roshan Singh Naorem, Anwar Ali, Jay Gupta, Asish Rai, Subhasish Bose, Mehtab Singh.
Midfielders: Suresh Singh Wangjam, Jeakson Singh, Nandhakumar Sekar, Naorem Mahesh Singh, Lalengmawia Ralte, Anirudh Thapa, Sahal Abdul Samad, Lallianzuala Chhangte, Lalthathanga Khawlhring.
Forwards: Kiyan Nassiri Giri, Edmund Lalrindika, Manvir Singh, Liston Colaco.
Mauritius
Goalkeepers: Kevin Jean Louis, Jininio Dardon, Dorian Chiotti
Defenders: Jordan Francois, Emmanuel Vincent, Linsay Rose, Dylan Collard, Brandon Citorah, Wilson Mootoo, Adriano Casimir, Bradley Antoin
Midfielders: Jeremy Villeneuve, Adel Langue, Yannick Aristide, Linley Rita, Adrien Botlar, Gabriel Calliste, Desire Patate,
Forwards: Jason Ferré, Aurelien Francois, Adrien Francois, Quentin Lalsingh, A Yia
Syria
Goalkeepers: Ahmad Madania, Esteban Glellel, Elias Hadaya
Defenders: Thaer Krouma, Emiliano Amor, Aiham Ousou, Omar Midani, Ali Al Rina, Ahmed Faqa, Khaled Kourdoghli, Moayad Ajan, Muayad Al Khouli.
Midfielders: Mohammad Al Marmour, Mohammed Osman, Elmar Abraham, Noah Shamoun, Dahelo Irandust
Forwards: Alaa Al Dali, Mahmoud Al Aswad, Mohamad Al Hallak, Mustafa Abdullatif, Mahmoud Al-Mawas, Pablo Sabbag
Where is the Intercontinental Cup 2024?

The Intercontinental Cup 2024 will be played at the GMC Balayogi Stadium, formerly known as Gachibowli Athletic Stadium in Hyderabad. All matches will kick off at 7:30 pm IST.

General view of the GMC Balayogii Stadium in Hyderabad, which is the home venue of the Indian Super League side Hyderabad FC. | Photo Credit: ISL Media

The stadium has been renovated with floodlights and box seats and will have a capacity of 30,000 people.

What is the match-ball used at Intercontinental Cup 2024?

The Intercontinental Cup 2024 will use Nivia Astra-32, the ball which was also used in the previous edition of the tournament, in Bhubaneswar, Odisha.

Where to watch Intercontinental Cup 2024?

The Intercontinental Cup 2024 will be broadcast live on Sports18 SD and HD. It will also be live-streamed on JioCinema.

Moreover, real-time live updates of the Intercontinental Cup can be followed on the Sportstar website.

COMMENTS

Related Topics

Intercontinental Cup / 

Sunil Chhetri / 

Manolo Marquez

READ THE LATEST ISSUE
India tour of Australia 2024-25: A generation’s last stand
DHRUVA PRASAD,PRANAY RAJIV
Sunil Gavaskar: When it comes to the BCCI and Indian cricket, the knives have to be out
SUNIL GAVASKAR
+ SEE ALL STORIES
More on Indian Football
Sunil Chhetri becomes first player to score against all ISL clubs
Team Sportstar
ISL 2024-25: Kerala Blasters keen to use same winning strategy against Goa
Stan Rayan
ISL 2024-25 highlights: Mohammedan SC vs Bengaluru FC; Chhetri penalty, Ogier own goal make it BFC 1-2 MSC
Team Sportstar
ISL 2024-25: Majcen powers Punjab FC to 3-0 win over Mumbai City FC
Team Sportstar
ISL 2024-25: Underperforming Mohammedan faces uphill task at home against Bengaluru
Y. B. Sarangi
READ MORE STORIES
Latest on Sportstar
Pro Kabaddi League LIVE Score, PKL 2024: Bengal Warriorz vs Gujarat Titans in action; Haryana Steelers exacts revenge over Puneri Paltans
Team Sportstar
Syed Modi International 2024: Sindhu, Lakshya through to second round
Team Sportstar
Luis Suarez signs to stay with Messi and Inter Miami for 2025 season
AP
Premier League 2024-25: Postecoglou backs Forster to step up after Vicario undergoes ankle surgery
Reuters
ISL 2024-25 Golden Boot race: Alaeddine Ajaraie cements lead on top, Chhetri in 8th place; Luka Majcen enters top six
Team Sportstar
READ MORE STORIES
Sportstar
About us
Archives
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Student Access
Corporate/Enterprise Access
Rss Feeds
Contact Us
Careers
Group News Sites
The Hindu
Business LIne
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre for Politics and Public Policy
Young World Club
The Hindu E-Paper
BusinessLine E-Paper
Crossword+ "Free Games"
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Special Publications
Popular Sections
Cricket World Cup 2023
IPL 2024
Cricket
Football
Tennis
WTC
F1
Basketball
Trending on Sportstar
D. Gukesh vs Ding Liren, World Chess Championship LIVE Updates, Game 3 
World Chess Championship 2024 LIVE Updates, Game 2 
Chess 
IPL 2025 Auction 
Pro Kabaddi League 
Cricket News 
Football News 
Trending on Group sites
Maharashtra election results 2024 LIVE updates 
News 
Stock Market Live Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey 
Explore Frontline Packages 
Stock Market Top Losers Today 
Stock Market Top Gainers Today 
Putting Muslims in their place? 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
TERMS OF USE
 
PRIVACY POLICY
Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportstar.thehindu.com/football/indian-football/intercontinental-cup-2024-teams-india-preview-full-squad-schedule-format-indian-football-updates/article68598756.ece 
 ----- 
