MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
All the adrenaline.
All the expertise.
All the savings.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Rays draw smallest MLB postseason crowd since 1919 in loss to Rangers
By Tyler Kepner and The Athletic Staff
Oct 3, 2023

848

Just 19,704 fans were at Tropicana Field to watch the Tampa Bay Rays fall to the Texas Rangers 4-0 in Game 1 of the American League Wild Card Series. Here’s what you need to know:

The last time a postseason game drew so few fans (in a non-COVID year) was Game 7 of the 1919 World Series, a best-of-nine series involving the Chicago White Sox and Cincinnati Reds. That series is infamous for the betting scandal that led to the lifetime bans of eight members of the White Sox (including pitcher Eddie Cicotte, who tossed a complete-game victory that afternoon at Redland Field).
Tuesday’s game began at 3 p.m. ET, and those who came did not get a good show from the home team. Tampa Bay played sloppily in its sixth straight postseason loss, recording four errors and managing just one extra-base hit despite an all-right-handed lineup against Texas lefty Jordan Montgomery. Rays starter Tyler Glasnow worked into the sixth inning, walking five and allowing a run-scoring wild pitch.
Game 2 will be played in St. Petersburg on Wednesday at 3 p.m. ET. With one more loss, the Rays’ season will end before the divisional round for the second year in a row.
How Tuesday’s game compared to other Rays’ games this year

The Rays had 31 regular-season crowds larger than Tuesday’s, but it was, at least, a bigger crowd than usual. The Rays averaged 17,781 fans per game this season, their highest average attendance (in a season not impacted by Covid) since 2014. They ranked 27th among baseball’s 30 teams in attendance this season, ahead of the Kansas City Royals, Miami Marlins and Oakland A’s. — Kepner

Read more: As Rays are swept off the field, their empty seats hint at a much bigger problem

Tampa Bay’s ongoing crowd struggles

This is the Rays’ ninth postseason appearance in the last 16 seasons, yet the team has always struggled to draw fans to its ballpark, which has the only roof in MLB that does not retract. Even so, it’s a quirky, fun place to watch a game — actual rays swim in a tank above the center field wall — but its location in St. Petersburg makes it a chore for many fans on the Tampa side of the Bay to attend a game. The team hopes to build a new ballpark, but it would also be located in St. Petersburg. — Kepner

What happened in 1919?

According to the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR), Game 7 of the 1919 World Series drew only 13,923 fans because the Reds required fans to buy tickets in three-game blocks, and Game 7 was their fourth home game of the series. Along with a miscommunication regarding the individual ticket sales for Game 7, there were also long lines at the Reds’ ticket office that turned away the crowds.

What they’re saying

“The (fans) that were there made it pretty loud, I feel like,” Rays shortstop Taylor Walls said. “It’s always nice when the seats are full, but at the same time, the people that did come showed up and showed out. Hopefully tomorrow we can pack it in a little bit more and the atmosphere will be what it was today or a little bit better.”

Required reading
2023 MLB futures odds: Braves, Dodgers top favorites to win World Series ahead of start of playoffs
MLB playoffs start today. Here’s what you need to know

(Photo: Mike Carlson / MLB Photos via Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4927303/2023/10/03/tampa-bay-rays-tropicana-field-low-attendance-texas-rangers/ 
 ----- 
