Skip to content
  
Home
NBA
NFL
MLB
UFC
oh la la
NFL Fantasy
NBA Fantasy
MLB Fantasy
Odds
Futures
Props
PGA
College Football
College Basketball
NHL
Who is Hallie Aiono, Girlfriend Of Puka Nacua? His Parents, Family, Salary, Net Worth And Jersey
Posted on October 2, 2023 by Alexa Connes

Wide receiver with the Los Angeles Rams in the National Football League, Puka Nacua. Both Washington and BYU were his collegiate football teams.

Washington was where Nacua started his college career. In the first eight games of his rookie season, he caught seven passes for 168 yards and two touchdowns while still active before breaking his foot. The 2020 season, which was cut short by COVID-19, saw nine receptions by Nacua for 151 yards and one touchdown in three games. He entered the NCAA transfer portal following the season’s conclusion.

For the 2021 season, Nacua enrolled at BYU. He hauled in 40 passes for 805 yards and six scores in his rookie campaign with the organization.

Nacua was chosen by the Los Angeles Rams in the fifth round, 177th overall, of the 2023 NFL Draft.

Puka Nacua Girlfriend

Everyone wants to know Puka’s relationship status because he is such a young and gifted football player. In light of this, allow us to inform you that he is dating his stunning girlfriend Hallie Aiono. Hallie is the sister of YouTuber Alex Aiono and has gained much attention after her relationship with the player.

Although the exact date that this lovely pair began dating is unknown, it may be assumed that they only recently began their lovely relationship. Hallie is an understanding girlfriend who constantly stands by her guy in both on- and off-the-field situations. They frequently shared a great deal of time together and traveled to new locations together.

According to their Instagram posts, the couple made things official to their fans some 1 or 1.5 years back. Anyway, Let’s hope they will reveal all the details soon.

Puka Nacua Parents and Family

 

Puka was born on May 29, 2001, in Provo, Utah, United States to parents Lionel Nacua, and Penina Nacua. He is very close to his parents his parents are also very supportive and always support him in his big decisions. They always motivated him to pursue his dreams and become a football player.

Puka is not the only child of the family as he has 3 siblings, Kai Nacua, Samson Nacua, and Isaiah Nacua. Samson, Nacua’s older brother, is a wide receiver who went to BYU from the University of Utah at the same time that Puka did from Washington. Samson plays wide receiver.

Samson played for the Indianapolis Colts for a while after going undrafted. In the NFL and at BYU, another elder brother Kai played defensive back. In the United States Football League (USFL), he is now a player with the Michigan Panthers.

Puka Nacua Salary and Net Worth

With a $750,000 base salary, a $244,976 signing bonus, a $811,244 cap hit, and a $244,976 dead cap value, Puka makes $750,000 per year. His net worth is somewhere between $1 million to $5 million.

Puka Nacua Jersey

Puka is currently playing as a wide receiver with the Rams and wears jersey number 17 with them.

More News
NBC Really Got The Chance On Taylor Swift And Brittany Mahomes To Call Them Out. Know The Whole Story
Dating An NBA Guy Would Be Tough For The Cavinder Twins. Know What They Have To Say About I
 
THE ULTIMATE MOBILE SPORTS EXPERIENCE

All team logos are the copyright of their respective teams and Yebscore LLC does not in any way claim to own them.

YebScore LLC
Private Policy
Terms
Contact us.
Follow Us
 
 

© copyright 2022 | Yebscore

We use cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies.
Got it!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://yebscore.com/news/who-is-hallie-aiono-girlfriend-of-puka-nacua-his-parents-family-salary-net-worth-and-jersey/ 
 ----- 
