SIGN IN

SPORT | FOOTBALL

Cape Verde vs Mauritania LIVE! AFCON result, match stream and latest updates today
Cape Verde continued their AFCON run after a late winner from their captain
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
 
MATT VERRI
29 JANUARY 2024

Cape Verde vs Mauritania - LIVE!

Ryan Mendes' late penalty gave Cape Verde a dramatic 1-0 win over Mauritania and booked their place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations. The Blue Sharks went into the last-16 clash as favourites, having gone unbeaten on their way to the knockout stages as they topped Group B ahead of Egypt and Ghana. Mauritania, meanwhile, had edged through after stunning Algeria in their final group-stage game, for what was their first ever win at the tournament.

It was a tight affair for much of this match, with Mauritania competing in their first AFCON knockout game, and for 87 minutes it looked as though extra-time would be required to split them.

One mistake was all it took though, as Yassin El Welly tried to head the ball back to his goalkeeper and instead nodded it perfectly into the path of Gilson Benchimol. The Cape Verde forward went round Babacar Niasse and was brought down, the referee wasting no time in pointing to the spot. Captain Mendes stepped up and lashed his penalty straight down the middle, before Cape Verde survived ten minutes of stoppage-time to set up a quarter-final against either Morocco or South Africa.

Cape Verde vs Mauritania latest news

GOAL! Mendes puts Cape Verde in front with late penalty
HT: Goalless after 45 minutes

Live updates

29 JANUARY 2024
Thanks for following!

Ryan Mendes' late penalty gave Cape Verde a dramatic 1-0 win over Mauritania and booked their place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations.

It was a tight affair for much of this match, with Mauritania competing in their first AFCON knockout game, and for 87 minutes it looked as though extra-time would be required to split them.

One mistake was all it took though, as Yassin El Welly tried to head the ball back to his goalkeeper and instead nodded it perfectly into the path of Gilson Benchimol.

The Cape Verde forward went round Babacar Niasse and was brought down, the referee wasting no time in pointing to the spot.

Captain Mendes stepped up and lashed his penalty straight down the middle, before Cape Verde survived ten minutes of stoppage-time to set up a quarter-final against either Morocco or South Africa.

Read our full report here!

AFP VIA GETTY IMAGES
29 JANUARY 2024
How Cape Verde won it...

A cruel end to a brilliant AFCON run for Mauritania.

29 JANUARY 2024
FT: Cape Verde 1-0 Mauritania

Cape Verde have done it!

They are through to the quarter-finals, Ryan Mendes' penalty is enough for victory.

Mauritania were so impressive for so long, but one mistake was all it took.

AFP VIA GETTY IMAGES
29 JANUARY 2024
Cape Verde 1-0 Mauritania

90+9 mins: Gilson standing on the halfway line, waiting for a Cape Verde counter.

It comes to him out wide, but he makes a mess of controlling it.

29 JANUARY 2024
Cape Verde 1-0 Mauritania

90+6 mins: Well then. Free-kick in a brilliant position for Mauritania.

Whipped well wide, bounces off the board and back onto the net, which fools most people inside the ground. Celebrations swiftly cut short though.

29 JANUARY 2024
Cape Verde 1-0 Mauritania

90+3 mins: Another corner for Cape Verde, they're in no rush to take it.

Just ticking the minutes away, Mauritania can't get out of their own half.

29 JANUARY 2024
Cape Verde 1-0 Mauritania

90 mins: Mendes hammered that spot-kick down the middle, no messing around.

TEN minutes added on! Not done yet...

29 JANUARY 2024
GOAL! Cape Verde 1-0 Mauritania | Ryan Mendes 88'

CAPE VERDE IN FRONT!

Mendes steps up to the penalty spot and he makes no mistake.

29 JANUARY 2024
PENALTY CAPE VERDE!

Disaster for Mauritania!

Elwely tried to head the ball back to his goalkeeper, instead lays it on a plate for Gilson. He goes round Niasse and is cleaned out.

29 JANUARY 2024
Cape Verde 0-0 Mauritania

85 mins: Cabral is coming off for Cape Verde, with Gilson introduced.

Looking more and more likely that this match will be heading into an extra 30 minutes...

LATEST
OLDER

MORE ABOUT

CAPE VERDE
MAURITANIA
AFCON
AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

Comments are currently unavailable

Recommended by
NEWS
SPORT
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
CULTURE
GOING OUT
HOMES & PROPERTY
COMMENT
The London Standard
Archive
All Topics
All Authors
Newsletters
Terms of use
Contact Us
Modern Slavery Act
Syndication
Privacy Notice
Privacy Options
Cookie Policy
Code of conduct and complaints
Advertisers
Promotion Rules
Contributors
London Live
The Independent
The Independent US
indy100
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.standard.co.uk/sport/football/cape-verde-vs-mauritania-live-stream-afcon-2024-latest-score-result-watch-tv-team-news-b1135540.html 
 ----- 
