Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cruz ruled out for end of '23 season, but goals still sky high
Share
Cruz ruled out for end of '23 season, but goals still sky high
September 12th, 2023

Jake Crouse

@JakeCrouseMLB
Share

0:01

0:26

PITTSBURGH -- With time running out in the regular season, Oneil Cruz was ruled out of a return in the 2023 campaign by manager Derek Shelton on Tuesday afternoon. But he’s already as confident as ever that he’ll be back to his best self in ‘24 -- if not sooner.

Cruz sustained a fractured left ankle when he slid awkwardly into a collision at home plate with White Sox catcher Seby Zavala on April 9. The Pirates projected a return to action in four months shortly after the injury, and Cruz appeared to be tracking well when he began a running progression in early August -- one of the final steps before getting fielding reps and swings in batting practice.

However, director of sports medicine Todd Tomczyk said on Aug. 23 that Cruz’s rehab had “plateaued” due to left foot soreness during his running progression, which began in early August. Still, at the time, Cruz expressed optimism that he could return, saying setbacks like the soreness were a frequent occurrence with his type of injury.

Though Cruz won’t suit up again this season for the Pirates -- who, at 66-78, are outside of the postseason picture -- he isn’t letting the finality of it hurt his spirits.

“Mentally, I’ve been in a good spot the whole time,” Cruz said via interpreter Stephen Morales. “I’m always a positive guy. Physically, we’ve got some setbacks, but we’re going to overcome those and I feel a lot better now.”

There’s no doubt that Cruz’s early departure from the lineup made a mark on this year’s team. His blend of raw power, arm speed, sprint speed and an improving strike-zone recognition pointed toward a breakout season. FanGraphs’ ZiPS Projections for the 2023 season had Cruz tied with Ke’Bryan Hayes as the second-highest fWAR producer (2.7) on the team behind Bryan Reynolds (3.5).

Related
15 standout Statcast plays from a memorable 2024 season

December 29th, 2024

Oneil, meet O'Neill: Pirates star, namesake Yankee meet at last

September 28th, 2024

How the Pirates reversed Cruz's luck against lefties

September 21st, 2024

How Ferguson could help solve the Bucs' lefty problems

January 11th, 2025

Pirates avoid arb, agree to '25 contracts with four players (source)

January 9th, 2025

Bucs ink lefty reliver Ferguson to 1-year deal

January 10th, 2025

“When you lose a guy in the middle of the diamond that you’re counting on, it’s a significant blow to our team,” Shelton said, “and it changed the whole complexion of our lineup right from 15 games in.”

“I’m the type of player that I don’t like to lose,” Cruz said, “and when I go home now, I think at home like, ‘How could I help my team in that situation?’ But I think we’re going to be a lot better next year. We’re thinking about the playoffs and all that next year when I get back.”

Despite the injury keeping him off the field, Cruz has been a mainstay in the Pirates’ clubhouse and dugout this season. Shelton hopes that Cruz being locked in on games even while out of action will pay dividends for the team’s burgeoning star when he’s back in game mode, and it’s already helped in the short term.

“It has been good to be in the dugout, just seeing the game from the dugout,” Cruz said. “Because there are situations that I would like an explanation of right there, and I can go to [Major League coach Mendy López] or someone, and those guys can explain the play or what’s going on."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

It’s not outside of the realm of possibility that Cruz could play baseball again this calendar year, though. Winter ball is an option. Cruz is very familiar with LIDOM, the winter league in the Dominican Republic, as he’s played four seasons across three teams. Play begins in October and continues through the round-robin-style four-team finals in January.

“I would like to,” Cruz said of playing winter ball. “You always feel good when you play for your country or something like that, but my priority right now is to feel better, and that’s a decision that’s far away.”

Whether or not he gets the opportunity to do that, Cruz is confident he’ll be his best self in Spring Training if he continues to put the work in now.

And for a player who has shattered Statcast records in just 98 Major League games, Cruz’s expectations are bigger than ever before.

“I’m going to set my bar high from last year and do things I can’t even imagine right now,” Cruz said.

How high are we talking: A 40-40 season?

Cruz smiled at the question and said casually in English, “Yes, sir!”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Oneil Cruz
Pittsburgh Pirates

Jake Crouse is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/oneil-cruz-will-not-return-for-pirates-in-2023-season 
 ----- 
