Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
Pirates 'ran out of time,' choose not to activate Oneil Cruz
ESPN News Services
Sep 12, 2023, 09:31 PM ET

PITTSBURGH -- Oneil Cruz's season officially ended on Tuesday, when Pittsburgh Pirates manager Derek Shelton announced the club wants the shortstop to continue his rehabilitation into the offseason.

Speaking before the Pirates' 5-1 win over the Washington Nationals, Shelton told reporters that club management made the decision this week. The hope, for most of the season, was Cruz, 24, would return from his broken left ankle in September and close out the season with his teammates.

"We got together over the last couple days and basically started talking about it. You guys know what the calendar is. We're running out of days," Shelton said. "With an injury that happened that long ago, being able to do the proper rehab process, we got to the point where we ran out of time."

EDITOR'S PICKS
Pirates shortstop Cruz breaks ankle in collision
2y
Pirates' upbeat Cruz targets late summer return
2y
Pirates' Hayes asks for robot umps after bad call
1y

Cruz's left leg rolled up underneath him after he collided with Chicago White Sox catcher Seby Zavala on April 9. He had surgery the next day, and the team first thought he'd miss four months. As the summer wore on, that return date continued to be pushed back, though Cruz remained with the team and was a fixture in the dugout.

"The rehab is continuing to go well," Shelton said. "Now, I just think we have to figure out how we're going to facilitate the offseason."

A burgeoning star, in an organization full of prospects, Cruz, along with 26-year-old third baseman Ke'Bryan Hayes, is viewed as occupying the left side of the infield for years to come in Pittsburgh. He was batting .250 with a home run and four RBIs, at the time of the injury, and the Pirates were off to a 6-3 start.

They cooled off in the summer, and traded away several of their aging veterans at the trade deadline. Tuesday's win gave Shelton's club a 67-78 record.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

GebruiksvoorwaardenPrivacybeleidGepersonaliseerde advertentiesEuropese Privacy RegelgevingCookiebeleidSupportManage Privacy Preferences
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. Alle rechten voorbehouden.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/38389713/pirates-ran-choose-not-activate-oneil-cruz 
 ----- 
