Holiday Special: Save 20% on the price of a subscription to TFC Republic!

TFC REPUBLIC
Subscriptions/free trials
Sign in
Subscribe
CANMNT
Canada held to draw by dour Mexico in friendly

The Canadians couldn’t get into a rhythm against a Mexican side that looked to disrupt rather than create.

John Molinaro
Sep 10, 2024 — 3 min read
TFC Republic is on a free trial this week, so please enjoy this story and many more that will come out from behind the paywall until Sunday, Sept. 15.

You can subscribe to TFC Republic by CLICKING HERE, or by clicking on the subscribe button on the home page. A monthly subscription costs just $8, while a yearly subscription is $50 (a savings of 48%).
Canada 0, Mexico 0 
Canadians record 1st shutout versus Mexico since 0-0 draw in 2000 World Cup qualifier 
Sigur earns 1st cap for Canada, becoming 3rd player to debut this international window 

The Canadian men’s team showed up for a soccer game on Tuesday night, but instead took part in a street fight.  

Canada closed out September’s international window with a 0-0 draw against Mexico at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas in a game that was marred by the Mexicans' cynical playing style.   

A drab affair owed a lot to the dour tactics of Mexico, who systematically fouled and blatantly hacked down Canadian players, preventing Les Rouges from getting into any kind of attacking rhythm.  

Rather than try to build out from the back, manager Javier Aguirre had his team just lump the ball forward in vain and focused on frustrating Canada. Forty-three fouls were called by the referee, 24 of which were committed by El Tri, who showed no genuine interest in trying to play football.   

"It's a compliment to the progress that we've made as a team that a team like Mexico comes into this match and that's their strategy," Canada coach Jesse Marsch said.

Marsch made four lineup changes from Saturday's 2-1 win over the United States, drafting in goalkeeper Dayne St. Clair, Toronto FC’s Jonathan Osorio and Richie Laryea, and Liam Millar. Making way were Maxime Crépeau, Jonathan David, Jacob Shaffelburg and Alistair Johnston.  

Shaffelburg returned to Nashville in anticipation of his wife giving birth to the couple’s first child, while Johnston went back to Celtic FC with a lower body injury. Midfielder Niko Sigur made his debut for Canada when he was dubbed on in the 77th minute.  

Canada is No. 40 in the current FIFA world rankings, well behind 17-ranked Mexico, who was coming off a 3-0 win over New Zealand on Saturday and was playing its second game under the newly-hired Aguirre (his third spell as national team boss). Aguirre made six lineup changes from the weekend.  

A chippy and physical affair meant neither team asserted itself in the final third and the first shot on target didn’t occur until the 43rd minute. Ali Ahmed delivered a perfect ball deep into the box where Cyle Larin beat out three Mexican players to connect on a dangerous header, only to see goalkeeper Luis Malagón come up with a fabulous one-handed save at the post.  

It was more of the same at the start of the second half with Mexico doubling down on its tactical approach. Still, it did carve out an early scoring chance when Santiago Giménez slipped into the box behind Canada’s defence and forced a save from St. Clair who rushed off his line. 

Looking to give his team more of an attacking edge, Marsch brought on David for midfielder Mathieu Choinière in the 62nd minute. St. Clair denied Roberto Alvarado when he tipped the Mexican’s long-range effort over the crossbar. Alphonso Davies’ half chance late in the game put a scare into Mexico, who managed to hold on for the draw. 

NOTES: Canada sports an all-time record of 5-19-10 all-time against Mexico since 1957... These nations previously met on Nov. 16, 2021, when Canada earned a 2-1 victory over Mexico in a World Cup qualifier on a wintry night at Edmonton’s Commonwealth Stadium... The last time Canada shut out Mexico was in a 0-0 draw in a World Cup qualifier on Nov. 15, 2000 at Toronto’s Varsity Stadium… Canada returns to action when it hosts Panama in another international friendly at Toronto's BMO Field on Oct. 15.

(Top photo courtesy of Canada Soccer)

TFC Republic has a comments section! At the very bottom of every story, there is a feature where you can post your comments, so be sure to share your thoughts and views.

TORONTO FC TICKET DISCOUNT FOR TFC REPUBLIC SUBSCRIBERS!

TFC Republic subscribers can get up to a 25% discount on ticket prices for Toronto FC home games.

To receive the special promo code, email me at To receive the special promo code, email me at jmo1897@gmail.com

(Please don't share promo code with non-TFC Republic subscribers).
READ MORE
Happy Holidays and best wishes for 2025 from TFC Republic

TFC Republic is on vacation until January 13, 2025. Happy Holidays and Happy New Year to all subscribers and readers!

By John Molinaro
Dec 23, 2024
TFC Republic's Player of the Year for 2024: Federico Bernardeschi

The Italian was one of Toronto FC's top scorers and best performers while playing in a new position for most of the season.

By John Molinaro
Dec 22, 2024
Who'll be the next TFC 2 player to make jump to Toronto FC?

James Grossi breaks down the Young Reds' 2024 season and discusses who could be the next prospect to sign an MLS deal.

By John Molinaro
Dec 21, 2024
Transaction tracker: TFC drafts sophomore defender at No. 23

Toronto FC acquired a first-round pick in a trade with D.C. United and used it to select defender Reid Fisher from San Diego State.

By John Molinaro
Dec 20, 2024
TFC REPUBLIC
Home
About TFC Republic/Contact
Subscription info
Powered by Ghost
TFC REPUBLIC

In-depth coverage and analysis of Toronto FC, Canada's original MLS club.

Subscribe
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tfcrepublic.ca/september-10-canada-mexico/ 
 ----- 
