SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
Canada battle Mexico to feisty goalless draw
Dylan Butler

Wednesday, Sep 11, 2024, 03:24 AM

Canada played Mexico to a contentious 0-0 draw in an unfriendly international friendly At AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas Tuesday night.

The draw comes on the heels of a historic 2-1 win over the United States, Les Rouges’ first against the USMNT on American soil since 1957.

Former Orlando City SC standout Cyle Larin had Canada’s best scoring chance of the match two minutes from halftime, but Mexican goalkeeper Luis Malagón dived to parry away the header for a corner.

In the second half, it was Minnesota United goalkeeper Dayne St. Clair who came up big for Canada, coming off his line to deny Santiago Giménez, who was played in behind by César Huerta and then getting a piece of a venomous strike by Roberto Alvarado.

Goals
None
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: Is Canada the top squad in Concacaf? It’s hard to argue against that after the two results during the September window where they were the away side. And while no goals emerged from this one, there was plenty of animosity between two 2026 World Cup co-hosts.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: How close were Canada from consecutive wins over the United States and Mexico? They were this stunning Malagón save away.

WHAT A SAVE BY MALAGON! 😳🔥 #MNTonFOXDeportes #MexicoCanada pic.twitter.com/LZnB3Jyk57

— FOX Deportes (@FOXDeportes) September 11, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: St. Clair was outstanding for Les Rouges, especially when the match's temperature and the Mexican onslaught intensified in the second half.
Next Up
CAN: Tuesday, October 15 vs. Panama | International Friendly
MEX: Tuesday, October 15 vs. United States | International Friendly
Dylan Butler -
@Dylan_Butler
CANADA
MATCHDAY
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Manage Preferences
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We (including the clubs of MLS and our affiliates) and third parties use cookies and similar technologies (“Cookies”) on this site. Some Cookies are necessary to make this site and content available to you and are not subject to your preference settings. If you click “Accept & Continue,” you consent to MLS and our advertisers, vendors and other partners (collectively “Partners”) using non-essential Cookies and processing personal data (such as unique identifiers) stored on and/or accessed from your device or browser for the purposes described below. Click on “Show Purposes” for more information about these purposes and when your personal data may be processed based on legitimate interests. Also see our Privacy Policy.

If you do not consent to non-essential Cookies and the processing of your personal data for these purposes, click “Reject Non-Essential Cookies.” You can adjust your Cookies preferences, object to legitimate interests, or revoke your consent at any time by clicking on the "Cookie Setting" button at the of the site. We and our Partners process data obtained through the use of Cookies to: Actively scan device characteristics for identification. This is done to store and access information on a device and to provide personalized ads and content, and to enable ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept & Continue
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/canada-battle-mexico-to-feisty-goalless-draw 
 ----- 
