SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Tickets
Schedule
Club
GEODIS Park
MLSStore.com
Account Manager
NSC International Roundup: Jacob Shaffelburg represents Canada for two September friendlies 
Nashville SC

Friday, Sep 6, 2024, 05:20 PM

While Major League Soccer takes a hiatus for the FIFA international window, Jacob Shaffelburg has met up with Canada as Les Rouges prepare for two international friendlies.

Jacob Shaffelburg
Midfielder · Nashville SC

USA vs. Canada (Sept. 7, 2024) – Canada is taking on the USMNT at Children’s Mercy Park in Kansas City, Kansas.

Mexico vs. Canada (Sept. 10, 2024) – Three days later, Canada faces off against fellow regional rival Mexico at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.

Jacob Shaffelburg Called Up
1
/
4
Jacob Shaffelburg plays for CANMNT

The 2️⃣3️⃣ as we test ourselves against our 2026 co-hosts!
——
Les 2️⃣3️⃣ qui se mesureront à nos co-hôtes de 2026 !#CANMNT | @CIBC

— CANMNT (@CANMNT_Official) August 27, 2024
Nashville SC -
@NashvilleSC
JACOB SHAFFELBURG
Related Stories
International Roundup: Nashville SC players to feature for National Teams in World Cup Qualifiers, Concacaf Nations League
Renasant Recap: Nashville Soccer Club Concludes 2024 Major League Soccer Season with 3-0 Win at Chicago Fire FC
adidas: New Vivid Horizon Footwear Unveiled
Latest
Nashville Soccer Club Acquires up to $150,000 in General Allocation Money (GAM) from FC Dallas in Exchange for Defender Shaq Moore

NASHVILLE, Tenn. (Dec. 27, 2024) – Nashville Soccer Club announced today the trade of defender Shaq Moore to FC Dallas in exchange for up to $150,000 in General Allocation Money (GAM) if Moore meets certain performance metrics ($50,000 in 2025 GAM; $100,000 in conditional GAM). Moore originally joined Nashville SC

Nashville Soccer Club Selects Two Players in 2025 MLS SuperDraft
Nashville Soccer Club Acquires up to $150,000 in General Allocation Money (GAM) from the Colorado Rapids in Exchange for Sixth Overall Pick in 2025 MLS Superdraft
Nashville Soccer Club Acquires Audi 2024 MLS Cup MVP Gastón Brugman and up to $100,000 in 2026 General Allocation Money from LA Galaxy in Exchange for Sean Davis
5 Home Matches You Won't Want to Miss in 2025
Nashville Soccer Club Announces 2025 MLS Regular Season Schedule
Nashville Soccer Club Acquires up to $200,000 in General Allocation Money (GAM) from D.C. United in Exchange for Defender Lukas MacNaughton
Nashville Soccer Club Claims Goalkeeper Xavier Valdez Via End-Of-Year Waivers
Nashville Soccer Club Announces Protected Players List for 2024 MLS Expansion Draft 
Nashville Soccer Club Re-signs Defender Josh Bauer 
FIFA Club World Cup 2025™ Match Schedule Released
Nashville SC at MLS NEXT Fest California
Nashville Soccer Club Introduces Season Ticket Member Loyalty Program
Edvard Tagseth: The New Engine in Nashville SC's Midfield
Club Sites
Club
Tickets
MLS
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Transparency Coverage Manage Preferences
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We (including the clubs of MLS and our affiliates) and third parties use cookies and similar technologies (“Cookies”) on this site. Some Cookies are necessary to make this site and content available to you and are not subject to your preference settings. If you click “Accept & Continue,” you consent to MLS and our advertisers, vendors and other partners (collectively “Partners”) using non-essential Cookies and processing personal data (such as unique identifiers) stored on and/or accessed from your device or browser for the purposes described below. Click on “Show Purposes” for more information about these purposes and when your personal data may be processed based on legitimate interests. Also see our Privacy Policy.

If you do not consent to non-essential Cookies and the processing of your personal data for these purposes, click “Reject Non-Essential Cookies.” You can adjust your Cookies preferences, object to legitimate interests, or revoke your consent at any time by clicking on the "Cookie Setting" button at the of the site. We and our Partners process data obtained through the use of Cookies to: Actively scan device characteristics for identification. This is done to store and access information on a device and to provide personalized ads and content, and to enable ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept & Continue
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nashvillesc.com/news/nsc-international-roundup-jacob-shaffelburg-represents-canada-for-two-september-friendlies 
 ----- 
