Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
Betting News How to Bet Sportsbook Reviews Podcasts Covers Videos Covers Writers
Mexico vs Canada Predictions & Picks for Tomorrow's International Friendly Match

Canada have had an incredible 2024 and enter this friendly against Mexico in fine form, but El Tri will give them a run for their money.

Tom Oldfield • Betting Analyst
Sep 9, 2024 • 13:32 ET • 4 min read
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

Canada continue to shine in the Jesse Marsch era, and they bring impressive form into a showdown with Mexico on September 10.

Despite the strong play from the Canadians, my Mexico vs. Canada predictions expect this friendly to end in a stalemate.

Mexico vs Canada picks and predictions

My best bet:
Draw (+210 at FanDuel)

My analysis
It’s been a terrific, bounce-back summer for Canada, with Saturday’s landmark win just the cherry on top after surpassing expectations with their run to the Copa America semifinals. The arrow seems to be pointing up again, just as it did when the Canadians qualified for the 2022 World Cup.

But this is a tricky fixture for Canada on the heels of the weekend high, particularly against an opponent wounded by a disappointing summer.

Mexico had a forgettable Copa America experience, winning only one of their three group games and scoring just a single goal. That prompted a parting of ways with boss Jaime Lozano, with Javier Aguirre taking the reins for the third time.

The sting of the Copa group stage elimination wasn't fully eased by sweeping past New Zealand at the weekend, but a statement performance against Canada would be a bigger story.

I see El Tri holding firm here and coming away with a draw. That pick also stems from the potential for both managers to shuffle their starting lineups. Will Marsch turn to Alphonso Davies again after the Bayern Munich man played the full 90 minutes on Saturday?

The Canadians have looked solid defensively since Moise Bombito’s arrival at the heart of the defense, even after losing Celtic’s Alistair Johnston to a hamstring injury at the weekend, while Mexico have tallied three clean sheets from their last four outings.

This is the second friendly in four days for these teams, and I’m wagering on a stalemate at AT&T Stadium with neither nation hitting top gear.

Mexico vs Canada same-game parlay (SGP)

Draw

Under 2.5 goals

First half Under 0.5 goals

+481 at FanDuel

In humid conditions, this doesn’t feel like an end-to-end thriller. Both teams are well organized defensively, and the Canadians put a lot of energy into Saturday’s emotional win over the USMNT.

That makes the Under on 2.5 total goals an attractive pick, especially with the likelihood of a flurry of second-half subs. The trends also support that, with the Under hitting in six of Canada's last eight games.

I’m sticking to a similar script and juicing up the odds by picking a goalless first half. The Canadians have kept a clean sheet in the first 45 minutes in six of their past eight contests, and I’m wary of Marsch’s commitment to evaluating his squad depth.

While that’s beneficial for Canada in the long term, it could contribute to a cagey first half if some of the regulars in red are rested.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

Mexico vs Canada odds
 Mexico		 Canada
+130	Moneyline	=195
+210	Draw	+210
Over 2.5 (+106)	Total	Under 2.5 (-148)

Odds courtesy of FanDuel.

Mexico vs Canada side and Over/Under analysis
Despite all the feel-good progress under Marsch, Canada have only won two of their eight games since he took over, and they enter as slight underdogs here.
It’s been a rocky stretch for Mexico since losing the Concacaf Nations League final in March, and they’ve slipped to three defeats in their seven outings since then — including a 4-0 loss to Uruguay in June.
The Mexicans have won three of the past five meetings between these teams, but the Canadians landed a 2-1 victory in their last matchup in November 2021.
Don’t overvalue the Mexicans’ three-goal effort on Saturday. They had only scored two or more goals in one of their prior seven contests, though it was encouraging to see Cesar Huerta and Luis Romo on the scoresheet against the Kiwis.
Mexico vs Canada game info
Location:	AT&T Stadium, Arlington, TX
Date:	Tuesday, 9-10-2024
Time:	8:30 p.m. ET
TV:	Fubo Sports
Weather:	Hot and humid, with temperatures in the mid-80s

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Best Sports Betting Sites Canada
Best Online Casinos in Canada
Soccer Betting Sites
World Cup betting sites
College football betting sites
Canada Sportsbook Promos
Women's World Cup betting sites
   
Tom Oldfield
Betting Analyst

Tom Oldfield’s sports writing journey over the past 20 years has taken him from the Premier League and Champions League to the NFL, NBA, WNBA and MLB, with a wide range of articles and betting previews. Tom has worked closely with London’s Sportsbeat sports news agency as well as (thrillingly!) covering the Toronto Raptors’ 2019 NBA championship run, and he has appeared on BBC World Service and The Back Page podcast.

A graduate of the University of Nottingham in the UK, he is the author of biographies on Cristiano Ronaldo, Rafael Nadal, Gary Neville and Cesc Fabregas, and he co-authors a long-running series of children’s soccer books with his brother, Matt.

As a regular bettor across the top sports leagues, particularly with FanDuel and bet365, he is well versed on all the major markets and the next big game is rarely far from his thoughts. The best betting advice he has received is to monitor multiple sportsbooks to grab the best possible value.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Game info
Popular Content
 Wolves vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 25, 2024
 Liverpool vs Leicester City Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 25, 2024
 Tottenham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 20, 2024
 Crystal Palace vs Arsenal Predictions & Picks for Saturday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 20, 2024
 Tottenham vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Thursday's EFL Cup Match
Sam Farley | Dec 18, 2024
 2024-25 EPL Title Odds: Chelsea Closing in on Liverpool
Chris Vasile | Dec 17, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

18+ Responsible Gaming
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2024 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/soccer/mexico-vs-canada-predictions-picks-tuesday-9-10-2024 
 ----- 
