Skip to main content
LIVE
CTV News Channel
(OPENS IN A NEW TAB)
SEARCH CTVNEWS.CA
Search
NEWS
VIDEO
LOCAL
SHOWS
ABOUT
SHOPPING TRENDS
ADVERTISEMENT
SPORTS
News
Tyreek Hill was briefly detained for a traffic violation ahead of Dolphins' season opener
00:44
Miami police release Tyreek Hill bodycam video
01:56
Miami Dolphins’ Tyreek Hill detained before game
The Associated Press
Staff
Contact
Updated Sept. 8, 2024 8:03 p.m. GMT
Published Sept. 8, 2024 3:20 p.m. GMT
Share
MIAMI GARDENS, FLA. -

 Miami-Dade police said Sunday they will investigate why Dolphins wide receiver Tyreek Hill was handcuffed and placed facedown on a street by their officers after he was stopped for a traffic violation near Hard Rock Stadium on Sunday, hours before his team opened the NFL season.

Download the CTV News App for breaking news alerts and video on all the top stories

Hill was seen on video posted to the social media site X laying face down on the ground as officers placed his hands behind his back and appeared to put handcuffs on him.

ADVERTISEMENT

Hill, who led the NFL in receiving yards in 2023, still took the field and started for the Dolphins.

Miami-Dade Police director Stephanie V. Daniels said in a statement Sunday afternoon that she has requested an “immediate review” of the details surrounding the incident.

“We are also reviewing available body camera footage,” Daniels said. “We will provide updates as further information becomes available."

Follow the CTV News channel on WhatsApp

Hill's agent, Drew Rosenhaus, called it a “heartbreaking situation” Sunday morning on ESPN.

“Obviously I love Tyreek. I hated to see him in the situation he was in with the police,” Rosenhaus said. " ... Apparently he got a ticket for a moving violation entering the stadium.

"How things escalated into the situation that they were in, in handcuffs and being held on the ground with police, is mindboggling to me. I'm deeply concerned by that. Very troubled. We will be looking into it. We will be investigating this.

"We will look out for Tyreek, but I'm not going to make any allegations at this time," Rosenhaus continued. "The most important thing is Tyreek is OK physically, mentally he was very distraught about what happened.”

The Dolphins, in a statement released shortly after the incident, said several of Hill's teammates saw the incident and “stopped for support.”

“Tyreek and all other players involved have safely arrived to the stadium and will be available for today’s game,” the statement said.

RELATED IMAGES
1 / 1
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Tyreek Hill watches from the sideline during the second half of a preseason NFL football game against the Washington Commanders, Saturday, Aug. 17, 2024, in Miami Gardens, Fla. (AP Photo/Wilfredo Lee)
Report an error
Editorial standards & policies
Why you can trust CTV News
ADVERTISEMENT
SHOPPING TRENDS

The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.

EDITOR'S PICKS
20 Of The Best Gift Ideas For Men Under $200
13 Of The Best Self-Care Gifts You Can Find On Amazon Canada
19 Of The Best Tech Gifts Under $100
HOME
Our Guide To The Best Cookware Sets In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them)
Our Guide To The Best Space Heaters In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them)
Our Guide to the Best Portable Induction Cooktops in Canada in 2024 (And Where to Get Them)
GIFTS
21 Of The Best Gift Ideas For Women Under $300
19 Of The Best Stocking Stuffers For Teenagers
15 Useful Amazon Products That Make Great Stocking Stuffers
BEAUTY
Our Guide To The Best Self Tanners You Can Get In Canada
20 Anti-Aging Skincare Products That Reviewers Can’t Stop Talking About
12 Budget-Friendly Makeup Brushes And Tools Worth Adding To Your Kit
DEALS
75+ Of The Best Amazon Canada Black Friday Sales, Deals, And Discounts For 2024
The Good Stuff: Our Favourite Black Friday Deals On Amazon Canada
Amazon Canada's Black Friday Week Is On: This Smart Thermometer Will Make Holiday Cooking So Much Easier (And It’s 20% Off Right Now)
TOP VIDEOS

Small businesses try to figure out GST break implementation

Remains of couple missing for 44 years found in Ga. pond

Wheel flies off dump truck on B.C. highway, striking SUV

'Baby Shark' song playing at Que. mall to prevent loitering

PM criticizes Poilievre's lack of security clearance

Trudeau announces expansion of P.E.I. school food program

Black Friday challenging for businesses amid difficult times

Canada's economy grew 1 per cent in third quarter

50 cms of snow to sweep across Ont.: Here's where and when

Boeing plane makes emergency landing at airport in Que.

SPS takes over policing in Surrey, B.C. after lengthy battle

Canada Post stirke impacting local newspapers

How a Toronto shooting suspect's carjacking rampage ended

Drone view of restored Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris

Residents shaken after bodies found in burning SUV in N.B.

Australia set to ban social media for kids under 16

Missing hiker found alive after 50 days in B.C. wilderness

Coyote attack in Toronto's Liberty Village caught on camera

Police arrest allegedly armed man shoplifting at LCBO

Watch out for these common Black Friday scams

Small businesses scramble to prepare for GST tax holiday

New appliances breaking earlier than expected, experts say

Parasite found in Nova Scotia oysters for the first time

Vancouver prepares for Swift's final Eras Tour stops

AI experiment brings churchgoers face to face with Jesus

International students concerned about future in Canada

Sask. Party votes down bill to remove PST from some items

Sask. family demands answers in police-related death

Man jumps out of roller-coaster seconds before big drop

Take a look inside a Sask. school's new ambulance simulator

London, Ont. fire puts historic 1880s buildings at risk

Supreme Court denies disgraced fashion mogul Nygard's appeal

Amateur MMA fighter dies during match in Alberta

Possible lead in Jodi Henrickson's 2009 disappearance

Dramatic high-speed chase in Florida ends with arrest

Trump's cabinet nominees targeted with violent threats

Calgary man dies in accident while helping stranded stranger

RCMP cruiser rear-ended by pickup truck on Highway 1 in B.C.

Armed home invasion under investigation, 3 suspects at large

W5: The fight to bring Jack Letts home from Syria

Trend Line: Liberals' rebate cheques draw backlash

1 child injured after school bus crashes into ditch in Ont.

Premiers 'united' in plan to tighten security at border

Israel accuses Hezbollah of breaching terms of ceasefire

Hundreds of helium balloons cleaned up on Pelee Island

Americans held in China back in U.S. after prisoner swap

Man who rescues dogs with plane dies in N.Y. crash

Reese Witherspoon calls Jennifer Aniston her work 'BFF'

'Squid Game 2' set to return: Here's what we know!

'Tariffs are not justified': Eby on Trump's proposed tariffs

CTVNEWS.CA TOP STORIES
Trudeau noncommittal on expanding rebate beyond 'working Canadians'

Prime Minister Justin Trudeau does not appear willing to budge on his plan to send a $250 rebate to 'hardworking Canadians,' despite pressure from the opposition to give the money to seniors and people who are not able to work.

'Mayday!': New details emerge after Boeing plane makes emergency landing at Mirabel airport

Cucumbers sold in Ontario, other provinces recalled over possible salmonella contamination

Latest updates: Tracking RSV, influenza, COVID-19 in Canada

Weekend weather: Parts of Canada could see up to 50 centimetres of snow, wind chills of -40

W5 INVESTIGATES | A 'ticking time bomb': Inside Syria's toughest prison holding accused high-ranking ISIS members

Federal government posts $13B deficit in first half of the fiscal year

Armed men in speedboats make off with women and children when a migrants' dinghy deflates off Libya

Nick Cannon says he's seeking help for narcissistic personality disorder

MUST WATCH

Coyote attack in Toronto's Liberty Village caught on camera

Vancouver prepares for Swift's final Eras Tour stops

Stowaway discovered on NYC flight bound for Paris

Take a look inside a Sask. school's new ambulance simulator

Dramatic high-speed chase in Florida ends with arrest

Man who rescues dogs with plane dies in N.Y. crash

Suspected shoe thief in Japan turns out to be weasel

Lost dog reunites with family after five days in Sask.

Sask. students helping their neighbours one shovel at a time

Dictionary.com crowns 'demure' 2024 word of the year

'Embarrassing' NHLers had to walk to game, Ont. premier says

MOST READ
skip MOST Read list
1
Canada-U.S. relations: Trudeau, Carney on 51st state
2
AFN Chief Cindy Woodhouse Nepinak sums up 2024
3
'Home Alone' house: How the McCallisters afforded it
4
Changes coming to Quebec in 2025
5
N.Y. correction officers beat handcuffed man before death: video
6
B.C. man who flipped 14 homes fined $2M for tax evasion
7
Trudeau as leader less likely since Freeland quit: Gerry Butts
8
Missing dog returns to family on Christmas Eve, rings doorbell
9
Sault news: Five southern Ont. hunters fined $37K for moose hunt offences in Pickle Lake
10
World juniors 2024: Latvia defeats Canada 3-2
CANADA
Weekend weather: Parts of Canada could see up to 50 centimetres of snow, wind chills of -40

A small town finds a way to send Christmas letters to Santa during postal strike

Cucumbers sold in Ontario, other provinces recalled over possible salmonella contamination

'Mayday!': New details emerge after Boeing plane makes emergency landing at Mirabel airport

Alleged mastermind behind Ontario woman's presumed death seeks bail

Surrey Police Service officially takes over from the RCMP after years-long saga

WORLD
U.K. intelligence chief accuses Russia of 'staggeringly reckless' sabotage campaign

Trump's tariffs in his first term did little to alter U.S. economy, but this time could be different

Amazon workers in India join Black Friday strike action for better wages and working conditions

Stowaway flew aboard Delta flight from New York to Paris after evading airline checkpoints at JFK

Crew mistakes caused the sinking of a New Zealand navy ship off Samoan coast, inquiry finds

At least 100 passengers are missing after a boat capsized in northern Nigeria

POLITICS
Trudeau noncommittal on expanding rebate beyond 'working Canadians'

Trudeau Liberals' two-month GST holiday bill passes the House, off to the Senate

Federal government posts $13B deficit in first half of the fiscal year

HEALTH
Listeria contamination concerns prompt mushroom recall: Health Canada

Canadian woman shares methanol poisoning story in wake of death investigation in Laos hostel

Avian flu case discovered in Greater Victoria, officials confirm

SCI-TECH
As Australia bans social media for children, Quebec is paying close attention

No more ID? Air Canada rolls out facial recognition tech at Vancouver airport

Competition Bureau suing Google, wants company to sell off two advertising services

ENTERTAINMENT
Nick Cannon says he's seeking help for narcissistic personality disorder

No 'Taylgate' party for Vancouver, with BC Place to be fenced off for Swift shows

Members of K-pop group NewJeans say they are leaving agency after dispute

BUSINESS
Real GDP per capita declines for 6th consecutive quarter, household savings rise

CFIB calls on Ottawa to compensate small firms for costs to implement GST holiday

Implementing GST break for two months proving to be a 'nightmare' for businesses

LIFESTYLE
The Vienna sausage stand is more than just a snack stall. Now it has a UNESCO heritage recognition

'It's a bird! It's a plane!' In Alaska, it's both, with a pilot tossing turkeys to rural homes

Shopping and budget tips for Black Friday weekend

SPORTS
Linebacker remains in stable condition, hours after U.S. university announces his death

Canadian men climb four places to No. 31, reach all-time high in FIFA world rankings

Canadian women expect physical challenge from Iceland in soccer friendly in Spain

AUTOS
Hyundai recalling hundreds of thousands of cars and SUVs in Canada, U.S.

Trump's tariffs would devastate auto sector, raise consumer costs: industry leader

Fewer people intend to buy an EV amid price, driving range concerns: EY report

LOCAL SPOTLIGHT
'My dear Carmel': Lost letters returned to 103-year-old Guelph, Ont. woman

A young history buff was able to reunite a Guelph, Ont. woman with letters written by her husband almost 80 years ago.

'We have to do something': Homeless advocates in Moncton reaching out for help over holidays

100-year-old Winnipeg man walks blocks to see his wife

Video shows B.C. cat bursting through pet door to confront raccoons

Trailer Park Boys host Canadian premiere of new movie in Dartmouth

Deer spotted wearing high-visibility safety jacket in Northern B.C.

From cellphones to dentures: Inside Halifax Transit’s lost and found

Torontonians identify priorities, concerns in new city survey

Longtime member of Edmonton theatre community dies during 'A Christmas Carol' performance

VANCOUVER
Man facing 10 charges after Richmond, B.C., crime spree

Free skating rink at Robson Square opens for winter

Winter storm watch issued as snow, heavy rain expected for B.C. coast

TORONTO
Black Friday sales stretch out for weeks: retail analyst

Cucumbers sold in Ontario, other provinces recalled over possible salmonella contamination

House fire in North York sends 6 people to hospital

CALGARY
Calgary Mayor Jyoti Gondek running for re-election

Multiple crashes reported on Deerfoot Trail

Black Friday deals look to appeal to budget-friendly Calgary shoppers

OTTAWA
Ottawa police charge two adults, teenager following Orleans kidnapping and robbery

'Dude, Where's My Bus?' Ottawa man fed up with OC Transpo makes documentary exploring transit troubles

Almonte business to deliver letters to Santa

MONTREAL
Quebec trying to 'minimize' impact of health care cuts on services

One woman killed, one hurt in armed robbery attempt southeast of Quebec City

'Mayday!': New details emerge after Boeing plane makes emergency landing at Mirabel airport

EDMONTON
Pedestrian hospitalized after Friday morning crash in central Edmonton

Oilers rightly optimistic they can pull themselves into NHL playoff picture. Again

'Fear and shame': Red Deer police issues warning of rising online sextortion incidents

ATLANTIC
Some closures, power outages in the Maritimes with first storm of the winter season

Halifax Water admits it should have notified customers about fluoridation interruptions

Suspect taken into custody after weapons complaint at Halifax high school

WINNIPEG
IIU looking for witness of fatal officer-involved shooting

Water main break causing Friday morning traffic delays in Winnipeg

A tale of two downtowns: Restaurants opening and closing show complexity of downtown revival

REGINA
Fundraising campaign at Regina school ends with an alpaca kiss

Trudeau noncommittal on expanding rebate beyond 'working Canadians'

Crown gives final remarks in Ruben Manz case as argument to jury concludes

KITCHENER
Erick Buhr to represent himself during sentencing for second-degree murder in death of his grandmother, Viola Erb

One dead, another hurt in Cambridge shooting

Police looking for missing teen last seen in Cambridge

SASKATOON
'Due to the temperatures, we are concerned': RCMP seek tips finding missing elderly man

Ontario men arrested after Saskatoon police seize 16 kilos of meth, nearly $70K in cash

Extreme cold warning issued for Saskatoon

NORTHERN ONTARIO
Another 60 cm of snow possible in the Sault as severe weather continues

California man who went missing for 25 years found after sister sees his picture in the news

Two arrested following shooting on Manitoulin Island

LONDON
Employees pepper sprayed at London business

Sarnia police lay charges after woman wakes up to naked man in her home

Knights' Boulton hit with eight-game suspension

BARRIE
50 cms of snow across central Ontario expected this weekend

Alleged mastermind behind Ontario woman's presumed death seeks bail

Ontario offers municipalities $77M to offset skyrocketing OPP costs

WINDSOR
BREAKING | Guilty on all counts: Windsor man convicted of careless driving in Retrofest double fatal collision

$4,000 in products reported stolen from storage container

Bright Lights Windsor kicks off with official tree lighting

VANCOUVER ISLAND
Winter storm watch issued as snow, heavy rain expected for B.C. coast

Police renew appeal for information 12 years after Victoria woman's disappearance

Man facing 10 charges after Richmond, B.C., crime spree

KELOWNA
Kelowna, B.C., to host the Memorial Cup in the spring of 2026

545 vehicles impounded in 332 days: BC Highway Patrol pleads for drivers to slow down

Man in hospital following targeted shooting in Kamloops

LETHBRIDGE
Lethbridge Hurricanes name 3 new members to its Wall of Honour

Avonlea Homes team members go on shopping spree for Lethbridge Family Services' Angel Tree Campaign

Marshal Iwaasa's family still seeks answers five years after his disappearance

SAULT STE. MARIE
Two arrested following shooting on Manitoulin Island

Another 60 cm of snow possible in the Sault as severe weather continues

Northern MPP calls for Sept 30 to be stat holiday in Ontario

N.L.
Newfoundland's LGBTQ2S+ bar paid drag queens $37.50. Tara Nova called them out.

'Who profits on hunger?': Inuit send pleading emails to minister about food costs

As N.L. firm pivots, scientists say Canada's green hydrogen dreams are far-fetched

STAY CONNECTED
Search CTV News
Advertise on CTVNews.ca
Political Ads Registry
About CTV Careers
CTV News Stox
Press Room
Editorial Standards & Policies
Contact Us
CTV News AppVideo HelpAccessibilityShopping Trends
Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news
Subscribe to newsletter
CTV NEWS PROGRAMS
CTV National News
Power Play
W5
CTV Question Period
CTV News Channel
LOCAL NEWS
AtlanticBarrieCalgaryEdmontonGuelphKitchenerLethbridgeLondonMontrealNorthern OntarioOttawaPrince AlbertRed DeerReginaSaskatoonTorontoVancouverVancouver IslandWindsorWinnipegYorkton

© 2024  All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ctvnews.ca/sports/tyreek-hill-was-briefly-detained-for-a-traffic-violation-ahead-of-dolphins-season-opener-1.7029746 
 ----- 
