Skip to main content
Sections
Search
EPaper
Podcasts
Newsletters
More
WATCH: GLOBE TODAY
EPAPER
SPORTS
Red Sox
Patriots
Bruins
Celtics
Revolution
High Schools
Colleges
TV & Radio
METRO
Weather
Politics
Transportation
Education
Camberville
Around Mass.
Investigations
Obituaries
Death Notices
GAMES & PUZZLES
Crossword
Mini Crossword
Sudokus
Word Flower
WordroW
Jigsaw
BUSINESS
Tech Power Players
Technology
Economy
Housing
Real Estate
Jobs
Biotech
Future Of Work
The Fine Print
Bold Types
POLITICS
2024 Election
MONEY, POWER, INEQUALITY
CLIMATE
SPOTLIGHT
OPINION
Ideas
Columns And Op-Eds
Editorials
Letters
Cartoons
Say More Podcast
NEW HAMPSHIRE
Business
Politics
Education
Crime
Health
Commentary
RHODE ISLAND
Things To Do
Rhode Island Podcast
RI Food & Dining
Politics
Business
Arts
Crime
WORLD
COVID
GLOBE MAGAZINE
Miss Conduct
Dinner With Cupid
Perspective
Women & Power 2023
LIFESTYLE
A Beautiful Resistance
Food & Dining
Comics
Crossword
Games
Travel
Names
Love Letters
Real Estate
ARTS
Books
Movies
Music
Television
Visual Arts
Theater/Dance
CARS
REAL ESTATE
EVENTS
EPAPERMETROWEATHERPOLITICSSPORTSBUSINESSWATCH: GLOBE TODAYPUZZLESRHODE ISLANDGLOBE MAGAZINEOPINIONHEALTHARTSLIFESTYLEEDUCATIONCAMBERVILLEMONEY, POWER, INEQUALITYSPOTLIGHTTECHNOLOGYCLIMATECARSREAL ESTATEEVENTS
SIGN IN
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Starting at $1
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
With Red Sox in Texas, reliever Chris Martin reflects on journey that has brought him full circle
By Alex Speier Globe Staff,Updated September 19, 2023, 9:03 p.m.
6
Chris Martin pitched a scoreless inning in Monday's win over the Rangers, allowing one hit and striking out two.TONY GUTIERREZ/ASSOCIATED PRESS

ARLINGTON, Texas — For Chris Martin, the series against the Rangers represents a homecoming.

He grew up 10 minutes from Globe Life Field and went to nearby Arlington High School. His father worked in walking distance of where the Rangers play.

That fact alone makes a visit to play the Rangers an opportunity to reflect on an unlikely and circuitous career path — one that saw Martin quit baseball in college because of a shoulder injury, eventually return to the game in semi-pro and then independent ball, grind through the minors for three years before a couple cups of coffee in 2014 and 2015, then go to Japan from 2016-17.

Yet Texas also represented not only Martin’s baseball beginnings but also the start of the his second career. After two years with Nippon Ham, he returned to the States by signing a two-year deal with the Rangers for 2018-19.

Advertisement

“Obviously, being as far away from home as I was for two years, I would have definitely taken less money to go to be home,” Martin recalled before the Red Sox’ 6-4 loss Tuesday night. “I remember I was at a Christmas party and I got the call [finalizing a deal with the Rangers]. Pretty good Christmas present.”

Get Starting Point
A guide through the most important stories of the morning, delivered Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.
Enter Email
Sign Up

Martin was 31 with 40 MLB appearances on his résumé when he signed that deal. Did he imagine then that over the next six years, he’d pitch in 283 more big league games, forging a 2.99 ERA, winning a World Series ring, and going on the best run of his career — 19 straight scoreless appearances and counting entering Tuesday, dropping his ERA to 1.07 (third lowest in Sox history) — at 37 years old?

“No, I did not,” acknowledged Martin. “I’ve had the mentality that every year is a bonus from here on out. I get the question, ‘When do you feel like you’re going to hang ‘em up?’ Every year is a bonus for me. I definitely didn’t expect this type of career.”

Chris Martin rode a streak of 19 straight scoreless appearances entering Tuesday night.KEVIN M. COX/ASSOCIATED PRESS

Meanwhile, for all that has gone wrong for the Red Sox this year, Martin — signed to a two-year, $17.5 million deal last November — has exceeded any reasonable expectations the team might have had. The team knew it wanted to add him as a strike thrower (75 percent strike rate, far and away the highest in the big leagues) but could not have imagined how consistently he’d carve the zone with a five-pitch mix out of the bullpen.

Advertisement

“There are guys that throw strikes. There are people that throw quality strikes. That’s what he does, everywhere. He can go in against righties, in against lefties, up, down, chases. He’s been great in the clubhouse, too,” said manager Alex Cora. “He’s been able to post, which is the most important thing. … [After 2021], we were in conversations in the offseason. It didn’t happen. He went to the Cubs, and then he ended up with the Dodgers. But he was kind of priority number one for us [last offseason]. We needed this guy. He’s here, he’s been great, and looking forward to the rest of the season and next year, too.”

Drohan done

Lefthander Shane Drohan, who emerged this year as one of the top Red Sox pitching prospects, was placed on Triple A Worcester’s development list, meaning he won’t make another appearance this season. The 24-year-old finished the year with 123 innings between Double A and the WooSox, dominating in Portland (1.32 ERA in five starts) while struggling to a 6.89 ERA in Triple A.

Still, he showed improvements in his arsenal and a diverse mix that has positioned him as a potential contributor to the Sox staff at some point in 2024 and beyond.

“I would say [2023 was a season] of growth, development, understanding who he needs to be as a pitcher probably at the upper levels but to eventually make an impact in the big leagues,” said farm director Brian Abraham. “Ultimately, [it was a year of] understanding that there’s another gear, another step that’s needed to be major league depth and be able to do that for an extended period of time.”

Advertisement

One of the biggest challenges for Drohan will be continuing to add weight and strength to sustain top-level performance. Last winter, he ate two steaks a day to go from 175 pounds to roughly 191.

“I know he ate a lot of steak last offseason,” said Abraham. “We’ll have to increase the ounces.”

Casas diagnosed

First baseman Triston Casas — who is on the injured list and won’t play again this year — has been diagnosed with bursitis in his right shoulder. Cora said the team will develop a treatment plan in the coming days, but that Casas wasn’t expected to need surgery. … Outfielder Wilyer Abreu (left arm) was out of the lineup for a second straight day, but is expected to play either Wednesday or when the team returns to Boston on Friday. … Pitcher Kenley Jansen, who was expected to rejoin the Sox from the COVID-19 injured list in Texas, has yet to be cleared and won’t be activated before the weekend … Righthander Kaleb Ort gave up a hit and a walk while striking out one in ⅓ of an inning, and lefty Joely Rodriguez went ⅔ of an inning, allowing a run on two hits, in Worcester’s 4-3 loss at Lehigh Valley ... The WooSox announced that they drew 519,651 fans to Polar Park this year, which is expected to rank as the sixth-highest attendance total and average in the minors. The team sold 545,231 tickets, which is expected to be the most in Minor League Baseball … High A Greenville beat Hudson Valley, 7-3, in Game 2 to sweep the best-of-three South Atlantic League championship series.

Advertisement

Alex Speier can be reached at alex.speier@globe.com. Follow him @alexspeier.

Show comments
BOSTON GLOBE TODAY
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
SHARE

7:54

What does moving on mean for New England? Senior NFL writer Ben Volin and beat reporter Christopher Price weigh in on how the franchise can rebuild.
NOW PLAYING
Does the Patriots’ path forward include Mike Vrabel?
The Patriots players that should return to Foxborough
NFL Draft: What will the Patriots do with no. 4 pick?
SEE MORE VIDEOS


MOST POPULAR ON BOSTONGLOBE.COM
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
Boston Police and federal ICE officials are arguing over detainer requests — and the faxes that the feds sent
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season


VIEWS FROM OUR COLUMNISTS
CHAD FINN
NESN appears to be finally getting Red Sox booth right again
CHRISTOPHER L. GASPER
Stop crediting the Krafts for making the hard decision to fire Jerod Mayo. It was the easy way out.
DAN SHAUGHNESSY
The real season — the offseason — is finally here for the Patriots, and other thoughts
TARA SULLIVAN
If Robert Kraft doesn’t get this next Patriots coaching hire right, will his legacy sustain permanent damage?
GARY WASHBURN
Next step in Jaylen Brown’s journey comes in his signature sneakers
MORE ON GLOBE.COM
OPINION
The real reasons why LA’s fires are out of control
The most devastating wildfires in LA history are forcing almost every resident to flee or hunker down in fear while outsiders unfairly spread blame.
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
What better time than the dead of winter to rank the current ballparks and provide a few tips for those considering going on a trip in 2025?
Around 60 Tatte workers forced to resign amid growing immigration fears
The workers were flagged multiple times beforehand for discrepancies in their government records — a potential sign of issues with their immigration status.
Boston Police and federal ICE officials are arguing over detainer requests — and the faxes that the feds sent
The bureaucratic tiff comes as immigration enforcement remains at the fore of pubic debate, and as President-elect Donald Trump has vowed mass deportations.
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox
Story, who played five seasons with Arenado in Colorado, thinks the third baseman has more to give than his numbers the last two years infer.
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
If the former Patriots linebacker is unable to come to an agreement, then New England’s search would require much more time given the league’s rules surrounding staffs of playoff teams.
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
It’s still far too early to judge this important offseason, but it’s going to get late fast and Boston clearly needs a righthanded hitter with power.
FOOD
10 new restaurants to try in the new year
2025 brings exciting additions to the dining scene. Where will you go first?
MOST READ IN THIS SECTION
SUNDAY BASEBALL NOTES
Which ballparks should you visit this summer? Here’s the list of the best (and worst) in Major League Baseball
PATRIOTS
Source: Patriots in negotiations to sign Mike Vrabel as head coach
RED SOX NOTEBOOK
Trevor Story among those excited at potential for Nolan Arenado on the Red Sox
BRUINS 4, PANTHERS 3 (OT)
Bruins snap six-game losing streak with 4-3 overtime win in Florida
ON BASEBALL
Red Sox remain more incomplete than incredible, their lineup having only shrank since last season
SUNDAY FOOTBALL NOTES
Ranking the six NFL head coaching vacancies (and, yes, the Patriots really are No. 1)
CELTICS
Though they are still favorites to repeat as NBA champions, the Celtics are struggling. Here’s why
SPORTS MEDIA
NESN appears to be finally getting Red Sox booth right again
FOLLOW US
SUBSCRIBE NOW

Digital Access

Home Delivery

Gift Subscriptions

MY ACCOUNT

Log In

Manage My Account

Customer Service

Delivery Issues

Feedback

CONTACT

Help & FAQs

Staff List

Advertise

MORE

Newsletters

View The EPaper

Order Back Issues

News In Education

Search The Archives

Privacy Policy

Terms Of Service

Terms Of Purchase

Contact

Work At Boston Globe Media

Internship Program

Co-Op Program

Do Not Sell My Personal Information

©2025 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC
Close
$1 FOR 6 MONTHS
You've Been Selected For Our Best Offer
Get the news you need, anytime and anywhere.

Games

Weather

App

Newsletters

Get Access for $1

Pay with PayPal or Credit Card
Cancel anytime.

Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Privacy Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

ACCEPT ALL
Reject
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonglobe.com/2023/09/19/sports/with-red-sox-texas-reliever-chris-martin-reflects-journey-that-has-brought-him-full-circle/ 
 ----- 
