Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Dominant Snell might have just locked up NL Cy Young
Share
Dominant Snell might have just locked up NL Cy Young
Bogaerts smacks game-winning homer in the 9th
September 20th, 2023

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share

0:01

1:26

SAN DIEGO -- For 5 1/2 months, the National League Cy Young race saw its share of twists and turns. But on Tuesday night at Petco Park, Blake Snell might have just called game.

The Padres left-hander pitched seven brilliant, no-hit innings, further solidifying his case for a second career Cy Young Award, before Xander Bogaerts homered to walk off the Rockies in a wild 2-0 victory.

• 4 no-hitters broken up late in the past 10 days

A dominant Snell was lifted after 104 pitches in a scoreless game, before Brendan Rodgers broke up the Padres’ combined no-hit bid with a clean single off Josh Hader in the ninth. But Bogaerts’ walk-off two-run blast in the bottom of the frame ensured Snell’s efforts didn’t go to waste.

“Seven dominant innings again,” Bogaerts said. “It seems like a normal day of work for him now.”

Indeed, Snell lowered his Major League-leading ERA to 2.33. While other Cy Young contenders have faltered, Snell has gotten stronger down the stretch. He held a loaded Dodgers lineup scoreless in Los Angeles last week. Then, he held the Rockies without a hit for seven frames on Tuesday, striking out 10 while inducing a remarkable 23 whiffs on 43 swings.

If Snell was pitching with designs on locking up the NL Cy Young Award, a performance like this one might just have clinched it.

“He goes out there on a mission,” said Padres manager Bob Melvin. “I think he’s really confident in what he’s doing.”

The conversation between Melvin and Snell after the top of the seventh was, in Melvin’s words, “quick.” Melvin was planning to remove Snell. Snell told Melvin it would’ve been tough for him to complete nine, anyway. At that point, there was no reason to send Snell back out for the eighth.

Snell broke into a smile and made his way down the dugout for a series of hugs and high-fives, clearly content with Melvin’s decision.

“I understand my body really well,” Snell said. “With how hard I was throwing today, it's just not worth it. I understand a no-hitter is an amazing accomplishment, and it's so hard to do. I also understand how much I value health. I'm just not going to push for that. It's an individual accolade.”

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

The top 25 free agents this offseason

January 7th, 2025

Dodgers poised for another Series run in '25

January 3rd, 2025

The best baseball players born on Oct. 1

October 1st, 2024

Padres take care of business vs. Sox, turn sights to clinching berth

September 22nd, 2024

• Every pitcher removed deep into a no-hit bid

More meaningful to Snell, a pending free agent, was the the possibility he might have made his last as a Padre at Petco Park.

“I understand what it means to put on this jersey,” he said. “If this is going to be my last start, I wanted it to be something special. I wasn’t envisioning that.”

Robert Suarez relieved Snell with a hitless eighth. Hader surrendered two hits in the ninth but he escaped without any damage, setting the stage for Bogaerts.

The Padres, of course, have been notoriously poor in close games this season. They entered play Tuesday 20-41 in games decided by one or two runs and 3-10 in games that were tied after eight. They hadn’t recorded a walk-off of any kind since Ha-Seong Kim homered against the D-backs -- on April 3.

But these Padres suddenly look … different.

They’ve won six straight and are playing their best baseball of the season. With their deficit in the NL Wild Card race at 5 1/2 games with 10 to play, it’s almost assuredly going to be too little too late. But they aren’t choosing to view it that way.

Said Bogaerts: “Better late than never.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Nonetheless, Snell’s dominance has been a constant. He’s now in the midst of a 22-start stretch spanning the past four months, in which he’s posted a remarkable 1.26 ERA. In that span, he has allowed a grand total of 19 runs.

Not only does Snell lead the Majors in ERA. He also leads the Majors in opponent’s batting average (.181) and hits per nine innings (5.7), and he’s second in strikeouts (227). 

And, yes, Snell also leads the Majors in walks. Were he to win the Cy Young, Snell would be the first pitcher to do so while ranking atop the league in walks since Hall of Famer Early Wynn did so for the 1959 White Sox.

But a game like this one offered the perfect example of how Snell has been so dominant despite the walks. He doesn’t allow those walks to score because, well, he doesn’t allow hits. He rarely allows contact.

Really, Snell’s outing Tuesday was emblematic of his entire Cy Young case. Hoo boy, would it have been something special without so many walks. He might’ve gone nine. He might’ve completed the franchise’s second no-hitter by himself.

But you know what? Even with the walks, what Snell had to offer -- on Tuesday night and throughout the entire season -- has been utterly dominant, nonetheless.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Blake Snell
Xander Bogaerts

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/blake-snell-pitches-7-hitless-innings-before-padres-walk-off 
 ----- 
