This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
SAVE
ACCEPT ALL
REJECT ALL
CLOSE
Weather
43°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
Faith-based group pushes UnitedHealth Group to study denials in wake of CEO murder
The great Ben Fountain left Dallas, but Dallas may never let him go
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Next year’s champs? Despite QB1′s likely exit, Sarkisian’s Longhorns are set up for future
Dallas-area chicken restaurant is one of the best in the country, Southern Living says
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was ‘plainly’ wrong, special counsel tells court
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Takeaways from the Rangers’ win vs. the Red Sox: Nathan Eovaldi notches encouraging start
Also, Leody Taveras’ strong day extends his resurgent month, and Corey Seager’s hitless streak came to an end.

By Shawn McFarland

Texas Rangers reporter

Sep. 19, 2023
|
Updated 10:05 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Nathan Eovaldi (17) delivers during the second inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Globe Life Field in Arlington, Texas, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023. (Chitose Suzuki / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON — Here are three takeaways from the Rangers’ 6-4 win over the Boston Red Sox on Tuesday night at Globe Life Field, a victory which snapped a four-game losing streak.

Nathan Eovaldi delivers encouraging start

Eovaldi’s start vs. his former team on Tuesday was his longest since his return from the injured list on Sep. 5. He threw 82 pitches and lasted five innings — both his most since July 18 vs. Tampa Bay — and allowed three earned runs on four hits, three walks and three strikeouts.

The All-Star right-hander cruised through his first two innings on 23 pitches before his command slipped in the third: Eovaldi walked two batters, hit another, and gave up three runs on back-to-back singles from Masataka Yoshida and Adam Duvall.

The good news is that it didn’t derail his day. Eovaldi pitched a perfect fourth inning with two strikeouts — one on the splitter (Connor Wong) and another on the fastball (Bobby Dalbec) — then induced a 5-6-3 double play in the fifth to face the minimum.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Leody Taveras has rebounded in a big way

The first half of Leody Taveras’ season — in which he hit .295 with an .812 OPS before the All-Star break — was a pleasant surprise and a significant boost to the Rangers’ lineup. His .194 batting average in 25 August games, though, suggested he’d come back down to Earth.

ADVERTISEMENT

Whether or not Taveras can sustain a near-.300 batting average is one thing; most importantly, for now, is that he’s back to delivering quality at-bats.

Taveras is slashing .383/.453/.489 in his last 15 games and hitting .283 in his last 30, and on Tuesday, helped engineer the Rangers’ comeback win. He worked a leadoff walk in the seventh inning and scored on a Marcus Semien single to make it 3-2, then, in the eighth, drove in the go-ahead run (Jonah Heim, double) with a single up the middle to give Texas a 4-3 lead.

The 25-year-old reached base in each of his three plate appearances with two walks and the RBI single. Texas’ No. 6-9 hitters as a whole — Adolis Garcia, Jonah Heim, Taveras and Evan Carter — reached base a combined nine times.

Speaking of broken slumps: could Seager’s soon be over?

The best way to describe Corey Seager’s second season as a Ranger: he’s hit so well that it’s left some wondering if he could challenge all-world superstar Shohei Ohtani of the Los Angeles Angels for the AL MVP award.

ADVERTISEMENT

One reason for that: Seager’s consistency, and the way in which he’s largely avoided slumps this season.

ADVERTISEMENT

It took until September, but, Seager finally hit a skid. He entered Tuesday’s game 0 for his last 12, then went 0 for 3 in his first two at-bats vs. Boston with two strikeouts. But, in the Rangers’ two-run seventh inning, Seager singled and scored a run. He reached on an error in his fifth at bat in the bottom of the eighth.

If the Rangers have any hope of clinching a postseason berth, they need Seager at or near his best. They’ll hope that this snapped hitless-streak can be a sign that his All-Star form has returned.

On Twitter/X: @McFarland_Shawn

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By Shawn McFarland

Shawn covers the Texas Rangers and other Dallas-area sports for The News. He joined The Dallas Morning News after covering UConn basketball, football and high school sports for The Hartford Courant. A Boston area native, Shawn graduated from Springfield College in 2018 and previously worked for The Boston Globe and Baseball America.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
2
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
3
Next year’s champs? Despite QB1′s likely exit, Sarkisian’s Longhorns are set up for future
4
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
5
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/09/19/takeaways-from-the-rangers-win-vs-the-red-sox-nathan-eovaldi-notches-encouraging-start/ 
 ----- 
