Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  American League  /  AL West  /  Texas Rangers
Rangers Win Rollercoaster Affair Against Red Sox
By Nate Miller
Photo by Sam Hodde/Getty Images
Categories Boston Red Sox Texas Rangers
September 19, 2023
Rangers 6, Red Sox 4

ARLINGTON, Tex. (Sep 19) — The Texas Rangers evened their series with the Boston Red Sox by winning 6–4, Tuesday night. Adolis Garcia got the offense started with a solo home run in the second inning. With this win, the Rangers were able to snap their four-game losing streak. They were also able to gain a game on the Houston Astros, who lost 9–5 to the Baltimore Orioles earlier in the evening. The Rangers will go for the series win on Wednesday afternoon. First pitch is scheduled for 1:05 pm Central at Globe Life Field. Right-hander Brayan Bello (12–9, 3.71 ERA) will take the mound for the Red Sox, and fellow righty Jon Gray (8–8, 4.05 ERA) will get the start for the Rangers.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications
Welcome Back, Adolis


Garcia made his return to the Rangers lineup on Monday. He spent a couple weeks on the injured list after chasing a fly ball against the Houston Astros. The Rangers’ offense started on Tuesday with a solo shot to right-center by Garcia off Tanner Houck in the bottom of the second. It was his 35th of the season, and it set a new career-high for Garcia. The Red Sox tied it in the top of the third on a groundout by Justin Turner that allowed Bobby Dalbec to score.

Dalbec drew a walk earlier in the inning with Nathan Eovaldi on the mound for the Rangers. The Red Sox took a 3–1 lead later in the frame. Luis Urias and Rafael Devers scored on a single to center by Masataka Yoshida. The Rangers showed signs of life in the bottom of the seventh

Rangers Take Lead in Seventh

They cut the lead to 3–2 on a single to left by Marcus Semien that plated Leody Taveras. The Rangers tied it in the bottom of the sixth off Red Sox reliever Mauricio Llovera. Garcia scored on a double to right by Jonah Heim. It was the 86th RBI for Heim, which ties him with Ivan Rodriguez‘ 1996 season for third-most in a single season by a Rangers catcher. Rodriguez also holds the top two spots in that category.

On deck was Taveras, who brought in Heim with a single to center to make it 4–3 Rangers. Rangers lefty Andrew Heaney came in in relief in the top of the seventh moments before the Red Sox tied it 4–4. Dalbec scored on a fielder’s choice and a throwing error by Corey Seager. The Rangers grabbed a 5–4 lead in the bottom of the seventh for Chris Murphy. Josh Jung scored Semien on a single to center off reliever John Schreiber. They extended it 6–4 on a bases loaded walk to Heim that brought in Seager. Seager previously reached on a single to right.

Early Night for Bochy


Rangers manager Bruce Bochy took an early trip back to his office in this one. In the top of the seventh, Bochy took exception to the strike zone of home plate umpire Ben May. It marks the fourth ejection for Bochy this year. This writer overheard several spectators in the stands remark about how it wasn’t just the strike zone that Bochy was upset about. They were of the mindset that these past several weeks were starting to get to Bochy, and his frustration on Tuesday cost him an early walk back to his office.

Five Innings for Eovaldi

Eovaldi avoided the loss despite exiting with the Rangers trailing 3–1 after the fifth inning. His line on the night was 5 IP, 4 H, 3 R-ER, 3 BB, 3 SO, 82 pitches/48 strikes. It marked his highest innings and pitch count totals since being activated from the 15-day Injured List on September 5. Eovaldi has gone 0–1 with a 6.75 ERA with 10 strikeouts and nine walks in four starts since returning from the injury. Aroldis Chapman walked away with the winning decision after pitching 1 2/3 innings in which he struck out three. His record is now 6–4 with an ERA of 2.75. Jose Leclerc pitched a perfect ninth inning to earn his third save of the year.

Houck allowed two earned runs in four innings, as reliever Brennan Bernardino stranded both of Houck’s inherited runners in the fifth. It matched his shortest start of the season. Red Sox starters had pitched six-plus innings in four straight starts prior to Tuesday, which had matched rotation’s longest such span in ’23 (also June 9-12). Murphy took the loss for the Red Sox. He is now 1–2 with an ERA of 4.73.

Postgame Comments

After the game, Bochy reflected on his team’s effort. He said, “This was a great team win. Obviously these past couple of weeks haven’t been what you want to see, but that’s baseball. You work with what you’ve got. Thankfully we have Josh Jung and Doli (Adolis Garcia) back. Doli had some great at-bats tonight, and at one point we thought he would be out the rest of the season. Also, Nate (Nathan Eovaldi) did great for us, and we’re hoping this can get us going here toward the end.”

 

 

More Boston Red Sox Articles
Article navigation
← Rangers use Back-to-Back Homers to Beat Red Sox
More Texas Rangers Articles
Article navigation
← Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Rangers Crumble in Series Opener to Red Sox
Diamondbacks Use Speed to Beat Giants →
 

 

Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Categories Boston Red Sox Texas Rangers
Tags 2023 Boston Red Sox 2023 Texas Rangers Adolis Garcia Bruce Bochy Jonah Heim Leody Taveras Masataka Yoshida Nathan Eovaldi Rafael Devers Tanner Houck
Share "Rangers Win Rollercoaster Affair Against Red Sox" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More Texas Rangers News
Rangers Trade Nathaniel Lowe to Nationals
Texas Rangers
Rangers Sign Hoby Milner to One-Year Deal
Texas Rangers
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
Texas Rangers
Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
Texas Rangers
Rangers Trade Nathaniel Lowe to Nationals
Texas Rangers
Rangers Sign Hoby Milner to One-Year Deal
Texas Rangers
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
Texas Rangers
Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
Texas Rangers
Nate Miller

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com

Welcome to sportrelay.com

sportrelay.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/09/19/rangers-red-sox-20230919/ 
 ----- 
