This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
SAVE
ACCEPT ALL
REJECT ALL
CLOSE
Weather
43°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
Faith-based group pushes UnitedHealth Group to study denials in wake of CEO murder
The great Ben Fountain left Dallas, but Dallas may never let him go
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Next year’s champs? Despite QB1′s likely exit, Sarkisian’s Longhorns are set up for future
Dallas-area chicken restaurant is one of the best in the country, Southern Living says
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was ‘plainly’ wrong, special counsel tells court
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Aroldis Chapman arrived as Rangers’ bullpen savior vs. Red Sox
On Tuesday, it took a multiple-inning outing, something 35-year-old fireballer.

By Shawn McFarland

Texas Rangers reporter

Sep. 19, 2023
|
Updated 11:32 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Texas Rangers relief pitcher Aroldis Chapman (45) delivers during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Boston Red Sox at Globe Life Field in Arlington, Texas, Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023. (Chitose Suzuki / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON — Here’s how quickly things can change. Things in the midst of a suffocatingly close playoff race, specifically.

First, these comments from Texas Rangers manager Bruce Bochy regarding relief pitcher Aroldis Chapman, spoken sometime around 3:50 p.m. on Tuesday afternoon: “We’re trying to stay away from multiple innings.”

Second, these comments from Bochy after Chapman pitched 1 and 2/3 perfect innings in the Rangers’ 6-4 win over the Boston Red Sox later that evening: “He saved us, no doubt.”

So, why the sudden change of heart? Well, look at the juncture these Rangers are in — now a half-game up on the Seattle Mariners for the AL’s third wild card berth, and a half-game behind the Houston Astros for the AL West lead — and look at the state of the Rangers’ bullpen, which has an AL-worst 6.38 ERA since Aug. 16.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Put it this way, Bochy said: “We’ve got to find a way to win ballgames.”

Chapman, who earned his sixth win of the season on Tuesday, delivered one.

ADVERTISEMENT

“[I] felt really good,” Chapman said through interpreter Raul Cardenas. “The last outings [I] had before that weren’t as good as [I] wanted to, [I’ve] been going out there, gotten a lot of rest, and feels great, ready to do whatever the team needs [me] to do to help win some games.”

On Tuesday, it took a multiple-inning outing, something 35-year-old fireballer hadn’t done since he blew a two-inning save against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Aug. 21. Chapman, in a 4-4 game, replaced Andrew Heaney in the seventh inning with runners on the corners and one out; he struck out Rafael Devers on a 102.7 mile per hour sinker, then got Justin Turner to hit into an inning-ending groundout off of a low slider. Chapman’s strikeout of Devers was his 1,143rd career relief punchout, which moved him past Francisco Rodriguez to 10th all-time in MLB history.

In the eighth — after the Rangers re-took the lead in the bottom half of the seventh — Chapman got Masataka Yoshida to groundout, then struck out Adam Duvall (100.5 mph sinker) and Trevor Story (101 mph sinker) to cap a shutdown relief inning.

“You need your guy out there,” said Bochy, who’d been ejected by home plate umpire Ben May prior to Chapman’s insertion into the game. “What a job he did, that was really impressive, the stuff he threw.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:Rangers’ Adolis García and Josh Jung returned at just the right time
ADVERTISEMENT

Chapman hadn’t pitched prior to Tuesday since Sep. 12 in Toronto. The seven-day layoff, Bochy confirmed pregame, had less to do with Chapman and more to do with the rest of Texas’ bullpen. By way of early blowouts, busted starts and a shaky relief bridge into the eighth inning, Bochy hadn’t seen many opportunities to insert the seven-time All-Star into any games.

Chapman warmed up to pitch the ninth inning in Monday’s loss to the Red Sox, but after Will Smith gave up three eighth-inning runs and blew the Rangers’ 13th save in their last 16 attempts, there wasn’t much need.

“Just trying to get to him,” Bochy said pregame. “Could we pitch him in the eighth? That’s a thought, we could do that.”

They did on Tuesday. After starter Nathan Eovaldi pitched five innings of three-run ball, Chris Stratton followed with a scoreless sixth inning before starter-turned-reliever Andrew Heaney took the seventh. Heaney gave up a one-out double to Dalbec and walked No. 9 hitter Luis Urias before inducing a double-play-worthy groundball from Alex Verdugo; shortstop Corey Seager fielded it and missed second baseman Marcus Semien with his throw, allowing Dalbec to score the tying run.

ADVERTISEMENT

Then came Chapman.

Then came, on Tuesday at least, a bullpen savior.

ADVERTISEMENT

“There’s been some struggles and whatnot,” Chapman said of the bullpen. “But these guys go out there and work hard every day. [Our] intents are to come out here and win. Things are going well right now, so we’re just going to roll with it.”

On Twitter: @McFarland_Shawn

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By Shawn McFarland

Shawn covers the Texas Rangers and other Dallas-area sports for The News. He joined The Dallas Morning News after covering UConn basketball, football and high school sports for The Hartford Courant. A Boston area native, Shawn graduated from Springfield College in 2018 and previously worked for The Boston Globe and Baseball America.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
2
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
3
Next year’s champs? Despite QB1′s likely exit, Sarkisian’s Longhorns are set up for future
4
Video: ATVs take over empty lot near downtown Dallas
5
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/09/19/aroldis-chapman-arrived-as-rangers-bullpen-savior-vs-red-sox/ 
 ----- 
