Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Argentina
Joe Schmidt Gives Blunt Verdict On Harry Wilson’s Captaincy Credentials For Wallabies
Joe Schmidt gives blunt verdict on Harry Wilson’s captaincy credentials for Wallabies
David Skippers
30 Aug 2024 4:10 PM

Wallabies captain Harry Wilson and head coach Joe Schmidt.

After naming Harry Wilson as a surprise choice as captain for the Wallabies, head coach Joe Schmidt is backing the number eight to lead by example when they face Argentina on Saturday.

After a year in the Test wilderness, Wilson’s fortunes have changed for the better after Schmidt entrusted him with the captaincy and, in doing so, he will become the Wallabies’ 90th Test captain.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>
Backed to succeed as captain

Despite being ignored by former Wallabies coach Eddie Jones during the 2023 season, Schmidt has recalled the Reds back-row and believes he is the right fit for the leadership role.

The 24-year-old is Australia’s fourth skipper this year – after Liam Wright, James Slipper and Allan Alaalatoa – but Schmidt feels his elevation to the captaincy is richly deserved.

“Harry’s been really good for us and I think he’s led himself really well,” Schmidt told reporters.

David Campese’s predictions: Springboks and All Blacks to play out ‘brutal and thrilling’ Ellis Park classic as Wallabies front ‘hostile’ Pumas

“He has a natural propensity to express himself well, but with very few words, and I don’t think that we want to be doing too much talking, it’s about the actions that he’s going to deliver and lead from the front effectively.

Ad
Who will win in Buenos Aires?
Argentina
Australia

‘A lot of confidence around Harry’

“We’re pretty happy with the selection amongst the coaching group and even talking to some of the players about who would be best to step up, there was a lot of confidence around Harry.”

Rookie front-row echoed Isaac Kailea his coach’s sentiments and said Wilson‘s style of play rubs off on his team-mates, who will follow his example when they head into battle.

Ad

“He plays with such passion and it’s pretty infectious as a younger player,” said the 24-year-old loosehead.

“You see a guy with so much want to play as well as he can, you just want to play for him as well.”

Ad

READ MORE: Argentina and Australia team winners and losers: Los Pumas legend set for final bow while new Wallabies captain keen to shine

Argentina
Harry Wilson
Joe Schmidt
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
01 Jan 2025
Wallabies progress under Joe Schmidt receives blunt verdict from Laurie Fisher

Wallabies forwards coach Laurie Fisher gives his verdict on the team's recent progress under the guidance of head coach Joe Schmidt.

David Skippers
20 Dec 2024
Wallabies: Rookie front-row a shock selection for camp as part of Lions build-up

Wallabies boss Joe Schmidt has included a rookie front-row in a 40-man squad for a three-day training camp in Sydney in January.

Colin Newboult
11 Dec 2024
Identity of Joe Schmidt’s likely successor revealed as Rugby Australia anger club by ‘speaking’ to top candidate – report

Rugby Australia may have already found their next head coach should Joe Schmidt depart.

David Skippers
10 Dec 2024
Joe Schmidt and Rugby Australia set for showdown talks on Wallabies contract situation

Rugby Australia have revealed that they could have an update on Wallabies head coach Joe Schmidt's contract situation some time this week.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
35 minutes ago
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
2 hours ago
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
2 hours ago
1
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
3 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
4 hours ago
7
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
1 hour ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/joe-schmidt-gives-blunt-verdict-on-harry-wilsons-captaincy-credentials-for-wallabies 
 ----- 
