Skip to content
Subscribe Now
35°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
SPORTSSPORTS COLUMNISTSOpinion, Opinion Columnist
Keeler: Nuggets need Russell Westbrook to be agitator, Bruce Brown-style, not just facilitator
Coach Michael Malone needs that Bruce Brown edge back. He doesn’t need Russ to be Bubble Jamal. They need him to be Bubble Dwight Howard.
Russell Westbrook (4) of the Denver Nuggets walks down the court during the first quarter against the Phoenix Suns at Ball Arena in Denver on Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024. (Photo by AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post)
By SEAN KEELER | skeeler@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: October 18, 2024 at 1:54 PM MDT

Less Yoda, more Vader. The Nuggets don’t need Russell Westbrook to be Bubble Jamal. They need him to be Bubble Dwight.

As in Howard.

Circa 2020.

(Booooooooooooo!)

Want to stick a fork in Minnesota? Stick an elbow in Ant.

Want to make OKC go AWOL? Scramble Alex Caruso’s brain.

Want to drive Dallas crazy? Play mind games with Kyrie.

A pernicious preseason, combined with watching the Avs run out of players by Indigenous Peoples’ Day, might have you already contemplating the unthinkable about the 2023 NBA champs. Don’t. As long as Nikola Jokic lives and breathes and shuffles, this is a playoff team.

Now. Is it a top-four-in-the-West playoff team? That depends on Jamal Murray’s knee. And Jamal Murray’s calf. And Jamal Murray’s tibia.

It depends on whether Julian Strawther turns a corner that Christian Braun, bless him, just hasn’t yet. It depends on whether Michael Porter Jr. adds new tricks to his bag to go along with all that new muscle.

It depends on whether Westbrook embraces being a pro wrestling heel. The guy you love to hate, unless he’s on your roster. And now he is.

“When people boo you, they understand that it’s a level of respect, and that’s the reason,” the future Pro Basketball Hall of Famer, who’ll turn 36 next month, said recently. “If people don’t say anything, then you should be worried. And for me, I take it as a level of respect.”

The Nuggets didn’t sign Russ to replicate his 2017 MVP season. Or to be a volume shooter on a roster where the ball goes through Jokic and Murray first.

They brought him in to be Blue Arrow insurance. Cover for both over the 82-game marathon and for the postseason cage matches that follow. They brought him in to scrap and pester. To teach, coordinate and mentor the kids on the second unit. To facilitate runouts. To turn defense into quick, easy offense.

Basically, to replicate all those Bruce Brown ’22-23 things, save for the shooting.

Which includes being a complete pain in the tuchus. A physical tone-setter.

The Nuggets of six months ago had lost their edge. Oh, sure, they flashed some spunk in the postseason. They needed more punk.

Denver became Midwest nice at a Mile High. It needed somebody to stick their head into one of the Timberwolves’ huddles. Somebody who’d try to make Karl Anthony-Towns’ head explode like a Roman candle.

The NBA playoffs are a dirty business. The Nuggets tried to defend their title with plastic cutlery from your nephew’s birthday party.

“It’s funny. I think when people talk about Russell Westbrook, no one really mentions defense,” Nuggets coach Michael Malone said. “They mention how quick he is, how explosive he is, the rebounds and the playmaking.

“When we went back and watched his defense last year, (at the) end of games, he was on the opposing team’s best player every night. Every night. So you have a guy that you can close the game with (in) Russell Westbrook. Who knows the league, knows personnel, has a respect (from) the officials, and has a competitive … mindset that I love. And other people (love) as well.”

Malone needs an agitator almost as much as he does a facilitator. A savvy, veteran set of fingernails to scrape down the Western Conference’s collective chalkboard.

Remember how much you hated Howard during the playoffs four years ago? Talk about a master class in villainy. The Lakers’ (boooooooo!) veteran backup center, then 34, was transitioning from 15 seasons as a starter to being Anthony Davis’ backup — an old man chasing his first ring. Sound familiar?

“I’m a team guy,” Westbrook said. “Whatever the coach asks of me, that’s what I’ll do. … Whatever my role is, whatever is needed for me to be able to win games, that’s what I’ll do.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Keeler: Broncos’ Bo Nix is ready for playoff battles with Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes in brutal AFC. “He’s built for this moment”
Broncos scouting report: How Denver matches up with Bills and predictions
Sean Keeler named Colorado Sportswriter of the Year for 2024
Keeler: Broncos, Von Miller reunion in AFC Wild Card game “bittersweet” for Denver legend
Broncos playoff roundtable: How did Sean Payton’s team exceed expectations, reach Wild Card showdown at Buffalo?

They need mama badgers. Mosquitos. Charged with slowing down the Joker, Howard bumped. He shoved and swatted, poked and prodded. For about 10 days, he turned the world of a future 3-time NBA MVP upside down.

“(Jokic is) an awesome player and I’ve loved watching his growth from when he came into the league until now,” Howard told reporters during the 2020 Western Conference Finals. “For me, as soon as I step on the court, I want to let him know that I’m there.

“Since we’re staying at the same hotel, I might meet him right outside his room and let him know that for the rest of the series, ‘I’m gonna be right there. Locked onto you.'”

You know the rest of the story. A little dirty went a long way. All the way, now that you mention it. The Nuggets desperately need role players. The best part left calls for an Emperor Palpatine type.

“Russell was in the gym (recently), and there was just a different energy,” Malone said. “I can’t explain it.”

It might get loud. It might get uncomfortable. It might get nasty. If it finally brings Westbrook a ring, nobody’s going to give a Sith.

Want more Nuggets news? Sign up for the Nuggets Insider to get all our NBA analysis.

Originally Published: October 18, 2024 at 10:15 AM MDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Couple Find Old Suitcase in Attic, Then Someone Knocks on Their Door
dailysportx
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Really Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Urologist: Swollen Prostate? Do This Immediately
Health News | Prostate
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Leave You Baffled!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Find Unbelievable Car Deals Near You!
Car Deals Near You
North Charleston: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Going Bald? Do This Immediately if Your Hair is Thinning (It's Genius)
WG Hair Restore
Neuropathy: Simple Method Helps Nerve Pain Disappear (At Home)
WellnessGaze Neuro
15 Worst Breakfast Foods You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Doctor: if You Have Joint, Knee or Back Pain - Try This
Healthier Living Tips
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Neuropathy? When the Nerve Pain Won't Stop, Do This
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
Sciatica and Back Pain? Try This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Back Health
Wrinkles? Forget Botox, Do This at Home
WellnessGaze Skin
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
Renck: In Walton-Penner ownership group, Broncos have found their next Pat Bowlen, but they do it their own way
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
Aurora seeks emergency closure of troubled Edge of Lowry apartments as complex reaches “breaking point”
Why did federal agents seize — and then return — $5 million worth of switchblades from a Colorado man?
Justice Department investigating Douglas County School District’s response to racial discrimination, bullying of students
Colorado Supreme Court chief justice calls for more judges as courts emerge from "crucible"
Aurora man defrauded millions in COVID-19 relief and used money to buy luxury cars, indictment alleges
Broncos starting QBs since Peyton Manning, 2025 edition: Where are they now?
Denver pizza shop reopens in new space in Santa Fe art district
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS COLUMNISTS
Renck: In Walton-Penner ownership group, Broncos have found their next Pat Bowlen, but they do it their own way
Keeler: Broncos’ Bo Nix is ready for playoff battles with Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes in brutal AFC. “He’s built for this moment”
Renck: Sean Payton is reason Broncos can win Sunday. Bill Parcells’ influence helped shape him
Sean Keeler named Colorado Sportswriter of the Year for 2024
2024
October
18
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/10/18/russell-westbrook-bruce-brown-dwight-howard-nuggets/ 
 ----- 
