Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Minnesota Timberwolves Release Player After Nuggets Game
The Minnesota Timberwolves have waived Eugene Omoruyi.
Ben Stinar | Oct 18, 2024
Mar 17, 2024; Washington, District of Columbia, USA; Washington Wizards forward Eugene Omoruyi (97) looks on against the Boston Celtics during the second half of the game at Capital One Arena. Mandatory Credit: Scott Taetsch-Imagn Images / Scott Taetsch-Imagn Images

Eugene Omoruyi is coming off a year where he appeared in 48 games for the Washington Wizards.

He finished the season with averages of 4.8 points and 2.0 rebounds per contest while shooting 48.5% from the field and 28.3% from the three-point range.

Over the offseason, Omoruyi signed a deal with the Minnesota Timberwolves.

However, the Timberwolves have now waived him before the start of the 2024-25 season.

Via Timberwolves PR: "NEWS: @Timberwolves Waive forward Eugene Omoruyi."

Omoruyi has spent part of three seasons in the NBA with the Washington Wizards, Oklahoma City Thunder, Detroit Pistons and Dallas Mavericks.

His career averages are 5.7 points and 2.3 rebounds per contest while shooting 46.0% from the field and 28.5% from the three-point range in 87 games.

Mar 16, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Washington Wizards forward Eugene Omoruyi (97) dunks the ball against the Chicago Bulls during the second half at United Center. Mandatory Credit: David Banks-Imagn Images / David Banks-Imagn Images

In addition to the NBA, Omoruyi has also spent time in the G League.

Last year, he averaged 18.4 points, 6.5 rebounds, 2.8 assists and 1.0 steals per contest while shooting 51.4% from the field 33.3% from the three-point range in eight regular season games.

The Timberwolves played their final game of the preseason on Thursday evening (at home) against the Denver Nuggets.

They lost by a score of 132-126 to finish the preseason with a 2-3 record in five games.

On October 22, the Timberwolves will open up the regular season when they visit LeBron James and the Los Angeles Lakers.

Oct 13, 2024; New York, New York, USA; Minnesota Timberwolves head coach Chris Finch reacts during the first half against the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images / Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images

The Timberwolves are coming off a fantastic season where they reached the Western Conference Finals for the first time since 2004 (20 years ago).

Published Oct 18, 2024|Modified Oct 18, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/minnesota-timberwolves-release-player-after-nuggets-game-nba-preseason 
 ----- 
