Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Zion Williamson #1 of the New Orleans Pelicans blocks a shot from Lu Dort #5 of the Oklahoma City Thunder.
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Zion Williamson
Power forward ramped up his defensive playmaking in latter half of 2023-24
Jim Eichenhofer
October 16, 20249:00 AM CDT

Zion Williamson’s combination of prolific scoring (career average of 24.7 points) and efficient shooting (59 percent on field goals) sometimes puts him in some historic, exclusive company. For example, Williamson has registered three NBA games with 30-plus points on 90-percent plus shooting from the field – only perennial All-Star centers Wilt Chamberlain and Dwight Howard have achieved that single-game feat more frequently.

The result? A pair of All-Star appearances (2021, 2023) and recognition as a top-25 player this offseason from websites such as The Ringer, CBS and Hoops Hype. For the 24-year-old power forward to climb even further up those rankings, however, he may need to continue to bump up a couple numbers at the other end of the floor in 2024-25.

During the final months of last season, Williamson produced a five-block performance in an April 7 win at Phoenix, along with six other multi-block games (compared to a total of one through October, November, December and January). He had a career-high six steals in a riveting April 12 victory at Golden State, one night after his three-steal outing in a triumph in Sacramento.

That kind of defensive energy and disruptiveness often ignites the Pelicans in transition, where Williamson’s finishing ability above the rim is particularly dangerous.

“I’ve seen a ton of growth from Z,” Pelicans head coach Willie Green said of Williamson’s defense. “He’s taken a ton of pride in guarding his yard, his opponent. On the weakside, he does have a knack for getting steals and getting out on the break. His teammates are challenging him, and he’s answering the bell.”

After being limited to 114 career games from 2019-23, Williamson appeared in a career-high 70 contests last season. Though he missed the Oklahoma City playoff series due to a hamstring injury sustained in his 40-point play-in showcase vs. the Lakers, he spent the summer focused on maintaining top-level physical shape.

“Whenever I’m in great condition, I feel like my play at both ends of the floor is at a high level,” Williamson said. “Not just offensively.”

Indeed, Green recognized a different mentality from the Duke product as 2023-24 progressed.

“He’s definitely taking (defense) personally,” Green said. “I think he gets upset at (Pelicans coaches) when we say we’re going to send a double (team). He gives us a look like, ‘Nah, uh uh, we’re not doubling now.’ That’s good. That’s what you want from your prime-time guys. You want them to take the challenge. He’s done it. You saw last season toward the end of the year… he was switching, he was guarding, getting blocks, he was (providing) weakside help.”

Williamson said on Media Day that his only goals for 2024-25 are for the Pelicans to have success as a team, and for him to make his NBA playoff debut. His potential to maximize his sky-high talent is a primary reason many NBA analysts are projecting a top-six finish for New Orleans in the Western Conference.

“When he’s healthy and of the right (mindset), I think he’s a monster,” Pelicans guard CJ McCollum told NBA TV. “It starts with his conditioning, his habits, how he recovers from treatment… all of those things will be crucial for him to string together another 70-plus games into the playoffs.”

Green: “When his conditioning is elite, there’s not much he can’t do. That never gets old – seeing his talent, his ability, his IQ for the game, his ability to pass. There’s just not a lot he can’t do on the basketball floor.”

Tags
ZION WILLIAMSON
Related Articles
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Zion Williamson
Will Guillory talks Zion Williamson, Pelicans' potential | Pelicans Podcast
Pelicans Media Day notebook: Zion Williamson says 'I've got to win. Winning cures all'
Zion Williamson 'looking to build on' major strides he made during 2023-24 season
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/zion-williamson-forward-pelicans-2024-preseason-profile 
 ----- 
