Select:
ESPAÑA
SUBSCRIBE
LOG IN
Sports
OLYMPIC GAMES
NBA
SUPER BOWL
F1
REAL MADRID
FC BARCELONA
LATEST NEWS
BASEBALL
The AL West is headed for a wild finish between the Astros, Rangers and Mariners
The reigning World Series champion Astros will go into the final 10 days of the regular season with only a half-game lead in the AL West over both Seattle and Texas after all were off Thursday
Houston Astros' Alex Bregman celebrates his home run with teammates in the dugout against the Baltimore Orioles in the third inning at Minute Maid Park, in Houston, Texas, on Sept. 19, 2023.
THOMAS SHEA (USA TODAY SPORTS VIA REUTERS CON)
AP
Arlington (Texas) - SEP 21, 2023 - 22:29 CEST

This time of year, Houston Astros manager Dusty Baker is usually starting to think about getting some rest for his everyday players and putting together pitching plans for the playoffs. Not yet this season in what is shaping up for a wild West finish in the American League.

The reigning World Series champion Astros will go into the final 10 days of the regular season with only a half-game lead in the AL West over both Seattle and Texas, after all were off Thursday. The Mariners play their final 10 games against those other two teams.

“These tight (races), they can build character. So, let’s see what kind of character we’ve got,” Baker said.

“It’s kind of cool to see three teams fighting for one spot, two spots with the wild card,” Mariners first baseman Ty France said. “It’s exactly how we wanted to finish, and hopefully we can take care of business.”

Seattle opens a three-game series at Texas on Friday night with those teams tied for the American League’s third and final wild-card spot, and Toronto right ahead of them. The Mariners then go home for three games against Houston and four more against the Rangers.

Houston has 85 wins after their walk-off victory Wednesday over AL-best Baltimore to stay in front and avoid being swept at home. That is one more win than the Mariners and Rangers — all three teams have 68 losses.

The Astros pretty comfortably won each of the last five AL West titles determined over full 162-game schedules, including by 16 games last season. They have been to the AL Championship Series six years in a row, even as a 29-31 wild card during the Covid-altered 2020 season. They went to the World Series four times in that span, winning two of them.

Only 39-39 at home, the Astros host 102-loss Kansas City this weekend before going to Seattle and NL wild-card contender Arizona.

“I don’t think it’s going to be a problem for us to go out there and focus and win some games,” said Astros second baseman Jose Altuve, adding that their past success should help them.

Texas, already ensured its first winning record since 2016, led the AL West for 148 of the season’s first 149 days through Aug. 26. But the Rangers had lost 20 of 30 games before back-to-back wins over Boston.

“It’s been a heck of a ride… some steep, steep hills, up and down. It’s unlike I’ve seen, to be honest, when you look at this roller-coaster ride,” said Rangers manager Bruce Bochy, a three-time World Series champion with San Francisco before being out of the dugout the past three seasons.

“But I missed it… If you told me I’d been in this situation last year when I wasn’t doing this, I would have done a cartwheel around this ballpark.”

The Rangers have two multiple Cy Young Award winners, but Jacob deGrom (elbow surgery) hasn’t pitched since April and trade-deadline acquisition Max Scherzer is on the injured list with a strained muscle in his shoulder. Five of their six All-Stars have been on the IL since that July 11 game, with slugger Adolis Garcia and rookie third baseman Josh Jung the last to return this week.

Seattle and Texas last met the first weekend in June, when the Rangers swept three games at home, including 16-6 and 12-3 wins. The Mariners, who last season made the playoffs for the first time since 2001, were then 29-30 and 9 1/2 games out of the division lead.

While only 1-5 against Texas so far, the Mariners have won eight of 10 against the Astros. Houston went 9-4 against the Rangers, hitting 16 homers and outscoring them 39-10 in a three-game road sweep just two weeks ago, to take sole possession of the division lead for the first time all season.

The Mariners had a pair of eight-game winning streaks in August while led by their young star Julio Rodriguez, whose 176 hits are tied with Texas leadoff hitter Marcus Semien for most in the AL. But they lost at least three games in a row three times in September before they swept three games in Oakland this week.

Seattle does have experience with the emotions and swings of a playoff chase. The M’s won 90 games each of the last two seasons, just missing a postseason berth in 2021. They won in the wild-card round against Toronto last year, before Houston swept them in the AL Division Series.

“You lose two games in a row and oh my god, the sky is falling. And then you win two games in a row and everybody’s, ‘Oh, we’re a lock.’ It just comes and goes so quickly,” Seattle manager Scott Servais said. “After you’ve gone through it once or twice like we’ve done the last couple of years, you understand it’s just about today’s game first of all, then move on to the next day. You really can’t control anything else.”

No team controls its destiny as much as Seattle because of the schedule, though the Rangers will try to seize that same opportunity.

“We’ve got a seven-game set with the team that we need to beat the most,” Texas first baseman Nathaniel Lowe said. “It’s right in front of us… It’s going to a week full of like just-about playoff baseball.”

Sign up for our weekly newsletter to get more English-language news coverage from EL PAÍS USA Edition

Sign up to EL PAÍS US Edition bulletin
MORE INFORMATION
Major League Baseball is quite serious about fighting climate change
MIQUEL ECHARRI
The new rules to make baseball more dynamic: Bigger bases, 15 seconds to throw and defensive restrictions
LUIS PABLO BEAUREGARD | LOS ANGELES
ARCHIVED IN
América
Seattle Mariners
Houston Astros
Texas Rangers
Adheres to
More information
If you are interested in licensing this content, please contact ventacontenidos@prisamedia.com
	Sponsored Content
Open your account today!
INTERACTIVE BROKERS
|
Learn More
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaarde.
KIA
|
Meer informatie
Beyond Text Generation: An AI Tool That Helps You Write Better
GRAMMARLY
|
Install Now
And Also...
Man who burned to death in Tesla outside Trump hotel identified as active-duty elite soldier
EL PAÍS
From Hollywood star to homeless bag lady: This is former actress and model Loni Willison today
AS
Aubrey Plaza’s husband dies at 47: What was Jeff Baena’s cause of death?
AS
ÚLTIMAS NOTICIAS
05:00‘The most vile and grotesque freak show that’s ever been on TV’: How Jerry Springer made history by breaking all boundaries
05:00Ants’ collective intelligence exceeds that of humans
05:00The super year for elections: Taking stock of the state of democracy after a period of unprecedented attacks
05:00Lewis Dartnell, biologist: ‘One of the problems with the modern world is a loss of scarcity in many things’
MOST VIEWED
Ringo Starr: ‘The Beatles weren’t partying when doing the tracks. We did that occasionally, and the track was always shit’
Eric Roberts seeks redemption: He apologizes to his sister, Julia Roberts, and now understands why he lost custody of his daughter Emma
Caught by Google Maps: Photo of man putting suspicious bundle in his trunk, key to solving a murder
After having some fingers and his ears removed, The Black Alien abandons his body modification project
Mark Zuckerberg’s image makeover: Why the Meta CEO no longer dresses like a tech nerd
It offers the following browsing modes
Free browsing by accepting cookies
This will involve the use of your browsing information for advertising and content personalization purposes. You will have free access to all but subscriber-only content on this website by accepting cookies and similar tracking technologies.
That advertising is essential for us to continue to provide quality content, effective services to users, and an improved user experience.
We and our 880 partners process data as follows:
- Storage and access to information,
- Sharing data and profiles for analytics and personalized advertising from advertisers for our advertising campaigns,
- Sharing data and profiles for analytics and personalized advertising from advertisers and advertising agencies on the Internet,
- Precise geolocation data and identification through device analytics,
- Personalized advertising and content,
- Advertising and content measurement,
- Audience Research & Service Development
You can remove your consent or set your preferences at any time in our Cookie Policy.
ACCEPT AND CONTINUE
Subscribe and decline
This option will allow you, among other services, unlimited reading of El País on the website and App, access newsletters with exclusive content, unique cultural experiences and comment on news.
If you decide to subscribe, and in accordance with the preferences you grant, you will be able, for example, browse our website without us, or third parties, being able to track you or show you personalized advertising and content.
You can set your privacy preferences at any time after you have completed your subscription process.
You can find more information about the subscription modalities at the following link.
SUBSCRIBE AND DECLINE
Already a subscriber? Log in here.
Legal warning | Cookies policy | Know more
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://english.elpais.com/sports/2023-09-21/the-al-west-is-headed-for-a-wild-finish-between-the-astros-rangers-and-mariners.html 
 ----- 
