Skip to content
Skip to footer
Show Menu
eEdition
9+
Notification Tray
Log In
Subscribe
NEWS
OBITS
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPINION
NAPA
REAL ESTATE
FOOD & WINE
DINING
A&E
EVENTS GUIDE
FUN
J.P. Crawford homers, Jarred Kelenic drives in 2 as Mariners beat A’s 7-2

J.P. Crawford homered in the ninth inning and Jarred Kelenic hit a pair of RBI singles, leading Seattle to victory.

A’s manager Mark Kotsay, left, yells to home plate umpire Ron Kulpa after being ejected by first base umpire Jansen Visconti during the fifth inning Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2023, in Oakland. (Godofredo A. Vásquez / ASSOCIATED PRESS)
JANIE MCCAULEY
ASSOCIATED PRESS
September 19, 2023
2 minute read
Gift this article
Share this article

OAKLAND — J.P. Crawford homered in the ninth inning and Jarred Kelenic hit a pair of RBI singles to support Luis Castillo’s eighth consecutive winning decision, leading the Seattle Mariners over the Athletics 7-2 on Tuesday night.

Castillo (14-7) has won three straight starts and is 8-0 over his last 12 since a July 14 loss to Detroit. He needs one win to match his season high, set with Cincinnati in 2019.

Seattle (83-68) remained tied with Texas for the last AL wild-card berth and closed within a half-game of AL West-leading Houston (84-68).

The A’s (46-105) lost their sixth straight and fell 59 games below .500 for the first time since the Philadelphia A’s were 47-106 on Oct. 2, 1920.

Oakland manager Mark Kotsay was ejected in the fifth by first base umpire Jansen Visconti for arguing a check swing. Then later that inning, Julio Rodriguez’s single was overturned upon review after the A’s challenged. Rodriguez then singled in the ninth for his first hit at the Coliseum this season in 16 at-bats.

The game was played under smoky skies from wildfires in Northern California and Oregon.

Crawford and Teoscar Hernandez each added RBI doubles for Seattle, which jumped on A’s starter Paul Blackburn (4-6) early. He is 5-12 over 27 career games versus AL West teams.

The A’s, who avoided being shut out for the 16th time after a 5-0 defeat Monday, are 1-11 against Seattle this season with one game remaining.

STEAL AWAY

A day after Esteury Ruiz stole two more bases to give him 61 on the year, the Oakland outfielder was caught stealing following a third-inning single — just his 11th time being caught all season.

Ruiz needs six more to break Kenny Lofton’s AL rookie record of 66 set in 1992.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mariners: C Cal Raleigh returned to the lineup following his first day off since July 26 in Monday’s series-opening shutout. He added an RBI single in the seventh and also scored a run on a wild pitch by Easton Lucas.

Athletics: OF JJ Bleday, sidelined since Aug. 14 with a sprained left knee, ran the bases with sliding incorporated and hit early batting practice off the machine. He is scheduled to repeat that baseball activity Thursday, then begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Las Vegas on Friday — playing seven innings of defense before serving as designated hitter Saturday. He could rejoin the A’s for their series in Minnesota beginning Tuesday.

UP NEXT

RHP George Kirby (10-10, 3.57 ERA) pitches Wednesday afternoon’s series finale for Seattle having gone 2-0 for his career vs. Oakland over five previous starts, while the A’s send RHP Joey Estes to the mound for his major league debut. He will be the 61st pitcher in Oakland history to start in his debut and fifth this season.

COPY ARTICLE LINK

MOST POPULAR
New details emerge after driver shot himself during vehicle fire on Highway 101 near Cotati
What’s coming to Montgomery Village? Two more stores confirmed for shopping center
CHP: 1 dead, 2 hospitalized after DUI crash in Forestville
Eyewitness video captures moments after vehicle caught fire on Hwy. 101 near Cotati
UPDATED: Please read and follow our commenting policy:
This is a family newspaper, please use a kind and respectful tone.
No profanity, hate speech or personal attacks. No off-topic remarks.
No disinformation about current events.
We will remove any comments — or commenters — that do not follow this commenting policy.
Send a letter to the editor
RECENT STORIES
Jackson and Henry lead the way as the Ravens run over the rival Steelers 28-14 in the AFC playoffs
Texans intercept Herbert a career-high 4 times in a 32-12 win over Chargers in wild-card playoff
Montgomery’s Thomsen is Press Democrat’s girls runner of year
Analy duo named Press Democrat’s co-runners of year in boys cross country
Around the Web
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
Make Money
Groningen - Stair Lifts Could Be a Dream Come True for Seniors (See Options)
Stair Lift
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Nurse Salaries & Degrees in The USA Might Surprise You. See Options
Nurse Job in USA
Scientists: Ringing Ears? When Tinnitus Won't Stop, Do This (Watch)
Hearing Health Now
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Our Network
 
 
 
 
News Obits Sports Business Opinion Napa Real Estate Food & Wine Dining A&E Events Guide Fun
Contact + Help
Contact Us
Work With Us
Advertising
Corrections
Submit Letters to the Editor
Classified Ads
Special Sections/Magazines
Special Sections: 6/2023 – present
Retail Locations
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Services
Archive Search: 1995 – present
Archive Search: 1923 – 1997
Archive Search: 1875 – 1928
eEdition Archive
Events Calendar
Public/Legal Notices
Subscribers
Manage Home Delivery
Subscribe
eEdition
News in Education
Newsletters
How to guide
About Us
About Us
The Press Democrat Journalism Trust
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Diversity Statement
 
×
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Read more
 SHOW DETAILS
ACCEPT ALL
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressdemocrat.com/article/sports/j-p-crawford-homers-jarred-kelenic-drives-in-2-as-mariners-beat-as-7-2/ 
 ----- 
