Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Cleveland Browns
Browns star Nick Chubb done for the season after suffering knee injury in Pittsburgh

The Cleveland running back will be out long-term

Chubb down on the Acrisure Stadium field in the second quarter of Monday's game.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 20:28 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Steelers get pick-six on the FIRST play of the game against Browns
NFL. Browns lose starting tackle Jack Conklin for the season after he injures knee in opener vs Bengals

Cleveland Browns running back Nick Chubb left Monday night's game between the Browns and the Pittsburgh Steelers with a serious injury to his left knee.

On a first-and-goal from the Steelers' eight yard-line early in the second quarter, Chubb took a handoff from Deshaun Watson and carried up the middle. Steelers safety Minkah Fitzpatrick dove toward Chubb's legs to wrap him up at the five yard-line -- and Chubb immediately went down, grabbing his left leg.

After a delay, Chubb was carted off the field to applause from Steelers fans, who seemed to acknowledge the Browns' Pro Bowl back had suffered a serious injury -- potentially, to the anterior cruciate ligament in his knee. Chubb previously suffered a devastating knee injury with several torn ligaments in 2015, while playing for the University of Georgia Bulldogs.

Chubb, who had already rushed for 64 yards on 10 carries at Acrisure Stadium, was carted off with an air cast on his left leg -- a sign that his injury is a severe one, although tests will be needed to confirm.

Stefanski confirms the worst

Browns head coach Kevin Stefanski confirmed postgame what many watching at home or in Pittsburgh feared immediately: Chubb's 2023 season is over after two games.

Stefanski told the media that Chubb's knee injury is serious enough to where the star running back is not expected to return until 2024 -- a huge blow for the Browns, who are seeking a return to the NFL playoffs this year.

Chubb drew support from around the sports world following his injury. Quarterbacks Trevor Lawrence and Kyler Murray -- the latter recovering from a knee ligament injury himself -- posted prayer emojis in their posts on X (formerly Twitter), while NBA superstar LeBron James said he was "praying for the best."

Another Monday night injury

Chubb's suspected knee injury marks the third consecutive week in which a marquee player on "Monday Night Football" has had to be carted off the field.

Give me your doubts...then watch what I do" - Aaron Rodgers pledges to return to NFL after injuryPat McAfee Show
MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

On the first "MNF" broadcast of 2023, New York Jets quarterback Aaron Rodgers suffered an Achilles tendon rupture after he was sacked by Buffalo Bills edge rusher Leonard Floyd on the Jets' fourth offensive play. Rodgers has since undergone an innovative procedure that could remarkably see him return for the postseason, but the injury will keep the 39-year-old sidelined for the entire regular season.

In the final Monday Night Football broadcast of 2022, Bills safety Damar Hamlin suffered a cardiac arrest on the field during a highly-anticipated matchup with the Cincinnati Bengals. Hamlin needed to be resuscitated at the stadium before he was transferred to a Buffalo hospital, where he stayed for nine days prior to being discharged.

Cleveland Browns - English
Pittsburgh Steelers - English
NFL - English
Nick Chubb - English
Monday Night Football - English
Cleveland BrownsKareem Hunt to return to Browns? List of available FA RBs amid Nick Chubb injury
Cleveland BrownsSports world reacts to Nick Chubb's horrifying leg injury on MNF
Cleveland BrownsNick Chubb is built different: why RB can recover from potential "career-ending" injury
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Jennifer Aniston's last words to An...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai uit voorr...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/cleveland-browns/2023/09/19/6508f92ce2704e558b8b4596.html 
 ----- 
