Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
NFL
NFL RB contracts could take bigger hit after Nick Chubb, Saquon Barkley injuries

Barkley had a bounceback year last NFL season ahead of free agency

Nick Chubb (left) and Saquon Barkley (right)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 18/09/2023 - 22:08 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Kareem Hunt to return to Browns? List of available FA RBs amid Nick Chubb injury
NFL. Two fans suffer medical incident at Gillette Stadium, only one survives thanks to off-duty firemen

Cleveland Browns' Nick Chubb and New York Giants' Saquon Barkley, two of the top running backs in the NFL, suffered injuries on back-to-back nights in what could become another excuse for that position's contracts to take an even bigger hit than throughout the offseason.

Barkley, 26, had a bounceback year last season ahead of free agency. Following a meeting with running backs from all around the league this summer, regarding lack of long-term contracts for the position, the Giants RB agreed to a one-year, $10.1 million franchise tag.

Nick Chubb shakes social media with another video: Doing squats... with 300kg!Marca English

The salary market for running backs continues to implode, so much so that the highest paid RB is currently Falcons rookie Bijan Robinson.

San Francisco 49ers running back Christian McCaffrey is second on the highest-paid RBs list with a $12 million salary for 2023, $1.72 million less than Robinson.

Players such as Houston Texans left tackle Laremy Tunsil, meanwhile, are earning $25 million per year.

RB is a saturated, injury-plagued position

Chubb, 27, will earn $10.85 million this year and becomes a free agent in 2025. He will be coming off a gruesome knee injury next season and playing for his contract.

The running back position is injury-plagued due to its physical nature and there is always younger talent entering the legue.

Barkley's ankle injury was not as serious as Chubb's and will return to play soon, but seeing two of the elite players at the position suffer injuries is a bad look for the contract situation.

There is also the fact that Los Angeles Chargers' Austin Ekeler and Green Bay Packers' Aaron Jones, two more elite RBs, missed Week 2 with nagging injuries.

Jamaal Williams suffers injury

Another running back who suffered an injury on Monday night was New Orleans Saints' Jamaal Williams, who was replacing suspended Alvin Kamara.

Williams, 28, did not return to play in the Saints' MNF win over the Carolina Panthers with a hamstring injury.

MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

The only way to survive as a running back in the NFL moving forward will be to become a dual threat like McCaffrey.

Running backs who can't catch the ball, who are usually big-bodied like Derrick Henry, will cease to exist. Indianapolis Colts running back Jonathan Taylor, meanwhile, is currently missing the 2023 NFL season amid his contract dispute with the franchise.

NFL - English
Cleveland Browns - English
New York Giants - English
Nick Chubb - English
New York GiantsGiants' Barkley injured as Jones completes historic comeback win vs. Cardinals
Cleveland BrownsKareem Hunt to return to Browns? List of available FA RBs amid Nick Chubb injury
New York GiantsOptimism amidst Saquon Barkley's injury: Recovery timeline revealed
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Prince Harry happy with latest news...
Marca
Open your account today!
Interactive Brokers
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/2023/09/19/65090b0f268e3e97688b4573.html 
 ----- 
