Skip to main content
Silver Screen and Roll homepage
a Los Angeles Lakers community
Follow Silver Screen and Roll online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Silver Screen and Roll main menu
FANPOSTS
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

LAKERS PLAYER GRADES
 
LAKERS ANALYSIS
Players Grades: Lakers vs. Suns

Grading every Lakers player’s performance from the team’s 128-122 win against the Suns.

By Edwin Garcia  Oct 18, 2024, 12:09am PDT  14 Comments / 14 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

A defeat was imminent for the Lakers entering the fourth quarter, trailing the Suns by eight on the road in the penultimate preseason game.

Someone forgot to give the script to Dalton Knecht.

The Lakers rookie forced overtime with a 3-pointer and continued to pile on in overtime, scoring 35 points in the comeback win.

This is Los Angeles' second win this preseason and both have come from the young guys stepping up and rallying in the fourth.

So, let’s dive into the win. As always, grades are based on expectations for each player. A “B” grade represents the average performance for that player.

Anthony Davis

34 minutes, 35 points, 10 rebounds, 4 assists, 1 steal, 1 block, 14-28 FG, 4-9 3PT, 3-8 FT, -4

This was AD’s best performance this preseason. He scored at will from all spots on the floor. It began with eight straight points to start the game, including two of his four 3-pointers of the first quarter. He ended the night with a double-double of 35 points and 10 rebounds.

It was just one night, but if he’s going to shoot anywhere close to this well from 3-point range, the league is in trouble.

Grade: A+

Dalton Knecht

32 minutes, 35 points, 7 rebounds, 1 assist, 2 steals, 2 blocks, 10-18 FG, 8-13, +7

AD was sensational, but Knecht was the star of the night. He scored 35, just like Davis, but his 3-point shooting was elite. He hit the aforementioned game-tying jumper in crunch time and scored 13 of the team’s 15 points in overtime.

This was a national coming-out party, or at least as much as one can have during preseason. He showed why JJ Redick said he is NBA-ready and had the Lakers bench going nuts like the rest of us at every offensive possession.

Grade: A+

Austin Reaves

22 minutes, 18 points, 8 rebounds, 2 assists, 6-12 FG, 1-4 3PT, 5-5 FT, +2

This was a solid showing from Reaves. He didn’t dazzle, but he shot 50% from the field, played well and his ankle didn't appear to bother him one bit.

He seems ready for the season to start.

Grade: B

Cam Reddish

30 minutes, 4 points, 5 rebounds, 1 steal, 2-6 FG, 0-4 3PT, -5

Reddish played less than 10 minutes in the previous game. On Thursday night, he started with LeBron James and Rui Hachimura out and was great.

He deflected passes, took on the challenge of defending Kevin Durant and did all the dirty work you want from a role player.

If Reddish continues to play this well in whatever minutes he gets, he’ll be an impactful player for the Lakers.

Grade: B+

Max Christie

21 minutes, 7 points, 4 rebounds, 1 assist, 2-3 FG, 1-2 3PT, 2-2 FT, -1

Offensively, Christie was fine, but nothing to write home about against the Suns. Defensively, he looks to have really taken a leap.

He’s becoming an elite on-ball defender, understanding how to use his body and be physical without drawing fouls.

Christie played 21 minutes, flew around defensively and never drew a foul. If he can be a bit more aggressive on offense, he'll be just fine.

Grade: B

D’Angelo Russell

31 minutes, 9 points, 1 rebound, 10 assists, 2-9 FG, 0-5 3PT, 5-5 FT, -5

Russell has been poor all preseason and today was no exception. He struggled to score, going 2-9 from the field but was an effective passer with 10 dimes. His defensive effort was there, so hopefully, his offense arrives soon cause 0-5 from 3-point range is not ideal.

Grade: B-

Gabe Vincent

18 minutes, 7 points, 1 rebound, 1 assist, 3-8 FG, 1-4 3PT, -7

Vincent was respectable on Thursday. He took several shots that made me wonder who had told him that was a good idea, but I think he did well given his current role.

He just needs to make a few jumpers, spread the floor, and not have silly turnovers and fouls. Everything else is gravy.

Grade: B

Jaxson Hayes

23 minutes, 4 points, 9 rebounds, 2 assists, 1 block, 2-5 FG, +10

I’m a bit disappointed in Hayes’ game on this one. He was on the floor for long stretches on the fourth and I felt he should’ve dominated with the younger guys.

He set some good screens, but that was a moment he should’ve been attacking the rim and buzzing around, making impactful plays.

Now, Knecht took over, so maybe that’s why he disappeared, but he could’ve been better down the stretch.

Grade: B-

Jalen Hood-Schifino

22 minutes, 3 points, 1 rebound, 4 assists, 1-8 FG, 1-4 3PT, +3

For sale: home on Hood-Schifino island, never occupied.

It’s getting rough for the NBA sophomore. He struggled to even get shots up with defenders constantly poking the ball out of his hands and slapping it away.

When he did shoot, he bricked. The sole 3-pointer he made in the fourth felt huge. I started to think it was impossible for one of his jumpers to go in.

Here’s hoping a year of full health and time at South Bay gets him comfortable and ready to be a guard in the NBA.

(Editor’s note: The views expressed by Edwin do not reflect that of the entire SSR staff. Specifically those of the site manager)

Grade: C-

Bronny James

17 minutes, 4 points, 2 rebounds, 2-4 FG, 0-2 FT, +17

Who had the best plus-minus for the Lakers? Bronny James.

What does it mean? Not much besides that, he was on the floor during Knecht’s hot streak.

Bronny looked like a work in progress, which he is. He got a flagrant foul call in the fourth and struggled to play through contact in the paint, but his defense was solid overall.

Grade: C

Armel Traore, Quincy Olivari, Maxwell Lewis

No grades for players who saw under ten minutes of action. Here’s a couple of notes

Okay, Traore technically played 11 minutes, but it was mid with him just grabbing some boards and watching Knecht cook, so I didn’t want to grade that.
Olivari, I wanted to see more of him. The feel-good story from the Bucks win deserves some run. I get it he’s an Exhibit 10 player, but let’s give him a look. Maybe he’ll get some time in Friday’s matchup against the Warriors.
I have no thoughts on Maxwell Lewis. That says something about him or me. I’ll let you decide which one you should be concerned about.
JJ Redick

The next Pat Riley drew up a heck of a play to get Knecht a good look at the end of regulation. He had all players on the opposite side of the floor and then running towards the ball once the play started. Hood-Schifino inbounded to Knecht and he executed on the shot.

This is the second time Redick has drawn up a clutch-time shot for Knecht this preseason, but it worked to perfection this time with a make.

No grade for coach tonight as it’s preseason, but if he keeps drawing up plays like that next week, he’ll be pleased with his grade.

You can follow Edwin on Twitter at @ECreates88.

MORE FROM SILVER SCREEN AND ROLL
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs game as wildfires continue in Los Angeles
JJ Redick says Lakers want to play against Spurs on Saturday
Emotional JJ Redick reflects on ‘devastation’ from Palisades wildfire
Everything you need to know for the Sparks ahead of WNBA free agency
Rotation Trust Level: Another starting lineup change?
The Lakers have shifted to more small ball, but is that the solution?
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Silver Screen & Roll Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Los Angeles Lakers news from Silver Screen & Roll
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.silverscreenandroll.com/2024/10/18/24273336/player-grades-lakers-vs-suns-box-score-stats-preseason-dalton-knecht-anthony-davis 
 ----- 
