   
Sign in
    
ARTS / CULTURE & LEISURE
Chinese national soccer team suffer home defeat to 10-man Saudis
By Lu Wenao in Dalian
Published: Sep 11, 2024 12:44 AM
    

Chinese players react after losing to Saudi Arabia in Dalian, Liaoning Province, on September 10, 2024. Photo: Cui Meng/GT

The Chinese national soccer team suffered a bitter second consecutive defeat in the World Cup Asian qualifiers as they were defeated by 10-man Saudi Arabia 2-1 on Tuesday in Dalian, Liaoning Province. 

The defeat means China now stay at the bottom of the six-team group after they conceded seven goals in the first match against Japan. Chinese players have yet to score a single goal in the series.

An own goal from the Saudi defender Ali Lajami in the 14th minute got the home Chinese fans cheering, followed by a red card to Saudi player Mohammed Kanno in the 19th minute, giving Chinese players a one-man advantage.

But it was Saudi player Hassan Kadish who pulled an equalizer in the 39th minute before adding another goal shortly before the final whistle, denying China's hopes for a point in the qualifiers. 

"It's really a pity that our team conceded two goals in set pieces. Our players did their best," said Branko Ivankovic, head coach of the Chinese team, through an interpreter at the post-match press conference. 

The Croatian rejected the idea of resigning. He said it is not up to him and the Chinese team still has chance to finish in fourth place in the group.

Disappointed Chinese fans were bemoaning the performance of the team after the match, but some were also voicing their support for the Chinese team as they chanted "Fight till the end."

Due to the Chinese national team's previous 7:0 defeat to Japan last week, many were concerned about the turnout for the home match against Saudi Arabia. But the venue attendance surpassed 48,000 in the 63,000-capacity Suoyuwan Stadium.

Fans in the southern stands even displayed a massive red tifo that stretched from the top of the stands to the front row closest to the field with the words "Fight for the Country" before the game. 



    
RELATED ARTICLES
Team China to play against S.Korea in critical qualifier

The Chinese national soccer team is gearing up for a crucial away pitch World Cup qualifier against South ...

Saudi Arabia: Counselor visits BISU for educational bonds

Dr. Ahmed Al-Zahrani, Cultural Counselor of the Royal Embassy of Saudi Arabia in China, visited the Beijing International ...

China’s reality show sparks cultural exchange enthusiasm with Saudi Arabia

In recent days, the youth-oriented travel reality show Divas Hit the Road Season V has been captivating audiences ...

MOST VIEWED
1	US-made M1A2T tanks arrive in Taiwan; not suitable for island combat, experts say
2	US Marines relocate from Okinawa to Guam; US strategy of encircling China using island chains unchanged, says expert
3	GT Voice: ‘New AI chip restrictions’ beyond China hurt US industry
4	Zheng Siwei bids farewell to national badminton team
5	47th Chinese naval escort taskforce departs for Gulf of Aden
6	Beijing’s core AI industry to surpass $41 billion in 2024: White Paper
CHINA
Politics
Society
Diplomacy
Military
Science
Odd
China Graphic
SOURCE
GT Voice
Insight
Economy
Comments
Company
B&R Initiative
Biz Graphic
OPINION
Editorial
Observer
Global Minds
Asian Review
Top Talk
Viewpoint
Columnists
Cartoon
LIFE
Cultural Influencer
Attitudes
Culture
Entertainment
Travel
VISUAL NEWS
HU SAYS
Video
Graphics
Gallery
Specials
MISCELLANEOUS
In-Depth
World
Sport
Newsletter
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Advertisement
Terms of Service
Copyright © 2020 Global Times All Right Reserved
违法和不良信息举报电话：010-65363263   举报邮箱：jubao@people.cn   京ICP备11001615号-7
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.globaltimes.cn/page/202409/1319613.shtml 
 ----- 
