Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Chicago Cubs and Arizona Diamondbacks Play Longest Game of 2023 on Saturday Night
With playoff implications abound, the Arizona Diamondbacks and Chicago Cubs played the longest game of the 2023 season, lasting 13 innings and more than four hours.
Brady Farkas | Sep 17, 2023
Chicago Cubs and Arizona Diamondbacks Play Longest Game of 2023 on Saturday Night /
In this story:
Chicago Cubs
Arizona Diamondbacks

The Arizona Diamondbacks outlasted the Chicago Cubs 7-6 on Saturday night in a game that had massive playoff implications in the National League.

Both teams are fighting for wild card berths and positioning in the NL. The Cubs have lost four straight games and are now just 0.5 games up on the Diamondbacks for the second wild card spot. Arizona is tied with the Cincinnati Reds for the third spot.

The D'Backs won in the 13th inning on a walk-off single by Gabriel Moreno. In a season that has dominated by talk of pace of play and the use of the pitch clock, the game was the longest of any game this season.

Per Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

wheeeeeeeee! extra e's for 4-hour, 24-minute game 

-- the longest game of 2023 by time!!

Both teams had 12 hits in the victory with the Diamondbacks erasing a 3-0 first-inning deficit. Corbin Carroll, Christian Walker, Lourdes Gurriel Jr. and Moreno had multi-hit efforts for the Snakes while Ian Happ, Christopher Morel, Nico Hoerner and Yan Gomes paced the Cubs' offense.

The two teams will play again on Sunday night as part of ESPN's "Sunday Night Baseball."

First pitch from Chase Field is set for 7:10 p.m. ET as Cubs rookie Jordan Wicks goes up against D'Backs righty Ryne Nelson.

Wicks, the young lefty, is 3-0 this season with a 1.99 ERA since being called up. Nelson is 7-8 with a 5.53 ERA.

Both teams will also be scoreboard watching the Reds, who battle the Mets at 1:40 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 17, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/chicago-cubs-and-arizona-diamondbacks-play-longest-game-of-2023-at-more-than-four-hours-and-13-innings 
 ----- 
