ARIZONA DIAMONDBACKS

D-backs’ Drey Jameson to undergo Tommy John surgery, Scott McGough to IL

Sep 17, 2023, 2:53 PM

Share 

BY ALEX WEINER




Diamondbacks reporter, ArizonaSports.com editor

PHOENIX — Arizona Diamondbacks rookie right-hander Drey Jameson has opted for Tommy John surgery after attempting to make a comeback this season, manager Torey Lovullo said on Sunday.

Jameson strained his ulnar collateral ligament in an appearance against the New York Mets on July 6 and landed on the injured list soon after.

The 26-year-old chose to rehab over having the surgery in an effort to pitch again at the end of this season. Lovullo did not rule out his return until after he started throwing off a mound this week.

“He was really encouraged early on by the throwing program and his ability to let the ball go and be pain free,” Lovullo said. “I think when he stepped onto a mound, he just felt like he had nothing behind the ball, there was not a lot of power. I think the discomfort began at that point.”

RELATED STORIES
D-backs' Gabriel Moreno walks off Cubs in 13th inning, playoff race tightens
Remember 2011: D-backs eliminated from NL West as Dodgers claim 10th title in 11 years
NL Wild Card standings: Diamondbacks clinch postseason berth
D-backs notebook: Lovullo handling rookie starters differently, Lawlar's playing time

Had Jameson gone through with the surgery in July or August, he would still have missed most of if not all the 2024 season. Lovullo did not have a specific timeline for the pitcher.

Jameson threw in 15 games for the D-backs this season with three starts and a save. He owned a 2.81 ERA in 32 innings of relief this season.

Reliever Scott McGough had Tommy John surgery in 2014, and his main takeaways from the experience were to slow down and listen to the medical personnel.

“It really is important to take some time off if you have to,” McGough said. “I know you want to get better fast, and everyone wants to rehab really fast, but it’s really important to start slow and then really kick it into gear once you get rolling with it.”

Scott McGough to IL, Bryce Jarvis returns

McGough was placed on the 15-day IL on Sunday with right shoulder inflammation. Arizona recalled Bryce Jarvis, who Lovullo said would be available to provide some length in the bullpen on Sunday.

McGough was not available in the D-backs’ 13-inning 7-6 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Saturday.

“It wasn’t one particular pitch, so that’s a good thing,” McGough said. “Because usually that’s a bad sign when that happens. I think it was just kind of, long season and threw a lot last week, and just unfortunately, it wasn’t able to stand it.”

McGough will have an MRI on Monday to learn more details about what comes next. Lovullo said the window is open for a postseason return if the D-backs get far enough.

The 33-year-old made 63 appearances for the D-backs this season after coming over from pitching in Japan. Only Miguel Castro (69) and Kyle Nelson (64) have made more appearances on the team.

McGough’s results were stellar for much of the first half of the year. From April 20 to June 8 (32 outings), he boasted a 2.01 ERA and .157 opposing batting average. Home runs plagued him since with nine in 24 innings, and his ERA jumped up to 4.73.

“I’ve certainly asked a lot of him,” Lovullo said. “He’s full throttle, he gives everything he has, it’s just time for him to step away and get healthy again. Hopefully he’ll join us as soon as possible.”

McGough is under contract for 2024.

Jarvis was back in the D-backs’ clubhouse after getting optioned on Sept. 7. He last pitched on Wednesday for Triple-A Reno, tossing two innings.

He had a 2.81 ERA in his first 16 innings of MLB action, albeit with a 5.51 FIP. Still a small sample size, and he recorded more than three outs in six of seven games pitched in the bigs.

The Diamondbacks used seven relievers over nine innings on Saturday. Monday is an off day to rest the pitching staff after 17 games in 17 days.

Tommy Henry update

Lefty Tommy Henry (left elbow inflammation) continues his throwing program. While Lovullo said his regular season is almost certainly done, there is a chance he can pitch again in the postseason, similar to McGough’s situation.

Share 
Comments   
Arizona Diamondbacks

Alex Weiner

Diamondbacks claim former Rays catcher Rene Pinto

1 day ago

Alex Weiner

MLB Network ranks Gabriel Moreno No. 7 on list of catchers for 2025

2 days ago

Associated Press

Former Orioles, D-backs P Brian Matusz dies in Phoenix

2 days ago

Arizona Sports

Which Arizona Diamondbacks have avoided arbitration?

3 days ago

Alex Weiner

Sifting through Diamondbacks’ closer options in trade, free agent markets

3 days ago

David Veenstra

Diamondbacks acquire utility Grae Kessinger from Astros

4 days ago

D-backs’ Drey Jameson to undergo Tommy John surgery, Scott McGough to IL

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story

PHOENIX, ARIZONA USA
CONTACT US
CONTEST RULES
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON X
EMAIL ALERTS
EMPLOYMENT
FCC APPLICATIONS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA | ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT: KTAR-FM | KMVP-FM | KTAR(AM) COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT LICENSING
FCC PUBLIC FILE: KMVP-FM • KTAR-AM | FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: ERIN GARRETT • EGARRETT@BONNEVILLE.COMM • 602.200.2638
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://arizonasports.com/story/3534533/diamondbacks-drey-jameson-torey-lovullo-scott-mcgough/ 
 ----- 
