Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Kikuchi doing it all for Astros: 'The energy, you feel it'
Share
Kikuchi doing it all for Astros: 'The energy, you feel it'
Houston moves to 9-0 in lefty's starts, giving veteran his own place in franchise history
September 20th, 2024

Brian McTaggart

@brianmctaggart
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

HOUSTON -- No matter what becomes of the three young players the Astros shipped to Toronto prior to the Trade Deadline to acquire veteran left-hander Yusei Kikuchi, the club can say the deal -- initially met with criticism by fans and media -- has served its purpose and then some.

Kikuchi has been as instrumental as any player in the Astros’ finishing kick toward a seventh American League West title in eight seasons, with the team improving to 9-0 in games he’s started after a 3-1 win over the Angels on Thursday night at Minute Maid Park.

"As soon as I got traded, my mindset was ‘I’m going to win every game for this ballclub every time out there on the mound,’” Kikuchi said. “It seems like it’s working out right now, but just got to say thanks to the defense that’s behind me, the offense that continues to hit in big spots. Just glad I’m here."

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

The Astros (83-70) are five games ahead of the second-place Mariners in the American League West, with nine games remaining. They can clinch their seventh consecutive division title played in a full season as early as Sunday, but they’re not ready to buy champagne just yet.

"We do understand what’s in our hands and it’s nice to be in that spot,” veteran outfielder Jason Heyward said. “It’s nice being in the driver’s seat. It’s yours to take and I think that’s just our focus -- one day at a time."

Heyward, who was also an in-season addition for the Astros -- they signed him as a free agent on Aug. 29 -- made a diving catch in left field on the final play of the game, preserving Josh Hader’s 32nd save while giving Houston its fifth win over the Angels in the past eight games.

Astros first baseman Jon Singleton ripped a two-run, two-out double to left field in the eighth off reliever Ryan Miller to score Yordan Alvarez and Yainer Diaz, breaking a 1-1 deadlock. Houston was 1-for-9 with runners in scoring position prior to Singleton’s hit.

Related
Astros avoid arbitration with Valdez, all 7 other eligible players

2:09 AM UTC

Astros add pitching prospect Linskey in trade with D-backs

January 8th, 2025

This 18-inning Astros-Braves marathon is worth a revisit

January 8th, 2025

Singleton's big day proves he could be Astros' solution at 1B

September 12th, 2024

Unexpected play underscores Astros' first-base concerns

August 25th, 2024

Astros ride two Ruthian blasts to much-needed win in Bronx

May 10th, 2024

“That was a huge knock there,” Astros manager Joe Espada said. “I felt good about his at-bat, his ability to put the barrel on the ball. He also can walk, so I really like that moment for Jon. He’s the right guy for that spot against that particular pitcher and he came through with a big hit."

Singleton’s game-winning hit came after the Angels intentionally walked Victor Caratini. It was the second consecutive home game in which he had a go-ahead, two-out RBI in the eighth inning (Sept. 12 vs. Oakland).

"I understand [the intentional walk], it’s part of the game, but there’s something inside that kind of gets excited and kind of gets annoyed at the same time,” Singleton said. “I’m just glad I can come through for the team.”

Kikuchi allowed one run and five hits while striking out nine batters in six innings. The only run he allowed came on a leadoff homer by Taylor Ward on the sixth pitch of the game, but Kikuchi settled in from there, retiring 17 of the final 20 batters he faced.

"It took him a while to get his stuff going,” Espada said. “That pitch to Ward, he wanted that fastball up and it stayed down. That was it, and he settled down. I got a little bit worried with the number of pitches early. It was in the mid-50s through three and I’m like, ‘Oh man, we needed him to be more efficient here,’ and he did. He grinded through six innings. Great start."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Kikuchi is the first pitcher in Astros history to have the club win his first nine starts with the team. The Astros are 27-18 since Kikuchi started his first game for the club on Aug. 2, with the lefty starting one-third of those victories. He has a 3.00 ERA, has held opponents to a .189 batting average and has a WHIP of 0.94, to go along with 68 strikeouts in 54 innings with Houston.

"We’re 9-0 when he pitches?” Espada said. “We expect to win every single time he’s on the mound. When he goes on the mound, his attitude, you feel it. The energy, you feel it. He’s been really, really good. What, the only mistake he made was the first hitter of the game and after that, nine punchies? Really good."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Houston Astros
Jon Singleton

Supervising Club Reporter Brian McTaggart has covered the Astros since 2004, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

47 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yusei-kikuchi-jon-singleton-lead-astros-past-angels 
 ----- 
