Skip to main content
Liberty Ballers homepage
a Philadelphia 76ers community
Follow Liberty Ballers online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Liberty Ballers main menu
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

NBA RUMORS AND NEWS
Around the NBA: Paolo drops 50, AD, Tatum win POTW, investigations galore

The Sixers are creating plenty of news on their own, but let’s take a look around the rest of the NBA.

By Josh Grieb@JGrieb10  Oct 29, 2024, 3:28pm EDT  1 Comment / 1 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

In route to picking up the Sixers’ first win of the season this past Sunday, Tyrese Maxey dropped 45 points along with four assists and four rebounds to secure the overtime win against the Indiana Pacers. That made him the player with the highest scoring game of this young season.

That hardly lasted 24 hours though, as Paolo Banchero of the Orlando Magic torched the very same Pacers, going for 50 points, 13 rebounds and nine assists. He was absurdly efficient doing so, shooting 15-of-22 from the floor. Anyone with Orlando Magic stock has to feel good about their 3-1 start and how their young core in Banchero and Franz Wagner have looked.

Banchero will likely be a frontrunner for the upcoming Eastern conference player of the week award, one that went to Jayson Tatum. Anthony Davis took him the award for the West, with both players driving their teams to 3-0 starts (though the Lakers have now dropped one.) They averaged 33 and 34 points per game this week, respectively.

Maxey was a finalist for the award despite his early efficiency struggles — after all he is averaging 31 points per game. Other Eastern Conference finalists were LaMelo Ball, Jarrett Allen, Franz Wagner and Trae Young.

If there’s another thing the Sixers can feel good about, they’re not the only team under investigation. Bleacher Report’s Chris Haynes broke the story last week that a former Clippers team doctor is suing the team for wrongful termination and unsafe medical practices on Kawhi Leonard. The suit also claims the Clippers tampered for Leonard years in advance, going back to his falling out with the San Antonio Spurs.

The full details can be read on Haynes’ X page and they are wild.

It’s impossible to know how much of it is true from the outside looking in, but some of these details feel like they provide so much context for basically the Clippers’ last four endings to their seasons. It’s also just hard to read what Leonard has put his body through since signing with the Clippers in 2019.

If anything, it’s a good reminder that the Sixers are not the only circus in town.

MORE FROM LIBERTY BALLERS
It’s crazy how much the Sixers miss Jared McCain. They need to find a replacement
Guerschon Yabusele’s wizardry in win over Washington proves he thrives as a small-ball five
Sixers look to build momentum as they host Pelicans
Podcast: 76ers Trade Deadline Preview
Joel Embiid, PG return to practice on Thursday, Embiid still out vs. Pelicans
Tyrese Maxey makes headway in latest All-Star fan voting returns
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Liberty Ballers Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Philadelphia 76ers news from Liberty Ballers
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.libertyballers.com/2024/10/29/24282879/nba-paolo-banchero-50-points-magic-anthony-davis-jayson-tatum-potw-nba-investigations 
 ----- 
