Skip to main content
SBNation.com homepage
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
SBNation.com main menu
SECRET BASE
BREAKAWAY
BETTING 
NFL 
NBA 
CBB 
CFB 
GOLF
MORE 

FILED UNDER:

NBA
Paolo Banchero has leveled up for the Magic, and it’s more than just his scoring

Paolo Banchero’s star leap is about more than his just scoring

By Ricky O'Donnell  Oct 29, 2024, 1:36pm EDT  2 Comments / 2 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Photo by Carmen Mandato/Getty Images
Ricky O'Donnell has covered basketball at all levels for more than a decade at SB Nation. He's currently the Associate Director of Programing.

Paolo Banchero has always been destined to be a star scorer in the NBA. The 6’10, 250-pound forward can win with skill or power, effortlessly flowing into a mid-range pull-up jumper just as easily as he bulldozes smaller players on his way to the rim. The traits that made Banchero the No. 1 pick in the 2022 NBA Draft out of Duke are fully bubbling to the surface at the start of his third pro season with the Orlando Magic, but he’s far more than just a scorer.

Banchero dropped the first 50-point game of the 2024-25 NBA season on Monday night as he torched the Indiana Pacers for a sterling 50-13-9 statline. Banchero scored 37 of his 50 points in the first half on a terrifying array of three-pointers, punishing drives to the hoop, and silky-smooth mid-range buckets. It took Indiana a full half to realize they should probably start trapping him, and that’s when he flashed his impressive floor game.

The game-winning shot from Orlando’s Anthony Black was a perfect example of how Banchero is using his scoring gravity to set up teammates. Pascal Siakam is his primary defender as he starts his drive, with Andrew Nembhard in a shallow drop and Tyrese Haliburton digging in from the wing. It would have been tempting for Banchero to go hero-ball here and take the last shot after such an electric scoring night, but instead he zips a behind-the-back pass to teammate Jalen Suggs who rotates the ball to the corner to Black for an open three.

RELATED

6 NBA overreactions after 1 game of the 2024-2025 season

Banchero’s passing vision was all over the tape at Duke, but he faced tough circumstances as a playmaker his first two years in the league. The Magic placed 27th in three-point attempts in his rookie year, and 29th in the same category last year. The big offseason move for the Magic this year was signing shooter Kentavious Caldwell-Pope away from the Nuggets. Orlando is clearly putting a bigger emphasis on getting up threes this season, and it’s opening up the floor for Banchero to find new passing angles.

This pass won’t show up in the box score because Suggs missed the shot, but it’s an excellent read nonetheless. Paolo is reading Siakam in the corner as he starts his drive, and as soon as Siakam sucks in, the ball is immediately out for an open corner three.

Banchero’s size is just as much of an asset as a passer as it is as a scorer. He can see over the top of almost any defender at 6’10, and he’s learning how to get the ball out of his hands quicker. This pass to the corner is a great example of his vision, while also showcasing his passing velocity.

This pass wasn’t exactly in the shooting pocket, but Caldwell-Pope was able to quickly rotate the ball for an easy bucket. It’s all set up by Banchero recognizing where the ball needs to go when he’s trapped.

Defense has always been a tougher projection for Banchero. He’s not quite long enough to be an NBA center, and not quick enough laterally to lock down the big wings that now play the four in the NBA. Even if he’s stuck between positions, Banchero can still leverage his big frame and willingness to play through contact to make a difference on defense.

This rotation against the Pacers is a great example. It sure is nice to have a four who can stay vertical and thwart an open dunk at the rim from someone as big as Myles Turner. The fact that he made the rotation so quickly and wasn’t worried about potentially being dunked on is just as impressive.

Banchero will make his money scoring the ball, but his lack of elite speed is one reason why he’s struggled to score with efficiency to this point in his career. The Magic’s improved spacing should help out his efficiency this year, but the bigger deal will be becoming more comfortable as a playmaker and defender.

It’s wild to think Banchero is still only 21 years old until the middle of November. He still has a ton of room to grow as a player, and his development is already on display. The Magic star has been one of the big stories in the first week of the new NBA season, and it’s not all about the buckets.

NEXT UP IN NBA
NBA postpones Lakers game against Hornets due to wildfires in Los Angeles 
The Pacers set a meaningless NBA record that will never be broken
Russell Westbrook warned Clippers center to box him out, then grabbed putback over him
 Trae Young’s halfcourt dagger joins NBA’s longest buzzer-beaters ever list
LeBron James’ dunk was so good it shouldn’t be possible for a 40-year-old
How the Phoenix Suns’ demise could aid the Wizards’ rebuild
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the SB Nation Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of all your sports news from SB Nation
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status
Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
	
Vox Media
Advertise with us
Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sbnation.com/nba/2024/10/29/24282772/paolo-banchero-orlando-magic-star-leap-nba-breakout 
 ----- 
