Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Elite React to Paolo Banchero's 50-Point Night For Orlando Magic
Orlando Magic forward Paolo Banchero scored 50 points in a dramatic comeback win over the Indiana Pacers on Monday. Basketball fans across the country — and the world — took notice.
Tom Brew | Oct 29, 2024
Orlando Magic forward Paolo Banchero (5) looks on against the Indiana Pacers in the second quarter at Kia Center. Banchero scored 50 points, setting the basketball world on fire. / Nathan Ray Seebeck-Imagn Images
In this story:
Orlando Magic
Indiana Pacers

ORLANDO, Fla. — Paolo Banchero was the first overall pick of the Orlando Magic in 2022, and for good reason., They felt like he could be a superstar in the NBA.

Monday night, he showed off in a big way.


Banchero scored 50 points, had 13 rebounds and nine assists in the Magic's come-from-behind 119-115 win over the upstart Indiana Pacers Monday night at the Kia Center. The Magic moved to 3-1 on the season. It was the first 50-point night by any NBA player this season.

Banchero scored 37 points in the first half, a Magic record. His dominating performance turned some heads around the league. He did it on a night when running mate Franz Wagner was under the weather. Banchero picked up the slack.

“With Franz [Wagner] being out, I knew I had to be extra aggressive coming in,'' Banchero said. "So yeah I think the game is slowing down, and I keep learning more and more about myself as I keep going.”

Here's the best of the best:

Yeah, the league matters.




Banchero, who's only 21 years old — he won't turn 22 until Nov. 21 — did something on Monday night that hadn't been done since 2006. That's when a 20-year-old LeBron James did the same thing.

Banchero becomes the fourth player in Orlando Magic history with 50-plus points in a game, joining Tracy McGrady (four times), Nick Anderson and Shaquille O’Neal.

He's also the second-youngest player in NBA history with 50-plus points, 10 rebounds and five assists in a game.

People are noticing around the league, too. Banchero is becoming a star, and if you haven';t figured it out yet, you will very soon.

When Banchero gets mentioned with Shaquille O'Neal, you know that's a big deal. Shaq is only the greatest.

Related stories on Orlando Magic
MAGIC BEAT PACERS: Paolo Banchero, the Orlando Magic's All-Star forward, scored 37 points in the first half, then led a fourth-quarter rally to beat the Indiana Pacers. Here is Mason Williams' game story live from the Kia Center. Give it a read. CLICK HERE
MAGIC'S MATURITY CAUSES TEAM TO LOOK IN MIRROR: The Orlando Magic are mature enough to realize when they don't meet expectations, as in Saturday night's loss to the Memphis Grizzlies. The learning curve continues Monday night. CLICK HERE
HUFF TORCHES FORMER TEAM: Orlando Magic Summer League center Jay Huff had a career night Saturday... against his former team. The Memphis big scored 18 points off the bench and helped the Grizzlies thump Orlando. CLICK HERE
MAGIC-GRIZZLIES RECAP: Despite going on a 21-point run in the third quarter, the Orlando Magic had no answer for the Memphis Grizzlies Saturday night, falling 124-111. CLICK HERE
MAGIC'S 2024-25 SCHEDULE: See the complete slate for the Orlando Magic in 2024-25 and all the details – dates, locations, TV, tip times and more – that you need to know. CLICK HERE
Published Oct 28, 2024|Modified Oct 29, 2024
TOM BREW

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/magic/news/nba-elite-react-to-paolo-banchero-s-50-point-night-for-orlando-magic-01jbb2r36vme 
 ----- 
