Skip to content
Skip to main menu
Skip to more DW sites
IN FOCUS
German election 2025
Syria
Crisis in the Middle East
Live TV
SOCCERGERMANY
Euro 2024: Germany beat Hungary to qualify for last 16
Hecko Flores Stuttgart
06/19/2024
June 19, 2024

Germany sealed qualification for the knockout stage of their home Euros, after a 2-0 win over Hungary. Jamal Musiala scored again as he returned to Stuttgart, where he was born. It proved a special place for Germany too.

https://p.dw.com/p/4hH0e
Copy link
Germany have won their two opening games of a Euros tournament for the first time since 2012
Image: Angelika Warmuth/REUTERS
ADVERTISEMENT

England have Wembley, France have Stade de France, but the German national team does not have a stadium that can be considered their true home, even when hosting Euro 2024.

Ask any fan of the team which stadium they prefer, and the responses will vary widely. But this evening, Stuttgart made a strong case for itself in Germany’s 2-0 victory against Hungary. The win, which followed an opening day thrashing of Scotland, assures German passage to the knockouts, with a match against Switzerland on Sunday to spare.

Starting with the national anthem, the German fans provided a deafening noise from the get-go on Wednesday, rivaling the Hungarians, who were as loud as ever. 

Jamal Musiala, a player born in Stuttgart and considered one of Germany’s most exciting talents, opened the scoring to finally settle German nerves and put them ahead after 22 minutes. 

"It’s pretty tough for opponents to defend him," said Germany coach Julian Nagelsmann about Musiala after the match. 

Atmosphere provides liftoff

"But I tell him not to let the pressure get to him, he should play the same way he did as a kid together with his friends," the coach added. 

The goal from Germany’s number 10 came after captain Ilkay Gündogan scrambled after what seemed to be a lost ball. But his efforts paid off and brought the stadium to life. 

"The atmosphere was amazing today. It gives us a good feeling. The stadium was very loud and full of emotion. I like that and it really helps us a lot," said Nagelsmann.  

The crowd provided a much-needed emotional and psychological boost for the Germany squad as Hungary got closer and closer to equalizing.

Just minutes after the opening goal, Hungary’s captain Dominik Szoboszlai forced goalkeeper Manuel Neuer to make a spectacular double-save with a dangerous freekick. 

Ahead of the game, Neuer described Hungary as "an uncomfortable team that tries to tackle aggressively." 

Manuel Neuer kept a clean sheet after some strong early saves
Image: Heiko Becker/REUTERS

The last time Germany had beaten Hungary was back in 2016. In their previous three encounters against the Magyars, Germany drew twice and suffered a loss at home in their most recent match before this one. 

But coach Nagelsmann did not bother with the past and kept a cool head, revealing that his team talk at halftime "was not emotional" and dealt more with the team maintaining their tactical structure.  

In Stuttgart, for Stuttgart 

In the 67th minute, a series of passes saw Musiala open up the play towards Maximilian Mittelstädt down the wing. The stadium roared as Mittelstädt, who plays his club football in Stuttgart, delivered a cross for Gündogan to finish a clinical team move. 

Gündogan had nothing but praise towards Musiala at the end of the match. 

"He is maybe the most important one for us at the moment and at such a young age as well," said the Germany captain. 

The German team enjoyed their time in Stuttgart, and may be back soon
Image: Tom Weller/dpa/picture alliance

"Especially when it comes to creating, putting in the final pass and scoring goals which is something he’s added to his game as well," said Gündogan. 

The second goal had Germany fans in the stadium euphorically chanting " Berlin, Berlin, we’re going to Berlin!" In reference to the final being played in the German capital.  

The goal also brought some calmness to the, at times, tense atmosphere felt at the ground and some even started a Mexican wave to calm their nerves.  

The locals stood and clapped as Musiala was taken off the pitch in the 72nd minute. They also loudly cheered to welcome his replacement, Chris Führich. A similar roar was heard shortly after in the 84th minute when Deniz Undav was subbed in, both Stuttgart players. 

At the final whistle, the Stuttgart crowd sang Peter Schilling’s Major Tom in unison to celebrate their team’s qualification to the knockouts of Euro 2024. If, as expected, Germany get at least a point against Switzerland and win their round of 16 match, they wil return to Stuttgart in the quarterfinals. It may yet strengthen its case as a home for more than just Musiala.

Euro 2024: Young stars to look out for
Every major international tournament offers a platform for up-and-coming youngsters to showcase their talent. DW takes a look at some of the young stars who could shine during this summer's Euro 2024 in Germany.
Image: Ralf Ibing/firo Sportphoto/picture alliance
Jamal Musiala, Germany

Hosts Germany look to banish the round of 16 defeat to England at Euro 2021 with Musiala carrying much of his team's hopes. The 21-year-old midfielder boasts an array of talents, combining nimbleness, precision, and a nous for creating goal-scoring opportunities. Impressive outings in his last two matches for his country, picking up an assist in both, have raised expectations.

Image: Anke Waelischmiller/Sven Simon/IAMGO
Jude Bellingham, England

The attacking midfielder has developed into a world-class player at Real Madrid, scoring 20 goals in his first season with the Spanish giants. Alongside his goal-scoring abilities, the 20-year-old plays a key part in quickly transforming defense into attack and his link up play with England captain Harry Kane could be the key to another run to final for the 2021 runners up.

Image: Frank Hoermann/SVEN SIMON/picture alliance
Arda Guler, Turkey

A dream start at Real Madrid did not materialize for Guler as his first season with the club was blighted by injuries. However, the 18-year-old playmaker produced a sterling season the year prior with Fenerbahce and has impressed in training, with Bellingham calling him a "phenomenon." If he can remain injury free during Turkey's campaign, he could be the key to a deep run for his side.

Image: Jose Breton/Pics Action/NurPhoto/picture alliance
Florian Wirtz, Germany

Bundesliga player of the season, Wirtz helped lead Bayer Leverkusen to their first ever league title and promises to be yet another attacking midfielder to add flair and precision to this summer’s competition. The breakout star recorded the second-most assists (12) during the league season, adding 11 goals too.

Image: Helge Prang/GES/picture alliance
Xavi Simons, Netherlands

The attacking midfielder on loan at RB Leipzig from PSG, is the young hope of a Netherlands team in the Euros "group of death." The 21-year-old jack-of-all-trades can be deployed as a winger, central midfielder or second striker. With 7 goals and 11 assists to his name in the Bundesliga, he will be hoping to carry his fine form into the Euros.

Image: Koen van Weel/ANP/picture alliance
Lamine Yamal, Spain

Yamal boasts the record of being the youngest debutant and scorer in history for both Barcelona and Spain. The winger is to turn 17 a day before the Euros final in Munich, and his leadership qualities have set him apart in a challenging season for Barca. Despite his youth, his confidence and enthusiasm can give him an edge over experienced defenders.

Image: Samuel Gonzalez/DAX Images/NurPhoto/picture alliance
Johan Bakayoko, Belgium

Seen as one of the best dribblers in Europe, Bakayoko adds a star quality to a Belgium squad that seems to be phasing out its "Golden Generation." As a dynamic winger that already has a goal and two assists for the Dutch national team, the 20-year-old will be hoping to showcase his talents at the Euros – something that could earn him a big-money move from PSV at the end of the summer.

Image: Joris Verwijst/Orange Pictures/picture alliance
Warren Zaire-Emery, France

Zaire-Emery has emerged as an impressive anchor for PSG, showcasing skills both technically and physically despite only turning 18 in March. While tackling robustly has become a key part of his game, Zaire-Emery is equally proficient in front of goal, exhibited by scoring on his French debut against Gibraltar – making him Les Bleus' second-youngest goal scorer.

Image: Ralf Ibing/firo Sportphoto/picture alliance
Antonio Silva, Portugal

Silva became the youngest player to represent Portugal during the 2022 World Cup, in his team's 2-1 win over South Korea. The 20-year-old center back has since put in a series of commanding performances for Benfica. Leadership qualities, tactical awareness and a physical presence have seen Silva likened to Ruben Dias, who he is almost certain to partner at the back for Portugal.

Image: Sebastian El-Saqqa/picture alliance
9 images
1 | 9
9 images

Edited by: Matt Pearson

Send us your feedback
YOUR FEEDBACK
Skip next section Explore more
Skip next section Related topics
Skip next section DW's Top Story
DW's Top Story
Elon Musk backs far-right AfD in German op-ed
POLITICS10 hours ago
10 hours ago
Trump sides with Musk in right-wing visa debate
POLITICS3 hours ago
3 hours ago
Calls for EU to sanction Elon Musk for 'interference'
POLITICS12/20/2024
December 20, 2024
03:05 min
Page 1 of 2
Skip next section More stories from DW
Go to homepage
ABOUT DW
Who we are
Press
DW Global Media Forum
DW OFFERS
Learn German
DW Akademie
SERVICE
Newsletters
Reception
FAQ
Contact
Topics from A to Z
Headlines
B2B
Sales & Distribution
Travel
Advertising
German News Service
FOLLOW US ON
© 2024 Deutsche Welle
Privacy Policy
Legal notice
Digital accessibility
Data privacy settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dw.com/en/euro-2024-germany-beat-hungary-to-qualify-for-last-16/a-69418836 
 ----- 
