Skip to content
Subscribe Now
50°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Local News
News Alerts
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Business
Best Reviews
Marijuana
Education
Health
Housing
Transportation
California News
National News
Sports
Sports
Local Sports
High School Sports
Athlete of the Week
Oakland Athletics
Raiders
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
San Jose Sharks
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Food & Drink
Movies
Home & Garden
Merriment on Main
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Columnists
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Black issues
Best of 2024 Magazine
Advertising
Advertise With Us
A&E Source
Local Guide
Jobs
Real Estate
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Advertising Articles
Public Notices
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log In

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICS
A’s waste strong first start from Basso in loss to Tigers
Brady Basso struck out six in six shutout innings
1 of 8

Detroit Tigers pitcher Brant Hurter throws against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 7, 2024, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Tony Avelar)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 7, 2024 at 6:58 PM PDT

OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Brant Hurter pitched 5 1/3 innings of one-run ball, and the Detroit Tigers beat the Oakland Athletics 2-1 on Saturday.

Detroit moved back over .500 after losing three of its previous four games. The Tigers (72-71) haven’t had a winning season since they went 86-75 in 2016.

Looking to rally in the race for the third AL wild card, Detroit bounced back nicely after losing 7-6 to Oakland in 13 innings on Friday night.

“Our vibe, our energy is excellent — after wins, after losses, after walk-offs, after tough games, maybe even games we don’t play well,” manager A.J. Hinch said. “If you get in that mode of resetting over 162 (games), it’s going to pay off, and games like last night are key when we already know we’re going to show up in the ballpark ready to play the next day.”

Hurter (4-1) entered after Brenan Hanifee got the first two outs as an opener. Hurter allowed four hits, struck out three and walked one.

The 26-year-old left-hander, who has made one start in his first seven major league appearances this year, is settling into a bulk relief role.

“Just going out there and having multiple innings has gotten me more comfortable, and then when I start, it really doesn’t affect me,” Hurter said.

Oakland (62-81) lost for the third time in four games. The A’s wasted a sharp performance by Brady Basso, who struck out six while pitching six innings of three-hit ball.

After Basso departed, the Tigers loaded the bases with none out in the seventh — helped by an error on second baseman Zack Gelof. Dillon Dingler drove in Colt Keith with a fielder’s choice grounder against T.J. McFarland (2-2), and Parker Meadows made it 2-1 with a sacrifice fly.

A’s manager Mark Kotsay said that they had been set up to go to their high-leverage relievers in the bullpen with a late lead.

“Had we played better defense in the seventh, I think we win this game 1-0,” Kotsay said.

Ricky Vanasco worked the seventh for Detroit, and Sean Guenther pitched 1 1/3 hitless innings. Jason Foley got two outs for his 21st save.

Oakland jumped in front in the fifth. Gelof singled, stole second and advanced to third on Nick Allen’s flyout to center. Kyle McCann followed with an RBI single.

Basso threw 85 pitches, 56 for strikes, in his first major league start. The 26-year-old left-hander had made three prior relief appearances for the A’s this season.

“I thought the kid did a great job,” Kotsay said. “It was impressive. … Just an incredible job by a young man, really poised on the mound, really impressive day.”

Basso said getting to start a major league game was a “dream come true,” and he felt like he gave the team a chance to win.

“As a little kid, all you want to do is pitch in the big leagues and I was able to do that,” Basso said. “It was awesome. It was really fun.”

The A’s, who will play their games in Sacramento next season ahead of a planned move to Las Vegas in 2028, drew 14,694 fans. They are playing in their final series of their penultimate homestand.

Oakland’s Lawrence Butler doubled in the third to extend his career-best hit streak to 17 games.

UP NEXT

RHP J.T. Ginn (0-0, 4.30 ERA) is scheduled to start the series finale for the A’s. The Tigers have not yet announced a starter.

Originally Published: September 7, 2024 at 6:54 PM PDT
Around the Web
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Bone on Bone Joints? Try This 15 Second Solution
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
tardive
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Shocked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Struggling to Stay Hydrated? This Might Be The Answer
Liquid I.V.
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
North Charleston: Brand New Senior 2-bed Apartments for $150/month - Peek Inside
Senior Living
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Rio Vista Bridge Closure Scheduled for January
Rio Vista Bridge Closure Scheduled for January
Department of Interior approves federal trust status for casino site in Vallejo
Department of Interior approves federal trust status for casino site in Vallejo
Detective takes stand in preliminary hearing
Detective takes stand in preliminary hearing
The 7 Best Fat Burners Of 2024 Ranked
The 7 Best Fat Burners Of 2024 Ranked
Vacaville business helps with evacuations in fire zone
Vacaville business helps with evacuations in fire zone
Vanden High boys basketball soars over Vacaville
Vanden High boys basketball soars over Vacaville
Schmutzler honored in retirement
Schmutzler honored in retirement
Mitolyn Reviews (Purple Peel Exploit for Weight Loss) Safe or Serious Side Effects?
Mitolyn Reviews (Purple Peel Exploit for Weight Loss) Safe or Serious Side Effects?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Bay Area sports rewind: Recounting the wild ride that was 2024
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Rickey Henderson’s daughter addresses reports of false funeral service
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
2024
September
7
SUBSCRIBE
e-Edition
Sign Up For Newsletters
CONTACT US
FAQ
Open House Form
Photo Reprints
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
ADVERTISE WITH US
MediaNews Group Advertising
Today’s Ads
PUBLIC NOTICES
Local Guide
Jobs
Real Estate
Special Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thereporter.com/2024/09/07/brant-hurter-helps-the-tigers-move-back-over-500-with-a-2-1-victory-over-the-athletics/ 
 ----- 
