Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Zach LaVine Reacts to Teammate’s Poster Dunk on Victor Wembanyama
Chicago Bulls guard Coby White threw down an emphatic slam over San Antonio Spurs superstar Victor Wembanyama.
Logan Struck | Jan 7, 2025
Jan 6, 2025; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Chicago Bulls guard Coby White (0) celebrates after dunking the ball against San Antonio Spurs center Victor Wembanyama (1) during the second half at United Center. Mandatory Credit: Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images / Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago Bulls
San Antonio Spurs

After trailing by as much as 19 points, the Chicago Bulls stormed back to take down the San Antonio Spurs 114-110, moving to 17-19 on the season.

Zach LaVine led the way for Chicago, scoring 35 points with 10 rebounds and 8 assists. The two-time NBA All-Star has now scored 30+ in four of his last five appearances, proving all the doubters wrong after a disappointing 2023-24 season.

Bulls guard Coby White also played a huge role in the comeback, scoring 23 points but his night was highlighted by a monster slam over Spurs superstar Victor Wembanyama to ice the game with 15 seconds left.

Via NBA: "COBY WHITE THROW IT DOWN!!!
BULLS ICE THE VICTORY ON THIS EMPHATIC SLAM"

Dunking over the 7-foot-3 French phenom is not an easy task for anyone, especially for the 6-foot-5 Chicago guard. White's slam overshadowed an absurd night from Wembanyama, who had 23 points, 14 rebounds, and 8 blocks.

LaVine was feeling jealous of White's highlight slam after the win, saying how they talked about wanting to attempt a dunk over Wembanyama.

"We had a running joke like, somebody has to try [Wembanyama]," LaVine said. "I was trying to but it didn’t work out. So I’m happy and I’m a little envious because Coby has two dunks on the year. One of them is on Wemby. So, kudos."

LaVine has had plenty of highlight dunks in his career, and two NBA Dunk Contest titles to show for it, but it is understandable to want to posterize the league's best rim protector. White got a once-in-a-career opportunity to dunk on Wemby and made the most of it.

Related Articles

NBA Fans React to New Chicago Bulls Trade Report

Anthony Edwards Makes NBA History in Timberwolves-Bulls

14-Year NBA Veteran, Ex-Bulls Player Announces Retirement

Published Jan 7, 2025
LOGAN STRUCK

Logan Struck is a writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's On SI since 2023

Follow LoganStruck

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/bulls/news/zach-lavine-reacts-to-teammate-s-poster-dunk-on-victor-wembanyama-01jgzj7xa7wt 
 ----- 
