insidezim
Menu
JOBS
 
PROPERTY
 
CARS
 
DIRECTORY
 
DATING
CRICKETS, NEWS, SPORT
Burl’s 2 wickets, 30 runs give Zimbabwe series win over Ireland

'Ryan has won us matches with the ball. Today, with the bat, was the strong finish we want from him'

  
SHARE
BYASSOCIATED PRESS
01:00, 16 JAN 2023
Star man ... Zimbabwean bowler Ryan Burl celebrates a wicket, on the final day of the T20 International cricket match between Zimbabwe and Ireland, at Harare Sports Club in Harare, Zimbabwe, Sunday, January 15, 2023. (AP Photo/Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi)
SHARE

Zimbabwe 144/6 beat Ireland 141/9 by four wickets with six balls remaining

HARARE — All-rounder Ryan Burl hit an 11-ball 30 not out in the third Twenty20 game on Sunday as Zimbabwe beat Ireland by four wickets with an over to spare to win the series 2-1.

Leg-spinner Burl first took 2-28 after Zimbabwe won the toss and chose to field at Harare Sports Club, restricting Ireland to 141-9. Burl, who was man of the match, then helped Zimbabwe’s chase with a rapid 30 after captain Craig Ervine fell shortly after his half-century.

Luke Jongwe hit the winning runs with a boundary over long on off the last ball of the penultimate over as the hosts reached 144-6.

“I spoke to Ryan, I told him he is a batsman who bowls leg spin, and he has won us matches with the ball. Today, with the bat, was the strong finish we want from him,” Zimbabwe’s head coach Dave Houghton said.

Off-spinner Wessly Madhevere alongside pacers Tendai Chatara and Jongwe also grabbed a brace of wickets each as Zimbabwe kept the Ireland batting in check with line and length.

Only Harry Tector was able to resist, top-scoring with 47 for Ireland in a patient 38-ball innings.

Tector was out when Madhevere’s delivery drifted through the air and clean-bowled the batter, uprooting the middle stump.

In pursuit, Ervine top-scored with 54 for the Zimbabweans, facing 43 balls and hitting six fours.

He anchored the innings after coming in at No. 3, taking quick singles and waiting patiently for the bad balls to find the boundary.

“It’s a great place to be at the moment, winning a series against Ireland with some of your lesser experienced players. It’s very exciting for the future,” said Ervine, commenting on the absence of star batter Sikandar Raza and premier bowler Blessing Muzarabani.

Gary Ballance was also missing for Zimbabwe for the second time in the series after a mild concussion in the first T20, which Zimbabwe won by five wickets.

Ireland won the second T20 game by six wickets with two balls remaining. – AP

News
All
Most Recent Most Popular
1
NEWS, TOP STORIES
Mnangagwa breaks vacation to swap 2 ministers, install new spy boss
Re-assignments are with immediate effect, the presidency said
2
INTERNATIONAL, NEWS, TOP STORIES
Rabble-rousing Mozambican opposition leader postpones protest announcement
 
3
NEWS, TOP STORIES
Police deny claims ex boss Godwin Matanga defied retirement order
 
4
CRICKETS, NEWS, SPORT
Raza, Nyamhuri take 3 wickets each as Afghanistan all out for 157
 
5
HARARE, INTERNATIONAL, NEWS, RELIGION, TOP STORIES
Assad 'poisoned' in 'assassination attempt' as relations with Putin turn 'chilly'
NEWS
WHAT'S ON
SPORT
BUSINESS
FOLLOW US
  
Contact Us
 
About Us
 
How To Complain
 
Privacy Policy
 
Terms & Conditions Us
 
© 2025 ZimLive.com
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.zimlive.com/burls-2-wickets-30-runs-give-zimbabwe-series-win-over-ireland/ 
 ----- 
