Cricket
Last-ball thriller gets series off to a flier as Zimbabwe wins first ODI against Ireland

By icc-cricket.com HARARE: The opening match of the One Day International series between Zimbabwe and Ireland came down to the final ball after a thrilling day’s cricket in Harare. Centuries from captain Andy Balbirnie and Harry Tector had boosted Ireland to a first-innings total of 288/4, with a rain delay cutting the number of overs

18th January 2023
Zimbabwe’s Andy Flower turns down Pakistan coaching job

By Agencies The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has failed to convince former Zimbabwe captain, Andy Flower, for the role of national cricket team head coach. As per reports, the newly appointed PCB management is looking for a head coach after the sacking of Saqlain Mushtaq, Shaun Tait, and Mohammad Yousuf. The management committee has been

17th January 2023
Zimbabwe seal series win against Ireland

By Sports Reporter  ZIMBABWE captain Craig Ervine scored a brilliant half-century before Ryan Burl produced some sensational power-hitting at the end as the hosts held their nerve to edge out Ireland by four wickets in the final T20I at a packed Harare Sports Club on Sunday and claim the series 2-1. After Ireland made 141-9 off

16th January 2023
Zimbabwe Cricket shields Ballance from local media despite solid debut

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE Cricket on Thursday bizarrely turned down media requests for Gary Ballance to attend the mandatory post-match press conference despite playing a key role in Zimbabwe’s victory against Ireland in the opening T20I at Harare Sports Club. Ballance made his Zimbabwe debut as the hosts beat Ireland by five wickets in the

15th January 2023
All-round Zimbabwe make winning start against Ireland 

By Sports Reporter  ZIMBABWE made a winning start to the new season after winning the opening Twenty20 International (T20I) against Ireland by five wickets at Harare Sports Club on Thursday to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series. After producing a superb all-round bowling display to dismiss Ireland for a paltry 114 runs in

13th January 2023
INTERVIEW: If you remain honest, the game will reward you. – Raza

By New Age Zimbabwe all-rounder Sikandar Raza is enjoying a purple patch in his career thanks to his sublime batting over the last year. His swashbuckling batting against the likes of Bangladesh, India, and Australia helped him be nominated in the final shortlist for ICC Men’s ODI Player of the Year. Raza earned the award by

10th January 2023
Chevrons duo signed up for Nepal T20 League

By Sports Reporter Zimbabwe cricket team players Sean Williams and Ryan Burl will have an opportunity to showcase their talents in the shorter version of the game after earning contracts to feature in the inaugural edition of the Nepal T20 League which kicks off this Friday. Thirty-six-year-old Williams will be one of their five foreign

23rd December 2022
Zimbabwe U-19 team preparing for T20 World Cup in Mumbai gets surprise visit

By Agencies While the Indian team is busy with their tour of Bangladesh, Zimbabwe’s young cricketers are getting accustomed to the playing conditions in the subcontinent, thanks to the Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA). The young cricketers are preparing for the 2024 Under-19 T20 World Cup, which is scheduled to be held in Sri Lanka. Former

18th December 2022
Raza signed by Lahore Qalandars ahead of Pakistan Super League

By Sports Reporter Zimbabwe cricket team star Sikandar Raza is set to play in the upcoming edition of the Pakistan Super League after being signed by the Lahore Qalandars during the competition’s draft on Thursday. This year’s PSL draft was staged in Karachi ahead of the eighth season of the tournament scheduled to run from

17th December 2022
‘Two finalists of last World Cup were beaten by Zimbabwe and Ireland’: Sikandar Raza urges ICC to include more associate nations in series against major teams

By Agencies The story of Zimbabwe cricket has been excellent this year, and Sikandar Raza has certainly played a big part in it with both bat and the ball. He recently gave an interview where he talked about the importance of giving chances to associate nations in order to increase competition. Zimbabwe first sealed their

9th December 2022
CRICKET: Ireland return to Zimbabwe for the first time since 2018

By Belfast Telegraph Ireland will return to Zimbabwe next month for the first time since 2018 — when they failed to qualify for the ICC World Cup in England — to contest three T20 internationals and three one-day internationals. All the games will be at the Harare Sports Club with the T20s being played from

8th December 2022
Zim Cricket to launch six-team T10 tournament in March 2023

By espn.com Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC) has announced their first privately-owned franchise league, a T10 tournament, which has been established with Mulk International – the founding company of the Abu Dhabi T10. The six-team tournament is slated to take place in March 2023 and will be called the Zim Afro T10. The Abu Dhabi T10 has been

8th December 2022
Williams joins Raza, Burl in Bangladesh Premier League 2023

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE all-rounder Sean Williams will play for Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) team Comilla Victorians next season after being signed up by the three-time champions during the tournament draft held in Dhaka on Wednesday. A total of 660 cricketers, among them 400 foreigners and 260 local players were listed in the players’ draft

25th November 2022
In-demand Raza snapped up by Rangpur Riders ahead of Bangladesh Premier League 2023

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE cricket team star all-rounder Sikandar Raza has expressed his delight after completing a move to join the Rangpur Riders ahead of the 2023 edition of the Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) to be played from January 5 to February 16. Raza, who has been attracting global attention after his exploits at the

19th November 2022
Zimbabwe delighted to co-host ICC U19 Men’s Cricket World Cup 2026

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE Cricket board chairman has welcomed the decision by the International Cricket Council (ICC) to host the ICC Under-19 World Cup. Tavengwa Mukuhlani added that the tournament will provide an opportunity to further grow the sport while also marketing the country as a premier sports tourism destination. The ICC on Sunday confirmed

14th November 2022
Zimbabwe cricket chief mulls contesting ICC chairman polls

By Agencies Zimbabwe Cricket chairman Tavengwa Mukuhlani is likely to be in the race to challenge Greg Barclay for the ICC chairman’s post at the upcoming elections slated next week in Melbourne. Famously known as ‘Doc’ from his university days as a pharmacist, Mukuhlani has been on the ICC Board for a long time. He’s

7th November 2022
LATEST: Zimbabwe all but eliminated after defeat by Dutch

By Reuters MELBOURNE: Zimbabwe’s hopes of reaching the semi-finals of the T20 World Cup effectively evaporated following their five-wicket defeat by the Netherlands in a Group 2 match in Adelaide on Wednesday. Craig Ervine’s team fancied a top two place in the group after stunning former champions Pakistan but were virtually eliminated after slipping to fourth place

2nd November 2022
World Cup Semi-finals Would Be ‘Icing On The Cake’ For Zimbabwe

By AFP Zimbabwe skipper Craig Ervine said on Tuesday that a shock semi-final spot at the Twenty20 World Cup would be the “icing on the cake”. Zimbabwe play the Netherlands in Adelaide on Wednesday in their penultimate Super 12 game and must win in their pursuit of a place in the last four. The African

2nd November 2022
Zimbabwe cricketer Burl signs for Bangladesh’s Sylhet Strikers ahead of upcoming league

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE cricket’s rising gem, Ryan Burl has joined the Sylhet Strikers ahead of the upcoming season of Bangladesh Cricket League. The franchise took to social media to announce Burl’s signing Monday. “Burl is now a Striker! We welcome Ryan Burl to our Sylhet Strikers family,” the club said in a statement on

1st November 2022
Extremely weird: Zimbabwe’s Sean Williams on no-ball drama

By Agencies Veteran Zimbabwe batter Sean Williams described the last-ball drama as “extremely weird” after Bangladesh pulled off a win in a game of changing fortunes in the T20 World Cup here on Sunday. In an unprecedented incident, players of both the teams were called back from the dugout after the game*s last delivery was deemed

31st October 2022

Tweets by NewZimbabweCom

Get Our Free Newsletter

Email Address *
First Name
Last Name




About NewZimbabwe.com

NewZimbabwe.com – The Zimbabwe News You Trust is Zimbabwe’s leading online newspaper and published by New Zimbabwe Media Ltd.

The platform brings you the latest breaking News, Business, Showbiz, Sports, Diaspora and gives you everything you’ve come to expect and love. Our Forums are vibrant and gives everyone a chance to be heard. On your computer, tablet smart phone or on our App its quick, easy and free access all the news you love.

NewZimbabwe.com is updated continually with the latest news to help you feed your addiction with stories & photos from Zimbabwe and many more!

Important Information
Terms & Conditions
Advertising Terms & Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Discussion Guidelines
Contact Us
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newzimbabwe.com/category/cricket/page/2/ 
 ----- 
