Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
New York Mets and Atlanta Braves to play doubleheader on Monday after hurricane forecast washes out rest of pivotal series
A tarp covers the infield as rain comes down at Truist Park after the baseball game between the New York Mets and Atlanta Braves as postponed, Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Atlanta. The Mets-Braves games scheduled for Wednesday and Thursday are postponed and will be made up as a doubleheader Monday, Sept. 30. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)
By PAUL NEWBERRY | Associated Press
UPDATED: September 25, 2024 at 10:00 PM CST

ATLANTA — The final two games of a crucial series between the New York Mets and Atlanta Braves were postponed Wednesday by heavy rains ahead of Hurricane Helene.

Now, a wild-card race that seemed headed to the final day of the regular season may require an extra day.

And a doubleheader, at that.

The regular season was set to end Sunday, but the Mets are now scheduled to return to Atlanta on Monday for a pair of games 40 minutes apart that could determine who heads to the playoffs.

New York plays three games in Milwaukee against the NL Central champion Brewers beginning Friday, while the Braves have a weekend series against the Kansas City Royals, a playoff contender in the AL.

“We’ve got to move on to the next series now,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “We’re facing another really good team in Milwaukee and we’ve got to go out there and not only win a series but we’ve got to go out there and take care of business. That’s the only thing we can do: control the things we control.”

The Mets (87-70) went into the day with a half-game lead over Arizona in the wild-card race, with the Braves (86-71) a full game back. Two of those teams will make the playoffs, which are set to begin Tuesday with the best-of-three wild-card round.

“I hope the Royals can get here,” said Braves manager Brian Snitker, looking ahead to an ominous forecast for the next two days as the hurricane’s remnants move through Georgia. “I would hope we don’t get things screwed up for their series.”

The Diamondbacks had a game Wednesday night against the San Francisco Giants. Arizona is off Thursday before a three-game series at home against the San Diego Padres to close out the regular season.

The Braves beat the Mets 5-1 on Tuesday night in the opening game of the series against their NL East rivals.

Both teams were off Monday, but there was no indication that the teams or MLB considered moving up the start of the series. Also, there was a missed opportunity to get in Wednesday’s game before heavy rain swept through the area during the afternoon.

Mendoza said he didn’t have discussions with MLB until just before the decision was made to postpone both games at 5:11 p.m. EDT — about two hours before the first pitch Wednesday.

“Look, my job is to manage a team,” he said. “We knew there was weather, but you can’t predict it. We came here (Tuesday), lost a game, and we were ready to play today and we just got a call.”

With the final two games in Atlanta pushed back, the Mets could be facing an especially grueling travel schedule over the next week.

It’s not out of the question that they will fly to back to Atlanta for the doubleheader Monday, then hustle to grab another flight — either back to Milwaukee or to the West Coast — for the start of the wild-card series on Tuesday should they make the playoffs.

Then again, they did get a couple of unplanned off days before that final stretch.

“I mean, it could be beneficial,” Mendoza said. “A couple of guys needing an extra day or two and your bullpen is going to be a little bit fresher.”

There is a chance the doubleheader would not be needed if the playoff race is settled by Sunday, but Mendoza wasn’t sure if there was a contingency plan.

“I’m not going to get too far ahead,” he said. “Right now, we’ve just got to concentrate on the next series.”

Originally Published: September 25, 2024 at 5:00 PM CST
Around the Web
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Park Ranger Evacuates the South Carolina Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
What is Squamous Cell Carcinoma? Do You Know? (See More)
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Discover the Unexpected Triggers of Myelodysplastic Syndrome!
Myeloma I Search Ads
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Doctors Stunned: the One-minute Morning Ritual That Erases Joint Pain!
Healthier Living Tips
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Judge releases woman who stabbed a classmate to please Slender Man from a psychiatric hospital
CPS CEO Pedro Martinez injunction hearing postponed by judge
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M
Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Mike Kafka and Pete Carroll are the latest candidates to interview
Chicago basketball report: Will Bulls go another year without an All-Star selection?
NHL postpones LA Kings’ home game due to massive wildfires while NFL monitors a possible postseason impact
NFL moves Vikings-Rams playoff game to Arizona after days of devastating wildfires in the Los Angeles area
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN SPORTS
Notre Dame earns a spot in the CFP title game with a thrilling 27-24 win over Penn State in the Orange Bowl
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary and appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Bears Q&A: Has the dynamic shifted? Should there be confidence they’ll get the coach right this time?
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Mike Kafka and Pete Carroll are the latest candidates to interview
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
2024
September
25
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/25/new-york-mets-atlanta-braves-hurricane-doubleheader/ 
 ----- 
