Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
METS
Mets-Braves weather update (9/25/24): Hurricane Helene sets up drama-filled doubleheader ... next week
Updated: Sep. 25, 2024, 5:26 p.m.|Published: Sep. 25, 2024, 7:40 a.m.

Series between Mets and Braves might be postponed as hurricane barrels through the south. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)AP

By Manny Gómez | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

UPDATE, 2: The remaining two games of the Mets’ series at the Atlanta Braves have been postponed, according to The New York Post. A doubleheader is scheduled for Monday.

###

0:00
/
0:49
Keep Watching
Leighton Baines praises Everton response after victory on 'difficult day'

UPDATE: If rain washes out both games, the Mets and Braves could — if playoff seeds are on the line — be forced to play a doubleheader Monday, a day after the 162-game regular season is scheduled to conclude. The New York Post outlined the “nightmare scenario.”

###

Fans hoping to watch the Mets potentially clinch a playoff spot against the Braves at Truist Park this week might have to wait.

With Tropical Storm Helene, which strengthened into a hurricane late Wednesday morning, preparing to barrel through the Gulf Coast, weather forecasts don’t look promising for the next two games in Atlanta. This means the Mets, whose magic number stands at four, will have to wait before dousing each other in champagne — that is if they clinch a postseason berth.

The Weather Channel currently has Atlanta under a flood watch for Wednesday, with rain expected to begin in the afternoon. The first pitch between the Mets and the Braves is scheduled for 7:20 p.m. EST.

BUY METS TICKETS: STUBHUB, VIVID SEATS, TICKETMASTER

Here’s the hourly forecast for Atlanta at around game time, according to The Weather Channel:

6:00 p.m. — 67%
7:00 p.m. — 89%
8:00 p.m. — 100%
9:00 p.m. — 88%
10:00 p.m. — 85%
11:00 p.m. — 98%
What are the possibilities?

MLB missed a big opportunity to salvage these games earlier on Monday when both the Mets and the Braves had an off day. At that point, weather forecasts had already predicted this storm would threaten the series, which has postseason ramifications for both teams.

Now, the league is essentially out of options. While no announcements have been made, the only off day remaining for both teams is next Monday, Sept. 30. By then, the Mets could have a Wild Card berth sealed up and the Wild Card Series begins the next day.

For now, all the Mets and the Braves could do is wait. But it seems the only real possibility is a double-header next Monday.

MORE METS COVERAGE
Ex-Mets outfielder is lonely this offseason: ‘I haven’t gotten any phone calls' in free agency
Baseball Hall of Fame 2025: How Ichiro Suzuki, CC Sabathia, Billy Wagner, all 28 candidates fare after 122 votes
Forget Yankees: Mets are ‘more open’ to adding batting champion
Ex-MLB exec: Scott Boras is making stuff up about Pete Alonso to scare Mets
Roki Sasaki rumors | As decision nears, do Yankees, Mets still have a chance?

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.

Manny Gómez may be reached at mgomez@njadvancemedia.com.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/mets/2024/09/mets-weather-update-9252024-hurricane-threatens-braves-series.html 
 ----- 
