Skip to content
Subscribe Now
26°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Mets lose opener of crucial series with Braves
New York Mets pitcher Luis Severino throws in the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Tuesday, Sept. 24, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 25, 2024 at 8:12 AM EST

ATLANTA — Michael Harris II had three more hits, including a solo home run and an RBI double, and rookie Spencer Schwellenbach shut down the New York Mets again as the Atlanta Braves cruised to a 5-1 win Tuesday night in the opener of a pivotal three-game series.

“Felt good to come out swinging and get some runs early,” Harris said. “That’s what we did tonight. Pitching was phenomenal from Schwellenbach. We just have to come out and do the same thing the next two days.”

Marcell Ozuna added his 39th home run for Atlanta, which trails the Mets by one game in the National League playoff race with five remaining. New York (87-70) stayed a half-game ahead of Arizona (87-71) for the second of three wild cards, while the Braves (86-71) moved within a half-game of the Diamondbacks for the league’s last postseason berth when Arizona lost 11-0 to San Francisco at home.

Those three teams are competing for two spots that remain available, after San Diego punched its playoff ticket with a 4-2 victory at Dodger Stadium.

Schwellenbach (8-7) threw seven strong innings, giving up one run and three hits with four strikeouts. He allowed one run and five hits while striking out 15 batters over 14 innings in two wins against the Mets this season.

“The juices were definitely flowing,” Schwellenbach said. “This is basically the playoffs for us. We need wins.”

Harris finished a triple shy of the cycle and has 13 hits in his last five games. He also made a diving catch in center field to rob Mets rookie Luisangel Acuña of a base hit.

“Good timing,” said Braves manager Brian Snitker. “It is the right time of year to get hot.”

Acuña was playing his first major league game in front of older brother Ronald Acuña Jr., who watched from the Atlanta dugout. The star Braves outfielder and reigning NL MVP is out for the season with a knee injury. The siblings exchanged jerseys before the game.

Luis Severino (11-7) took the loss, giving up four runs in four innings. He permitted seven hits and a walk while striking out five.

New York was coming off a 6-1 homestand.

Mark Vientos hit his 26th home run for the Mets, and Jose Iglesias extended his hitting streak to 17 games.

“We still have a chance to win a series here,” manager Carlos Mendoza said. “We didn’t play well. We didn’t make a play a couple of times. We missed a cutoff man one time. We’ve got to turn the page. I know it is going to be a story because it is here in Atlanta. We’ve got to go out and do it.”

The Braves pushed across three runs in the third, when Harris doubled home Orlando Arcia and then scored on a single from Ozzie Albies. With two outs, Ramón Laureano knocked in Albies with a soft single.

Harris extended the lead to 4-0 with a 422-foot homer to left field in the fourth, and Ozuna’s shot made it 5-0 in the fifth.

Heavy rains from Tropical Storm Helene are forecast for the Atlanta area on Wednesday and Thursday, which might make it difficult to get the games in and could potentially force a makeup situation next Monday, one day after the regular season is scheduled to be completed. The Mets are at Milwaukee starting Friday, and the Braves will host the Royals.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mets: Star shortstop Francisco Lindor missed his eighth straight game with a sore back. He worked out beforehand and was available to pinch hit. Lindor was on deck when the game ended, and Mendoza said the switch-hitter “could be in play for (Wednesday).” Lindor had a bone scan Monday that revealed no structural damage to his back.

Braves: 3B Austin Riley was ruled out for the year after a CT scan Monday showed his broken right hand had not healed sufficiently. Riley was hit by a pitch on Aug. 18 and initially ruled out for six to eight weeks, leaving some hope he could return for the postseason if the Braves make it. … Snitker said RHP Reynaldo López threw a side session and could be activated from the injured list this week. He is eligible to return Thursday.

UP NEXT

Weather permitting, Mets LHP David Peterson (9-3, 3.08 ERA) will face LHP Chris Sale (18-3, 2.38) in the middle game of the series Wednesday night.

Around the Web
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Do Not Play Online Slots Until You Have Read This
Casino Review Journal
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $150/month - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
With This Trick Your Hair Will Grow Back in 5 Days!
Moerie
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Wide-eyed!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
What Causes Tnbc (Find out More!)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Simple Method Ends Tinnitus - Stops Ringing Ears (Watch)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Health News | Joint Pain
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
10 Foods You Should Never Eat for Dinner
HEALTH NATURAL
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
Don't Ignore These Early Warning Signs of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
Can't Sleep? Doctor Begs: "Anyone With Insomnia - Do This Before Bed Next Time"
WG Sleep Health
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Diamonds
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Banks Offering North Charleston Homes at Massive Discounts. Don't Miss Out!
Real Estate Sales
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
HS Ice Hockey Notebook: PDS embracing challenge of Gordon Conference
HS Ice Hockey Notebook: PDS embracing challenge of Gordon Conference
Today in History: January 9, the iPhone makes its debut
Today in History: January 9, the iPhone makes its debut
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN MLB
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
2024
September
25
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/25/mets-lose-opener-of-crucial-series-with-braves/ 
 ----- 
