Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
China keeps its World Cup hopes alive despite a 1-0 loss to South Korea. Thailand and India miss out
1 of 11 |  

South Korea’s Son Heung-min, center left, makes an attempt to score during the second round of the Asian qualifier group C match for 2026 FIFA World Cup between South Korea and China at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man)

Read More
2 of 11 |  

South Korea’s Son Heung-min, right, fights for the ball against China’s Yang Zexiang during the second round of the Asian qualifier group C match for 2026 World Cup between South Korea and China at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man)

Read More
3 of 11 |  

China’s goalkeeper Wang Dalei reacts after the second round of the Asian qualifier group C match for 2026 World Cup between South Korea and China at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man)

4 of 11 |  

South Korea’s Son Heung-min, right, fights for the ball against China’s Fang Hao during the second round of the Asian qualifier group C match for 2026 FIFA World Cup between South Korea and China at Seoul World Cup Stadium in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (AP Photo/Lee Jin-man)

Read More
5 of 11 |  

Thailand’s Suphanat Mueanta lays down on the ground at the end of the World Cup Asia qualifying match at Rajamangala national stadium in Bangkok, Thailand, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. Thailand won Singapore 3-1.(AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit)

6 of 11 |  

Singapore’s Mahler William, left, fights for the ball with Thailand’s Supachok Sarachat during World Cup Asia qualifying match at Rajamangala national stadium in Bangkok, Thailand, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. Thailand won Singapore’ 3-1. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit)

7 of 11 |  

Thailand’s Suphanat Mueanta, left, fights for the ball with Singapore’s Glenn Kweh during World Cup Asia qualifying match at Rajamangala national stadium in Bangkok, Thailand, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. Thailand won over Singapore 3-1. (AP Photo/Sakchai Lalit)

8 of 11 |  

Aziz Behich, center, of Australia reacts as he is fouled by Yaser Hamed of Palestine during their World Cup qualifier at HBF Park in Perth, Australia, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (Richard Wainwright/AAP Image via AP)

9 of 11 |  

A supporter of Palestine soccer team smiles ahead of their World Cup qualifier against Australia at HBF Park in Perth, Australia, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (Richard Wainwright/AAP Image via AP)

10 of 11 |  

Kusini Yengi of Australia scores a goal from a penalty against Palestine during their World Cup qualifier at HBF Park in Perth, Australia, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (Richard Wainwright/AAP Image via AP)

11 of 11 |  

Australia’s Nestory Irankunda, left, fights for the ball with Bangladesh’s Isa Faysal during a qualifying soccer match for the FIFA World Cup 2026 at Bashundhara Kings Arena in Dhaka, Bangladesh, Thursday, June 6, 2024. (AP Photo/Mosaraf Hossain)

BY  JOHN DUERDEN
Updated 12:27 AM UTC, June 12, 2024
Share

China kept its 2026 World Cup hopes alive by the narrowest of margins despite a 1-0 loss to South Korea on Tuesday in Asian qualifying.

China advanced to the third qualification round because Thailand, needing to beat Singapore by three goals, only won 3-1.

South Korea finished the second round of continental qualifying atop Group C and remains on course for an 11th straight World Cup appearance.

Six of the 18 Asian teams in the next stage will secure automatic spots at the World Cup. Two more teams will earn direct entry to the World Cup from a fourth stage in Asian qualifying and another will go into intercontinental playoffs for a spot at the global tournament.

In front of 65,000 fans at Seoul World Cup Stadium, Lee Kang-in scored in the 61st minute. A cross from Tottenham star Son Heung-min found its way to the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder, who scored on a low shot from near the penalty spot.

“We were able to keep China from creating any dangerous chances,” Son said. “There’s no such thing as a perfect match, but we stayed patient and capitalized on our chance to win. Obviously, we could have won by a bigger margin, but overall, everyone did a great job.”

RELATED STORIES
Son scores 50th international goal as South Korea beats Kuwait in World Cup qualifying.
Japan on brink of reaching World Cup while Indonesia stuns Saudi Arabia
Struggling Australia and Saudi Arabia play a crucial Asian World Cup qualifier

China needed a draw or better to ensure second place in the group but was forced to wait and hope that Singapore could avoid a three-goal loss in Bangkok.

China’s only appearance at a men’s World Cup so far was in 2002, when the tournament was co-hosted by South Korea and Japan.

At the Rajamangala Stadium, Suphanat Mueanta put Thailand ahead in the first half, and Ikhsan Fandi equalized just before the hour.

Thailand made it 3-1 on goals from Poramet Arjvirai and Jaroensak Wonggorn but couldn’t find the key fourth goal.

“I feel disappointed that we didn’t make it to the next round,” Suphanat said. “I have to apologize to the football fans and all Thai people … there were so many opportunities.”

There was also heartbreak for the India squad. India needed to beat Group A leader Qatar to be sure of progressing but lost 2-1 in Doha after scoring the first goal. Kuwait scored in the 81st minute to Afghanistan 1-0 and take second spot with seven points from six games.

Earlier, in a contest between teams already confirmed as first and second in Group I, Australia beat the Palestinian team 5-0 in Perth to make it six wins out of six and a 22-0 goal difference.

Socceroos forward Kusini Yengi scored twice, including the contentious penalty in the opening minutes that upset the Palestinian team, and 18-year-old Nestory Irankunda capped it with a late penalty.

A crowd of 18,261 fans attended the match in the Western Australia capital, with Palestinian supporters more vocal than the Socceroos fans.

Indonesia progressed with a 2-0 win over the Philippines in Group F.

North Korea took advantage of Syria’s 5-0 loss to Japan, which did not concede a goal in the six games, to take second place in Group B with a 4-1 win over Myanmar.

Oman and Kyrgyzstan progressed from Group D. Iran and Uzbekistan also made it into the third round which will kick off in September, along with Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Jordan finished atop Group G with a come-from-behind 2-1 upset over the Saudis.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Pizza deliverer in Florida charg ed with stabbing pregnant woman at motel after tip disp...
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
South Carolina: Winte r Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Selling...
Ultra Heater
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that he...
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Chinese workers found in 'slaver y-like conditions' in Brazil take...
Dozens of Chinese workers have been taken and put up in hotels in Brazil’s...
AP News
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutio...
budgetsmart
Advertisement:
Why These Ski Goggle s Are a Game Changer
topchicdeals
Advertisement:
Read More
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
2024 New Palisade For Senior Simply Amazes - See The Prices
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
by Taboola
Suggested For You
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
I Gave My Wife an Eternal Rose
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
budgetsmart:Advertisement
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamon ritual tonight
Better Health News:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/asia-world-cup-qualifying-c0cc154f46c86c1da9a96b12b2c21e99 
 ----- 
