Skip to main content
Best News Website or Mobile Service 
Digital Media Awards Worldwide 2022
Sign In
My Feed
Search
Edition Menu
Hamburger Menu
Main navigation
Top Stories
Latest News
Asia
East Asia
Singapore
Commentary
Insider
TODAY
Lifestyle
Watch
Listen
ADVERTISEMENT

Sport

Thailand's World Cup dream ends despite beating Singapore 3-1

Thailand needed to win by three goals to go through to the next round of the World Cup qualifiers.

Thailand's Kritsada Kaman and Singapore's Ikhsan Fandi challenge for the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup AFC qualifiers football match at Rajamangala Stadium in Bangkok on Jun 11, 2024. (Photo: AFP/Manan Vatsyayana)

Listen
3 min
New: You can now listen to articles.
11 Jun 2024 10:53PM (Updated: 12 Jun 2024 02:25PM)
Bookmark
Share
Read a summary of this article on FAST.
FAST

SINGAPORE: Thailand narrowly missed out on reaching the third and final round of the Asian qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup despite beating Singapore 3-1 in Bangkok on Tuesday (Jun 11).

Thailand needed to win by three goals to leapfrog China into second place in Group C.

But they fell short in a frantic finish at the Rajamangala National Stadium, failing to get the goal that would have taken them through to the next round.

The results allowed China to squeeze through after a 1-0 defeat to South Korea in the other Group C match earlier Tuesday evening. 

Thailand started the match on the front foot with midfielder Suphanat Mueanta tapping in a cross from Chanathip Songkrasin in the 36th minute. 

Minutes later, Supachai Chaided failed to convert a shot when put through one-on-one with Hassan Sunny, with the Singapore goalkeeper pulling off one of his many point-blank saves of the night.

The half ended 1-0 to Thailand and Singapore threw on forward Ilhan Fandi for defender Ryhan Stewart.

The Thais started the second half like the first, with Supachai shooting straight at Hassan and the goalkeeper again saving brilliantly from Suphanat.

But as Thailand continued to probe, Ikhsan Fandi equalised for Singapore against the run of play in the 56th minute. He unleashed an unstoppable shot from outside the box past goalkeeper Patiwat Kaomhai.

Thailand continued their assault on Singapore's goal, flashing crosses across the box but without a finishing touch.

The home side made three substitutions in the 65th minute, throwing on attackers in hopes of finding the goals they needed to take them to the next stage.

But the Lions continued to frustrate the Thais despite waves of attacks.

In the 78th minute, substitute Poramet Arjvirai cut in from the left and fired a shot past Hassan, putting Thailand back in the lead. 

Ikhsan missed a golden opportunity to equalise less than two minutes later, heading wide of the goal from a Faris Ramli cross.

Fellow substitute Jaroensak Wonggorn ensured a frantic finish with a header from close range in the 85th minute.

Singapore's Nur Adam Abdullah had a chance to pull one back for the Lions in extra time but his chip from inside the box was cleared off the line.

Jaroensak fired wide in the 95th minute in what was the last chance of the match, which meant China took second spot in the group.

Related:
Singapore head coach Ogura down with COVID-19; assistant Gavin Lee to take charge for Thailand match

Singapore ended their group-stage campaign with a solitary point - after no wins, a draw and five losses.

The Lions had lost their first two matches in their qualifying group last November, falling 3-1 to Thailand and 5-0 to South Korea in Seoul. 

In head coach Tsutomu Ogura's first match in charge, Singapore held China to a 2-2 draw, before losing 1-4 in the reverse fixture in Tianjin.

Last week, Singapore lost 7-0 to South Korea.

Source: CNA/mi(gs)
Related Topics
Football Football Association of Singapore Thailand
ADVERTISEMENT
Also worth reading
Japanese actress Miho Nakayama died due to 'unfortunate accident', agency announces
Actress Sora Ma reveals her husband died 6 months ago, before the birth of their son
Taiwanese TV host Mickey Huang sentenced to 8 months in jail for possessing obscene materials involving minors
Estranged son of late songwriter Liu Chia-chang not given chance to attend dad's funeral, says goodbye with photo of ID
CNA Sections
Asia
Singapore
Business
Insider
TODAY
Lifestyle
Luxury
CNA938 Live
Newsletters
Commentary
Interactives
Live TV
Sport
World
Special Reports
About CNA
About Us
Advertise With Us
Contact Us
Correspondents
Presenters
Mediacorp Network
 Follow our news
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
LinkedIn
RSS

Copyright© Mediacorp 2024. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved.

Official Domain | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Report Vulnerability
This browser is no longer supported

We know it's a hassle to switch browsers but we want your experience with CNA to be fast, secure and the best it can possibly be.

To continue, upgrade to a supported browser or, for the finest experience, download the mobile app.

Upgraded but still having issues? Contact us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.channelnewsasia.com/sport/football-thailand-beat-singapore-world-cup-qualifier-miss-next-round-4401786 
 ----- 
