Skip to content
Skip to footer
Show Menu
eEdition
8
Notification Tray
Log In
Subscribe
NEWS
OBITS
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPINION
NAPA
REAL ESTATE
FOOD & WINE
DINING
A&E
EVENTS GUIDE
FUN
Chinese soccer fans are pouring money into a food stall run by Singapore's goalkeeper. Here's why

Chinese soccer fans have poured their love — and money — into a Singaporean goalkeeper’s food stall after his performance in a game this week indirectly helped China advance to the third qualifying round for the World Cup in 2026.

Slide 1 of 4
Customers line up at the food stall of Singaporean goalkeeper Hassan Sunny in Singapore, Friday, June 14, 2024. Chinese soccer fans have poured their love into Sunny's food stall after his performance in a game this week indirectly helped China advance to the third qualifying round for the World Cup in 2026. (AP Photo/Tim Chong)
FU TING
ASSOCIATED PRESS
June 14, 2024
1 minute read
Gift this article
Share this article

Chinese soccer fans have poured their love — and money — into a Singaporean goalkeeper’s food stall after his performance in a game this week indirectly helped China advance to the third qualifying round for the World Cup in 2026.

Hassan Sunny, a 40-year-old goalkeeper on the national team, became an overnight celebrity on Chinese social media after Singapore’s 3-1 loss to Thailand on Tuesday. China would have been eliminated if Thailand had won by three goals. Sunny made enough saves to prevent that from happening.

Chinese fans have been lining up and buying out all the food at the stand Sunny and his wife run in Singapore. Those in China have been sending money using the stall’s QR payment code, which has been widely shared online.

Soccer is one of the most popular spectator sports in China, though the men’s national team has struggled despite investments of millions into the sport. The team has only reached the World Cup once, more than 20 years ago in 2002.

Some fans said on social media that Sunny is the best 12th player on the Chinese team, while a few wondered if he would have tax issues with all the money pouring in. Others called it rather sad and embarrassing that this is how China advanced to the next round, with one saying it shows the Chinese team would rather rely on others than its own players.

Dapur Hassan, the food stand, quickly jumped to No. 1 in the Singaporean snack and food section on Dianping, a Chinese restaurant review app. It specializes in “nasi lemak,” a popular rice dish cooked in coconut milk and pandan leaves.

Fans have posted screenshots of their transactions, sending from 1 to 10 Singapore dollars (about 75 cents to $8) — or more — alongside comments of “Sincere appreciation from a soccer fan” or “Love from China.”

Sunny didn’t respond to an interview request via email and his Instagram accounts, but he made an announcement in Chinese on the platform on Thursday night urging people to stop sending money and warning that some QR codes masquerading as his shop's had been posted.

“Thank you for the support in the last a few days which allows me to fully feel the enthusiasm of Chinese fans,” he wrote. “I call for rational support, stop transferring money to me through the internet.”

COPY ARTICLE LINK

MOST POPULAR
‘A long time coming’: Local tribe unveils 146-home reservation outside Windsor
Napa restaurant fined $45,000 for child labor law violations
Family-owned pizza restaurant in Petaluma to serve its last slice on Sunday
Santa Rosa brother and sister killed in car crash in Mexico while visiting relatives
UPDATED: Please read and follow our commenting policy:
This is a family newspaper, please use a kind and respectful tone.
No profanity, hate speech or personal attacks. No off-topic remarks.
No disinformation about current events.
We will remove any comments — or commenters — that do not follow this commenting policy.
Send a letter to the editor
RECENT STORIES
Putin apologizes for 'tragic incident' but stops short of saying Azerbaijani plane was shot down
In-N-Out owner says Oakland restaurant was closed for safety of customers and staff
15 hurt in Florida when passenger train strikes fire truck
Trump appears to side with Musk, tech allies in debate over foreign workers roiling his supporters
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
South Carolina: Say Bye to Your Car Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Otto Quotes
24 Hour Dental Implants in North Charleston
Nuvia Dental Implant Center
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Learn the Truth About Hair Loss and How to Control It Naturally!
The Daily Survivor
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
These Cars Have No Problem Surpassing 250,000 Miles - is Yours on the List?
housinglover
Our Network
 
 
 
 
News Obits Sports Business Opinion Napa Real Estate Food & Wine Dining A&E Events Guide Fun
Contact + Help
Contact Us
Work With Us
Advertising
Corrections
Submit Letters to the Editor
Classified Ads
Special Sections/Magazines
Special Sections: 6/2023 – present
Retail Locations
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell My Personal Info
Services
Archive Search: 1995 – present
Archive Search: 1923 – 1997
Archive Search: 1875 – 1928
eEdition Archive
Events Calendar
Public/Legal Notices
Subscribers
Manage Home Delivery
Subscribe
eEdition
News in Education
Newsletters
How to guide
About Us
About Us
The Press Democrat Journalism Trust
FAQ
Privacy Policy
Diversity Statement
×
This website uses cookies
This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. Read more
 SHOW DETAILS
ACCEPT ALL
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressdemocrat.com/article/news/chinese-soccer-fans-are-pouring-money-into-a-food-stall-run-by-singapores/ 
 ----- 
