English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: Zimbabwe vs South Africa: MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: Zimbabwe vs South Africa: MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-captain and More
The match will be played at the Bellerive Oval in Hobart.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 22 Oct 2022 02:58 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details:

Date: 24 October 2022

Time: 01:30 PM IST

Venue: Bellerive Oval, Hobart

Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App




Preview:

The two African cricketing superpowers Zimbabwe and South Africa will go head-to-head against each other at the Bellerive Oval in Hobart. Both teams have been playing some great cricket entering this tournament. The Proteas defeated New Zealand in their warm-up game while Zimbabwe took down Scotland in the last first-round fixture. 




Weather Report:

  





Pitch Report:

  





Analysis:

South Africa comes into this tournament as one of the contenders as they have a dominant side with quality players across their team. The Proteas had a great performance against India before the World Cup and will hope to bring that momentum to Australia. David Miller has emerged as one of the best finishers in the world and rounds off an incredible batting lineup. Similarly, a dominant pace battery along with some quality spinners, South Africa also has a multi-faceted bowling attack.  




Zimbabwe has been a surprise team in the World Cup and played incredibly well to ensure qualification for the Super 12 stage. The team revolves around star all-rounder Sikander Raza who has been one of the best players in the tournament so far. They have some exciting bowlers who could help Zimbabwe pull off some upsets in the World Cup. 




Key Players: 

  





People’s picks: 

  





Probable XIs




South Africa

Quinton de Kock (wk), Temba Bavuma (c), Rilee Rossouw, Aiden Markram, Tristan Stubbs, David Miller, Wayne Parnell, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Lungi Ngidi




Zimbabwe

Craig Ervine (c), Regis Chakabva (wk), Sean Williams, Wessley Madhevere, Sikandar Raza, Ryan Burl, Tendai Chatara, Luke Jongwe, Milton Shumba, Richard Ngarva, Blessing Muzarabani




Best 14

Batters: Rilee Rossouw, David Miller, Craig Ervine, Sean Williams

Bowlers: Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Richard Ngarva, Blessing Muzarabani

Wicketkeepers: Quinton de Kock, Regis Chakabva 

All-rounders: Sikandar Raza, Ryan Burl, Aiden Markram, Wayne Parnell




Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

Cricket Fantasy TipsSouth AfricaZimbabwe
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

01 January 2025

Karnataka High Court issues stay order on arrest warrant against Robin Uthappa in PF fraud case

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-zimbabwe-vs-south-africa-myteam11-fantasy-tips-probable-xis-captain-vice-captain-and-more 
 ----- 
