Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Milwaukee Brewers' Willy Adames Blasts 3-Run Home Run to Tie MLB Single-Season Record
Willy Adames gave the Milwaukee Brewers an early lead over the St. Louis Cardinals on Monday, tying Ken Griffey Jr. in the MLB record books with his 13th three-run shot of the season.
Sam Connon | Sep 2, 2024
Milwaukee Brewers shortstop Willy Adames (27) celebrates a run in the 6th inning over the Cincinnati Reds at Great American Ball Park, Saturday, August 31, 2024. / Cara Owsley / USA TODAY NETWORK
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers

Willy Adames celebrated his 29th birthday in explosive, record-breaking fashion.

The Milwaukee Brewers shortstop got his team on the board first Monday afternoon, crushing a 371-foot, three-run home run to left in the bottom of the first inning. It marked his fifth consecutive game with a home run, three of the last four of which have been three-run shots.

Adames is now up to 29 home runs on the season, which puts him two off his career high with four weeks to go. And while he hasn't hit a grand slam yet in 2024, Adames has belted a whopping 13 three-run home runs this year.

According to the Brewers' senior director of media relations, Mike Vassallo, that ties Adames for the most three-run homers in a single season. The record previously belonged to Hall of Fame outfielder Ken Griffey Jr., who hit 13 three-run home runs with the Seattle Mariners in 1996.

Now, Adames and Griffey sit side-by-side in the MLB record books, and the former has 24 games left to snag full possession of the No. 1 spot.

Adames has more three-run home runs than five entire teams this year.

Willy Adames now has 13 3-run homers this season, tying the @MLB record of Ken Griffey Jr. (1996).#ThisIsMyCrew I @willya02

— Mike Vassallo (@MikeVassallo13) September 2, 2024

Adames is currently batting .255 with 29 home runs, 99 RBI, 15 stolen bases and a .812 OPS on the season. He entered Monday with a 4.3 fWAR, which ranked third among National League shortstops.

With his contract set to expire this fall, Adames is expected to be one of the most sought-after infielders on the open market. Adames' asking price is sure to go up following his record-breaking season at the plate, and it remains to be seen if Milwaukee will pay to keep his powerful bat in town.

The Brewers went on to defeat the St. Louis Cardinals 9-3 on Monday.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 2, 2024|Modified Sep 2, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/milwaukee-brewers-shortstop-willy-adames-blasts-13th-3-run-home-run-vs-st-louis-cardinals-to-tie-mlb-single-season-record-ken-griffey-jr-01j6t0k9t56g 
 ----- 
