Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
South Korea plane crash
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
University of Miami
SPORTS
Modric’s Croatia beats Portugal 2-1 in Euro warmup while Ronaldo rests. Spain routs N. Ireland
1 of 13 |  

Croatia’s Luka Modric celebrates after scoring his side’s first goal on a penalty kick during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Croatia at the National Stadium in Oeiras, outside Lisbon, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Pedro Rocha)

2 of 13 |  

Spain’s Pedri, center, is congratulated after scoring his side’s 3rd goal during the international friendly soccer match between Spain and Northern Ireland at the Son Moix stadium in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Francisco Ubilla)

3 of 13 |  

Croatia’s Nikola Vlasic is tackled by Portugal’s Joao Palhinha during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Croatia at the National Stadium in Oeiras, outside Lisbon, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Pedro Rocha)

4 of 13 |  

Portugal’s Cristiano Ronaldo gestures on the bench during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Croatia at the National Stadium in Oeiras, outside Lisbon, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Pedro Rocha)

5 of 13 |  

Portugal’s Cristiano Ronaldo warms up02 prior to the start of an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Croatia at the National Stadium in Oeiras, outside Lisbon, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Pedro Rocha)

6 of 13 |  

Spain’s Pedri celebrates scoring his side’s 3rd goal during the international friendly soccer match between Spain and Northern Ireland at the Son Moix stadium in Palma de Mallorca, Spain, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Francisco Ubilla)

7 of 13 |  

Portugal supporters cheer during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Croatia at the National Stadium in Oeiras, outside Lisbon, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Pedro Rocha)

8 of 13 |  

Croatia supporters cheer during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Croatia at the National Stadium in Oeiras, outside Lisbon, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Pedro Rocha)

9 of 13 |  

Portugal coach Roberto Martinez gestures during an international friendly soccer match between Portugal and Croatia at the National Stadium in Oeiras, outside Lisbon, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Pedro Rocha)

10 of 13 |  

Belgium’s Leonardo Trossard, left, celebrates with Belgium’s Romelu Lukaku after scoring his side’s third goal during the international friendly soccer match between Belgium and Luxembourg at the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels, Belgium, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (AP Photo/Geert Vanden Wijngaert)

Read More
11 of 13 |  

Switzerland’s Silvan Widmer reacts after an international friendly soccer match between Switzerland and Austria at the Kybunpark stadium in St. Gallen, Switzerland, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (Gian Ehrenzeller/Keystone via AP)

12 of 13 |  

Hungary’s Varga Barnabas celebrates after scoring during the international friendly soccer match between Hungary and Israel in Debrecen, Hungary, Saturday, June 8, 2024. (Istvan Derencsenyi/MTI via AP)

13 of 13 |  

Serbia’s Sergej Milinkovic-Savic, second left, celebrates after scoring their side’s first goal of the game during an international friendly soccer match between Sweden and Serbia at Friends Arena in Stockholm, Sweden, Saturday June 8, 2024. (Stefan Jerrevang/TT News Agency via AP)

Read More
BY  JOSEPH WILSON
Updated 9:27 PM UTC, June 8, 2024
Share

BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Luka Modric scored a penalty to help Croatia beat Portugal 2-1 while Spain thumped Northern Ireland in the run-up to the European Championship on Saturday.

The friendly matches were the last for Spain and Croatia before they open the tournament against one another on June 15 in Berlin. They are in a tough Group B along with Italy and Albania.

Spain fine-tuned its attack with a 5-1 rout of Northern Ireland. Pedri González led the way with his first two goals for his nation.

Portugal has one more friendly — against Ireland on Tuesday — before it starts the competition against the Czech Republic on June 18 in Leipzig. Portugal is the favorite in Group F that also includes Turkey and Georgia.

Cristiano Ronaldo never left Portugal’s bench, with coach Roberto Martínez tapping Gonçalo Ramos to spear his attack.

Ronaldo joined Portugal on Friday after finishing his club campaign with Al-Nassr in Saudi Arabia. The 39-year-old is set to make a record sixth appearance at the European Championship. Men’s soccer all-time leading scorer with 128 goals, Ronaldo helped Portugal win the European title in 2016.

Modric beat goalkeeper Diogo Costa to open the scoring in the eighth minute at Portugal’s National Stadium near Lisbon. The 38-year-old Real Madrid midfielder was sent to the penalty spot after Vitinha fouled Mateo Kovacic in the area.

RELATED STORIES
Mbappé's misfire at Anfield compounds his rocky start at Real Madrid
Preserving Macao's fusion cuisine with recipes passed down generations
Draw list for the UEFA Nations League quarterfinals and promotion-relegation playoffs

Halftime substitutes Diogo Jota and Nelson Semedo linked up to equalize for the hosts in the 48th, with Semedo assisting the Liverpool forward to tap in.

Ante Budimir restored Croatia’s advantage in the 56th after the Osasuna striker headed in a rebound of a strike by Mario Pašalić that Costa had done well to push onto the crossbar.

Costa twice denied Nikola Vlašić to save Portugal from a heavier defeat.

Modric was substituted in the 54th. His contract with Madrid is set to expire at the end of the month following a season when he lost his starting role in Carlo Ancelotti’s side. But the former Ballon d’Or winner seemed to indicate he wants to continue playing for the Spanish club when he told its fans in the celebrations of Champions League title No. 15 that he would see them “next season.”

Euro 2024 kicks off on Friday when host Germany plays Scotland.

SPAIN WINS

Northern Ireland’s Daniel Ballard stunned Spain with a second-minute header. But Luis de la Fuente’s team powered past their overmatched opponent in Mallorca.

Pedri scored twice in the first half for his first goals in his 20th appearance for Spain. The Barcelona midfielder, now 21, helped Spain reach the semifinals of Euro 2021 but had not played since the 2022 World Cup due to injury. He made his return in Spain’s 5-0 win over Andorra on Wednesday.

Álvaro Morata, Fabián Ruiz, and Mikel Oyarzabal, who put in three against Andorra, also chipped in with goals.

OTHER FRIENDLIES

Romelu Lukaku scored twice and Arsenal’s Leandro Trossard added a third goal as Belgium brushed aside Luxembourg 3-0.

Belgium is expected to advance from a Group E that includes Ukraine, Slovakia and Romania.

Serbia rolled to a 3-0 win in Sweden thanks to goals by Sergej Milinković-Savić, Aleksandar Mitrović and Dušan Tadić.

England and Serbia open play on June 16 in Group C that also includes Denmark and Slovenia.

Denmark bettered Norway 3-1, with Erling Haaland getting the loser’s only goal. Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg, Jannik Vestergaard, and Yussuf Poulsen found the net for the Danes.

Slovenia needed goalie Jan Oblak to make a stoppage-time save to ensure a 1-1 draw with Bulgaria.

Switzerland and Austria drew 1-1 after Silvan Widmer leveled for the Swiss following an early goal by Christoph Baumgartner.

Austria and France will face off in their opener on June 17. They are in Group D with the Netherlands and Poland.

Switzerland has been drawn in Group A with Germany, Scotland and Hungary, which got a brace from Barnabás Varga to defeat Israel 3-0.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Stop Searching. Find a Great Cash Back Credit Card.
Intuit Credit Karma
:
Advertisement
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake house after likely carbon monoxide leak
7 Ways to Retire Comfortably With $1M
How long will your portfolio last in retirement? For those with a $1 million portfolio, get this guide to learn more.
Fisher Investments
|
Advertisement
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
How to deal with a mice infestation in a...
Peddle
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Pl...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice...
Free IQ Test
Advertisement:
Click Here
Here’s How Much A 1-Day Walk In Shower Costs In Washington
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Costco Shoppers Say This Eye Serum Is Actually Worth It
Vibriance
Advertisement:
Save Now
Loving This Latest Vintage John Dutton Jacket From Yellow...
Comfortable Clothing for Men
Advertisement:
Shop Now
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
Missing dog returned to family home and rang the doorbell
Athena, a 4-year-old German Shepherd and Husky mix, escaped her home in...
AP News
Oklahoma AG dismisses assault charge against officer who sla...
Oklahoma's Republican attorney general is dismissing a felony assault charge agains...
AP News
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discounted Home Goods Store Items Are Selling Fast
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Put your Series 7 to work—at an investor...
Fidelity Investments
Advertisement:
Apply Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Don't Borrow From The Bank If You Own a Home, Do This Instead (It's Genius)
Lendgo:Advertisement
Click Here
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners: Click to See Prices
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors:Advertisement
Learn More
Type In Any Name, Wait 127 Seconds, See Instant Results
Consumer Daily:Advertisement
Search Now
Homeowners In District Of Columbia Are Amazed At This Insurance
thesavingexpert:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/portugal-croatia-spain-belgium-soccer-0bd77e5fd4e411ab92c06cbc3f59e109 
 ----- 
