Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Australia Open 2025
Jack Smith resigns
Ravens beat Steelers
SPORTS
Freddie Freeman homers and gets 4 hits on his birthday, leading Dodgers past Padres 11-2
1 of 6 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Freddie Freeman celebrates in the dugout after scoring on a single hit by designated hitter J.D Martinez during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Monday, Sept. 11, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ryan Sun)

2 of 6 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Freddie Freeman runs to score off a single hit by designated hitter J.D Martinez during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Monday, Sept. 11, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Ryan Sun)

3 of 6 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Freddie Freeman gestures before rounding third after hitting a two-run home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

4 of 6 |  

San Diego Padres’ Fernando Tatis Jr., right, heads to first for a solo home run as Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Lance Lynn watches during the fifth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

5 of 6 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Lance Lynn throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

6 of 6 |  

Los Angeles Dodgers’ Will Smith, right, heads to first for hits a three-run home run as San Diego Padres starting pitcher Michael Wacha watches during the fourth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 12, 2023, in Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

BY  GREG BEACHAM
Updated 5:50 AM UTC, September 13, 2023
Share

LOS ANGELES (AP) — Freddie Freeman’s locker was flanked by 8-foot-high pillars of blue balloons. A hefty box of cookies and a birthday cake sat nearby, gifts from the Dodgers’ kitchen staff for the slugger with a sweet tooth.

“I’m a big snickerdoodle guy,” the seven-time All-Star said with a grin.

From the clubhouse gifts to the crowd’s songs and dances, Freeman got plenty of love at Dodger Stadium on his 34th birthday. He reciprocated with a prolific performance in another win.

Freeman homered, doubled and had four hits, Will Smith hit a three-run homer and Los Angeles trimmed its magic number for clinching the NL West to five with an 11-2 victory over the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night.

Freeman was outstanding on his jersey giveaway night at Dodger Stadium, scoring a season-high four runs in front of thousands wearing his white No. 5 shirt — including 30 friends and family members. The crowd sang “Happy Birthday to You” in the second inning, and fans got up in the late innings to do The Freddie — the players’ celebratory dance that has caught on with LA fans and even inspired a song.

“We’ve been having fun as a group this year, and I think the fans noticed, and they’ve been taking to it,” Freeman said. “It was just fun. It was a good birthday.”

RELATED STORIES
Dodgers set to re-sign outfielder Teoscar Hernández for $66 million over 3 years, AP source says
Freddie Freeman's walk-off grand slam ball sells for $1.56 million at auction
Betts voted postseason MVP by New York baseball writers, Judge wins fourth NY player of the year

Freeman singled and scored in the first, hit a two-run homer in the third, singled and scored again in the fourth and got his franchise-record 55th double in the eighth, completing his sixth four-hit game of the season.

Freeman now has four homers, 12 RBIs and 12 runs scored in the 14 major league games he has played on his birthday.

“There’s nothing that guy can’t do, and what better way to celebrate his birthday?” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said.

Lance Lynn (11-11) pitched seven sturdy innings of five-hit ball when the Dodgers needed it most. Despite giving up his major league-leading 41st homer, the 36-year-old LA newcomer shook off back-to-back poor starts and threw 111 largely effective pitches when Los Angeles had an overly taxed bullpen.

Fernando Tatís Jr. homered for the Padres, who have lost four of six.

Michael Wacha (11-4) took his second consecutive loss after going 6-0 in his previous eight starts for San Diego, yielding seven runs on seven hits and three walks while getting through just four innings.

“The line that he put together tonight, we’re not used to seeing that,” manager Bob Melvin said of Wacha. “It happens. We’re getting late in the season, and he’s put together a lot of starts.”

Freeman drove a first-pitch sinker from Wacha to center in the third for his 26th homer.

San Diego scored on Trent Grisham’s bases-loaded bunt in the fourth, but Lynn escaped the jam.

Freeman got his second single in the fourth, and Smith brought him home with his 18th homer.

Tatís hit a two-out shot in the fifth for his 24th homer of the season.

Pinch-hitter Chris Taylor and James Outman drove in runs in the seventh for Los Angeles.

J.D. Martinez drove in Mookie Betts and Freeman in the eighth. Freeman has scored a career-high 121 runs this season, passing Betts with 120.

NEW ARM

Kyle Hurt made an impressive major league debut with two perfect innings of relief for the Dodgers, who promoted the hard-throwing San Diego County native and USC product before the game. Hurt retired Tatís, Juan Soto and Manny Machado in order on nine pitches in the eighth before striking out the side in the ninth, showing a 98 mph fastball.

Hurt didn’t get to Dodger Stadium until 25 minutes before first pitch, thanks to a late-night callup, a long flight and LA traffic. His girlfriend, parents and plenty of friends made it to Chavez Ravine to see his 24-pitch gem.

“Every single guy in the bullpen that talked to me during the game, they just said, ‘Be yourself, don’t change a thing,’” Hurt said. “And that’s what I did. ... I’ve been talking with my buddies for a long time about this, and my family. It’s just so cool to be a part of it.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Padres: Yu Darvish has been shut down for the season due to a stress reaction in his right elbow. The 37-year-old hasn’t pitched since Aug. 25 due to persistent elbow pain. He will rest for six weeks before determining whether surgery is needed.

Dodgers: Clayton Kershaw will start Saturday in Seattle after coming out of a 30-pitch bullpen session feeling good. The Dodgers pushed back his scheduled outing several days after a decline in his velocity in his past two starts. ... LA reliever Daniel Hudson also threw 30 pitches off the slope of the mound in the next step of his comeback from a sprained knee ligament.

UP NEXT

Blake Snell (13-9, 2.52 ERA) takes the mound for San Diego in the series finale against Ryan Pepiot (2-0, 0.86), who has been stellar in his only two previous starts this season for the Dodgers.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

GREG BEACHAM
Beacham is a sports writer in California.
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Southern hosts Bethune-Cook man following Freeman's 26-po int game
De Kia Niro Hybrid Private Lease. Ontdek je maandbedrag.
Kia
:
Advertisement
AP News Quiz - Jan. 10,...
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was 'plainly' wrong, special counsel tells appeals court
Johnny Gaudreau's number will be retired by the junior USHL's...
Johnny Gaudreau's jersey number will be retired by his junior hockey team at a...
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Heeft u moeite met lange stukken wand...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
U betaalt mogelijk te veel voor internet in 2024 - Vergelijk hier...
Cheap Internet
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Outdoormode van The North Face tot -50%* in de uitverkoop
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Tangled in an Intergala ctic Shakedown, New Year Fails, and Watc...
bwpodcast.com
Advertisement:
Watch Now
Lijst van de goedkoop ste energieleverancier s. Hier is de lijst.
Electricity Providers
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Alleen deze The North Face tot -50%* in de uitverkoop.
Outdoormode, regenjassen, windjacks, hoodies en nog veel meer. Schrijf je...
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu een proefrit.
De Kia EV6 laad 100 kilometer in minder dan 5 minuten. Dankzij geavanceerde...
Kia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Afslankcapsules voor vetverbranding: Top of Flop?
gezondheidsvergelijking.com
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
Growth and Innovatio n in Mexican Manufa...
Air Cooled Chillers
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump:...
Jean Chrétien, who was Canada’s prime minister from 1993 to 2003, joined a...
AP News
Farming tech is on display at CES as companies showcase their...
Sustainability is a key theme this year at the annual CES tech trade show in Las...
AP News
Hyundai i10 rijden voor €199 per maand. Hoe zit dat?
Hyundai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
De dokter onthult: "De belangrijkste reden voor een dikke buik...
dagboekvaneencardioloog.nl
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
Hyundai TUCSON rijde n voor €429 per maan d. Hoe kan dat?
Hyundai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
7 vermogenstips zodra uw portefeuille € 350.000 bereikt
Fisher Investments Nederlands
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
2025's Beste Afslankproducten: Wat Werkt Echt?
gezondheidsvergelijking.com:Advertisement
Meer lezen
Find Fertility Clinics Near Netherlands (See Options)
Fertility Help | Search ads:Advertisement
Historic Hospital Goes Digital
Huawei:Advertisement
Read More
Deze eenvoudige tip kun je darmen elke ochtend (bijna onmiddellijk) legen
Floravia:Advertisement
Meer informatie
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/dodgers-padres-mookie-betts-freddie-freeman-79f1f1d0e82c623a6883191141f77278 
 ----- 
