SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Harry Souttar scores as Socceroos survive Palestine challenge in Kuwait

Topic:
Soccer

Tue 21 Nov 2023
Tuesday 21 November 2023

Harry Souttar, right, continued his excellent goalscoring form with a second goal in as many games. (AP Photo: Jaber Abdulkhaleg)

abc.net.au/news/live-palestine-vs-socceroos-scorecentre-scores-stats-results/103131708
Link copied
Share article

Towering defender Harry Souttar maintained his goalscoring form to steer the Socceroos to a hard-fought but unconvincing 1-0 World Cup qualifying win over Palestine.

The Socceroos sit top of Group I on six points after Souttar nodded home in the 18th minute at the Jaber Al-Ahmed International Stadium.

But only a magnificent save from Mat Ryan just before halftime stopped an excellent Palestine from equalising.

With Bangladesh and Lebanon drawing 1-1 in their earlier match Australia will resume qualifying in March four points clear with four matches to play — the top two teams in the group go through to the next stage.

The Socceroos struggled to deal with Palestine's intense press and failed to create many meaningful chances.

The win was also soured by a groin injury to right-back Ryan Strain in the 21st minute, with Lewis Miller replacing the St Mirren defender.

Coach Graham Arnold opted for a more experienced line-up than the team that beat Bangladesh 7-0 in Melbourne on Thursday night.

Aziz Behich, Kye Rowles, Martin Boyle and Ryan Strain replaced Jordan Bos, Cameron Burgess, Brandon Borrello and Miller.

Team stats

The game was relocated from the West Bank to Kuwait due to the escalation in violence in the region, but the crowd was clearly pro-Palestine.

The Palestine players wore keffiyehs around their necks for their national anthem and both teams lined up around the centre circle before kick-off for a minute's silence.

In response to Hamas' October 7 terror attack that killed about 1,200 people, Israel has bombarded Gaza with retaliatory strikes.

Palestinian officials say more than 13,000 people in Gaza have been killed.

The Socceroos struggled to deal with Palestine's pressure. (AP Photo: Jaber Abdulkhaleg)

The Socceroos have already committed a portion of their match payments to Oxfam's humanitarian efforts in Gaza with the sum matched by Football Australia.

Like against Bangladesh, Craig Goodwin delivered the ball for Souttar to open the scoring.

Goodwin curled a wicked left-footed corner onto the forehead of Souttar, who drove a powerful header home for his 10th international goal.

Palestine weren't deterred, continuing to press and almost equalling in the 45th minute.

Heatmap

Musab Al Battat's cross picked out Ataa Jaber, whose squaring touch landed in the path of Tamer Seyam.

But Ryan made himself big to block a shot seemingly destined to nestle in the back of the net.

Arnold turned to substitutes Bos and Borrello in the 62nd minute.

Barely two minutes later, Borrello forced a good save from Palestine goalkeeper Rami Hamadeh, while Bos should have scored when he headed Connor Metcalfe's subsequent corner onto the bar.

From there, Palestine had the Socceroos on the back foot, but were unable to conjure an equaliser.

AAP

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Tue 21 Nov 2023 at 3:27pm
Tuesday 21 Nov 2023 at 3:27pm
, updated Tue 21 Nov 2023 at 8:26pm
Tuesday 21 Nov 2023 at 8:26pm
Related stories

Topic:
Soccer

'This kid is a prodigy': Socceroos wary of Palestinian striking star ahead of qualifier in Kuwait
Photo shows Harry Souttar celebrates

Topic:
Socceroos

Socceroos to donate part of match fee from Palestine game to Gaza humanitarian aid
Photo shows The Socceroos starting XI poses for a photo before a match
Related topics

Australia Soccer

Kuwait

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
FBI now believes New Orleans terrorist acted alone after initial plan to harm family

Topic:
Terrorist Attacks

Photo shows The governor of Louisiana walks with members of various law enforcement agencies down a New Orleans street.
Authorities identify Vegas Cybertruck attacker, say unrelated to New Orleans

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Where is the economy headed this year? China and Trump could be key

Topic:
Economy

Australia's China studies sector once led the world, but is now 'in crisis'

Topic:
Academic Research

12-year-old among dozens arrested in Melbourne robbery crackdown

Topic:
Crime

Just In
Do you like anchovies? Well, so did the Roman Empire

Topic:
Food and Cooking

6m ago
6 minutes ago
A saxy new celebration for Novak, same sorry tune for Gaël Monfils

Analysis by Simon Smale

21m ago
21 minutes ago
From our Head to their Pant, here are your top Australia vs India moments

Topic:
Cricket

23m ago
23 minutes ago
Queensland's new health boss says meeting staff demand for care is biggest challenge

Topic:
Public Health

28m ago
28 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-11-22/live-palestine-vs-socceroos-scorecentre-scores-stats-results/103131708 
 ----- 
