Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
AFC Asian Cup 2023
Jordan vs Bahrain Prediction and Betting Tips | January 25th 2024
Jordan vs Bahrain Prediction and Betting Tips | January 25th 2024
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Jan 23, 2024 18:38 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Jordan will face Bahrain - AFC Asian Cup

Jordan will face Bahrain at the Khalifa International Stadium on Thursday in the final round of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup group stage.

The Chivalrous Ones kicked off their continental campaign with a comprehensive 4-0 victory over Malaysia, with Mahmoud Al-Mardi and Mousa Al-Taamari scoring braces for their team. They then played out a 2-2 draw against South Korea in their second group game and had looked set to be headed toward a hard-fought win before their opponents drew level in additional time via a Yazan Alarab own goal.

Jordan sit atop their group with four points from an obtainable six and only need a point on Thursday to confirm a last-16 spot.

Trending

Bahrain, meanwhile, were beaten 3-1 by South Korea in their group opener last week and were perhaps fortunate not to have lost by an even larger margin. They picked up their first win of the tournament in their second group game, beating Malaysia 1-0 at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium last Saturday, with Ali Madan finishing spectacularly at the death to hand Muharabi Dilmun all three points.

The Pearl Divers sit third in their group with three points and will automatically advance to the knockout stages with a win on Thursday while a draw could also suffice.

Jordan vs Bahrain Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
There have been 30 meetings between the two teams. Jordan have won 14 of those games while Bahrain have won 10 times. There have been six draws between the two teams.
The two teams last faced off in a friendly clash back in September 2021 which the Chivalrous Ones won 2-1.
Muharabi Dilmun have lost their last two games in this fixture after losing just one of their previous seven.
Jordan are the highest-scoring side in Group E so far with a goal tally of six.
Jordan vs Bahrain Prediction

Jordan are on a run of back-to-back unbeaten outings and have lost just one of their last four matches. They sit just one place behind their midweek opponents in the FIFA rankings and will fancy their chances ahead of Thursday's clash.

Bahrain saw their latest result end a three-game losing streak and they will be looking to kick on from that this week. They have, however, had their struggles in this fixture of late and could lose this one.

Prediction: Jordan 1-0 Bahrain

Jordan vs Bahrain Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Jordan to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/under 2.5 - Under 2.5 goals (Five of the last seven matches between the two teams have produced fewer than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: NO (Both sides have found the back of the net in just two of their last eight matchups)

Quick Links

AFC Asian Cup 2023 Bahrain Football Jordan National Football Team Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/jordan-vs-bahrain-prediction-betting-tips-january-25th-2024 
 ----- 
