Monday, December 30, 2024 | Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar.
SIGN IN
 
SUBSCRIBE
×
Subscribe now for Gulf Times
Personalise your news and receive Newsletters!
By signing up with an email address, I acknowledge that I have read and agree to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
SPORTS
Jordan’s Ammouta wary of Bahrain
PUBLISHED ON JANUARY 24, 2024 | 11:23 PM
Hussein Ammouta
Hussein Ammouta has warned Jordan not to take Bahrain lightly when they meet in Group E of the AFC Asian Cup at the Khalifa International Stadium today. Jordan lead the standings ahead of South Korea on goal difference with Bahrain a point adrift, with top spot at stake in the decisive round of matches.
Having scored four unanswered goals against Malaysia before going on to hold two-time winners Korea Republic 2-2, the Moroccan tactician wants his players to be fully focused. “We hope that we can show our concentration and focus. It won’t be easy and we have to be at our highest level in all aspects to confirm what we have done previously,” said Ammouta. We want to confirm the performance that we have exhibited so far.
“However, we will not underestimate our opponents. There are four players who are on yellow cards and others have concerns physically, so maybe we will make some changes to the line-up if necessary.”
Jordan have scored more goals in the group stage so far compared to their previous best of five in the 2015 edition and Ammouta wants his team to finish top of the group. “There are no easy matches. We know Bahrain are a strong team and they always have good performances regionally and also in Asia. They have no option but to win. We have high respect for Bahrain so we will give our best efforts.
“There are always calculations on paths but we have no control over who we play. We can only prepare to win because we are professionals, then we will deal with what comes at the end of the match. We will feel better if we finish top of the group.”
Bahrain head coach Juan Antonio Pizzi is also confident of his team’s chances of another victory following their nail-biting win over Malaysia.
“We’re very optimistic about tomorrow’s match against Jordan, it’s an important match that could help us qualify for the next round. We’re focused on the recovery of the players after the Malaysia match and we’re confident of winning,” said Pizzi.
“It’s a decisive match. We have confidence in our team. Jordan have played two very good matches but I see them as a collective threat rather than an individual ones. We’re prepared to get the best result.”
RELATED STORY
AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023: Bahrain edge Jordan, both qualify for last 16
Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar.
SIGN IN
 
SUBSCRIBE
GULT TIMES SITE MAP
Qatar
International
Region
Business
Sport
Opinion
Community
Media
Classifieds
Authors
 
INFORMATION
About Us
Contact Us
Participate With Us
 
ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES
Newspaper
Ads Booking
Website
Sitemap
Site Content Usage
 
FOLLOW US

Want more politics, health care, and media updates?

HOME QATAR INTERNATIONAL REGION BUSINESS SPORT OPINION COMMUNITY MEDIA PDF CLASSIFIEDS
RSS Site Map
All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gulf-times.com/article/676139/sports/jordans-ammouta-wary-of-bahrain 
 ----- 
