The Tribune

Login or Sign up
Home
News
Sports
Business
Weekend
Editorial
Lifestyle
Weather
Archives
Help
Classifieds
Upvote
0
Junkanoo Boyz return home after Concacaf league battles

As of Thursday, September 12, 2024

Sign in to favorite this
Discuss
Comment, Blog about
Share this
Email, Facebook, Twitter

#
The Bahamas Men’s National Soccer Team, the Junkanoo Boyz, returned to the Bahamas yesterday after two competitive matches in the 2024 Concacaf Nations League.

#
September 4, 2024 – US Virgin Islands 3-3 Bahamas

#
The Bahamas opened their Nations League campaign with an exciting 3-3 draw against the US Virgin Islands. Lesly St Fleur opened the scoring with an early penalty in the 3rd minute. 

#
Wood Julmis added another in the 37th minute, and Brandon Adderley scored in the 58th minute to keep the Bahamas ahead. 

#
However, the US Virgin Islands responded with goals from N Henry (27’), R Joseph (77’), and G Catone (86’), securing the draw in a thrilling encounter. 

#
September 7, 2024 – Bahamas 2-3 Barbados

#
Playing what was technically a “home” match in Saint Croix due to stadium renovations, the Junkanoo Boyz put up a strong fight against Barbados. Brandon Adderley scored twice (42’, 66’), but Barbados capitalized with goals from Z Applewhite (10’), E Taylor (80’), and A Applewhaite (82’), resulting in a 3-2 loss for The Bahamas.

#
Next Match:

#
The Junkanoo Boyz will face the US Virgin Islands again on October 9, 2024, followed by a rematch against Barbados on October 15, 2024. Both matches will be critical as The Bahamas aims to advance in the competition.

Around The Web
Weird Morning "Turmeric Hack" Can Ignite Your Metabolism
Lipozem
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Comments

Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content.

Sign in to comment

Username

 I have an account.
 I'm new.

Password Forgot?

Sign in

OpenID



Tweets by @Tribune242
Around the Web
Odd Turmeric Hack Can Ignite Your Metabolism
Lipozem
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Special Features
Obits
NEW OBITUARIES NOW UNDER ARCHIVES/TRIBUNE PDF EDITION
LAVERN JOHNSON
John Whylly
LEEVAN SANDS
Floyd Cleare
PDF Edition

Contents of this site are © Copyright 2024 Ellington. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tribune242.com/news/2024/sep/12/junkanoo-boyz-return-home-after-concacaf-league-battles/ 
 ----- 
