Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners Close Game Struggles Continue Against Oakland Athletics
The Seattle Mariners lost 3-2 to the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday; It was Seattle's fourth-consecutive loss — all by one run.
Teren Kowatsch | Sep 4, 2024
Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Luis Castillo throws against the Oakland Athletics on Tuesday at Oakland Coliseum. / D. Ross Cameron-Imagn Images
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Oakland Athletics

Most people know the popular phrase "when it rains, it pours." And in a borderline unbelievable show of irony, it's the team from the Pacific Northwest that continues to be the living embodiment of that saying.

The Seattle Mariners lost to the Oakland Athletics 3-2 on Tuesday. Seth Brown delivered the the walk-off single to score JJ Bleday and lift Oakland to victory. It was the fourth consecutive one-run loss for the Mariners, who fell to 69-70 on the season. The defeat dropped Seattle to 6.5 games behind the Houston Astros for first-place in the American League West and kept it 5.5 games out of the final Wild Card spot.

It's the first time since April 20 that the Mariners have been below .500.

For the second day in a row, every team in action that was above Seattle in either divisional or playoff standings lost. And for the second day in a row, the Mariners failed to take advantage.

"Another really tough one tonight," Mariners manager Dan Wilson said in a postgame interview Tuesday. "Two walk-offs in a row is tough, not doubt about it. ... Offensively, we got off to a good start and they kind of settled in, the pitching staff, and they made it difficult for us later on. ... We've been able to strike early and get on the board and then it's just a matter of being able to add on. We talk about it a lot — continuing to add on throughout the ballgame is important, especially when you're playing on the road. And we just weren't able to do it tonight."

As has been the case for the Mariners during their losing streak — they started out in front first.

Seattle went up in front 2-0 after Cal Raleigh hit a two-RBI double in the top of the first. The hit gave Raleigh the record for the most single-season RBIs by a Mariners catcher in a single season (84) — passing his current manager Wilson's 1996 record (83). Raleigh has been responsible for four of the team's five RBIs during their two losses over the last two days against the Athletics.

Brown tied the game up for Oakland with a two-run, 410-foot homer to center field in the bottom of the fourth.

Seattle mustered just two hits after connecting for three in the first inning and failed to advance a base runner base second for the rest of the game. They left three runners stranded and went 1-for-5 with runners in scoring position.

The Mariners inability to bring runners around the bases gave the Athletics a second consecutive walk-off opportunity.

Bleday walked and Shea Langeliers walked to set Brown up for his eventual game-winning single.

Many Seattle fans and media have commented that a series win was crucial to keep the Mariners' postseason aspirations a reality. Now, the best Seattle can hope for is a split.

Mathematically, the postseason is still possible. But Seattle has blown two straight opportunities to gain on every team in its way in the playoff standings.

A miracle can happen — but it's hard to see October in the Mariners future.

Related Stories on Seattle Mariners

LANGELIERS WALKS OFF MARINERS: The Seattle Mariners lost their third-straight game and were walked off for the second time in those three losses in a 5-4 defeat against the Oakland Athletics on Monday. CLICK HERE

RODRIGEZ SETS TEAM HISTORY: Seattle Mariners outfielder Julio Rodriguez joined team legend Ichiro Suzuki as the only other player in franchise history to accomplish impressive feat in first three seasons. CLICK HERE

MARINERS DROP SERIES AGAINST ANGELS: The Seattle Mariners lost to the Los Angeles Angels 3-2 on Sunday and continued to fall in the American League West standings. CLICK HERE

Follow Seattle Mariners on SI on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady

Published Sep 4, 2024
TEREN KOWATSCH

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/seattle-mariners-lost-their-second-straight-game-against-the-oakland-athletics-via-walk-off-in-a-3-2-defeat-on-tuesday 
 ----- 
