Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
BGT 2024
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Womens Ashes 2025
More
Cricket News
ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2
ICC Cricket World Cup League Two Points Table: Updated standings after Namibia vs Netherlands
ICC Cricket World Cup League Two Points Table: Updated standings after Namibia vs Netherlands
By
Sportz Connect
Modified Feb 19, 2024 16:12 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
ICC Cricket World Cup League Two Points Table

The Netherlands defeated Namibia by seven wickets in the third match of the ICC Cricket World Cup League Two on Monday, February 19, at the Tribhuvan University International Cricket Ground in Kirtipur.

Nepal have moved to first place from second with a win and loss each so far. They have a Net Run Rate of +0.920. Namibia have slipped to second place after their recent defeat. They have won one out of two matches and have a Net Run Rate of -0.220. The Netherlands are still in third place with a win and a loss. They have a Net Run Rate of -0.666.

Aryan Dutt's six-wicket haul leads the Netherlands to victory against Namibia

The Netherlands elected to bowl after winning the toss against Namibia. Namibia didn’t have a great start to their innings and lost half of the batters even before reaching the 50-run mark. JJ Smit emerged as the highest scorer for the team and made 26 runs off 46 deliveries.

Trending

A total of five other batters made a double-digit score for Namibia but no one could make more than 20 runs among them. Namibia were bundled out for 123 runs in 35.1 overs.

Aryan Dutt was the pick of the bowlers for the Netherlands and took six wickets for 34 runs in nine overs. He became the first Dutch bowler to take more than five wickets in an ODI game. Kyle Klein took two wickets, while Roelof van der Merwe and Max O’Dowd picked one wicket each.

Michael Levitt and Max O’Dowd provided a solid start to the Netherlands and added 78 runs for the first wicket. Levitt scored his maiden half-century in ODIs and was dismissed after scoring 57 runs off 81 deliveries.

O’Dowd made 28 runs off 42 deliveries, while Bas de Leede remained unbeaten on 21 runs off 20 deliveries. The Netherlands reached the target of 124 runs in 27.2 overs with seven wickets in hand. Gerhard Erasmus was the pick of the bowlers for the team and took three wickets for 23 runs in seven overs. Dutt won the Player of the Match award for his bowling performance.

Looking for fast live cricket scores? Download CricRocket and get fast score updates, top-notch commentary in-depth match stats & much more! 🚀☄️

Quick Links

ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2 Netherlands Cricket Namibia Cricket Aryan Dutt Mohammad Aasif Sheikh
Edited by Sudeshna Banerjee
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/news-icc-cricket-world-cup-league-two-points-table-updated-standings-namibia-vs-netherlands 
 ----- 
