Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
10 months ago
SportCricket
Namibia vs Netherlands LIVE: Cricket score and updates from ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2
Follow all the action from Mulpani International Cricket Ground
Luke Baker
Sunday 18 February 2024 03:45 GMT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
A general view of a cricket ball (Getty Images)

Follow live coverage of Namibia vs Netherlands from the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2 today.

The ICC Test Championship sees nine teams compete across a two-year cycle of matches before a two-team final decides the winner. The inaugural competition was won by New Zealand after a thrilling victory over India in June 2021.

The 50-over World Cup is far older and has been competed for since back in 1975. Australia are the record winners having run out victorious on five occasions (1987, 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2015). England took the 2019 crown after a dramatic Ben Stokes-inspired super-over win over New Zealand at Lord's.

The shortest form of the game sees teams compete in Twenty20. The newest format has been an instant global hit with a number of hugely-lucrative competitions massively popular all over the world. Australia are reigning world champions having taken victory in the 2021 tournament.

Follow all the latest live coverage of today's match in the live blog below:

10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

27.2

Nicol Loftie-Eaton to Scott Edwards. Leg spinner length ball, middle stump on the front foot pushing, inside edge to mid wicket for 1 run, fielded by Davin.

19 February 2024 08:21
Promoted stories
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depressi on?
GOODRX
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

27.1

Nicol Loftie-Eaton to Scott Edwards. Leg spinner length ball, outside off stump on the front foot pushing, to cover for no runs, fielded by van Lingen.

19 February 2024 08:21
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

26.6

Tangeni Lungameni to Bas de Leede. Back of a length, down leg side on the front foot pushing, to mid off for no runs, fielded by Trumpelmann.

19 February 2024 08:20
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

26.5

SIX! Tangeni Lungameni to Bas de Leede. Short, down leg side on the back foot pulling, well timed in the air under control over deep mid wicket for 6 runs.

19 February 2024 08:19
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

26.3

Tangeni Lungameni to Bas de Leede. Length ball, down leg side down the track working, to short mid wicket for no runs, fielded by Kotze.

19 February 2024 08:18
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

26.1

SIX! Tangeni Lungameni to Bas de Leede. Length ball, middle stump down the track driving, well timed in the air under control over long on for 6 runs.

19 February 2024 08:17
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

25.6

Gerhard Erasmus to Bas de Leede. Off break length ball, outside off stump on the front foot driving, to long on for 1 run, fielded by Frylinck.

19 February 2024 08:16
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

25.5

Gerhard Erasmus to Bas de Leede. Off break length ball, outside off stump on the back foot working, to short mid wicket for no runs, fielded by Kotze.

19 February 2024 08:16
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

25.4

Gerhard Erasmus to Bas de Leede. Off break length ball, outside off stump on the back foot working, to short leg for no runs, fielded by Green.

19 February 2024 08:16
Promoted stories
Easily Track Your Credit Score and Finances
INTUIT CREDIT KARMA
Sign Up
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
10 months ago
Namibia vs Netherlands

25.3

Gerhard Erasmus to Bas de Leede. Off break length ball, outside off stump on the back foot cutting, missed for no runs, fielded by Green.

19 February 2024 08:15
Newer
1
 / 33
Older
More aboutODINetherlands Cricket
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
Thuma Bed Frame Honest Review
Why Investing In Thuma’s Essential Bed Is Worth It
THUMA|Sponsored
Learn More
Here's How Much A Steel Building Costs Shipped To Your Door
GREAT WESTERN BUILDINGS|Sponsored
Learn More
Top Single Person EVs For Seniors (See Prices)
SEARCHLISTNOW | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Discover Hot Clips [Watch Now]
Explore trending videos and browse a variety of videos for your interests. Comedy, shorts, entertainment, news, sports, music, and plenty more!
VIDEOSARENA|Sponsored
Watch Now
Search for high-income etf now 
There has never been a Better (or Cheaper) time to Search for high-income etf
ETF | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Search Now
Smart Gadgets for Modern Living [Get Started]
Transform your home with cutting-edge AI technolo gy. Discover the latest gadgets and innovations....
TODAYAINEWS|Sponsored
Read More
Forbes Advisor: You Need this Travel Rewards Credit Card
Generous Welcome Bonus. Great Travel Rewards. Unmatched Travel Protections. What are you...
FORBES|Sponsored
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Money Fast
Your goal for getting money fast should focus on strategies that help you bridge your financial shortfall without consuming a lot of time or entailing a lot of risk. These 17 top strategies do just that.
BANKRATE|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Pregnant California teacher plunges 164 feet to her death after horror f...
NEWS
Trump reportedly complaining about Elon in private — and hates...
Discover Mood-Enhancing Mixers [Shop Now]
Get exclusive discounts and promotions on our mood-boosting beverage mixers. Don't miss out.
GOODDAY MOOD|Sponsored
Shop Now
Ozempic may work for some – but coming off it can undo everything
Like James Corden, many are giving up taking Ozempic, but what happens when you stop? Zoe Beaty takes a closer look at Ozempic, the next chapter...
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Beyond Text Generation: An AI Tool That Helps You Write Better
Improve grammar, word choice, and sentence structure everywhere you work. Write better with Grammarly.
GRAMMARLY|Sponsored
World Series Of Poker For Desktop: Try It Now! (Incredible Welcome Bonus)
Get On It Now And Experience It With 1,000,000 Free Poker Chips
WORLD SERIES OF POKER|Sponsored
Play Now
NEWS
Two people found dead on JetBlue plane in Florida
CULTURE
Coronation Street axes yet another star after ‘cash crisis’
Explore Essential City Guides for Every Traveler
TRAVEL NOIRE|Sponsored
Explore
US
Only these people will be able to stop Trump from two years of chaos and harm
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/cricket/namibia-netherlands-live-stream-score-updates-b2498086.html 
 ----- 
