FILM & TV > TELEVISION


Saba Hamid’s drama ‘Noor Jahan’ faces Backlash

Set to premiere on May 25, 2024, ‘Noor Jahan’, starring Saba Hamid, is under scrutiny for its problematic storyline.

 May 22, 2024
Watch Video
By AYESHA BUTT



“Look at me. I am a mother of sons."

The upcoming drama serial Noor Jahan, starring Saba Hamid, has sparked backlash due to its regressive and distressing storyline.

The drama, written by Zanjabeel Asim Shah and directed by Musaddiq Malek, features a powerful cast.

It includes Noor Hassan, Kubra Khan, Hajra Yamin, Zoya Nasir and Ali Rehman Khan.

The story revolves around an authoritative elderly woman who manipulates her sons’ lives, perpetuating harmful gender stereotypes.

A recent trailer featuring Saba Hamid’s monologue has drawn criticism.

It narrates the story of a king who loses respect and stature after the birth of a daughter.

In the drama, her son had a daughter. To him, Saba’s character was narrating the King’s story.

And after that, she said to him: “Look at me. I am a mother of sons. I walk with my head held up high. No one can say no to me.”

The monologue perpetuates the harmful idea that a man must have sons to gain respect.

Social media users have expressed outrage and disappointment, criticising the drama for promoting discriminatory content.

Related Reads
'Noor Jahan' Trailer receives Public Backlash
The Legendary Noor Jahan
Kubra Khan & Ali Raza's pairing in 'Noor Jahan' criticised

Many have expressed frustration with Saba Hamid for accepting such harmful roles.

One fan commented: “Saba Hamid always does characters like this.”

Another wrote: “Saba Hamid comes after so long and always brings such degrading characters.

“Why do you like the characters in which women are looked down upon Saba? Please don’t do this in the name of acting and craft.”

One social media user wrote: “They will never show an empowered woman in a positive light.”

Viewers have also criticised the drama makers for perpetuating harmful gender stereotypes, stating that they are unwilling to educate society through progressive content.

One user commented: “These actors and drama makers live in the same era where people used to look down upon daughters, and the narration of such stories in these dramas shows they don’t want to change.”

Another user wrote: “Why do they always portray women as weak and submissive? And men demanding unrealistic things as if it is their right?”

One stated:

“Again with the same storyline. The man gets a daughter so he remarries.”

“The world is moving forward while Pakistan is going backwards at twice the speed.”

Another suggested: “ARY please start choosing scripts that are more interesting. We are sick of this typical saas bahu storyline.”

One remarked: “Noor Jahan monologue is so problematic and harmful. It has subconsciously ruined the confidence of many girls.”



Ayesha Butt 
Ayesha is our South Asia correspondent who adores music, arts and fashion. Being highly ambitious, her motto for life is, "Even the Impossible spells I'm Possible".
Previous Article
Wahaj Ali defends Yumna Zaidi over Meme
Next Article
Brin Pirathapan wins BBC MasterChef 2024


Related Reads
'Noor Jahan' Trailer receives Public Backlash
The Legendary Noor Jahan
Kubra Khan & Ali Raza's pairing in 'Noor Jahan' criticised
Did Noor Jahan copy Rocky Aur Rani Kii Prem Kahaani?
Saba Hamid addresses Portrayal of Oppressed Women on TV
Pakistani author Saba Imtiaz totally loves Noor Trailer



What's New
Nadia Khan hits back at Ageist Remarks
Prarthana Fardin Dighi to star in ‘Dena Paona’ Adaptation
5 Top South Asian Characters from Coronation Street
Irrfan Khan named Only Indian on Best Actors of 21st Century List
Was Naeema Butt’s Instagram Story aimed at Hania Aamir?
MORE
Popular
Payal Kapadia’s ‘All We Imagine As Light’ to compete for Oscars
Deepika Padukone makes Appearance at Diljit Dosanjh's Concert
Mamta Kulkarni returns to Mumbai after 25 Years
Mahira Khan shares her Love of Karachi
Priyanka Chopra teases Bollywood comeback
Keerthy Suresh's team stops Paparazzi from 'Inappropriate' clicks
Anonno Mamun's 'Makeup' approved for release after 5 years
New 'Apprentice' Star caught with Half-Naked Rival during Filming
10 Best Bollywood Films of 2024
Mariyam Nafees hits back at Trolls over Pregnancy Posts
Trending
FILM & TV
Irrfan Khan named Only Indian on Best Actors of 21st Century List
BRIT-ASIAN
Asians on New Year Honours List 2025
FILM & TV
Was Naeema Butt's Instagram Story aimed at Hania Aamir?
BRIT-ASIAN
Karamat Iqbal talks Trauma & Opportunities of Being Asian in Britain
BRIT-ASIAN
Elon Musk says Suchir Balaji's Death 'doesn't look like Suicide'
ARTS & CULTURE
Rupa Mahadevan talks 'The Goddess of Death', Award & More
BRIT-ASIAN
Amir Khan boasts about Buying Dubai House 'with Cash'
FASHION
20 Traditional Looks of Hania Aamir You Must See
BRIT-ASIAN
Indian Gastropub next to Home of Shakespeare's Wife causes Row
FASHION
Maryam Nawaz’s Lavish Outfits at Wedding spark Backlash
"Quoted"
“I'm tired of seeing women being put in a position of helplessness with their bodies."
Suraiya Ali trolled on Twitter for having Body Hair
Polls

Do generational divides in Desi views stop conversations around sex and sexuality?

 Yes
 No

View Results

Polls Archive
RECENTLY
Diljit Dosanjh faces Legal Trouble over Ludhiana Concert
Nadia Khan hits back at Ageist Remarks
Prarthana Fardin Dighi to star in ‘Dena Paona’ Adaptation
5 Top South Asian Characters from Coronation Street
What is ‘Pakadua Vivah’ where Grooms are Kidnapped?
SOCIALISE WITH US
FOR OUR LATEST NEWS, GOSSIP & GUPSHUP
ABOUT US
Contact Us
DESIblitz Shop
Advertise with Us
About DESIblitz
DESIblitz Team
Terms of Service
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy

Copyright © 2008-2025 DESIblitz. DESIblitz is a ® registered trade mark | Email:info@desiblitz.com

 English
3
✕
Here are some notifications you missed:
Diljit Dosanjh faces Legal Trouble over Ludhiana Concert
4 hours ago
Nadia Khan hits back at Ageist Remarks
4 hours ago
Prarthana Fardin Dighi to star in 'Dena Paona' Adaptation
4 hours ago
Subscribe to receive push notifications on latest updates
SUBSCRIBE
⚡ by
 Webpushr
X
Diljit Dosanjh faces Legal Trouble over Ludhiana Concert
4 hours ago
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.desiblitz.com/content/saba-hamids-drama-noor-jahan-faces-backlash 
 ----- 
