  Sports Info
Home
News
Sports today
Cricket
PSL
Other Leagues
Blogs
Team
Shop
Sign in / Join
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sign in
Welcome! Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password? Get help
Password recovery
Recover your password
your email
A password will be e-mailed to you.
Home News Aussies to celebrate summer camp in Chennai
News
Aussies to celebrate summer camp in Chennai
By
By Our Correspondent
-
May 23, 2024
113
0
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp

Melbourne-Muhammad Saad Abbasi

Australian Government and Cricket Australia to celebrate the ’Summer of Cricket’ in Chennai on 25 May 2024

The Australian Government and Cricket Australia will begin the countdown to the blockbuster 2024-25 season with an event in Chennai on 25 May 2024.

With only six months to go until the start of the Men’s Border-Gavaskar Trophy Series, the event will focus on the upcoming tours to Australia of the Indian men’s and women’s cricket teams. The evening will see leaders from across industry, business and government join a host of cricket greats to celebrate the Australia-India relationship.

Highlighting the opportunities for Indian business leaders from the Australia India Summer of Cricket, Australian High Commissioner to India, Philip Green added, “The Border-Gavaskar trophy series promises to be the highlight of this summer’s cricket calendar. That’s why I’m encouraging Indian business leaders to travel to Australia to be there for the big games, develop new connections with Australian corporates, and experience all Australia has to offer.”

The event will celebrate Australia and India’s long-running cricket ties and will highlight the opportunity to witness the greatest teams in cricket go head-to-head. CAIR and CA will also offer a tailored business program that will facilitate connections between Australian and Indian industry and government networks through a range of blockbuster events, conferences, gala functions and business matching programs held in conjunction with the series in Australia.

Adam Gilchrist, former Australian Test captain, and CAIR Advisory Board Director, said “We have been delighted to design a Summer of Cricket program with Cricket Australia that will help cricket be a binding force for our two nations across community, business, entertainment and tourism. We can expect many not to be missed moments Downunder this Summer”.

Nick Hockley, Cricket Australia Chief Executive Officer added, “Cricket has a unique ability to bring people together and with the support of the Australian Government through the Centre for Australia-India Relations, it is wonderful to meet and spend time with so many leaders across business and government at such an exciting time for the game and the bilateral relationship. It is also great to experience the enormous anticipation for the upcoming Border-Gavaskar Trophy and women’s ODI series this summer in Australia. We can’t wait to welcome all the hugely passionate and knowledgeable India fans to stadiums across Australia this blockbuster summer.”

In partnership with Qantas, Penfolds and Star Sports, the official broadcaster of Australian Cricket in India, the night will showcase the best of Australian food and wine and will showcase the unique travel experiences and attractions available throughout the country this summer. Last week, Qantas announced it would increase flights from Bengaluru to Sydney to daily from December 2024 until March 2025, adding over 12,000 seats between the two cities over the four-month period to cater for the peak season demand. The event will also promote a range of premium travel packages and experiences available in and around the cricket, including those specifically offered by the Cricket Australia Travel Office before tickets go on sale on 14 June 2024.

Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
WhatsApp
Previous articleACB announced multicultural ambassadors for two years
Next articleMCG to host Australia A vs India A series
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
News
Boxing Day Test made new history
News
17th CNS Amateur Golf Cup tees off today at Margalla Greens
News
Maxwell calls Babar Superstar and Shaheen as a wizard
LEAVE A REPLY
Please enter your comment!
Please enter your name here
You have entered an incorrect email address!
Please enter your email address here

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

MOST COMMENTED
News
Golden ball trophy to be auctioned
By Our Correspondent - May 19, 2024 0
The Golden Ball Trophy is to be auctioned in Paris at the world-famous Aguttes Auction House on the 6th of June. The unique item...
Gilgit Serena Hotel hosts “Raabta” panel discussion on responsible tourism and...
September 28, 2023
MCG to transform into a Cricket Mela for Boxing Day Test
December 18, 2023
Japan defeat Pakistan in dramatic shootout to win 2024 Azlan Shah...
May 12, 2024
Live Cricket Scores
HOT NEWS
News
Rain expected in Kandy on big match day
News
Fakhar Zaman’s heroic century helps Pakistan beat New Zealand
Sports today
Serena Hotels honour the Special Olympics Squad
News
Schedule for President’s Cup 2024 announced
ABOUT US
Welcome to SportsInfo.com.pk! We are dedicated to bringing you the latest sports news, in-depth analyses, exclusive interviews, and live updates from the world of sports. Our passionate team of experts ensures accurate and engaging coverage across various sports, keeping you connected to the games and athletes you love.
FOLLOW US
TV Listing
Scores
Odds
Buy Now
© SportsInfo.com.pk Developed by Asif
 AUTO 
 AUTO 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsinfo.com.pk/aussies-to-celebrate-summer-camp-in-chennai/ 
 ----- 
