Skip to main content
Canis Hoopus homepage
a Minnesota Timberwolves community
Follow Canis Hoopus online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Canis Hoopus main menu
NEWS 
ANALYSIS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

TIMBERWOLVES SCORES
Timberwolves 104, Pelicans 97: Anthony Edwards Spoils Return of Zion Williamson

Anthony Edwards sets the Timberwolves three-game scoring record, pouring in 32 points and carrying Minnesota to their second consecutive win.

By Tim Garrison  Jan 7, 2025, 11:11pm CST  192 Comments / 192 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

Just 22 hours after sweeping the Los Angeles Clippers off the Target Center hardwood, the Minnesota Timberwolves soared into The Big Easy to take on the 7-29 New Orleans Pelicans on the second night of a back-to-back. While their record would lead Wolves fans to pencil in a win, the abrupt news of two-time All-Star Zion Williamson’s return following a 27-game absence added an unknown variable to the game’s complexion.

Donte DiVincenzo made his second consecutive start in place of veteran guard Mike Conley as the Wolves jumped out to an early 7-0 run behind the hot shooting of Julius Randle and Anthony Edwards. The dynamic duo buoyed the Wolves' offense early, scoring Minnesota’s first 16 points. The Pelicans quickly found their rhythm as the quarter progressed. Jose Alvarado marshaled a 10-5 New Orleans run to close quarter, narrowing the Wolves 12-point lead to just one.

Minnesota’s ball movement tonight was especially sharp. Randle’s hot start drew double teams, resulting in opportunities to get the Pelicans out in rotation. Though the movement was solid, the shot-making stalled in the second quarter. The bricks formed a wall and the ball movement eroded back into the patented stickiness plaguing the Timberwolves this season.

Fortunately, the Timberwolves had a reinvigorated Edwards. Every time the Pelicans stole momentum, the 23-year-old answered the bell to keep his team in the hunt. They battled to a 54-54 tie as the halftime buzzer sounded.

The Pelicans' ball pressure tonight continuously corroded the Wolves offense. Dejounte Murray led the charge at the point of attack with six steals. It was none more evident than at the start of a disastrous third quarter. The home team reeled in three straight offensive boards on their first possession but had four straight misses. Just when you thought the Wolves had come away lucky, Murray and Zion dismantled the Timberwolves at the point of attack, forcing three straight steals and six easy transition points. While Wolves fans across the country rolled their eyes in frustration, it was very cool to see Zion Williamson connect on two dunks after his long absence.

If you were keeping count, that’s seven straight field goal attempts before the Wolves even crossed their own three-point line on offense.

Minnesota stayed calm and eventually settled into the quarter with crisp ball movement again. They erased an eight-point Pelicans lead to retake the advantage thanks to more sharpshooting by Edwards. The superstar finished the night with 32 points on 7 of 11 shooting from the perimeter.

The Timberwolves ultimately took control of the game as the third quarter progressed and never relinquished down the stretch. Although a late flurry from New Orleans got them within three with 19.7 seconds left, sowing some doubt, their push proved too late as Minnesota won their second straight game by a score of 104-97.

Key Takeaways
Matthew Hinton-Imagn Images

Anthony Edwards breaks the Wolves 3-game scoring record.

Anthony Edwards and the month of December did not agree with one another. Spacing issues and sticky offense left Edwards in a fog of frustration. The fifth-year guard averaged just 20.5 points on 42.7% shooting from the field. The energy and joy that had captivated basketball fans in Minnesota and across the globe inexplicably faded.

When the worry began to kick into overdrive, the Timberwolves franchise talisman found himself. Edwards has exploded for 122 points in his last three games, setting a franchise record. However, it’s not just his scoring. Edwards is pressing the issue as a playmaker, understanding the defensive attention being drawn from him and collapsing the defense as he slithers his way through wave after wave of defenders.

While you may look at his box score of three assists tonight, it does not accurately depict the tremendous amount of gravity Edwards is drawing. He needs to stick with it, and the assist totals will mount.

The three-point shot making from Edwards, not just over these last few games, has been astounding. He’s shooting 42.1% on the year and 66.6% over his record-breaking stretch. That is 23 treys in four calendar days.

In a year marked by disappointment and frustration, watching Anthony Edwards rediscover his joy has been the most invigorating elixir Timberwolves fans could ask for.

Ball movement injects life into the offense

In his second consecutive start, Donte DiVicenzo’s impact has reverberated through the Timberwolves lineup. While stretches of sticky play continue to plague the offense, shifting DiVincenzo into the starting lineup has caused a cascading effect on lineup combinations, and the early returns spark hope in an offensive resurrection.

With the team shooting 42.7% from the floor and 34.1% from deep, the ball movement often went unrewarded. That said, it’s a positive step forward for the NBA’s 21st-ranked offense. Getting the defense moving and reacting is key for providing space and driving lanes for Edwards to plow through. Naz Reid is the epitome of the .5 mentality. It may not be the right decision, but Reid makes a decision that promotes a reaction from the defense to open up passing lanes.

Finch's small adjustments over the last few weeks have put players in key positions to succeed, setting the team up for upward progression. Jaden McDaniels, who struggled tonight, has quietly shot 39.3% from above the break this season. He has been pitiful from the corner. However, Finch has more often moved him out of the corner and in position to let it fly above the break over the last few weeks.

The players’ continued commitment to off-ball movement and quick decision-making will determine how far the Wolves move up.

Game Highlights
Up Next

The Timberwolves head to central Florida on Thursday, where an appointment with the resilient Orlando Magic awaits. The Magic have endured a spell of mediocrity over their last 10 games, going 5-5, but are coming off a signature win against the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden on Monday.

Orlando will be well-rested and the Wolves must match their energy to have a chance at three straight wins. Tune in this Thursday, January 9th at 6:00 PM CT on FanDuel Sports Network North.

Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.canishoopus.com/timberwolves-scores-results/2025/1/7/24338738/timberwolves-pelicans-nba-game-recap-anthony-edwards-zion-williamson-donte-divincenzo-julius-randle 
 ----- 
