Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Tournament director Billy MacDermott likes what he sees
Mehluli Sibanda
Created: Sep 30, 2023 07:27 AM
0 Comments
36
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
High expectations: Billy MacDermott (Photograph by Mehluli Sibanda)

Tournament director Billy MacDermott is expecting cricket of the highest standard when the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup Americas Regional Qualifier gets under way today.

With a spot in next year’s World Cup at stake and with the matches streamed live to a global audience, the largest tournament in the region is expected to thrill those at the ground and beyond, with MacDermott expecting to see quality displays by all four teams.

“It’s our biggest tournament in the region at associate level and we’re aiming for highest standards,’’ MacDermott said.

“We’re actually willing to see the teams perform at the best standards and obviously the quality of the cricket is going to be our main selling point for the region.

“We need to prove that we’re up there and the team that goes through to the World Cup will be competitive.

“This is the first time it’s going to be streamed here with six cameras so that’s part of the improvements the ICC is trying for, to improve the quality of streaming for people around the world to be able to follow in a proper way.

“It used to be three cameras and now we've gone to six. This is a global decision from ICC to try get all the pathway events properly streamed so that people can follow.”

MacDermott has commended the Bermuda Cricket Board for the hard work done in preparing for the event since he was last on the island August, with the ICC Americas regional development officer pleased at the amount of effort poured into getting the two venues, North Field and White Hill Field, ready for the tournament.

Members of the Panama cricket team arriving at the hotel where teams are staying for the tournament (Photograph by Mehluli Sibanda)

“We knew that the Bermuda Premier League was going to be played in between my last visit and the tournament,’’ MacDermott said.

“That was going to give us a good idea of how the wickets were going to play and everybody was satisfied with the way they played.

“When I was there, you can actually see the hours have been put in You can tell that the wickets have been used, they were worked on and everything looks in place to get going on Saturday.

“We’re all set and I’d like to take the opportunity to thank the big team at the BCB, led by Cal Blankendal, for all their hard work.

“I’ve been to the venues inspection and there was a big team, which I was glad to see because it’s a very hard job. There are a lot of hours put in behind the scenes and hopefully it can pay off and we see a high-quality event.”

With four teams in action, MacDermott was keen to make sure that fixtures were allocated fairly to ensure that no team was given an unfair advantage.

“It’s a double round-robin and if you go through the fixtures every team plays the same amount of games in the morning and the afternoon,’’ he said.

“We tried to be fair to everyone and to accommodate the hosts as much as we can. They’re playing their first game in the morning, but it’s a Saturday so people shouldn't be having problems to get there.

“On the last day, they’re playing the closing game against Canada, which is a big game an it’s going to be important for the Bermuda team to feel the home support and try to make the most of what they call home advantage.

“It’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get a direct qualification spot from this kind of event and being at home, it doesn't get any better than that. If they finish first, they’re in the World Cup and that should get the island behind the team.”

MacDermott leads an important team of ICC officials for the tournament with former West Indies pace bowler Reon King named as match referee for the event and Bermuda’s Emmerson Carrington, Jacqueline Williams, of Jamaica, and the United States pair of Vijaya Mallela and Jermaine Lindo performing umpiring duties.

RELATED TOPICS: CRICKET CRICKET WORLD CUP BERMUDA CRICKET BOARD SPOTLIGHT
Related Stories
2024 Talking Points: Ending Homelessness
2024 Talking Points: 7 murders in 6 weeks!
2024 Talking Points: Independent politics and floor-crossing
2024 Talking Points: Infrastructure black eye
36
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published September 30, 2023 at 7:27 am (Updated September 30, 2023 at 6:55 am)
Tournament director Billy MacDermott likes what he sees
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
01/03/2025
New travel requirements for non-EU nationals
01/04/2025
Judge slams DPP over court mix-up
01/04/2025
We’ve been taken for fools
01/04/2025
Minister of Education on extended sick leave
01/04/2025
Azores-Bermuda route ‘not economically viable’
01/04/2025
Senior injured by downed utility line in Hamilton Parish
01/04/2025
Lion hunt: divers pursue invasive fish
01/04/2025
Blustery showers and gale-force winds hit the island

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries
BIELBY, JOHN HENRY
FRANCIS, THELMA GENEVIEVE
FURBERT, ROYDON OLANZA "BUCKO"
LUSHER, NICHOLAS CROSSON (NICKY)

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 27 Dec 2024
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Notice
© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/cricket/sport/article/20230930/tournament-director-billy-macdermott-likes-what-he-sees/ 
 ----- 
