OAKLAND ATHLETICS

Kyle McCann delivers clutch homer as Athletics top Astros

Sep 12, 2024, 7:05 AM | Updated: 7:18 am

(Photo by Jack Gorman/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FIELD LEVEL MEDIA




Sactown Sports

Kyle McCann slugged a go-ahead two-run home run in the top of the sixth inning to support Joey Estes, who pitched effectively into the seventh inning as the visiting Oakland Athletics claimed a 5-4 win over the Houston Astros on Wednesday.

McCann struck a surprising blow against Astros right-hander Hunter Brown (11-8), who had dominated the Athletics during his brief career and overwhelmed McCann over five at-bats.

McCann was 0-for-5 with five strikeouts in his career against Brown, including strikeouts in the top of the second and fourth innings — the first swinging and the second a called third strike.

Yes he McCann 💪 pic.twitter.com/qm6BWg81Cp

— A’s on NBCS (@NBCSAthletics) September 12, 2024

Athletics vs. Astros recap

But after Brown escaped a bases-loaded jam with a pair of strikeouts in the fifth, McCann followed a leadoff single by Jacob Wilson with a shot to left field for his fifth homer. McCann golfed a 1-1 fastball the opposite way for a 352-foot shot that would have been a homer in only one other stadium besides Minute Maid Park: Fenway Park in Boston. McCann gave Oakland a 4-3 lead with his shot off Brown, who was 3-0 with a 1.80 ERA in five starts against the Athletics.

Brown allowed five runs on nine hits and one walk with seven strikeouts over five-plus innings.

The Athletics (64-82) scratched across two runs in the third to erase a 2-0 deficit. Brent Rooker and JJ Bleday drove home Max Schuemann and Ryan Noda, respectively. Rooker reached 100 RBIs this season with his run-scoring single.

The Athletics’ three-run sixth featured McCann’s homer and another RBI single from Rooker, who plated Schuemann with his hit off Caleb Ferguson.

Brown surrendered a combined five earned runs in five starts last month and twirled six shutout innings against the Cincinnati Reds last week. He last worked as few as five innings on May 17.

Estes (7-7) allowed three runs (two earned) on seven hits and one walk with two strikeouts over 6 2/3 innings. He surrendered a sacrifice fly to Jake Meyers that scored Alex Bregman in the second before Mauricio Dubon added an RBI single that plated Jeremy Pena for a 2-0 lead.

The Astros (77-68) added an unearned run in the third and Kyle Tucker delivered a pinch-RBI single in the eighth off Tyler Ferguson that drove home Bregman. But Ferguson held the line there, and Oakland closer Mason Miller worked a perfect ninth inning for his 24th save.

Houston nine-time All-Star second baseman Jose Altuve left in the bottom of the fifth inning with side discomfort. The leadoff batter was 0-for-3 with a strikeout in his last at-bat, during which he appeared to injure himself.

–Field Level Media

Upcoming Oakland Athletics Schedule
Tuesday, September 10th-Thursday, September 12th – @ Houston Astros
Friday, September 13th-Sunday, September 15th – @ Chicago White Sox
Monday, September 16th-Wednesday, September 18th – @ Chicago Cubs
Friday, September 20th-Sunday, September 22nd – vs. New York Yankees
Tuesday, September 24th-Thursday, September 26th – Texas Rangers
Friday, September 27th – Sunday, September 29th – @ Seattle Mariners
End of 2024 regular season

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
Oakland Athletics

Brenden Nunes

Do new agreements eliminate any chance of the A’s staying in Sacramento?

1 month ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s GM says team does not plan to trade Brent Rooker

2 months ago

Field Level Media

A’s trade OF Daz Cameron to Orioles

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s announce first pitch times for 2025 season in Sacramento

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: A’s to play on grass in Sacramento, not turf

3 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Here are the newly released plans for the A’s stadium in Las Vegas

3 months ago

Kyle McCann delivers clutch homer as Athletics top Astros

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/mlb-oakland-athletics-kyle-mccann-houston-astros-recap/ 
 ----- 
