MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Da Silva scores career-high 25 points, Magic overcome loss of Suggs to beat Raptors 106-97
Published Jan. 3, 2025 9:59 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

TORONTO (AP) — Tristan da Silva scored a career-high 25 points and the Orlando Magic overcame the loss of guard Jalen Suggs to back spasms to beat the struggling Toronto Raptors 106-97 on Friday night.

Goga Bitadze had 11 points and 13 rebounds and Kentavious Caldwell-Pope scored 15 points to help the Magic win for the fourth time in 10. Orlando's Cole Anthony matched a career high with 11 assists.

Orlando came in as the NBA’s worst shooting team from 3-point range, but made 9 of 14 from distance in the first quarter, tying the franchise record for 3s in a quarter.

Suggs was playing defense late in the second when he stumbled without any contact and fell over clutching at his lower back. He stayed down for several minutes before being helped into a wheelchair. The fourth-year guard covered his face with a towel as he was wheeled off.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Jakob Poeltl scored 25 points for the Raptors. Scottie Barnes added 20, and Immanuel Quickley had 11 points and 11 assists.

Takeaways

Magic: Orlando made nine 3-pointers in the third quarter against San Antonio on Feb. 8, 2024. They also had nine in the third against the Lakers on Jan. 31, 2018.

Raptors: Toronto snapped an 11-game losing streak by beating Brooklyn on Wednesday but couldn’t maintain any momentum. The Raptors haven’t won consecutive games since home victories over Miami and Indiana on Dec. 1 and 3. They’ve only won back-to-back games twice this season.

Key moment
7 Ways to Retire Comfortably With $1M
How long will your portfolio last in retirement? For those with a $1 million portfolio, get this guide to learn more.
Fisher Investments|Sponsored
NFL Wild Card Parlay: Our experts make the picks and prop bets to win the weekend
Feel like placing some bets on Wild Card Weekend? Check out a parlay that the FOX Sports betting analysts put together ahead of the action.
7 Things Not to Do When Selecting a Financial Advisor
SmartAsset|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

Four Magic players connected from deep in a 14-4 run late in the first that gave Orlando a lead it would never relinquish.

Key stat

Orlando shot 19 for 44 from 3-point range, improving to 18-6 this season when making 10 or more from distance. The Magic are 3-9 when they make nine or fewer 3s.

Up next

Orlando hosts Utah on Sunday night. Toronto hosts Milwaukee on Monday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans All-Star Brandon Ingram
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
Best landing spots for New Orleans Pelicans star Zion Williamson
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Orlando Magic
Jalen Suggs
National Basketball Association
Immanuel Quickley
Scottie Barnes
Jakob Poeltl
Cole Anthony
Kentavious Caldwell-Pope
Goga Bitadze
Jalen Suggs
Toronto Raptors
Orlando Magic
NBA - Orlando Magic vs. Toronto Raptors - 01/04/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/da-silva-scores-careerhigh-25-points-magic-overcome-loss-of-suggs-to-beat-raptors-10697 
 ----- 
