Mon, Dec 30, 2024
9°C
Support Us
e-Paper
Archive
Videos
Games
Polls
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
ARTE
Subscribe
Log In
Latest
National
World
Opinion
Fact-check
X2
Sport
Motoring
Business
Community
Entertainment
Tech
Sesko's fine individual strike denies Malta of famous win over Slovenia

Guillaumier and Pisani score quickfire wonder goals

Sport
Football
March 21, 2024| Valhmor Camilleri |0
2 min read
Matthew Guillaumier tries to find a way through against Slovenia. Photo: Domenic Aquilina

MALTA           2

Guillaumier 53

Pisani 58

SLOVENIA      2

Sporar 29; Sesko 81

MALTA

H. Bonello, S. Borg (46 E. Pepe), M. Guillaumier, J. Mbong, S. Pisani (75 N. Muscat), P. Mbong (81 N. Portelli), L. Montebello (66 K. Reid), J. Corbalan (81 C. Zammit Lonardelli), Y. Yankam, J. Borg, Z. Muscat.

SLOVENIA

J. Oblak (46 V. Belec), J.Balkovec, J. Bijol (46 M. Blazic), A. Sporar, B. Sesko, J. Kurtic (77 Stankovic), J. Mlakar (46 B. Verbic), T. Horvat, P. Stojanovic, V. Drkusic (81 D. Brekalo), A. Cerin (62 T. Elsnik).

Referee Sandi Putros (Denmark).

Yellow cards Pisani, Montebello, Pepe, Kurtic, P. Mbong, Z. Muscat.

A fine individual striker from young sensation Benjamin Sesko denied Malta a famous victory over Slovenia as the two nations had to settle for a 2-2 draw in a friendly at the National Stadium.

After a rather opaque first-half performance that saw the home side hand the Slovenians the opening goal on a plate after a defensive mix-up, the Maltese were transformed after the break.

In fact, the team started to press much higher their opponents and their increased work ethic saw them turn the match on its head when scoring two brilliant goals in the space of two minutes through Matthew Guillaumier and Steve Pisani.

But Malta’s hopes of a remarkable win were thwarted by the attacking genius of Sesko who scored a fine equaliser.

Read full story on sport.timesofmalta.com

Sign up to our free newsletters
Email:
Get the best updates straight to your inbox:
 Daily newsletter (the day’s top headlines, sent every morning)
 From the editors (a curated selection of stories, sent every week)

You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link in the footer of our emails. We use Mailchimp as our marketing platform. By subscribing, you acknowledge that your information will be transferred to Mailchimp for processing.

Valhmor Camilleri
Sports writer

Sponsored Articles
Top tips for sports betting beginners
The Valletta Waterfront Christmas Express
TOPIA: Celebrating Malta’s heritage through a thousand shops
The ‘solemn hour’ that was a constitutional milestone
A landmark year for SOFTSWISS
Play North® invests in The Netherlands with Dutch online casino brand: Kansino
Take part in the conversation

To view comments, please register for free or log in to your account.

Register / Log In

Independent journalism costs money.

Support Us
Follow us:
National
World
Opinion
Fact-check
X2
Community
Sport
Motoring
Business
#TimesTalk
Entertainment
Tech
About Us
Contact Us
Send us your story
Contact us securely
Corrections Policy
Comments Policy
Support Us
Advertise
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Statement
Report a bug
Copyright © 2024 Times of Malta. All rights reserved.
Times of Malta asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofmalta.com/article/sesko-fine-individual-strike-denies-malta-famous-win-slovenia.1089637 
 ----- 
