THE IRISH FA
NEWS
SHOP
STADIUM
STRATEGY
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER*
International 
Domestic 
Foundation 
TICKETS
B
Fixtures and results
E
Squads
Northern Ireland Senior Men
Northern Ireland Under 21
Northern Ireland Under 19 Men
Northern Ireland Under 17 Men
Northern Ireland Senior Women
Northern Ireland Under 19 Women
Northern Ireland Under 17 Women
D
GAWA Zone
Supporters' clubs
Fan Experience
REWIND: Watch classic Northern Ireland matches
Northern Ireland Hall of Fame
GAWA Shop
J
JD National Academy
About JD National Academy
B
Fixtures & Results
A
Cup competitions
Clearer Water Irish Cup
Women's Challenge Cup
McComb's Coach Travel Intermediate Cup
fonaCAB Craig Stanfield Junior Cup
Harry Cavan Youth Cup
M
Leagues
NIFL Premiership
NIFL Women’s Premiership
NIFL Championship
NIFL Premier Intermediate League
Northern Ireland Women's Football Association
Northern Amateur Football League
Player Registration Forms
G
Grassroots and Youth Football
Irish FA Football Camps
McDonald's Programmes
Girls' and women's football
Safeguarding
Delivering Let Them Play
Schools Programmes
NI Boys' Football Association
NI Schools' Football Association
Howdens Game Changer Programme
Youth Football Review
Football Community Hubs
K
Disability Football
Coaching
Disability Strategy Booklet
Deaf football
George Best Community Cup
C
Community & Volunteering
Stadium Community Benefits Initiative
How to volunteer
People & Clubs
Stay Onside
Ahead of the Game
Walking Football
Department for Communities
Young Leaders Programme
Fresh Start Through Sport Programme
N
Futsal
Grassroots Futsal Development
Domestic Futsal Competitions
Futsal Coach Education
Futsal Referee Education
International Futsal
Home
International teams
Domestic
Irish FA Foundation
The Irish FA
News
Events
Shop
H TICKETS
Subscribe
Newsletter
Irish FA five-year strategy
Find A Club
Football NI app
Esports
FOTM
IrishCupFinal
Women’s Euro
Sunday 08 Sep 2024
Northern Ireland lose narrowly to Bulgaria in UNL
 Home
 News
Northern Ireland lose narrowly to Bulgaria in UNL
Northern Ireland slipped to a 1-0 defeat away to Bulgaria in game two of their latest UEFA Nations League campaign.

In sultry conditions on a lumpy pitch at Stadion Hristo Botev in Plovdiv tonight they were left frustrated after Bulgaria scored in the 40th minute and defended strongly from then on to claim all three points in the UNL League C Group 3 clash.

A physically strong and rugged Bulgaria bossed the first half, hitting the woodwork twice, while Northern Ireland had plenty of the ball in the second half, although they could not fashion a clear goalscoring opportunity.

The home side, who drew with Belarus away in their opening C3 game, started on the front foot and they almost opened the scoring in the fourth minute.

Bailey Peacock-Farrell superbly clawed out a header from midfielder Georgi Kostadinov at the near post. The loose ball fell to striker Aleksandar Kolev and his pass back across goal was touched by the Northern Ireland keeper as he lay on the ground. Ciaron Brown then cleared the ball off the line and it cannoned off Bulgaria defender Alex Petkov and hit the post before the keeper gathered the ball in.

Northern Ireland’s first chance came shortly after. Isaac Price found space just outside the area, however he shot straight at Bulgaria keeper Dimitar Mitov.

The visitors’ defence had to be on their toes to repel a couple of rapid attacks by the Bulgarians.

Then Bulgaria captain Kiril Despodov ran at the Northern Ireland defence and fired a shot past the upright, while a Conor Bradley shot was gathered in by Mitov at the other end.

The boss reacts to tonight's defeat 🎥 #GAWA pic.twitter.com/uDv2udQIth

— Northern Ireland (@NorthernIreland) September 8, 2024

Despodov was unlucky to see his curling free-kick slam off the post as Bulgaria continued to press.

Another swift counter attack put Kolev clear inside the area. His weak shot was comfortably saved by Peacock-Farrell.

Price found space once again on 38 minutes, however his effort drifted wide of the target.

Bulgaria took the lead two minutes later. Peacock-Farrell’s clearance towards Daniel Ballard fell short and Kolev nipped in to slip the ball to the back post where captain Despodov tucked it away from four yards.

Northern Ireland tried to respond before the break. A Shea Charles cross caused panic in the Bulgarian defence before Ballard headed a Bradley free-kick over the top.

Michael O’Neill’s side upped the tempo in the second half. Jamal Lewis jinked his way into a crossing position down the left, although he overhit his delivery, and Dion Charles had an effort blocked.

Bulgaria, with a much older age profile than Northern Ireland’s line-up, tried to knock the visitors out of their rhythm as much as possible.

Substitute Shayne Lavery unleashed a powerful shot which stung the palms of Mitov, although he was flagged for being offside in the build-up.

The game was particularly scrappy in the closing stages. Lavery had a half-chance and Bulgarian substitute Zdravko Dimitrov missed the target.

Right at the death Shea Charles whipped a corner into the danger zone towards Ballard. He rose well but his header sailed wide.

And that was the last meaningful action on what was a frustrating night for the boys in green and white.

Northern Ireland, who enjoyed a comfortable 2-0 win over Luxembourg in their C3 opener on Thursday, have now slipped to third place in the group behind Bulgaria and Belarus, who defeated Luxembourg 1-0 at Stade de Luxembourg in the other game in the group earlier today.

Next up for Northern Ireland are games away to Belarus and home to Bulgaria next month.

Bulgaria: Dimitar Mitov, Viktor Popov, Fabian Nuernberger, Zhivko Atanasov, Alex Petkov, Radoslav Kirilov, Georgi Kostadinov, Ilia Gruev, Aleksandar Kolev, Kiril Despodov (captain), Martin Minchev.

Substitutes: (used) Ahmed Ahmedov, Zdravko Dimitrov, Vasil Panayotov, Stanislav Ivanov, Simeon Petrov; (unused) Svetoslav Vutsov (GK), Ivan Dyulgerov (GK), Ertan Tombak, Valentin Antov, Georgi Minchev, Ivan Minchev, Georgi Rusev.

Northern Ireland: Bailey Peacock-Farrell, Trai Hume (captain), Ciaron Brown, Daniel Ballard, Paddy McNair, Jamal Lewis, Shea Charles, George Saville, Dion Charles, Conor Bradley, Isaac Price.

Substitutes: (used) Shayne Lavery, Paul Smyth, Callum Marshall, Ross McCausland, Ali McCann: (unused) Luke Southwood (GK), Josh Clarke (GK), Corry Evans, Brad Lyons, Eoin Toal, Ethan Galbraith, Josh Magennis.

Action from Plovdiv
Related Articles
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
Vote for the Northern Ireland Senior Women’s Goal of the Year 2024
19 December 2024
2024 review: men’s and women’s U19s and U17s
18 December 2024
Related News
READ MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS NEWS
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERNATIONAL
Fixtures & Results
Tournaments
Squads
Match Day Information
GAWA Zone
Club Zone
FOUNDATION
Grassroots And Youth Football
Disability Football
Community & Volunteering
Futsal
DOMESTIC
Fixture & Results
Cup Competitions
Leagues
ADDITIONAL LINKS
The Irish FA
News
Shop
GAWA Official

Make it official! Find out more

TICKETS
© Irish Football Association 2024
Site Map
Terms of use
Privacy

This website uses cookies. Please click Accept and Close to accept the use of cookies on our website. By continuing to browse our website you consent to the use of cookies on this website.

ACCEPT AND CLOSE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishfa.com/news/2024/september/northern-ireland-lose-narrowly-to-bulgaria-in-unl 
 ----- 
