Skip to main content
Amazin' Avenue homepage
a New York Mets community
Follow Amazin' Avenue online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Amazin' Avenue main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

METS MORNING NEWS
Mets Morning News: Mets even up NLCS

Your Tuesday morning dose of New York Mets and MLB news, notes, and links.

By Vasilis Drimalitis@vasdrimalitis  Oct 15, 2024, 8:30am EDT  479 Comments / 479 New

If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.

Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Meet the Mets

The Mets evened up the National League Championship Series at 1-1 with a 7-3 win over the Dodgers. The Mets jumped ahead on the first batter of the game thanks to a Francisco Lindor leadoff homer, which ended Los Angeles’ record-tying 33 inning scoreless streak and gave New York a lead they would never relinquish. The big blow came in the second, as Mark Vientos launched a Grand Slam after the Dodgers intentionally walked Lindor, which he took personally. The Dodgers chipped away with one in the fifth and two in the sixth, but a double play killed their rally and they never got close again. The series now returns to Flushing for three games, where the Mets have only lost two games since August 20.

Choose your recap: Amazin’ Avenue, The Athletic, Daily News, NY Post, Newsday, MLB.com, ESPN, North Jersey

Vientos contributed his sixth multi-hit game, which matched John Olerud in 1999 and Todd Zeile in 2000 for most in a single postseason in franchise history.

The Mets’ bullpen did its job in stranding lots of runners late as they sealed the deal in a ‘stressful’ victory.

The Mets survived a brief defensive meltdown in their win yesterday.

Luis Severino was not present for Game 2, as the Game 3 starter left early for New York. However, he sported 5-9 eye black on his journey as a show of support for Sean Manaea, who won Game 2.

Brandon Nimmo started for New York despite suffering from plantar fasciitis.

Lindor is building his Hall of Fame case every day, writes Joel Sherman.

New York Magazine asked the question we are all dreading: will we finally get another Subway Series?

Around the National League East

Evan Macy explored which stars the Phillies should keep and which ones they should part with this offseason.

Around Major League Baseball

The Yankees cruised to a 5-2 over the Guardians in Game 1 of the American League Championship Series.

Juan Soto and Rodón set the tone in the Yankees’ victory.

Marcus Stroman and Anthony Rizzo landed on the Yankees’ ALCS roster.

Joel Sherman discussed the four things that make the Guardians a tough draw for the Bronx Bombers.

Will Leitch covered some storylines to follow on Day 2 of LCS action.

Freddie Freeman will keep running until the moment he can’t, which explains how he remains in the lineup for Los Angeles.

At one point, there was a snake in the Dodgers’ dugout.

Clayton Kershaw is determined to return in 2025.

MLB has contributed $1 million to the Red Cross for hurricane relief efforts.

Yesterday at Amazin’ Avenue

Brian Salvatore wanted to remind you that hope is not lost following the team’s Game 1 loss.

This Date in Mets History

On this date in 1986, the Mets participated in one of the most famous games in baseball history, outlasting the Astros 7-6 in 16 innings in Game 6 of the NLCS to claim their third National League Pennant.

MORE FROM AMAZIN' AVENUE
Top 25 Mets Prospects for 2025: Nick Morabito (19)
Mets Morning News for January 9, 2025
Top 25 Mets Prospects for 2025: Dom Hamel (20)
Grading the Mets’ Griffin Canning signing
Mets Morning News for January 8, 2025
The Mets have checked in with Tanner Scott
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.amazinavenue.com/2024/10/15/24269829/mets-morning-news-nlcs-mlb-playoffs-dodgers-manaea-lindor-vientos-alonso-marte-diaz-stanek-maton-win 
 ----- 
