Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
20 arrested for looting as wildfires rip through Los Angeles
MLB
 
NEW YORK METS
Sean Manaea shutting down Shohei Ohtani helps Mets quiet Dodgers bats in Game 2
By Mike Puma
Published Oct. 15, 2024, 1:21 a.m. ET
7

LOS ANGELES — Sean Manaea may have put the Mets in a good position Monday just by the manner in which he handled the Dodgers’ leadoff hitter.

Shohei Ohtani went 0-for-3 with two strikeouts against the Mets left-hander, certainly a key — but not everything — in containing this scary Dodgers lineup.

Sean Manaea of the New York Mets throws a pitch during a Game 2 win over the Dodgers on
Charles Wenzelberg/New York Post

“He’s just one of the guys in the lineup and I was trying to do my job and put up zeroes,” Manaea said after the Mets’ 7-3 victory in Game 2 of the NLCS at Dodger Stadium. “[Ohtani] is very talented and I was just trying to get on to the next guy.”

Manaea allowed two earned runs on two hits and four walks over five innings. Max Muncy homered against him in the fifth before Manaea’s walk to Mookie Betts in the sixth led to the Dodgers’ second run.

Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani (17) reacts after flying out against the Mets in the fifth inning during Game 2 of the NLCS.
Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images

“[Manaea] was not only getting ahead, but staying on the attack,” manager Carlos Mendoza said. “A perfect example was the way he went after Ohtani the first couple of at-bats. I thought everything was working.”

Brandon Nimmo’s barking left foot is receiving daily treatment, but for now it’s not enough of an issue to remove him from the Mets’ lineup.

The outfielder has been dealing with plantar fasciitis since May and aggravated the injury during the NLDS against the Phillies, according to Mendoza. On Sunday, Nimmo was removed for a pinch-hitter in the ninth inning with the Mets trailing by nine runs.

Mendoza said the injury bothers Nimmo the most when he slows down from jogging, but running full-speed isn’t a problem.

“He is going to have to continue to get treatment,” Mendoza said. “He is going to have to continue to take medicine and go day by day.”

Mendoza officially named Luis Severino as the Mets’ starting pitcher for Game 3 on Wednesday. The right-hander departed before the first pitch to fly back early to New York. The Dodgers will counter with Walker Buehler.

7

What do you think? Post a comment.

Francisco Lindor’s leadoff homer was the sixth in franchise history by a Mets player in the postseason. Curtis Granderson was the last Mets player to lead off with a homer in the postseason, in Game 5 of the 2015 World Series. Jose Reyes, Lenny Dykstra, Wayne Garrett and Tommie Agee are the other players on the list.

FILED UNDER LOS ANGELES DODGERS  MLB PLAYOFFS  NEW YORK METS  SEAN MANAEA  SHOHEI OHTANI  10/15/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Trump's Revolting Steak Order Will Make Your Stomach Turn
TastingTable.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
General Mark Milley's Scathing Resignation Letter Stuns Everyone
Katiecouric.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/15/sports/sean-manaea-shutting-down-shohei-ohtani-helps-mets-quiet-dodgers-bats-in-game-2/ 
 ----- 
