Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
METS
Yankees legends shook their heads at Mets' move against Dodgers: ‘Surprising’ and ‘unfair’
Updated: Oct. 14, 2024, 12:24 p.m.|Published: Oct. 14, 2024, 11:15 a.m.

New York Mets starting pitcher Kodai Senga threw 30 pitches in a disastrous NLCS Game 1 outing against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday.AP

By Jimmy Hascup | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

Will the New York Mets' decision to start Kodai Senga in Game 1 of the NL Championship Series be one they regret? Even though they have four wins to make it right, some MLB legends are questioning their approach.

Yankees greats Derek Jeter and Alex Rodriguez were not fans of the Mets starting Senga against the Dodgers on Sunday for various reasons. They explained themselves on the FOX Sports MLB studio show after the Mets' 9-0 loss, one in which Senga lasted 1 1/3 innings and gave up three earned runs while throwing 10 of 30 pitches for strikes.

One of the most defensive rounds of Carrom | World Carrom Tour

BUY METS TICKETS: STUBHUB, VIVID SEATS, TICKETMASTER

Jeter: “I mean, it was a little surprising — chalk it up to jet lag, whatever you want. A little unfair to (Senga). He hasn’t pitched much lately and you’re sending him out there in Game 1 of the NLCS against a hot Dodgers team."

Later in the segment, Rodriguez questioned the move, too.

Rodriguez: “We don’t have the information. Who knows if somebody was hurt. From the outside you’re thinking, the Mets had three days to set up the starting rotation. You have (Sean) Manaea on full rest. You have (Luis) Severino, who hasn’t pitched in three days. You have (José) Quintana and (David) Peterson. A lefty would’ve been beautiful. I’m wondering why you put yourself in a hole. ... The reason Senga is not a good matchup for this Dodgers team is that the Dodgers do not chase."

Because of injuries, Senga entered with only 5 1/3 innings in the regular season and two innings during the NLDS against the Philadelphia Phillies. He is still building his workload and would not have gone more than three or four innings in a “perfect” start.

The early hole, which became 6-0 by the end of the fourth inning, meant the Mets were chasing the game from the start. And after a rollicking two weeks that saw the Mets clinch a playoff spot, come from behind to win several playoff games through signature moments and oust their division-rival Phillies, the Mets lacked their usual mojo Sunday.

It came from all over the field: They had three hits and made two errors, too.

“The Mets have played absolutely beautiful baseball for 2 1/2 months. Tonight, they looked out of sync a little bit ... it was a comedy of hours — both on the bases, running the bases, throwing balls all over the place," Rodriguez said.

Now, the Mets have a chance to even the series Monday afternoon when Manaea takes the mound against the Dodgers' bullpen game.

MORE METS COVERAGE
Forget Yankees: Mets are ‘more open’ to adding batting champion
Ex-MLB exec: Scott Boras is making stuff up about Pete Alonso to scare Mets
Roki Sasaki rumors | As decision nears, do Yankees, Mets still have a chance?
Baseball Hall of Fame: Ichiro Suzuki, Billy Wagner (for 10th time), 6 others on my 2025 ballot
Mets legend breaks silence on Juan Soto addition: ‘It’s not just for show’

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/mets/2024/10/yankees-legends-shook-their-heads-at-mets-move-against-dodgers-surprising-and-unfair.html 
 ----- 
