LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
T20 World Cup 2024: Farooqi's maiden five-wicket haul seals 125-run win for Afghanistan over Uganda
Afghanistan defended 183 against Uganda thanks to the fiery spell from Fazalhaq Farooqi

Updated - June 04, 2024 03:43 pm IST

ANI
READ LATER
PRINT

Afghanistan players celebrate as Uganda’s captain Brian Masaba walks off dismissed during an ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match at Guyana National Stadium in Providence, Guyana, Monday, June 3, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

Fazalhaq Farooqi's exuberant spell blew away Uganda as Afghanistan marched to a 125-run win in their Group C match of the ongoing T20 World Cup 2024 at the Providence Stadium on Monday. While defending 183, Farooqi's ferocious pace in the first over sealed Ronak Patel and Roger Mukasa's trip back to the pavilion on two consecutive deliveries.

 20 teams at the T20 WC— a double-edged sword in pursuit of a level-playing field

He castled Patel (4) with an inswinger on the second delivery. On the next ball, he left Mukasa bamboozled with an inswinger and trapped him in front of the stumps on his first delivery. Wickets continued to fall like a house of cards with Mujeeb Ur Rahman joining the action in the next over.

Mujeeb pretended to bowl a leg break but deceived Simon Ssesazi (4) by pulling off a googly. Naveen-ul-Haq scalped two in the fifth over to reduce Uganda to 18/5. In the rest of the chase, Uganda's batters struggled to pull off boundaries while Farooqi continued to be economical and rattle wickets.

In the 13th over, Farooqi struck was on a hat-trick for the second time after picking up two consecutive wickets. With the second consecutive scalp, he completed his maiden five-wicket haul for Afghanistan in international cricket.

Uganda eventually bundled out on a score of 58 in the 16th over and succumbed to a 125-run defeat. Earlier in the innings, Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran's fierce opening partnership propelled Afghanistan to 183/5 against Uganda.

The duo also registered 154-run against Uganda to record the second-highest opening stand in the men's T20 World Cup. Gurbaz scored the highest with 76 off 45 while opener Zadran smashed 70 runs in 46 balls powering Afghanistan to a fighting total.

 T20 World Cup 2024: Cricket and USA — strange bedfellows indeed

Put to bat first, Afghanistan openers Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran took off in no time, taking advantage of decent batting conditions. Uganda gave away easy runs as the team failed in the fielding from early on.

Gurbaz took the lead initially, but Zadran joined him soon after hitting four fours in a row in the sixth over. Afghanistan were going at 11 runs an over at the end of the first powerplay. The score of 75-0 is Afghanistan's highest powerplay score in the T20 World Cup, bettering 64/2 vs South Africa at the Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai in 2016.

ALSO READ:T20 World Cup 2024: South Africa beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in low-scoring match

The explosion of boundaries continued for Gurbaz and Zadran as the Uganda bowlers found the going tough against the well-set batters. Gurbaz brought up his fifty in the ninth over, his first-ever in T20 World Cups, hitting four sixes and two fours on the way. In the 10th over Afghanistan crossed the 100-run mark. An eventful 25-run over from Bilal Shah, which included five no-balls and five wides, helped Afghanistan pace past 150.

Brief score: Afghanistan 183/5 (Ibrahim Zadran 70, Rahmanullah Gurbaz 76; Brian Masaba 2-21) vs Uganda 58 (Robinson Obuya 14; Fazalhaq Farooqi 5-9, Naveen-ul-Haq 2-4).

Published - June 04, 2024 10:03 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

cricket / ICC World Cup / World Cup / T20 World Cup 2024

Most Popular
SA vs PAK first Test: South Africa stumbles to 27-3 in pursuit of tricky 148-run target against Pakistan
Looking back 2024: Political dynasts ruling countries
Hyderabad welcomes New Year 2025 with a bang
Morning Digest: World welcomes 2025 with light shows, embraces and ice plunges; Quad vows to work vigorously towards free, stable Indo-Pacific, and more
Top news of the day: 179 killed in South Korea plane crash; South Africa wins thriller against Pakistan, books WTC final spot, and more
How India can reach WTC Final: Win at SCG and hope for Sri Lankan series victory or draw against Australia
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Zakir Hussain death LIVE updates 
Parliament Winter Session Day 17 LIVE 
News 
Live news 
Christmas Advent calendar 2024 
Latest cricket news 
Gukesh vs Ding World Chess Championship Game 14 LIVE 
Tamil Nadu rains LIVE Dec 12 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE PREFERENCES

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 
 
Your choices regarding cookies on this site

Please choose whether this site may use cookies or related technologies such as web beacons, pixel tags and flash objects (“Cookies”) as described below. You can learn more about how this site uses these technologies by reading our privacy policy.

Your choices on this site will be applied globally. This means that your settings will be applied, by default, to other sites of The Hindu Group. You can change your mind and revisit your preferences at any time by accessing the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of this site.

We and our partners (108)

We and our partners: (108) process personal data such as IP Address, Unique ID, browsing data for: Store and/or access information on a device | Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, and audience research | Content based on limited data and content measurement | Personalised content | Develop and improve services | Use precise geolocation data | Actively scan device characteristics for identification.

Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data; instead, they rely on their legitimate business interests. View our list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have a legitimate interest for and how you can object to it.

Manage
Cookie Settings
Accept All
and Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/t20-world-cup-2024-farooqis-maiden-five-wicket-haul-seals-125-run-win-for-afghanistan-over-uganda/article68249252.ece 
 ----- 
