NBA
Phoenix Suns
How Devin Booker could've been 'better' in Suns blowout loss to Kings

Devin Booker reveals how he could've been 'better' in the Suns blowout loss to the Kings

By 

Hayden Cilley

Nov 14, 2024 at 10:35 AM ET

On Wednesday, the Phoenix Suns and Devin Booker dropped the second game of a back-to-back against the Sacramento Kings. For the all-star shooting guard, he scored 18 points on 6-for-16 shooting, with five assists, three rebounds, and two steals.

After the game, he spoke to AZCentral's Duane Rankin about how he could've been ‘better' in the blowout loss to the Kings. “Just playing to our advantage,” Booker said. “They were putting two on the ball every time. I could've done a better job through the night of not trying to force it and get off it and trust my teammates a little bit more.”

Booker isn't joking about putting two on the ball every time. Nearly every time he called for a screen, Booker was trapped and had to force the ball out. Sometimes, he would make the right read and make the defense pay. Other times, he would force a play which resulted in a bad shot or a turnover. 

This performance is an anomaly from what Booker has done this season. With Bradley Beal being injured, as well as Kevin Durant, it forced Booker to do a bit of everything. Not to mention, Jusuf Nurkic was playing hurt, and Grayson Allen was also out for the game.

Devin Booker's performance wasn't the reason the Suns lost to the Kings
Mandatory Credit: Kyle Terada-Imagn Images
Related Phoenix Suns News
Article continues below
3 top Heat trade targets in 2024-25 season
6h
Devin Booker issues firm demand to Suns after upset loss to Hornets
14h
Bradley Beal’s agent breaks silence on no-trade clause amid Suns’ Jimmy Butler rumors
1d
Suns’ Bradley Beal gives brutally honest take on Ryan Dunn starting in his place
1d

Although Booker has a bad game for his standards, a depleted roster and playing on a back-to-back don't help. Not to mention, they flew from Utah to Sacramento late Tuesday night into the early hours of Wednesday. The Suns broadcast explained that the team didn't land in Sacramento until about 1:00 a.m. Throughout the night, they played like they were tired. Also, the Kings shot the ball as well as they have all season.

The Kings shot 64% from the field and 53% from three. During the first 11 games, they struggled with their shot but that wasn't the case on Wednesday. The three-point barrage was too much for Phoenix to handle. Also, the transition game killed any chances of a Suns comeback, especially in the fourth quarter. 

Durant's calf injury put a damper on the team, as well as his MVP run. Not having a true mismatch doesn't help Phoenix, especially when their star guard is being double-teamed. Regardless, a top-tier performance by the Kings was too much for Phoenix to handle. They'll travel to Oklahoma City and take on the Thunder in the second game of the NBA Cup on Friday.

Hayden Cilley joined ClutchPoints in August 2024 as a Phoenix Suns and Mercury reporter, as well as an Associate Editor. Hayden graduated from Arizona State University and recently covered the Mercury for The Next Hoops and PHNX Sports.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Suns’ Mike Budenholzer reveals exact reasons behind Bradley Beal, Jusuf Nurkic benching
2 days ago
Bradley Beal’s agent breaks silence on no-trade clause amid Suns’ Jimmy Butler rumors
1 day ago
Bulls the favorite to swing Bradley Beal trade amid Suns chaos
2 days ago
Suns vs. Hornets prediction, odds, pick – 1/7/2025
1 day ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
2 days ago
Suns vs. 76ers prediction, odds, pick – 1/6/2025
2 days ago
Bradley Beal sends strong reminder to Suns amid Jimmy Butler trade rumors
2 days ago
Stephen A. Smith advocates for Suns Jimmy Butler trade with harsh ‘soft’ criticism
1 day ago
Why Wizards were ultimate winners in Bradley Beal trade with Suns
2 days ago
Suns making shocking Bradley Beal, Jusuf Nurkic moves amid dry spell
3 days ago
Why Bradley Beal didn’t hold back with ‘pissed’ reaction to Suns’ 4-game skid
3 days ago
Devin Booker issues firm demand to Suns after upset loss to Hornets
8 hours ago
Devin Booker
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/suns-news-how-devin-booker-couldve-been-better-blowout-loss-kings 
 ----- 
