Monday, January 13, 2025, 6:23AM |   34°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
1
Pirates select contract of Billy Cook; GM Ben Cherington discusses outlook of organization
Former No. 1 overall draft pick Henry Davis goes back on IL in corresponding move
 
NOAH HILES
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
nhiles@post-gazette.com
 SEP 8, 2024 5:22 PM
7

The Pirates selected the contract of minor-league utilityman Billy Cook, the club announced Sunday. Cook arrived in Pittsburgh on Sunday morning, just hours before the start of Pittsburgh’s series finale against the Nationals at PNC Park. Henry Davis was placed on the 10-day injured list with left hand inflammation retroactive to Sept. 5 as the corresponding move.

Selected in the 10th round of the 2021 draft by the Orioles, the Pirates acquired Cook from Baltimore during the final hour of this year’s trade deadline in exchange for right-handed farmhand Patrick Reilly. Cook, who is 25 years old, comes from an Orioles farm system that is rated the third best in baseball by MLB Pipeline. MLB Pipeline rates Cook as the No. 24 prospect in the Pirates minor-league system.

“He’s just a player who seems to be coming into his game and improving,” Pirates general manager Ben Cherington said Sunday on his weekly radio show. “He’s just a baseball player — really smart, heady, hard-working baseball player. He’s got a really good way about him. We’re excited that he will get an opportunity here, get a little bit of exposure to the major leagues.”

Cook has been solid at the plate in 2024, slashing .275/.375/.474 (.849 OPS) with 17 home runs and 74 RBIs over 115 minor-league games this season. His offensive production carried over upon his arrival in the Pirates system, batting .276 with five home runs, 21 RBIs and an .875 OPS in 30 games with Triple-A Indianapolis. Batting from the right side of the plate, Cook boasts favorable splits, with an .804 OPS against right-handers and a .982 OPS against lefties.

 
Noah Hiles
Pirates minor league report: High-A Greensboro begins postseason

In addition to his productive bat, Cook also provides defensive versatility, having logged more than 50 games at first base, second base and each of the three outfield positions throughout his minor-league career. Cook has primarily played in the outfield during his time in Indianapolis, making eight starts in center field, seven in left field and five in right field. He also started six games at first base.

“We identified him as someone who we liked the defense,” Cherington said. “He can play all three outfield spots, including center field, at an above-average level, we believe. He’s in there at first base [Sunday]. Really, really versatile player.”

Davis, meanwhile, is back on the injured list for the second time this season. The first overall pick in the 2021 draft, Davis is hitting .144 with a .454 OPS in 37 big-league games this season. After being recalled from Triple-A Indianapolis on Aug. 26, Davis went just 2 for 19 at the plate. His last extra-base hit in the big leagues came on June 12, a home run against the Cardinals.

Cherington reviews organization

With the end of this minor-league baseball season around the corner, Cherington opened his radio show Sunday afternoon discussing the state of the Pirates organization.

“I think we’re improving,” Cherington said. “Also we’re not improving by enough yet — and not fast enough. I think all of that is true. We’re getting better. We see that in how players are coming onto the major-league team and how that sets us up. But at some point, at the same time, I believe it was Bill Parcells who said, ‘You are who you are who you are.’ You’ve gotta be honest about that. What it’s telling us is that we need to improve more. We need to make that improvement. We need to make that improvement faster, all the time.”

MLB Pipeline currently ranks the Pirates farm system No. 20 out of 30 teams. At this time last year, the same outlet ranked the Pirates farm system as the second best in baseball. The organization began the 2024 season ranked No. 9. But despite this fall, which partially accounts for a handful of players — Paul Skenes and Jared Jones the most notable — graduating from prospect status, Cherington is still happy with the organization’s depth.

“We’ve graduated a lot of players from the minor leagues to the major leagues in the last two years — a lot of players who are now on the team, contributing, getting better,” Cherington said. “Some of who have already moved into pretty prominent roles, some are still trying to earn that and some are back in Triple-A trying to fix some things.

 
Andrew Destin
David Bednar named Pirates’ Roberto Clemente Award nominee for 3rd straight year

“ ... I think, in terms of the position player group, it’s the deepest we’ve been at the highest levels certainly since I’ve been with the Pirates. Now, not all of those players have developed into contributing major-league players yet. There are guys who are still working through things. But just in terms of the overall depth of position player talent, I do think it’s the deepest we’ve had since I’ve been with the Pirates.”

German clears waivers

Domingo German, who was designated for assignment on Thursday, has cleared waivers and had his contract assigned outright to Triple-A Indianapolis, the Pirates announced Sunday. German, a 32-year-old right-hander, pitched in seven games for the Pirates this season, going 0-1 with a 7.84 ERA.

First Published: September 8, 2024, 5:22 p.m.

Noah Hiles covers the Pirates for the Post-Gazette. He previously covered Pitt athletics.
  nhiles@post-gazette.com
  @_NoahHiles
 RELATED
 
Andrew Destin
Pirates Pipeline: Analyzing farm system’s top performers — and prospects with more to prove
 
Noah Hiles
Pirates swept by Nationals in doubleheader
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
A&E
Melessie Clark named Post-Gazette Performer of the Year
LOCAL
'We're not going anywhere': How the Latino community pulled Beechview back from the brink of crisis
NEWS
Obituary: Richard J. Garber | Co-creator of iconic poison prevention logo Mr. Yuk
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 8:59pm  Gerry Dulac
2
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
SPORTS
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:19am  Ray Fittipaldo
5
BUSINESS
U.S. Steel-Nippon deal given six-month reprieve
 Mon, Jan 13, 2025, 2:14am  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
Justin Berl/Getty Images
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Nikita Kucherov and Lightning steal a win from the Penguins, more takeaways from their latest loss
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/08/ben-cherington-billy-cook-call-up-mlb-playoffs-shelton-skenes-german/stories/202409060097 
 ----- 
