MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jared Jones strikes out 9 in Pirates' 7-3 win over Nationals
Updated Sep. 8, 2024 5:01 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PITTSBURGH (AP) — Jared Jones cruised through seven innings, striking out nine, as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Washington Nationals 7-3 on Sunday for a split of the four-game series.

Jones (6-7) allowed two runs and four hits, all coming in the first two innings. The 23-year-old rookie right-hander retired 16 straight to end his outing, striking out five of the final six.

“Just saying ‘F it.' I gave up two runs in two innings. What's the worst that could happen?” Jones said. “I blacked out, to be honest, after the fourth (inning). So, can't tell you how I felt.”

CJ Abrams led off the game with a homer to right-center, his 19th, off a slider left over the heart of the plate.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

“We've seen (Jones) give up runs and then walk a guy. He didn't,” Pittsburgh manager Derek Shelton said. “He got himself out of jams, so it was very impressive. ... I think it's a big step for him, just continuing to mature."

The lead was erased when the Pirates scored four runs in the bottom half.

Joey Bart sent a liner to left off a cutter from Patrick Corbin (5-13), a two-run home run for his 13th of the season. Billy Cook, who was 2 for 4 in his major league debut after being selected from Triple-A Indianapolis, then dropped a two-run double just inside the left-field line.

“It meant everything,” Cook said. “This is what I've worked really hard for and dreamed about as a little kid, talked to my friends and family about. It still feels surreal to be here, but I'm glad it happened. We'll keep going. But you get one debut, that's what they all say. It was definitely one to remember.”

Corbin worked six innings, surrendering seven runs and 10 hits with five strikeouts.

Order New Blinds Online & Get $199 Home Installat ion
Get the best online prices on blinds & shades. Order now and add installation at checkout for $199.
Blinds.com™|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Ahorra en el iPhone 14 Plus. Amarillo maravilloso.
Llévate el iPhone 14 Plus por nuestra cuenta. Con una linea en myPlan.  (Unlimited Welcome min. $65/mes con Auto Pay (+ impuestos y cargos) por 3...
Verizon Wireless|Sponsored
Bill McCartney, who coached Colorado football to only national title, dies at 84
Bill McCartney, a three-time coach of the year in the Big Eight Conference who led Colorado to its only football national championship in 1990, has died. He w...
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.

Andrew McCutchen led off the third with his 19th home run, sent 397 feet to the left-field bleachers, after Jacob Young cut into the Pirates’ lead with a two-out RBI single in the second.

Alika Williams led off Pittsburgh’s half of the fourth with a double and beat a throw from second baseman Luis García Jr. to score on a fielder’s choice from Bryan Reynolds.

Michael A. Taylor pushed the lead to five runs on a leadoff home run in the sixth, driven 419 feet to left-center off Corbin’s slider for his 100th in the majors.

Andrés Chaparro hit an RBI double off Pirates reliever Carmen Mlodzinski in the ninth after James Wood led off with the single, Washington's first hit since Young's second-inning single.

“I think the kid settled down a little bit,” Nationals manager Dave Martinez said of Jones. “Fastball is electric. His breaking ball is pretty good. He started to throw more breaking balls, off balance a little bit. We just couldn't get anything going offensively until late again, the bats start coming around later. Just wasn't enough.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Pirates: C Henry Davis was placed on the 10-day injured list, retroactive to Sept. 5, with left hand inflammation. The 24-year-old first overall draft pick from 2021 has hit .191 with eight home runs and 29 RBIs in two major-league seasons, including .144 with one homer and five RBIs in 37 games this season.

UP NEXT

Nationals: LHP MacKenzie Gore (8-11, 4.32 ERA) will start Tuesday, the first of a two-game home set against the Braves. RHP Reynaldo López (8-5, 2.04 ERA) is in line to start for Atlanta.

Pirates: Rookie RHP Paul Skenes (9-2, 2.13) will take the mound Monday to start a three-game series against Miami. RHP Valente Bellozo (2-2, 3.78) will go for the Marlins.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Pittsburgh Pirates
Major League Baseball
Washington Nationals
Jared Jones
Joey Bart
Andrew McCutchen
Patrick Corbin
Washington Nationals
Pittsburgh Pirates
MLB - Washington Nationals vs. Pittsburgh Pirates - 09/08/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/jared-jones-strikes-out-9-in-pirates-73-win-over-nationals 
 ----- 
