NBA
Charlotte Hornets
LaMelo Ball powers Hornets past Rockets for first win

The Hornets are a different team with a healthy LaMelo Ball.

By 

Jerry Donatien

Oct 24, 2024 at 10:57 AM ET

The Charlotte Hornets continued their home opener win streak with a comeback win against the Houston Rockets. Charlotte has won its last four season debut games, the longest active streak in the NBA. LaMelo Ball also returned to the regular season after playing just 22 games in the 2023-24 season. He finished with 34 points, eight rebounds, and 11 assists to remind everyone he's one of the elite guards in the game when healthy.

LaMelo Ball on getting their first win on the road
Troy Taormina-Imagn Images

The Hornets were down by as many as 18 points in the second half of this game, but LaMelo Ball spurred their comeback. He poured 12 of his 34 points in the fourth quarter.

“First games, you wanna come out and just set a tone, so had to get that first win,” Ball said.

He also set the tone early with a blocked shot and turned defense into offense. New head coach Charles Lee wants to build an identity on the defensive side of the ball. If Ball embodies that, everyone else should follow suit. Ball mentioned how important it is to be a two-way player.

“Pretty much competing, trying to play both sides of the ball. It just helps the team.”

Charles Lee his first win as Hornets head coach

The Hornets rookie had coach secured his first win in a hostile environment on Wednesday night. After being hired in the offseason, Ball was happy to help coach Lee secure his first W.

“It's great. You come in and got your first real game, so you definitely want to win,” Ball said. “New coach, new everything. We're trying to build a whole new thing, so just to come in and get that first win, it's a blessing.”

Related Charlotte Hornets News
Article continues below
3 Top Hornets Trade Targets in 2024-25 Season
9h
Lakers-Hornets game postponed amid wildfires
1d
Hornets vs. Lakers prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
1d
3 top Heat trade targets in 2024-25 season
1d

After an 18-point comeback, it is a blessing for the Hornets that they managed to dig deep and win this game for their new coach. It was the team's gritty defense on one end and relying on Ball or Tre Mann, who finished with 24 points off the bench, to handle things offensively that allowed the team to close the gap.

LaMelo Ball is the ‘engine' that runs this team

After securing his first win, Charles Lee described LaMelo Ball as the “engine” for this team. Ball stayed humble, though when he was asked what he thought about his coach's comments.

“I think we all just gotta go out there and compete. Play every game like it's our last and just try to win.”

No matter how you slice it, Coach Lee is spot on. With Ball in the lineup and healthy enough to contribute, he is the player who can define a season for a young, exciting team. As the season continues, Charlotte will continue to lean on Ball's production to get tough wins like they did against Houston.

What's next for Charlotte?

The Hornets will continue their road trip with one stop in Atlanta to play the Hawks on Friday before heading back to Charlotte for their home opener against the Miami Heat. Charlotte won the season series against the Hawks 3-1 a season ago, but they were swept by the Heat, which will make for an interesting next few games.

Jerry Donatien is ClutchPoints' Charlotte Hornets beat reporter. He has been with CP since 2018 and also does voiceovers on different sports stories. He worked NBA All-Star weekend in 2019 and 2023, the NCAA woman's tournament, and he interned with Beasley Media group.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
3 top Heat trade targets in 2024-25 season
1 day ago
Suns vs. Hornets prediction, odds, pick – 1/7/2025
2 days ago
Lakers-Hornets game postponed amid wildfires
20 hours ago
Hornets’ LaMelo Ball shares powerful message after ending 10-game skid in Suns stunner
2 days ago
Hornets vs. Lakers prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
22 hours ago
3 Top Hornets Trade Targets in 2024-25 Season
2 hours ago
Is LaMelo Ball playing vs. Cavs? Latest Hornets injury update
4 days ago
Hornets’ LaMelo Ball drops confident take after stunning win vs. Suns
2 days ago
Hornets organization issue apology amid intense backlash over PS5 blunder
3 weeks ago
Hornets vs. Cavaliers prediction, odds, pick – 1/5/2025
5 days ago
Hornets vs. Pistons prediction, odds, pick – 1/3/2025
1 week ago
Is LaMelo Ball playing vs. Bulls? Latest injury update
1 week ago
LaMelo Ball
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/hornets-news-lamelo-ball-powers-hornets-past-rockets-first-win 
 ----- 
