Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with $5 per month
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Jamie Leweling marks his debut for Germany by scoring the winner against the Netherlands. Photograph: Hollandse Hoogte/Shutterstock
Nations League
 This article is more than 2 months old
Nations League: Leweling enjoys dream debut as Germany beat Netherlands
This article is more than 2 months old
Germany victory puts them on course to top group
Di Lorenzo scores twice in Italy win against Israel
Agencies
Mon 14 Oct 2024 18.07 EDT
Share
20

Stuttgart’s Jamie Leweling enjoyed a dream Germany debut, scoring the winner in their 1-0 victory over the Netherlands in the Nations League on Monday to secure his country’s spot in the next round.

The 23-year-old had put the ball in the net in the second minute but his effort was ruled offside. He did it better in the 64th, firing into the top corner after the Dutch failed to clear a corner.

Wilson edges Wales to victory over Montenegro to extend Bellamy run
Read more

Before kick-off in Munich, Germany held a farewell tribute for Ilkay Gündogan, Manuel Neuer, Thomas Müller and Toni Kroos following their retirements from international football. There was also a a minute’s silence in memory of Johan Neeskens and Dieter Burdenski after their recent deaths.

Germany had the visitors on the backfoot from the start, creating chances for Tim Kleindienst and Maximilian Mittelstädt as the Dutch struggled to find any way into the game. The hosts came close through with Serge Gnabry before Leweling drilled in the winner. The visitors, who were missing Virgil van Dijk through suspension, failed to muster a shot on target in the first period but improved after the break and both Xavi Simons and Donyell Malen had major chances to snatch a scarcely deserved point in the closing stages.

“We won as a team. I scored but we played a good game and I am happy to have helped,” Leweling said. “The Dutch are a big team. We let them run, we kept possession and used our chances to score.”

Germany are top of Group A3 with 10 points from four matches and are guaranteed a spot in the next round, with the Dutch five points behind in second place. In the same group, two goals from the Liverpool midfielder Dominik Szoboszlai gave Hungary a 2-0 win over Bosnia in Zenica to move level on five points with the Netherlands.

View image in fullscreen
Dominik Szoboszlai jumps for joy after scoring one of his goals for Hungary. Photograph: Armin Durgut/AP

Italy’s defender Giovanni Di Lorenzo scored twice in a 4-1 home win over Israel in Group A2 as Luciano Spalletti’s side put one foot in the quarter-finals. The win in Udine kept Italy top of the pool with 10 points, one ahead of France, who beat third-placed Belgium 2-1 thanks to two goals from Randal Kolo Muani. Italy need at least one point from their two remaining games to guarantee a place in the next round.

The Italy striker Mateo Retegui broke the deadlock by firing a penalty into the top corner in the 41st minute, while after the break Di Lorenzo headed the second from Giacomo Raspadori’s free-kick. Mohammad Abu Fani pulled a goal back for Israel direct from a corner before Federico Dimarco set up Davide Frattesi for Italy’s third and Di Lorenzo sealed the win with a low shot from the edge of the box. Daniel Maldini, son of the great Paolo, came on in the second half to make his debut for Italy.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Group B4 leaders Turkey strengthened their grip on top spot with a fine second-half performance to sink Iceland 4-2 in Reykjavík. Goals from Irfan Kahveci, Hakan Calhanoglu, Arda Guler and Kerem Akturkoglu – all after the hour mark – beat the hosts, who led through a ninth-minute strike from Orri Óskarsson and saw Andri Gudjohnsen make it 2-2. In the same group, Harry Wilson’s penalty was the only goal in Wales’s 1-0 home win over Montenegro in Cardiff.

Group B1 leaders Georgia were beaten 1-0 at home by Albania thanks to a 48th-minute effort by Kristjan Asllani but second-placed Czech Republic failed to take full advantage as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Ukraine in Wroclaw.

Slovakia extended their unbeaten run at the top of Group C1 with a 3-1 win in Azerbaijan, while Sebastian Nanasi scored twice as second-placed Sweden coasted to a 3-0 win in Estonia.

Explore more on these topics
Nations League
Germany
Netherlands
Italy
Hungary
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/oct/14/nations-league-jamie-leweling-germany-netherlands-football 
 ----- 
