Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
BREAKING NEWS
Owner of 'miracle' Malibu mansion reveals why he thinks house survived raging fire
MLB
Francisco Alvarez, Brandon Nimmo smack big homers in Mets’ blowout win over Phillies
By Dan Martin
Published Sep. 14, 2024, 2:33 a.m. ET
8

PHILADELPHIA — The Mets’ lineup has ridden Francisco Lindor’s MVP-type season and Mark Vientos’ emergence for much of the year and the duo has helped get them into playoff position, but for the team to make noise in October, they’ll need more from the rest of the offense.

Brandon Nimmo and Francisco Alvarez have been two of the primary culprits in what’s been wrong, but they both showed signs of breaking out in Friday’s 11-3 win over the Phillies at Citizens Bank Park.

They each hit three-run homers in the fifth inning off Aaron Nola, who didn’t give up a hit through the first four innings.

Francisco Alvarez (right) celebrates with Tyrone Taylor after belting a three-run homer in the fifth inning of the Mets’ 11-3 win over the Phillies on Sept. 13, 2024.
Jason Szenes for the New York Post

Alvarez hit his shot out to left, knocking it off the foul pole, to give the Mets a 3-0 lead and Nimmo followed later in the inning on a 3-2 curveball.

Somewhat lost in the team’s stunning turnaround has been the continued struggles of both hitters, as Alvarez had gone deep just twice over his previous 52 games before hitting homers in his last two to give him eight on the year and Nimmo hadn’t homered since Aug. 18.

Their slumps have extended beyond just power, as Alvarez had a .501 OPS during those 52 games, while Nimmo’s OPS was .546 in his previous 50 games prior to Friday.

Before the game, Carlos Mendoza noted Alvarez’s better at-bats over the last week, especially against fastballs.

On Friday, he turned on an inside knuckle-curve that was several inches off the plate.

“I stayed inside the ball to see if I [could] keep it fair,’’ Alvarez said.

Brandon Nimmo belts a three-run homer in the fifth inning of the Mets’ win.
Jason Szenes for the New York Post

“He’s in position to make good swing decisions and do damage,’’ Mendoza said of the catcher. “He’s getting to a spot mechanically where he’s ready to fire.”

Nimmo, meanwhile, has been dealing with pitchers attacking him differently based on his success during the final two months of last season and an impressive June this year.

That June breakout was followed by an ugly two months and he’d gone 20 games without a homer before hitting No. 19 on Friday.

“It’s my turn to make an adjustment,” Nimmo said of pitchers getting the better of him recently. “This was a good night. I don’t know if it was a culmination. I hope not. I hope it’s very evident when I do come around.”

8

What do you think? Post a comment.

As Mendoza said of Nimmo producing: “It was good for him. Good for all of us.”

FILED UNDER BRANDON NIMMO  CARLOS MENDOZA  FRANCISCO ALVAREZ  NEW YORK METS  9/14/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Trump Finally Spills The Tea On His Viral Moment With Obama
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Concerned JLo Staying In Touch With Ben Affleck Amid Wildfires
PageSix.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/14/sports/francisco-alvarez-brandon-nimmo-smack-homers-in-mets-win/ 
 ----- 
