Skip to content
Subscribe Now
30°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Pennsylvania News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Philadelphia Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gasbuddy
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Hurts clears concussion protocol and will start wild-card game against Green Bay January 10, 2025 at 3:41 pm
SPORTSMLBPHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Parent: Taijuan Walker plays starring role in Phillies’ revival win over Mets
Phillies pitcher Taijuan Walker, seen Aug. 28 against Houston, threw three solid innings Saturday that were vital to a 6-4 win over the Mets. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
By ROB PARENT | rparent@delcotimes.com | The Delaware County Daily Times
PUBLISHED: September 14, 2024 at 8:52 PM EDT

PHILADELPHIA — The Phillies came back from the dead to beat the previously hard-charging Mets on Saturday, 6-4.

Bryce Harper woke up everybody – including himself – with two home runs. Last time he’d hit one beyond a fence was on Aug. 9.

Cal Stevenson, another of the several “who’s that?” guys called up from Lehigh Valley, supplied a game-winning, two-run double, then saved that lead by leaping to bring back a homer over the centerfield fence hit by J.D. Martinez.

Of all the high-water marks for the Philles Saturday, one was perhaps overshadowed. Rob Thomson noticed, however.

“Taijuan saved us with the three innings he gave us,” the Phillies manager said. “The stuff was (better); the fastball velocity was up, the split was good.”

Yes, that Taijuan Walker, the should-be starting pitcher who on this day at least contributed to a win. He lasted three scoreless innings of relief and looked more than competent the entire time. Walker, last seen as a starter losing 10-0 to Houston at the end of August, hadn’t been seen in a very good light as a September reliever. He came in Saturday after the latest fifth strater called up, Kolby Allard, looked very much like a minor leaguer against the Mets in a three-inning stint.

Allard, who in the first inning looked like he’d eaten about a box too many Wheaties for breakfast, took a while to calm himself down. By that point the Mets were up 4-0 and looking very much like the streaking team that steamrolled Aaron Nola the night before.

True, the Phillies came into this game with a seven-game lead over the Mets in the National League East, but the way they looked Friday night and for much of the first five innings Saturday, there were a few very-older fans suffering crazy visions of a 1964 season they still can’t talk to their grandkids about.

Proud Canadian baseball pioneer Thomson isn’t from the right city or the right country or even right time (well, almost) to recall that famed Phillies meltdown of 60 years ago. But he wouldn’t have thought it anyway.

“They have short memories,” he said of his Phillies.

Even Walker, whose every baseball memory of 2024 has been more of a nightmare, can start to forget now. What he can also do is look ahead, for he finally has started to make a case to have Thomson include him on a playoff roster.

“That’s the goal,” Walker said.

His goal after taking over for what Thomson called the “erratic” Allard was to just find a little success and give so many thousands of visiting Mets fans a reason to chill their entertaining arrogance for a while.

Walker came in with the Phils down four and worked clean fourth, fifth and sixth innings, while Harper set about slapping his offense awake. Harper hit his long-awaited homer in the fourth to get the Phils to within three, then clubbed another one in the sixth, a two-run shot off a full count that cut the Mets lead to one.

It also brought everyone to the point of forgetting all those nervous thoughts of the Mets – who had won 12 of their previous 14  – successfully playing catchup. At least for now, anyway.

“I was trying to keep the momentum going and get quick outs and keep us in there,” Walker said. “Any way I can help the team. I don’t think I’ve done a good job helping the team this year, so any way I can help. I’m happy I was able to do it today. It was a big win for us.”

The victory came because once Harper got them rolling, the Phillies went into attack mode. That was especially true of Stevenson, the unlikely hero in center who had the game-winning double in the seventh, his second go-ahead base knock of the week, and the game-saving catch in the eighth. The Phillies bullpen took care of the rest.

It all seemed to be a refresher course for how quickly this club can strike when given the chance, even when all seems to be trending downward.

That includes the former No. 5 starter-turned-reliever who still believes he has a place on this team.

Contact Rob Parent at rparent@delcotimes.com

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Cheapest Way Iowa Seniors Over 55 Are Getting a Brand New Walk-in Tub
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
The Bra Designed by a 70-year-old Grandma is Taking Iowa by Storm!
Dotmalls
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
Nightly Cure: How Your Bedtime Routine Can Reset Nerve Damage
2025 Neuropathy Guide
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
Easy Belly Fat Removal in Council Bluffs - No Surgery Needed! (See Prices)
Fat Removal
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health News | Diabetes
Banks Offering Council Bluffs Homes at Massive Discounts. Don't Miss Out!
Real Estate Sales
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Popular Foods You Should Never Eat After 50, Say Dietitians
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Delaware County Prison outbursts: aggravated assault, pushing guard, illegal tattoo maker
Delaware County Prison outbursts: aggravated assault, pushing guard, illegal tattoo maker
Cold Plunge Philly new chill place to hang out in Havertown
Cold Plunge Philly new chill place to hang out in Havertown
State police corporal from Havertown charged with having porn on work computer
State police corporal from Havertown charged with having porn on work computer
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
Pennsylvania State Police liquor report: 1 Delaware County establishment cited
Pennsylvania State Police liquor report: 1 Delaware County establishment cited
Chester man pleads guilty to assaulting mail carrier
Chester man pleads guilty to assaulting mail carrier
No criminal charges filed against ex-West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
No criminal charges filed against ex-West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
Chester man charged in head-on collision with Uber on Route 291
Chester man charged in head-on collision with Uber on Route 291
Lower Chi man accused of stabbing woman, kicking her off roof formally arraigned
Lower Chi man accused of stabbing woman, kicking her off roof formally arraigned
Boys Basketball: Springfield zones in on Ridley’s defense, cruises to victory
Boys Basketball: Springfield zones in on Ridley’s defense, cruises to victory
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Phillies have no plans to pitch prized prospect Painter in spring training
Phillies have no plans to start Andrew Painter in spring training following injury
Phillies add bullpen depth with 1-year deal for Joe Ross
Phillies add depth to bullpen with 1-year deal for right-hander Joe Ross
2024
September
14
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Public Notices
Jobs
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Sitemap
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Patriot Item
The Reporter
The Trentonian
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.delcotimes.com/2024/09/14/parent-taijuan-walker-plays-starring-role-in-phillies-revival-win-over-mets/ 
 ----- 
