SIGN IN

SPORT | FOOTBALL

Italy vs Belgium LIVE! Nations League result, match stream and latest updates today
Spoils shared in enthralling game
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
 
JONATHAN GORRIE
10 OCTOBER 2024

Italy were held to a 2-2 draw by Belgium on Thursday after Lorenzo Pellegrini was sent off as they squandered a 2-0 lead in Nations League A Group 2.

Italy scored in the first minute when winger Federico Di Marco fired a low cross into the box and Belgium keeper Koen Casteels saved the first shot from Andrea Cambiaso who bundled in the rebound.

Italy doubled the lead in the 24th minute when Di Marco volleyed the ball across the field to Cambiaso who was denied a second by Casteels but striker Mateo Retegui knocked in the loose ball.

Italy midfielder Pellegrini was sent off for hitting Belgium's Theate following a VAR review and Belgium immediately hit back.

Maxim De Cuyper halved the deficit, curling in a shot from the edge of the box after a free kick routine. Belgium equalised in the 61th minute when Leandro Trossard poked home from close range.

READ MORE

Trossard rescues dramatic point for Belgium as Italy throw lead away

England vs Greece: Prediction, kick-off time, team news, odds and h2h

England ratings vs Greece: Pickford suspect in goal with Foden peripheral

SPONSORED

Why Pittsburgh should be on your Stateside holiday bucket list

Italy vs Belgium latest news

Trossard rescues dramatic point for Belgium as Italy throw lead away

Live updates

10 OCTOBER 2024
Good night!

Thanks for joining Standard Sport’s LIVE coverage of Italy’s dramatic 2-2 draw with Belgium in the Nations League.

Find our full match report below!

10 OCTOBER 2024
Trossard rescues dramatic point for Belgium as Italy throw lead away

Italy threw a two-goal lead away to draw with Belgium in the Nations League.

The Azzurri first looked to have picked up where they left off following last month’s productive international break in which they beat France and Israel, taking the lead within the opening 90 seconds through Andrea Cambiaso.

The Juventus full-back turned in a fine driven cross from Federico Dimarco, who helped tee up the second. Inter star Dimarco played a fizzing volleyed cross-field pass to Cambiaso, whose shot was saved but fell to Atalanta striker Mateo Retegui to expertly tuck in the rebound.

Luciano Spalletti’s side were in cruise control but their grip on the game slipped following a red card to Roma midfielder Lorenzo Pellegrini. Initially only booked for a challenge on Arthur Theate, a VAR review condemned Pellegrini to a dismissal.

Read our full match report here!

GETTY IMAGES
10 OCTOBER 2024
FT: Italy 2-2 Belgium

It’s over! Spoils are shared after a thrilling game in Rome.

10 OCTOBER 2024
Italy 2-2 Belgium

88 mins: Italy want a late penalty after Frattesi’s shot is blocked with what they think is a hand.

Nothing given...

10 OCTOBER 2024
Italy 2-2 Belgium

87 mins: All hands to the pump for Italy now. Belgium are pressing.

10 OCTOBER 2024
Italy 2-2 Belgium

Italy changes...

10 OCTOBER 2024
Italy 2-2 Belgium

70 mins: Huge chance for Belgium!

Openda just misses the target after a ball back from Doku.

10 OCTOBER 2024
Italy 2-2 Belgium

65 mins: What a game this is now!

Italy undone by a silly red card and set-pieces but Belgium will not care. They can sense a statement win.

10 OCTOBER 2024
GOAL! Italy 2-2 Belgium | Leandro Trossard '61

61 mins: GOAL!

Belgium are level! Trossard nips in to turn in Faes’ header back across goal following a corner.

10 OCTOBER 2024
Italy 2-1 Belgium

58 mins: Doku has moved flanks now and is starting to get more involved, seeing his shot blocked.

LATEST
OLDER

MORE ABOUT

ITALY
BELGIUM
NATIONS LEAGUE

Have your say...

VIEW
COMMENTS
Recommended by
NEWS
SPORT
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
CULTURE
GOING OUT
HOMES & PROPERTY
COMMENT
The London Standard
Archive
All Topics
All Authors
Newsletters
Terms of use
Contact Us
Modern Slavery Act
Syndication
Privacy Notice
Privacy Options
Cookie Policy
Code of conduct and complaints
Advertisers
Promotion Rules
Contributors
London Live
The Independent
The Independent US
indy100
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.standard.co.uk/sport/football/italy-vs-belgium-live-stream-nations-league-2024-latest-score-result-watch-tv-team-news-b1187102.html 
 ----- 
