NBA
Charlotte Hornets
Tre Mann shares true feelings about crucial role for Hornets

The Hornets have found a leader for their bench.

By 

Jerry Donatien

Oct 31, 2024 at 8:13 AM ET

The Charlotte Hornets earned their first home win of the season against the Toronto Raptors 138-133. Charlotte was up by more than 20 points at one point in the first half, but they blew that lead along with a few others throughout the game. Thankfully for them, Tre Mann and the bench helped lead the team to a victory.

Tre Mann on his pivotal role with the Hornets

As the leader of the second unit, Mann has the trust of his teammates and coaches to operate as the focal point on offense. So far, it's paid off for them.

“It feels good that they trust me,” Mann said. “They're giving me confidence, my coaches, teammates, that I can just go out there and just play. I feel like when I'm playing free, that's my best basketball, and they just let me go out there and play free. We kinda allowed that run to start, and we gotta be better. I take responsibility for that because I'm the point guard in the 2nd unit. It comes with a lot. I'm super that I'm here playing my game.”

Mann finished with a team-high 27 points off the bench. Charlotte's bench unit outscored Toronto's 72-30 in Wednesday night's matchup. That was fueled by Mann's play as he kept hitting timely shots to put his team back on top and eventually secure the lead.

Tre Mann wants the team to embrace his motto
Sam Sharpe-Imagn Images

The Hornets ultimately got this win but giving up leads in this league gives teams life to eventually steal games. The Raptors had a few key runs that helped make this game close, despite it shaping up to be a blowout early on. Mann wants his team to learn how to close games out better moving forward.

“Just turn the knife,” Mann said. That's one thing I like to say for myself, but it's perfect for the team. When you have a team down, don't just stab them, turn the knife. Execute more, play harder defense, communicate more, things like that. It's gonna happen. The best team gives up runs. I was proud we were able to course correct and get the win. When we do get in that position again, I feel like this helped us grow, and we'll be ready for it again.”

Related Charlotte Hornets News
Article continues below
Lakers-Hornets game postponed amid wildfires
20h
Hornets vs. Lakers prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
22h
3 top Heat trade targets in 2024-25 season
1d
Hornets’ LaMelo Ball shares powerful message after ending 10-game skid in Suns stunner
2d

There were six lead changes and four ties in this game. So Mann is right, and the Hornets kept their foot on the gas, they might have been able to avoid those must-score situations that made the fans in the building tense up as they watched each possession play out.

Charles Lee gives Mann his props

Outside of LaMelo Ball, Charles Lee has another capable scoring option in Mann at the guard spot. He gave him a huge shout-out after putting on a show.

“It's huge for us to have a guy like that can score in bunches,” Lee said about Tre Mann. “If they wanna pressure Melo and put their best defender on Melo, now all of sudden Tre can be our secondary ball handler. Whether he's initiating a set or putting him in the corner for a pin-down, he gives you another element. It loosens up the defense. He's a great weapon for us to utilize.”

What's next for the Hornets?

Charlotte hosts the defending champion Boston Celtics in their next two games. They have a back-to-back on Friday and Saturday.

Jerry Donatien is ClutchPoints' Charlotte Hornets beat reporter. He has been with CP since 2018 and also does voiceovers on different sports stories. He worked NBA All-Star weekend in 2019 and 2023, the NCAA woman's tournament, and he interned with Beasley Media group.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
2 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
1 day ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
2 days ago
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
9 hours ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
1 day ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
3 days ago
3 best D’Angelo Russell destinations if Nets move on after Lakers trade
3 days ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
3 days ago
LaMelo Ball
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/hornets-news-tre-mann-true-feelings-crucial-role-charlotte 
 ----- 
