Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 Soccer
News
Scores/Schedule
Premier League
MLS
NWSL
Concacaf
Champions League
Liga MX Apertura
Liga MX Clausura
Bundesliga
Serie A
LALIGA
Ligue 1
The Cooligans
World Cup
…
Big NFL Saturday on tap
Burnes to D-backs on $210M deal
Browns restructure Watson contract
Greg Gumbel dies at 78
Bowl schedule and results
The Herald News
Portugal beats Croatia in UEFA Nations League, Cristiano Ronaldo breaks another record
O Jornal
Thu, Sep 5, 2024·1 min read

LISBON – Portugal beat Croatia (2-1) today in a Group A1 match of UEFA Nations League 2025 at the Estádio da Luz in Lisbon.

A goal from Diogo Dalot in the seventh minute and another from Cristiano Ronaldo in the 34th minute gave Portugal a two-goal lead, but Croatia reacted before the break and reduced the deficit in the 41st minute with an auto goal from Diogo Dalot.

Portugal's Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates scoring their second goal in the A1 Group match of the Nations League at Estádio da Luz in Lisbon, Portugal, Sept. 5, 2024.

Cristiano Ronaldo was visibly overcome with emotion as he bagged his 900th career goal during the match, becoming the first player in soccer history to do so.

Portugal and Croatia are in Group A1, which also includes Poland and Scotland. This is the first edition of the Nations League in which the top two teams will go through to the quarterfinals.

This article originally appeared on The Herald News: UEFA Nations League: Portugal beats Croatia, Ronaldo sets another record

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Eli Manning, Adam Vinatieri, Antonio Gates among 15 modern-era finalists for Pro Football Hall of Fame Class of 2025

Manning, Vinatieri, Luke Kuechly, Terrell Suggs, and Marshal Yanda are among the first-time finalists.

52m ago
Yahoo Sports
Basketball Hall of Famer Isiah Thomas reveals Bell's palsy diagnosis

Thomas said the condition is temporary and should improve over time.

14m ago
Yahoo Sports
LB Shaquil Barrett returns to Buccaneers five months after surprise retirement

Barrett had been on the Dolphins' reserve/retired list until he was waived this week

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Mavericks-Suns brawl ends with 3 ejected after punch thrown

Jusuf Nurkić and Naji Marshall got into it on Friday.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns restructure Deshaun Watson's contract for 3rd time in 3 seasons

Watson is set to carry cap hits of $72.9 million for both the 2025 and 2026 seasons.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
A typical Kings move: Firing of Mike Brown brings more questions than answers about the direction of the franchise

Does anyone trust the Kings and their vision for the direction of the team moving forward?

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Chelsea slip up against Fulham, Manchester United display lack of leadership & New Year’s resolutions!

Christian and Alexis react to Chelsea’s shock last minute loss to Fulham. Then, Christian and Alexis break down the other Boxing Day fixtures including Liverpool’s win to Leicester City. Later, Christian and Alexis give a few premier league clubs some resolutions for 2025.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Athletics president Dave Kaval resigns after leading team out of Oakland

The architect for the Athletics' move to Las Vegas is not sticking around for Las Vegas.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Scottie Scheffler to miss PGA Tour's season-opening tournament after puncturing hand while preparing Christmas dinner

Scheffler is expected to be out for three to four weeks after requiring surgery to treat the injury.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eric Dickerson isn't rooting for Saquon Barkley to break his single-season rushing record: 'Absolutely not'

Even if Barkley doesn't catch Dickerson, he can still become the ninth running back to get 2,000 yards in a season.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports and HOMAGE partner on the perfect gear to honor your fantasy football league’s champ (and loser)

Fantasy football managers can celebrate (or mourn) their seasons with the signature Yahoo Fantasy Collection from HOMAGE.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: 6 players who could help win you a championship in Week 17

The Yahoo Fantasy team gives its most steadfast predictions for fantasy championship week.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football Week 17 Start 'Em, Sit 'Em

Set your Championship Week lineups with start/sit advice from every game on the Saturday and Sunday slate in Week 17.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Keys to a fantasy football victory in Week 17

Dominate championship week with Sal Vetri's keys to a fantasy football victory in Week 17.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bears interim coach says there was 'no confusion' in timeout-wasting sequence: 'I just changed my mind'

Even by Bears standards, this loss to the Seahawks was a frustrating one.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Seahawks-Bears: Seattle keeps playoff hopes alive with 6-3 win over Chicago in one of NFL's worst games of 2024 season

Anyone watching Thursday night’s game knows that neither team can be pleased with what they saw from their quarterback.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Saturday tripleheader: What's at stake in Chargers-Patriots, Broncos-Bengals and Rams-Cardinals

The NFL used flex scheduling to get three matchups with playoff ramifications, and you can watch all three games on NFL+.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Delaware State hires ex-NFL WR DeSean Jackson as its next head coach

Jackson last appeared in an NFL game in 2022. Delaware State has won just two games over the past two seasons.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
2025 NFL mock draft 3.0: Giants go QB at 1, and which CFP standouts will be 1st-rounders?

Cam Ward or Shedeur Sanders in New York? Does Ashton Jeanty squeeze into the first round? Check out Nate Tice and Charles McDonald's third 2025 mock draft, just in time for the holidays.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles coach Nick Sirianni apologizes to Commanders' Zach Ertz for Week 16 postgame spat

Sirianni was reportedly rankled by Ertz enthusiastically high-fiving him after their game.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/portugal-beats-croatia-uefa-nations-211616089.html 
 ----- 
