Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Charlotte Hornets Release 2-Year NBA Player After Heat Game
The Charlotte Hornets have waive Duane Washington Jr.
Ben Stinar | Oct 9, 2024
Jan 19, 2019; Charlotte, NC, USA; A detail view of the center court logo for Classic Night game between the Charlotte Hornets and the Phoenix Suns at Spectrum Center. Mandatory Credit: Jeremy Brevard-Imagn Images / Jeremy Brevard-Imagn Images

On Tuesday evening, the Charlotte Hornets hosted the Miami Heat in North Carolina.

The Hornets won by a score of 111-108 to improve to 1-1 in the preseason.

Duane Washington Jr. finished the victory with five points while shooting 2/7 from the field in 11 minutes of playing time.

After the game, the Hornets announced that they have waived the former Ohio State star.

Via Charlotte Hornets PR: "OFFICIAL: The @hornets have waived guard Duane Washington Jr., who appeared in two preseason games with the team."

Washington Jr. has spent two seasons in the NBA with the Indiana Pacers and Phoenix Suns.

His career averages are 9.1 points, 1.5 rebounds and 1.9 assists per contest while shooting 39.1% from the field and 37.1% from the three-point range in 79 regular season games.

Jan 21, 2023; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Phoenix Suns guard Duane Washington Jr. (4) drives to the basket against Indiana Pacers guard Chris Duarte (3) in the first half at Footprint Center. Mandatory Credit: Mark J. Rebilas-Imagn Images / Mark J. Rebilas-Imagn Images

Washington Jr. did not play in the NBA last season.

He had been acquired by the Hornets as part of the Karl-Anthony Towns three-team trade with the New York Knicks and Minnesota Timberwolves.

Via ESPN's Bobby Marks: "Charlotte announced that they have waived Duane Washington Jr.

Washington Jr. was acquired as part of the Karl-Anthony Towns trade to New York.

The Hornets received cash from NY to offset his $2.2M salary this season.

Years 2 and 3 of the contract were non-guaranteed."

The Hornets will play their first game of the regular season on October 23 when they visit Jalen Green and the Houston Rockets in Texas.

Last season, they missed the NBA playoffs for the eighth straight year.

Published Oct 9, 2024|Modified Oct 9, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/charlotte-hornets-release-2-year-nba-player-after-heat-game-washington-jr 
 ----- 
