Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Charlotte Hornets' biggest area of concern after two preseason games
Evaluating the biggest area of improvement for the Hornets following first two preseason games.
Ali Jawad | Oct 9, 2024
Jim Dedmon-Imagn Images
In this story:
Charlotte Hornets

The Charlotte Hornets displayed a performance full of highs and lows, when defeating the Miami Heat 111-108 in their second preseason game on Tuesday night.

Charlotte experienced a decrease in overall shooting compared to their first game against the New York Knicks. In their matchup against the Heat, the Hornets finished 35-for-92 from the field (38%), including a disappointing 14-for-51 from three-point range (27.5%).

Despite the team's overall struggles, there were several standout individual performances. LaMelo Ball, in particular, had a strong showing, shooting 7-15, including 6-12 from beyond the arc, and amassing 24 points, six rebounds, four assists, one block, and one steal.

Meanwhile, rookie forward Tidjane Salaun demonstrated why the Hornets chose him sixth overall in the recent draft. In his second game, the French player scored 15 points, grabbed eight rebounds, and made three assists while shooting 4 for 7 from three-point range.

“He’s making plays on both sides," said head coach Charles Lee. "He’s asking me to guard every position on the floor. He has that competitiveness to him that I really enjoy, that I think his teammates really enjoy.

Despite their victory over the Heat and struggles shooting deep, the Hornets have displayed a concerning trend in their first two preseason games: ball security. Charlotte has committed 43 turnovers, leading to 59 points against them.

Last season, the Hornets were middle of the pack with ball security, committing a total of 1,129 turnovers, which ranked 13th in the league. This translated to an average of 13.8 turnovers per game.

While the Hornets have shown flashes of brilliance in other areas of their game, their inability to protect the ball early could prove to be a major obstacle for a young team as they prepare for the regular season.

MORE STORIES FROM HORNETS ON SI

Charles Lee explains why he's fired up by Hornets performance despite loss to Knicks

NBA GMs predict a breakout season for these two Hornets

What Cody Martin's injury means for the Hornets' preseason plans

Evaluating LaMelo Ball's first game back with Hornets since injury

Published Oct 9, 2024
ALI JAWAD

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hornets/news/charlotte-hornets-biggest-area-of-concern-after-two-preseason-games 
 ----- 
