Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

SOCCER/ China keeps its World Cup hopes alive despite a 1-0 loss to South Korea

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

June 12, 2024 at 11:35 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

Singapore's Mahler William, left, fights for the ball with Thailand's Supachok Sarachat during World Cup Asia qualifying match at Rajamangala national stadium in Bangkok, Thailand, June 11, 2024. (AP Photo)

China kept its 2026 World Cup hopes alive by the narrowest of margins despite a 1-0 loss to South Korea on Tuesday in Asian qualifying.

China advanced to the third qualification round because Thailand, needing to beat Singapore by three goals, only won 3-1.

South Korea finished the second round of continental qualifying atop Group C and remains on course for an 11th straight World Cup appearance.

Six of the 18 Asian teams in the next stage will secure automatic spots at the World Cup. Two more teams will earn direct entry to the World Cup from a fourth stage in Asian qualifying and another will go into intercontinental playoffs for a spot at the global tournament.

In front of 65,000 fans at Seoul World Cup Stadium, Lee Kang-in scored in the 61st minute. A cross from Tottenham star Son Heung-min found its way to the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder, who scored on a low shot from near the penalty spot.

“We were able to keep China from creating any dangerous chances,” Son said. “There’s no such thing as a perfect match, but we stayed patient and capitalized on our chance to win. Obviously, we could have won by a bigger margin, but overall, everyone did a great job.”

China needed a draw or better to ensure second place in the group but was forced to wait and hope that Singapore could avoid a three-goal loss in Bangkok.

China's only appearance at a men's World Cup so far was in 2002, when the tournament was co-hosted by South Korea and Japan.

At the Rajamangala Stadium, Suphanat Mueanta put Thailand ahead in the first half, and Ikhsan Fandi equalized just before the hour.

Thailand made it 3-1 on goals from Poramet Arjvirai and Jaroensak Wonggorn but couldn't find the key fourth goal.

“I feel disappointed that we didn't make it to the next round,” Suphanat said. “I have to apologize to the football fans and all Thai people … there were so many opportunities.”

There was also heartbreak for the India squad. India needed to beat Group A leader Qatar to be sure of progressing but lost 2-1 in Doha after scoring the first goal. Kuwait scored in the 81st minute to top Afghanistan 1-0 and take second spot with seven points from six games.

Earlier, in a contest between teams already confirmed as first and second in Group I, Australia beat the Palestinian team 5-0 in Perth to make it six wins out of six and a 22-0 goal difference.

Socceroos forward Kusini Yengi scored twice, including the contentious penalty in the opening minutes that upset the Palestinian team, and 18-year-old Nestory Irankunda capped it with a late penalty.

A crowd of 18,261 fans attended the match in the Western Australia capital, with Palestinian supporters more vocal than the Socceroos fans.

Indonesia progressed with a 2-0 win over the Philippines in Group F.

North Korea took advantage of Syria's 5-0 loss to Japan, which did not concede a goal in the six games, to take second place in Group B with a 4-1 win over Myanmar.

Oman and Kyrgyzstan progressed from Group D. Iran and Uzbekistan also made it into the third round which will kick off in September, along with Jordan and Saudi Arabia. Jordan finished atop Group G with a come-from-behind 2-1 upset over the Saudis.

Related News

SOCCER/ Japan beat N. Korea in Asian qualifying for 2026 World Cup

March 22, 2024

SOCCER/ A huge audience as India, China World Cup qualifying hopes are on the line

June 10, 2024

SOCCER/ South Korea draws with Malaysia and avoids knockout clash with Japan at Asian Cup

January 26, 2024

SOCCER/ China beats South Korea to win Women’s Asian Cup

February 7, 2022

SOCCER/ Oman shocks Japan 1-0, Iraq holds South Korea to 0-0 draw

September 3, 2021

SOCCER/ Japan prepares to host and then travel to N. Korea for back-to-back FIFA World Cup qualifiers

March 19, 2024
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Couple revered for Japanese language test to keep going ...
Uranium, fuel rod casing found in Fukushima nuclear debris
Heavy snow to hit eastern and western Japan through Dec. 29
Mt. Fuji’s vehicle ban may expand to tour buses and taxis by 2026
Hachiko-like tribute to Ishi, ‘grandpuppy’ of all living Shiba
JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos
Japan to require TB testing for entrants from 6 countries
JAL slapped with administrative guidance over boozy pilot pair
Hayao Miyazaki criticizes Japan wartime past in award speech
VOX POPULI: A future with no gorillas in Japanese zoos could be in cards
Videos

Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace

December 29, 2024

JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos

December 25, 2024

Government to enforce stricter PFAS standards in water systems

December 24, 2024

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15302296 
 ----- 
