Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things To Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Go and Do Calendar
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Senior Living
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Today’s Ads
Jobs
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBADETROIT PISTONS
Cunningham scores a season-high 40 and Pistons win 3rd straight, 119-105 over Timberwolves
1 of 5

Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) collides with Minnesota Timberwolves forward Jaden McDaniels (3) while driving to the basket during the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Jan. 4, 2025, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Duane Burleson)

By DANA GAURUDER
UPDATED: January 4, 2025 at 10:22 PM EST

DETROIT (AP) — Cade Cunningham scored a season-high 40 points and the Detroit Pistons overcame Anthony Edwards’ career-high 53 points to beat the Minnesota Timberwolves 119-105 on Saturday night.

RELATED ARTICLES
Cunningham’s triple-double leads Pistons to 123-114 victory over slumping Raptors
Surging Pistons receive massive support from Lions during home game vs. Warriors
Hield scores 19, as Warriors bounce back with 107-104 win to snap Pistons’ win streak
Malik Beasley scores 23 and Pistons win 5th straight, 113-98 over Nets
Cade Cunningham leads Pistons’ rally for 118-115 win over Blazers and rare .500 record
Cunningham, who also had nine assists, set his previous season high of 35 points against Milwaukee on Nov. 13.

Edwards’ previous career high was 51 points against Washington on April 9 last season. His 3-pointer with 9:25 remaining tied his career best but he didn’t score again until 22 seconds remained.

Malik Beasley had 23 points as the Pistons won their third straight and sixth in their last seven games. Tobias Harris contributed 16 points and 11 rebounds and Ausar Thompson added 10 points, 10 rebounds and a career-best six steals.

Julius Randle was the only other Minnesota player in double figures with 17 points.

Takeaways

Timberwolves: A Western Conference finalist last season, they appeared to be heating up with three straight victories late last month. They’ve now lost three in a row to drop back to the .500 mark (17-17).

Pistons: With starting guard Jaden Ivey sidelined by a fractured fibula, the Pistons may have found his replacement in the lineup. Thompson gave that unit a defensive spark that energized their transition game.

Key moment

Detroit had a five-point lead after the first quarter and extended it to 18 with a 13-0 run to start the second. Cunningham had six points and an assist while Thompson made two steals and dunks during that span. The Pistons led the rest of the way.

Key stat

Edwards had been held to 20 or fewer points in eight of the previous 14 games. His previous season high was 37 points against Portland on Nov. 8.

Up next

The Timberwolves host the Los Angeles Clippers and the Pistons host Portland on Monday night.

Originally Published: January 4, 2025 at 10:21 PM EST
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
The Bra Designed by a 70-year-old Grandma is Taking Nevada by Storm!
Dotmalls
Diabetologist Stunned: This Lowers Blood Sugar Like Crazy! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Reeling!
tardive
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
Best Winter Hat I've Ever Owned
Fanyil
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive | Search Ads
Hair Loss is Not From Age or Genetics: Meet the Main Enemy
WG Hair Restore
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
What Causes Tnbc (Find out More!)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Learn More!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Nancy Mckeon Steps out With Her New Partner and Fans Are Stunned
rankupwards
Surgeon: Easy Method Relieves Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) - Stop Doing This
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Caitlin Clark And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
vetob
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in Las Vegas(See the Cost)
Fat Removal
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Mother of missing Warren woman believes her daughter is deceased
Mother of missing Warren woman believes her daughter is deceased
Former Shelby Twp. priest receives same sentence for molesting teen
Former Shelby Twp. priest receives same sentence for molesting teen
Detroit rapper arrested in Sterling Heights
Detroit rapper arrested in Sterling Heights
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Macy's to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Woman accused of biting police officer after fatal crash now charged with murder
Woman accused of biting police officer after fatal crash now charged with murder
Former Fraser city employee repays all $90,000 she stole
Former Fraser city employee repays all $90,000 she stole
Rams, Eagles using Lions as motivation
Rams, Eagles using Lions as motivation
UPDATE: Homeless man found inside 7-Eleven didn’t freeze to death, family says
UPDATE: Homeless man found inside 7-Eleven didn't freeze to death, family says
Raising Cane’s fast-food eatery eyes vacant space on Hall Road
Raising Cane's fast-food eatery eyes vacant space on Hall Road
Former Eastpointe City Manager Doom could serve in interim role
Former Eastpointe City Manager Doom could serve in interim role
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT PISTONS
Cunningham’s triple-double leads Pistons to 123-114 victory over slumping Raptors
Surging Pistons receive massive support from Lions during home game vs. Warriors
Hield scores 19, as Warriors bounce back with 107-104 win to snap Pistons’ win streak
Malik Beasley scores 23 and Pistons win 5th straight, 113-98 over Nets
2025
January
4
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
e-Edition
Sign Up For Newsletters
IOS app
Android app
CLASSIFIEDS
Real Estate
Jobs
Autos
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Share Your News
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Daily Tribune
Oakland Press
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.macombdaily.com/2025/01/04/cunningham-scores-a-season-high-40-and-pistons-win-3rd-straight-119-105-over-timberwolves/ 
 ----- 
