NBA
San Antonio Spurs
Spurs' Victor Wembanyama earns league's best defender title from NBA GMs

As Victor Wembanyama prepares for his sophomore season, NBA GMs think the Spurs sensation is already one of the league's best.

By 

Hector Ledesma

Oct 13, 2024 at 8:23 PM ET

San Antonio Spurs star Victor Wembanyama found himself all over the annual survey of NBA general managers conducted by NBA.com. He topped three categories, Best player to start a franchise with, Best Defender and Best Interior Defender.

The poll also saw Wemby receive votes as the league's Best Power Forward, get three percent of the vote in both the Best Center and Best International Player categories, tie for third place in the Most Versatile category, and tie for second in both the Most Versatile Defender and Most Likely to Have a Breakout Season questions.

Wemby's Spurs came in second as the Team that Will Be Most Improved this season and fourth as the Team with the Most Promising Young Core. Both nods are only possible because of the reigning unanimous Rookie of the Year's presence.

Victor Wembanyama atop list of franchise starters

By a whopping 77%, the 7-foot-5 phenom tops all players NBA general managers would want to start a team. The rest of the list looks like this:

T-2. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, Thunder – 10%
T-2. Nikola Jokic, Nuggets – 10%
4. Luka Doncic, Mavericks – 3%

Jokic, a two-time NBA Most Valuable Player and Finals MVP, got the top spot in this category last year with 33%.

It's actually not a surprise that Wembanyama finished number one here. If anything – with respect to the other outstanding players on this list – that anyone else received votes may surprise. By just about every account, from analysts and many fans, the 20-year-old has a very good opportunity to go down as one of the game's absolute greats. Along these same lines, he nearly topped the Player Most Likely to Have a Breakout Season poll.

1. Jalen Williams, Thunder – 13%
T-2. Evan Mobley, Cavaliers – 10%
T-2. Ja Morant, Grizzlies – 10%
T-2. Victor Wembanyama, Spurs – 10%
T-5. Paolo Banchero, Magic – 7%
T-5. Cade Cunningham, Pistons – 7%
T-5. Brandon Miller, Hornets – 7%

Related San Antonio Spurs News
Article continues below
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs and Clippers-Hornets Saturday games due to LA wildfires
6h
Spurs fans can’t stop buzzing about Victor Wembanyama’s outfit before Bucks game
1d
Spurs’ Chris Paul sends fiery message after 5th straight loss
3d
Spurs vs. Bucks prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
3d
Wemby Voted Best Defender By GM's
Daniel Dunn-Imagn Images

The French phenom beat out his fellow country man as the Best Interior Defender in the NBA according to the general managers.

1. Victor Wembanyama, San Antonio – 40%
2. Rudy Gobert, Timberwolves – 37%
3. Anthony Davis, Lakers – 10%
4. Bam Adebayo, Heat – 7%

It stands to reason then, that Wemby also finished first as the Best Defensive Player in the NBA.

1. Victor Wembanyama, Spurs – 40%
T-2. Bam Adebayo, Heat – 10%
T-2. Rudy Gobert, Timberwolves – 10%
T-2. Jrue Holiday, Celtics – 10%
T-5. Giannis Antetokounmpo, Bucks – 7%
T-5. Anthony Davis, Lakers – 7%
T-5. Herb Jones, Pelicans – 7%

It marked yet another landslide win for the Spurs star center in a year that comes with huge expectations, including from some who know the league best.

Hector Ledesma has been covering the Spurs in San Antonio since 2005, and now at ClutchPoints. An award-winning journalist born and raised in San Antonio, Hector has worked across all types of television and radio platforms. He attended Syracuse University, and also covers the NBA at large.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Spurs’ Chris Paul sends fiery message after 5th straight loss
2 days ago
Spurs’ Gregg Popovich return timeline unclear after suffering mild stroke
1 month ago
Spurs vs. Bucks prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
3 days ago
Spurs fans can’t stop buzzing about Victor Wembanyama’s outfit before Bucks game
1 day ago
Gregg Popovich’s message to Spurs in wake of mild stroke
1 month ago
Spurs’ Victor Wembanyama reveals who’s to blame for overtime loss to Nuggets
5 days ago
Mitch Johnson calls out Spurs for ‘lack of respect’ vs. Bulls
3 days ago
Victor Wembanyama gets brutally honest on Spurs’ inability to close out games
3 days ago
3 Top Spurs Trade Targets in 2024-25 Season
5 days ago
NBA makes final decision on controversial Kings vs. Spurs moment
1 month ago
The mind-blowing David Robinson mark Victor Wembanyama has reached through 100 games
6 days ago
NBA rumors: Spurs, Pistons among potential Brandon Ingram trade suitors
1 week ago
Victor Wembanyama
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/spurs-news-victor-wembanyama-leagues-best-defender-title-nba-gms 
 ----- 
