Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Phoenix Suns
Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct. 13, 2024
Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct. 13, 2024
By
Aharon Abhishek
Modified Oct 13, 2024 11:13 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct. 13, 2024

The Phoenix Suns hit the road to play their penultimate preseason game against the Denver Nuggets at the Ball Arena on Sunday (Oct. 13). The tune-up skirmish outcomes don't count, but the Nuggets went 0-2 in their Abu Dhabi preseason slate against the Boston Celtics. They will now hope to bounce back to winning ways and up the intensity when they take on the 2-1 Suns.

The Nuggets are favorites to finish in the top four once again this season. Despite doing away with their championship-winning core, they are still pegged as a side that can go the distance primary due to their key names, Nikola Jokic and Jamal Murray.

They have two more precision tools, Aaron Gordon and Michael Porter Jr to continue their chemistry. Throw in former MVP and explosive guard Russell Westbrook, Denver is a side that boasts of experience and versatility.

Trending

Phoenix was expected to win the title last season. Bradley Beal was acquired to facilitate playmaking and be the perfect foil alongside Kevin Durant and Devin Booker. The result was a dismal first-round exit at the hands of the Minnesota Timberwolves who swept them 4-0. Between Beal's injury woes and an inconsistent defense, the Suns never rose to the challenge despite the firepower.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Jokic and co. were outclassed by the T-Wolves in the second round. They had no answer to their opponents' elite defense and Anthony Edwards' scoring prowess. Now, they enter another year of the Jokic era where winning a title is the only expectation.

The Suns had a good run against the Nuggets last season winning two of their three games. The question is if Denver can get past their West rivals this time around.

Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets preview, predicted starting lineups, odds, and prediction

The Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets matchup tips off at 8:30 pm EDT. Local coverage will be on the NBA app with a subscription to the NBA League Pass. Here's a quick look at the odds as listed at the time of writing:

Teams	Spread	Moneyline	Total (o/u)
Phoenix Suns	+5	+165	o217 (-110)
Denver Nuggets	-5	-200	u217 (-110)

Note: Odds are subject to change closer to tip-off

Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets preview

The Suns don't necessarily come in as title contenders, but with new coach Mike Budenholzer at the helm, they have some serious creativity loading on offense. But their defense is still their bane. They didn't make upgrades on the front and neither Tyus Jones nor Monte Morris come in as lockdown defenders. Their hopes on both ends of the floor depend on what their 'Big 3' of Durant, Booker, and Beal can do.

To be fair, if the Phoenix Suns can have an average defense, and make up for it like the Dallas Mavericks did with their blitzkrieg offense last season, this team can string at least 50 wins — a number good enough to get to maybe a No. 5 seed. That said, they are an upset threat. Taking any member of their top trio for granted despite their weaknesses can be a mistake. The Suns have already looked good in their preseason, but the larger picture is still addressing the chink in the armor.

The Nuggets are perhaps one of the most versatile teams in the league. In Jokic, they have a big with the playmaking acumen of a point guard, and that one-man freight train can cause plenty of problems. In Murray, Jokic has a pick-and-roll partner who can easily notch up wins against quality teams. Losing Kentavious Caldwell-Pope in the summer might not really bother them as much.

Gordon, Porter Jr., and Westbrook are electric and that adds to the ammo the Nuggets need. The mercural guard has been good in the preseason outings and they will hope Westbrook can continue that form for a good chunk of the regular season where winning becomes a norm as it was during their title run.

The concern for the Nuggets will be health. With Murray missing ample games to injuries, they cannot afford to thin down an already leaner roster. This will be the season that determines the future of the core that remains.

Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets predicted starting lineups

The Suns will field Beal at SG with Tyus Jones expected to play point guard. Royce O'Neal and Kevin Durant take over frontcourt duties. Mason Plumlee comes in as center.

Phoenix Suns Injuries: The Suns will be without Devin Booker (ankle), Josh Okogie (hamstring), Jusuf Nurkic (finger), and Grayson Allen (Achilles).

The Nuggets will most likely stick to their lineup of Jamal Murray and Christian Braun at PG and SG respectively. Aaron Gordon and Michael Porter Jr. will form the frontcourt and Nikola Jokic comes in at the five.

Denver Nuggets Injuries: Per ESPN, Peyton Watson (hamstring) is listed as DD.

Phoenix Suns vs Denver Nuggets prediction

The banged-up Phoenix Suns go in with a lot of reliance on Beal and Durant. The Denver Nuggets haven't played their best ball in Abu Dhabi and will be looking to add a W in the results column. They have the depth to get past the Suns and that will be the most likely outcome. Chalk up a win for the Nuggets on Sunday.

Nuggets Fan? Check out the latest Denver Nuggets depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA Denver Nuggets Phoenix Suns Kevin Durant Nikola Jokic
Edited by Aharon Abhishek
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/phoenix-suns-vs-denver-nuggets-preseason-game-prediction-preview-oct-13-2024 
 ----- 
