Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Victor Wembanyama
Is Victor Wembanyama playing tonight against Utah Jazz? Exploring star sophomore’s status for preseason game (Oct. 12)
Is Victor Wembanyama playing tonight against Utah Jazz? Exploring star sophomore’s status for preseason game (Oct. 12)
By
John Ezekiel Hirro
Modified Oct 13, 2024 00:21 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Is Victor Wembanyama playing tonight? - Source: Imagn

The San Antonio Spurs have bolstered their roster to support star player Victor Wembanyama in his second NBA season. The most significant additions include veterans Chris Paul and Harrison Barnes, along with rookie Stephon Castle, as they look to improve on their 22-60 record from last year.

The Spurs are set to play five preseason games leading up to the regular season. They lost to the OKC Thunder without Wembanyama but secured a win against the Orlando Magic on Wednesday with him in the lineup.

Victor Wembanyama will sit out the Spurs' next game against the Utah Jazz on Saturday, according to coach Gregg Popovich.

Expand Tweet
Trending

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

In his preseason debut, Wembanyama recorded 11 points, nine rebounds, four assists and three blocks, though he struggled with his shooting, going 4 for 15 from the field and missing all five of his 3-point attempts.

One standout play from the game was a lob dunk from Chris Paul to Wembanyama, one of Paul’s three assists that night.

Victor Wembanyama talks about playing with Chris Paul

Chris Paul is well-versed in playing alongside elite big men. He orchestrated the "Lob City" LA Clippers offense with Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan as key pieces.

Over the years, he’s also played with Clint Capela on the Houston Rockets, Steven Adams on the OKC Thunder, DeAndre Ayton on the Phoenix Suns and Kevon Looney with the Golden State Warriors.

Following a challenging one-season run with the Warriors, Paul now teams up with another towering talent in Victor Wembanyama, who stands at 7-foot-4 and is one of the two tallest active players in the NBA, along with Grizzlies rookie Zach Edey.

Reflecting on their first game together and the highlight lob, Wembanyama said:

“Felt very natural. Felt like it was the good play. And he’s making a lot of good plays. (per Fox San Antonio).”

The young star also praised Paul’s influence on the Spurs, noting the importance of having a seasoned veteran like him on the court.

“Being on the court with him certainly feels like he’s got things in control,” Wembanyama said. “It’s reassuring, a little bit. It’s one more teammate I can rely on in tough moments or doubt moments. It’s only positive.”

Last season, Paul averaged a career-low 9.2 points per game, along with 9.4 assists and 4.5 rebounds per contest.

In his preseason debut for the Spurs, Paul finished with five points, three assists and two rebounds in 23 minutes.

Spurs Fan? Check out the latest San Antonio Spurs depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA San Antonio Spurs Utah Jazz Victor Wembanyama NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Google Trends
Edited by R. Elahi
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-is-victor-wembanyama-playing-tonight-utah-jazz-exploring-star-sophomore-s-status-preseason-game-oct-12 
 ----- 
