Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Cleveland Guardians, Detroit Tigers ALDS Game 5 starting lineups for Oct. 12, 2024
Updated: Oct. 12, 2024, 10:41 a.m.|Published: Oct. 12, 2024, 10:26 a.m.

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Matthew Boyd throws against the Detroit Tigers during the second inning of game 2 of ALDS. John Kuntz, cleveland.com

By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio — The Guardians and Tigers face off for the final time in the American League Division Series with the winner advancing to face the Yankees in the ALCS beginning Monday.

Here are the starting lineups for Saturday’s Game 5 between the Guardians and Tigers.

Patrick Mahomes' Blunt Reaction to Antonio Pierce's Firing.mp4

Where: Progressive Field, 1:08 p.m. ET.

TV/radio: TBS, MAX, WTAM 1100 AM, WMMS 100.7 FM, WARF 1350 AM (Spanish) and the Guardians Radio Network will carry the game.

Teams: Guardians (2-2) vs. Tigers (4-2).

Starting pitchers: LHP Matthew Boyd (0-0, 0.00) vs. LHP Tarik Skubal (1-0, 0.00).

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Comparing Cade Smith and Emmanuel Clase to MLB’s elite relievers (Podcast)
Guardians put two pitchers on MLB Network’s list of top 10 relievers right now
Guardians set to exchange salary figures with Steven Kwan, Lane Thomas on Thursday

Who are The 40 Most Influential People in Cleveland Sports when it comes to fan happiness? See our list and how we ranked them.

GUARDIANS

LF Steven Kwan.

DH David Fry.

3B José Ramírez.

CF Lane Thomas.

1B Josh Naylor.

RF Jhonkensy Noel.

C Bo Naylor.

2B Andrés Giménez.

SS Brayan Rocchio.

Andres Gimenez.John Kuntz, cleveland.com

TIGERS

DH Justyn-Henry Malloy.

3B Matt Vierling.

LF Riley Greene.

2B Andy Ibanez.

RF Wenceel Perez.

1B Spencer Torkelson.

CF Parker Meadows.

C Jake Rogers.

SS Trey Sweeney.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/10/cleveland-guardians-detroit-tigers-alds-game-5-starting-lineups-for-oct-12-2024.html 
 ----- 
