Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Golden State Warriors
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
SHOP
CHASE CENTER
MY WARRIORS ACCOUNT
...
(Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)
Stephen Curry Went Captain Clutch Against Captain Klay in Legendary Duel
Curry Scores Final 12 Points to Close Out Mavericks, 15-0 Record After 'Night Night' Celebration
Kalyb Champion
November 13, 202410:55 AM PST

On a night that signified change and a new chapter, Stephen Curry reminded the NBA world that some things haven't changed. The beginning was unique; his Splash Brother, Klay Thompson, entered the visiting locker room at Chase Center for the first time. Curry and Thompson warmed up on opposite sides of the court. The arena was filled with 'Captain Klay' hats to honor the 13-year Warriors legend. A tribute video for Thompson played in the arena, which Curry watched from the tunnel to avoid getting too emotional. 

Curry guarded Thompson throughout the night, exchanging various taunts, words and smiles, including Thompson mimicking Curry's signature shimmy after a 3-pointer. In the end, the reigning Clutch Player of the Year ended the game the way he's ended 12 NBA games and two Olympic games prior, with a go-ahead shot and his iconic 'Night Night' celebration. He has never lost a game that he's pulled out the 'Night Night' (15-0) and Curry's personal 10-0 run, scoring the Warriors' final 12 points, sealed the deal. Curry had now put his last two opponents to sleep with another fourth-quarter takeover to defeat the Oklahoma City Thunder on Sunday. He out-dueled two of the best players at his position in consecutive games — Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and Luka Doncic. Curry joins LeBron James and Michael Jordan in legendary company as the only players age 36-or-older with back-to-back games with 35-plus points. 

Thompson has witnessed Curry's greatness and ability to takeover games as his teammate for over a decade. Tuesday, was his first experience on the other side. 

"It was fun to match up with Steph," Thompson said. "And it hurts to be on the other side of one of his flurries. The guy got hot at the end and made some ridiculous shots and being on the other end, it sucks.” 

Curry's new backourt mate, De'Anthony Melton, was in awe of his greatness down the stretch and happy to be on his side. 

“After he hit that last shot, I just ran straight to Kyle [Anderson] and just said ‘yo he’s crazy’, Melton said. "You know we’ve never been on this side of the spectrum with him before, so just to see it and be on the team where he’s doing it with is special.”

For Curry, the night was about as perfect as it gets. He was able to appreciate and reflect on a special bond he shared with a special teammate while simultaneously closing the game, leading the Warriors to an NBA Cup victory. 

“That’s my guy, my friend, my road dog for 13 years," Curry said of Thompson. "There’s a lot of history so you’re going to have a lot of back and forth. Some of it was competitive, some of it was fun. Thankfully we were all able to focus on the game, hoop and compete. It was a pretty special night all the way around.”

Undoubtedly, the Warriors are without a vital contributor to four championship teams. However, with Curry leading a top-five offense, Green anchoring a top-five defense and the Warriors tied atop the Western Conference standings, the Dubs have reminded the league that much of that championship DNA remains. 

Tags
2024 nba cup
Player Spotlight
STEPHEN CURRY
Related Articles
Stephen Curry Went Captain Clutch Against Captain Klay in Legendary Duel
Stephen Curry Fourth Quarter Takeover Leads Warriors to NBA Cup Victory Over Mavericks
Warriors of the Week: Week 4 'NBA Cup' Edition Nov. 12 - Nov. 15
Stephen Curry Hits Clutch 'Night Night' Dagger in Warriors Win Over Thunder
WARRIORS.COM
GSW Sports LLC
Career Opportunities
My Warriors Account
COMMUNITY
Community Foundation
Donation Requests
STAY CONNECTED
Social Media
Get Mobile App
Insider Email
中文
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/warriors/news/stephen-curry-went-captain-clutch-against-captain-klay-in-legendary-duel-20241113 
 ----- 
