  
Man United vs. Newcastle: 17 hrs 20 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Como vs. LeccePreview: Villa vs. BrightonPreview: Bologna vs. Hellas VeronaPreview: Ipswich vs. ChelseaToday's previews
Home > Football > International friendlies predictions > Netherlands > Features
FOOTBALL
Friday's international friendly predictions including Netherlands vs. Scotland
By Barney Corkhill, Editor
Published: March 22 2024 | 06:00

Ecuador vs. Guatemala (Friday, 12.30am)

© Reuters

Ecuador will host Guatemala in a friendly on Thursday at Red Bull Arena in New Jersey in preparation for the Copa America later this year.

It will be the first match of 2024 for La Tri, who defeated Chile 2-1 in a World Cup qualifier last November, while the Guatemalans lost their only match played this year, 1-0 versus Iceland.

We say: Ecuador 1-0 Guatemala

Ecuador have shown tremendous discipline defensively so far in their World Cup qualifying campaign and have done equally well in close games.

In contrast, the Guatemalans are struggling to find consistency throughout a 90-minute contest, which is why we are giving the South Americans the edge.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Tanzania vs. Bulgaria (Friday, 1.00pm)

© Reuters

Looking to bounce back from a difficult start to the calendar year, Tanzania will pit their wits against Bulgaria on Friday afternoon at Liv Bona Dea Arena during an international friendly.

The Taifa Stars were dumped out of the Africa Cup of Nations after just three matches in January, whilst the Lions are now hoping to improve on their 2023 performances.

We say: Tanzania 1-2 Bulgaria

Tanzania crashed out of AFCON at the group stage but showed the ability to compete with the likes of semi-finalist DR Congo whilst in the competition.

Bulgaria endured a fruitless 2023, but with a host of rising stars within their ranks, we are backing the Lions to start 2024 with a narrow victory.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


N. Macedonia vs. Moldova (Friday, 2.30pm)

© Reuters

North Macedonia and Moldova meet in neutral Turkey for an international friendly at the Mardan Sports Complex in Antalya on Friday night.

Both nations have made huge strides in the 2020s after decades in the wilderness following independence, but neither will compete at Euro 2024 this summer.

We say: North Macedonia 2-0 Moldova

Moldova will do well to replicate the heroics of their squad across Euro 2024 qualifying, despite falling short, and the hosts will come into this one as comfortable favourites.

Home draws with Italy and England in the past 12 months, as well as scoring twice away to the Azzurri, suggests North Macedonia are still a threat like they were heading into Euro 2020, and they will expect to win here.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Nigeria vs. Ghana (Friday, 4.00pm)

© Reuters

Nigeria and Ghana face off in a West African derby at Stade de Marrakech on Friday.

Both nations have endured turbulence since their Africa Cup of Nations campaigns, with Jose Peseiro no longer in situ for the AFCON runners-up, while Otto Addo has returned to the Black Stars dugout.

We say: Nigeria 1-1 Ghana

The spoils could be shared in Friday's derby as both sides are likely to employ caution rather than risk losing, even in a friendly.

With recent changes in both dugouts it could take time for the managers to stamp their mark on their respective teams, so we're going for a draw in this one.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Armenia vs. Kosovo (Friday, 4.00pm)

© Reuters

Aiming to put a halt to their worrying winless run, Armenia will welcome Kosovo to Vazgen Sargsyan Anvan Hanrapetakan Marzadasht on Friday night for a friendly clash.

Havakakan struggled towards the end of 2023 and will look to begin the new calendar year on a stronger foot, whilst the Dardanians are also hoping for a positive 2024.

We say: Armenia 2-1 Kosovo

Armenia have a less-than-ideal end to 2023 but should be confident of starting the new calendar year on a positive note on Friday afternoon.

Kosovo have failed to win any of their last three away matches, and we feel that run will extend to four contests against Havakakan in this one.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Azerbaijan vs. Mongolia (Friday, 4.00pm)

© Reuters

Azerbaijan will be bidding to return to winning ways when they take on Mongolia in an international friendly on Friday evening.

The hosts will enter the contest off the back of a 5-0 loss to Belgium in their final Euro 2024 qualifier, while Mongolia suffered a 1-0 defeat to Afghanistan in a first-round 2026 World Cup qualifier last October.

We say: Azerbaijan 3-0 Mongolia

This is a tough ask for Mongolia, with Azerbaijan the heavy favourites on Friday night. Both managers will make use of their squads in this match, and with the hosts having the superior quality across the board, we are expecting them to comfortably triumph in this friendly encounter.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Norway vs. Czech Republic (Friday, 5.00pm)

© Reuters

Norway welcome the Czech Republic to the Ullevaal Stadion in the capital of Oslo for an international friendly on Friday evening.

While the visitors will have their eyes on the summer's European Championships, Norway have missed out on a major tournament once again, with friendlies the only thing on their calendar over the next few months.

We say: Norway 2-1 Czech Republic

Hasek's role will be to improve the fortunes of Czechia outside of their homeland ahead of the finals in Germany, considering they have won just two of their previous 12 away matches, and this should be a good test.

Norway with Haaland and Odegaard in the ranks cannot be taken lightly, and with home backing, they will fancy their chances of extending their fine run in friendly internationals.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Liechtenstein vs. Faroe Islands (Friday, 5.00pm)

© Reuters

Liechtenstein will be bidding to end a 23-game losing run in all competitions when they take on Faroe Islands in an international friendly on Friday night.

Both teams concluded their Euro 2024 qualification campaigns last November, with Liechtenstein suffering a 1-0 loss to Luxembourg in their final match, while Faroe Islands drew 0-0 with Albania.

We say: Liechtenstein 0-2 Faroe Islands

Faroe Islands have struggled for wins of late, but they are coming up against a team that have lost their last 23 matches. We are not expecting too many goals on Friday evening but believe that Faroe Islands will be able to use their superior quality to claim the victory in the international friendly.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Senegal vs. Gabon (Friday, 7.30pm)

© Reuters

Senegal look to bounce back from a disappointing Africa Cup of Nations title defence when they play Gabon in a friendly match at Stade de la Licorne on Friday.

Aliou Cisse's men suffered an early round of 16 exit at the hands of tournament hosts and eventual winners Ivory Coast, and the Lions of Teranga are back together for the first time since that loss.

We say: Senegal 2-1 Gabon

Cisse's team have more unsurprising outcomes, with their consistency not dropping in competitive or non-competitive fixtures. The same cannot be said for Gabon, whose mixed results reveal a team with oscillating performances and results when the stakes are not as high — and maybe even when they are too.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Romania vs. N. Ireland (Friday, 7.45pm)

© Reuters

Romania and Northern Ireland get their 2024 calendars underway with a friendly international in Bucharest on Friday evening.

While the hosts are continuing their preparations for Euro 2024, the visitors are looking to find some form ahead of the next UEFA Nations League campaign in September.

We say: Romania 3-1 Northern Ireland

With both teams expected to name their strongest sides for this contest, this could prove to be a tough ask for the visitors. While we envisage them having their moments and potentially getting on the scoresheet, it would be a surprise if Romania did not come through with a convincing win.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Netherlands vs. Scotland (Friday, 7.45pm)

© Reuters

Netherlands welcome Scotland to the Johan Cruijff ArenA for an international friendly fixture on Friday evening.

The two nations face off for the first time since June 2021 when they played out a 2-2 friendly draw at the Estadio Algarve in Portugal.

We say: Netherlands 3-2 Scotland

Three or more goals have been scored in eight of the last 10 international matches involving Scotland, while the Netherlands have found the net in each of their last eight fixtures, so goals could be on the cards in Amsterdam.

It remains to be seen how strong both nations will line up for this contest, but the Netherlands should ultimately have enough quality within their ranks to come away with a victory.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Hungary vs. Turkey (Friday, 7.45pm)

© Reuters

Two nations who qualified for Euro 2024 as group winners do battle in an international friendly on Friday, as Hungary play host to Turkey at the Puskas Arena in Budapest.

The two teams meet for the first time since November 2020 when Hungary secured a 2-0 home victory in the UEFA Nations League.

We say: Hungary 2-2 Turkey

Both nations enter Friday's friendly in buoyant mood and in strong form, while they have also had few problems making the net ripple, so an entertaining contest could be in store, albeit depending on the lineups the two teams select.

Hungary have impressed on home soil during a period when Turkey have looked strong on the road, and considering there is little to separate these two nations, a score draw may be on the cards in Budapest.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Albania vs. Chile (Friday, 7.45pm)

© Reuters

Albania square off against Chile in an international friendly at Stadio Ennio Tardini in Parma on Friday evening.

While the Red and Blacks are ranked 64th in the world by FIFA, La Roja find themselves 22 places higher up the standings in 42nd place.

We say: Albania 2-1 Chile

Chile's players will be keen to make a positive impression under new boss Gareca as they bid to avoid going four games without a win or a goal. However, Albania looked strong towards the end of 2023 and we believe they may do just enough to come out on top on Friday.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Egypt vs. New Zealand (Friday, 8.00pm)

© Reuters

Egypt host New Zealand in a FIFA Series encounter at the Cairo International Stadium on Friday, keen to get off to a positive start under Hossam Hassan.

The Pharaohs appointed the Egyptian football legend as Rui Vitoria's replacement after a disappointing Africa Cup of Nations, and the All Whites hope to rain on the new manager's parade.

We say: Egypt 2-1 New Zealand

Egypt should have too much for their visitors, who come into this one on the back of an awful streak of results in friendly games. By contrast, the Pharaohs are near perfect in exhibition matches, giving the hosts the edge in Hassan's first game in charge.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Mali vs. Mauritania (Friday, 8.00pm)

© Reuters

Mali and Mauritania will go head to head at Stade de Marrakech on Friday evening in an international friendly match.

Both sides will take to the pitch for the first time since participating in the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations, as the Lions of Chinguetti will hope to extend their unbeaten run over the Eagles.

We say: Mali 1-1 Mauritania

This friendly might end in a draw. Both teams will likely play cautiously, avoiding defeat even if it's just an exhibition game. Mali's missing their star player in Bissouma which hurts their offensive power, while Mauritania have an incentive to keep their unbeaten run going.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Spain vs. Colombia (Friday, 8.30pm)

© Reuters

Spain and Colombia will continue their preparations for huge summer tournaments with a friendly encounter at West Ham United's London Stadium on Friday night.

Colombia are working towards the 2024 Copa America, which begins towards the end of June, while Spain will compete at the European Championship in Germany, opening their tournament in the middle of June.

We say: Spain 2-1 Colombia

This has all of the makings of a fantastic match, and we are expecting it to be a closely-contested affair. It is always difficult to predict exactly what will happen in friendly matches, especially between teams of this quality, but we are backing Spain to secure a narrow success on Friday night.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match

> How Spain could line up against Colombia


Algeria vs. Bolivia (Friday, 9.00pm)

© Reuters

Algeria will begin their road to redemption this week when they take on Bolivia in an international friendly at the Nelson Mandela Stadium in Algiers on Friday evening.

Both these sides will be looking forward to getting some much-needed game time under their belts ahead of their respective World Cup qualifiers later this year.

We say: Algeria 2-1 Bolivia

While Algeria have not been at their best this year, they still possess a roster packed with talent and will be looking to welcome their new manager to the side with a good performance. Bolivia will not make this easy, but we fancy the hosts to edge the result.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Comoros vs. Uganda (Friday, 9.30pm)

© Reuters

Comoros and Uganda will seek to get one over each other when they face off in an international friendly matchup at Stade de Marrakech on Friday evening.

Both teams are in good form heading into this one with Comoros unbeaten in four matches, while Uganda go in search of a third consecutive victory.

We say: Comoros 1-2 Uganda

There is little to choose between the sides heading into Friday's contest which could easily swing either way. That said, we just about back Uganda to emerge victorious at the end of the 90 minutes.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Morocco vs. Angola (Friday, 10.00pm)

© Reuters

Friday's friendly between Morocco and Angola will be held at Adrar Stadium.

Both sides participated at the just-concluded Africa Cup of Nations, with Walid Regragui's team underperforming while the Palancas Negras made it to the quarter-finals.

We say: Morocco 2-0 Angola

Shorn of two of their top-performing attackers at the Cup of Nations, Angola face a seemingly uphill task in Morocco without pivotal attackers offering the decisive execution to punish the Atlas Lions.

Regragui's team should win this and continue their unbeaten run in non-competitive games.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match


Niger vs. Togo (Friday, 10.00pm)

© Reuters

Two sides in need of a morale-boosting result go head to head on Friday evening as Niger take on Togo in a friendly matchup at the El Bachir Stadium.

Having suffered defeat in their first outings of the year, the two nations will head into the weekend in search of a pick-me-up as they look to gather some momentum before returning to the World Cup qualifiers later in June.

We say: Niger 1-1 Togo

Niger and Togo have stumbled into the new year and will be looking to return to winning ways as they prepare for their next World Cup qualifying outing. We predict both sides will cancel out each other's efforts and settle for a share of the spoils.

> Click here to read our full preview for this match

Written by
Barney Corkhill
Share this article now:

     

Read more about Netherlands Scotland Nigeria Ghana Egypt Spain Ecuador Guatemala Tanzania Bulgaria North Macedonia Moldova Armenia Kosovo Azerbaijan Mongolia Norway Czech Republic Liechtenstein Faroe Islands Senegal Gabon Romania Northern Ireland Hungary Turkey Albania Chile New Zealand Mali Mauritania Colombia Algeria Bolivia Comoros Uganda Morocco Angola Niger Togo International friendlies predictions Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
Did Trent just hint at his future? Defender responds to rumours against West Ham
Salah provides worrying update on contract ahead of January transfer window
Another Salah record! The numbers behind his incredible season with Liverpool
Saka's replacement found? Options to replace injured star assessed
Why did Adams miss Bournemouth's draw with Fulham?
Major coup: Southampton, Ipswich to fight for 64-cap international star?
League Two leaders Walsall win again, as teenage star Lowe downs Newport County
Five wins in a row: Forest push toothless Everton aside to surge into second
Sport News 24/7 
Premier League
7.45pm
	Aston Villa	vs	Brighton
7.45pm
	Ipswich	vs	Chelsea
8pm
	Man Utd	vs	Newcastle
Serie A
5.30pm
	Como	vs	Lecce
7.45pm
	Bologna	vs	Hellas Verona
Primeira Liga
8.15pm
	Famalicao	vs	Santa Clara
League Two
8pm
	AFC Wimbledon	vs	Gillingham
NIFL Premiership
7.45pm
	Ballymena	vs	Glenavon
7.45pm
	Carrick	vs	Crusaders
7.45pm
	Cliftonville	vs	Dungannon
7.45pm
	Linfield	vs	Larne
7.45pm
	Loughgall	vs	Coleraine
7.45pm
	Portadown	vs	Glentoran
Gulf Cup of Nations
2.30pm
	Oman	vs	2nd position Group B
5.45pm
	Bahrain	vs	Kuwait
NFL
1.20am
	Falcons	@	Washington
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
	Team	P	GD	PTS
1	Liverpool	18	28	45
2	Nottingham Forest	19	7	37
3	Arsenal	18	19	36
4	Chelsea	18	17	35
5	Manchester City	19	6	31
6	Bournemouth	19	6	30
7	Newcastle United	18	9	29
8	Fulham	19	3	29
9	Aston Villa	18	-3	28
10	Brighton & Hove Albion	18	1	26
11	Tottenham Hotspur	19	13	24
12	Brentford	18	0	24
13	West Ham United	19	-12	23
14	Manchester United	18	-3	22
15	Crystal Palace	19	-7	20
16	Everton	18	-9	17
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers	19	-11	16
18	Leicester City	19	-20	14
19	Ipswich Town	18	-17	12
20	Southampton	19	-27	6

> Premier League Full Table
1
Ipswich vs. Chelsea injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
2
Spurs to sack Postecoglou? Boss sets unwanted Premier League record in Wolves draw
3
"He's a smiling assassin": Is Amorim right to banish problematic Rashford?
4
Salah provides worrying update on contract ahead of January transfer window
5
Man Utd vs. Newcastle injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
6
Another Salah record! The numbers behind his incredible season with Liverpool
7
Guardiola's glee: Man City beat Leicester in Pep's 500th match to end 2024 on a high
8
Did Trent just hint at his future? Defender responds to rumours against West Ham
9
Why did Adams miss Bournemouth's draw with Fulham?
10
Sunday's Championship predictions including Derby County vs. Leeds United
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/netherlands/international-friendlies-predictions/feature/fridays-international-friendly-predictions-including-netherlands-vs-scotland_539450.html 
 ----- 
