SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
Walid Regragui Announces Morocco’s Lineup for AFCON 2025 Qualifier Against Central African Republic

In the reverse fixture last Saturday, Morocco defeated Central African Republic 5-0 away.

Adil FaouziOct. 15, 2024 6:12 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Morocco faces CAR in AFCON 2025 qualifier tonight.

Doha - Morocco’s national team coach, Walid Regragui, has revealed the starting lineup for tonight’s Africa Cup of Nations qualifying match against the Central African Republic.

The match, part of the fourth round of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers, kicks off at 8 p.m. at the Stade d’Honneur in Oujda.

Morocco’s starting eleven will include Munir El Mohamedi, Achraf Hakimi, Youssef Belammari, Nayef Aguerd, Jamal Harkass, Sofyan Amrabat, Azzedine Ounahi, Eliesse Ben Seghir, Abdessamad Ezzalzouli, Soufiane Rahimi, and Youssef En-Nesyri.

The squad list saw the absence of goalkeeper Yassine Bounou, who was injured in the last match against the same team.

Coach Walid Regragui will rely on the services of Renaissance Berkane goalkeeper Munir El Mohamedi.

Another key change is the inclusion of Youssef En-Nesyri in place of Ayoub El Kaabi from the start.

Morocco, already qualified for the finals of the 2025 AFCON as the host country, aims to continue its winning streak by achieving a fourth consecutive victory to consolidate its lead in Group B.

In the reverse fixture last Saturday, Morocco defeated Central African Republic 5-0 away.

Morocco currently has 9 points, followed by Gabon with four points, then the Central African Republic with three points, and Lesotho at the bottom of the group with a single point.

The Confederation of African Football (CAF) has appointed Guinean referee Naby Lay Toure to manage this match, assisted by his compatriots Sidiki Sidibe and Mamadi Terry as assistant referees, while Bengali Konate will assume the role of fourth official.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco AFCON 2025: Draw Date Set
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
When, How to Watch AFCON’s Uganda vs Congo Qualifier
Walid Regragui: Brahim Diaz is ‘Natural Leader’
Morocco Thrashes Lesotho 7-0 to Cap Dominant AFCON Qualifying Campaign
Morocco Gears Up for Final AFCON Qualifier Against Lesotho
Morocco vs Lesotho: When, How to Watch, Plus Rising Stars to Look Out For in AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Recent
Popular
Comments
Morocco’s Unemployment Rate Rises To 21.3%, New Census Shows

Women, Girls Victims Of ‘Sex Slavery’ In Sudan, Human Rights Watch Says

UM6P’s Second N2 Conference Explores Role Of Global Collective Consciousness

Morocco And Saudi Arabia Forge Digital Transition Alliance At UN Forum

Muslim School Sues French Politician For Defamation

YOU MAY LIKE
Anger, Frustration Over Hakimi’s CAF Awards Omission Despite Remarkable Journey

Morocco Secures FIFA Africa Bureau Headquarters In Landmark Agreement

Morocco To Host U17 Africa Cup Of Nations In 2025 And 2026

Lamia Boumehdi, Sanaa Mssoudy, And Ghizlane Chebbak Earn Top Honors At CAF Awards 2024

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/10/365765/walid-regragui-announces-moroccos-lineup-for-afcon-2025-qualifier-against-central-african-republic 
 ----- 
