SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
Morocco’s Young Stars Shine in 4-0 Rout of Central African Republic

Morocco sealed their fourth straight win in the African Cup of Nations 2025 qualifiers, thrashing the Central African Republic 4-0 in Oujda.

Adil FaouziOct. 15, 2024 8:58 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Morocco’s young stars shine in 4-0 rout.

Doha - The Moroccan national football team continued their winning streak in the African Cup of Nations (AFCON) 2025 qualifiers with a resounding 4-0 victory over the Central African Republic at the Stade d’Honneur in Oujda on Tuesday.

Monaco starlet Eliesse Ben Seghir opened the scoring in the 34th minute with a stunning strike. After receiving a precise pass from Sofiane Rahimi, the youngster’s initial shot ricocheted off the post, but he pounced on the rebound to give Morocco the lead.

Just two minutes later, Ben Seghir doubled Morocco’s advantage with another powerful shot, etching his name in the record books as the youngest player to score a brace for the national team, surpassing Marouane Chamakh’s record.

Soufiane Rahimi continued to orchestrate Morocco’s attacks in the second half, earning a penalty in the 48th minute after a darting run into the box. Youssef En-Nesyri stepped up and calmly slotted the spot-kick into the bottom right corner to make it 3-0.

In the 65th minute, Abdessamad Ezzalzouli added his name to the scoresheet with a sublime right-footed finish, capitalizing on yet another assist from the impressive Rahimi.

This victory marks Morocco’s fourth consecutive win in the qualifiers, having previously defeated Gabon, Lesotho, and the Central African Republic 5-0 in the reverse fixture last Saturday. The Atlas Lions sit atop Group B with a perfect 12 points from 4 matches.

Coach Walid Regragui’s men will look to maintain their momentum and secure their place in the 2025 African Cup of Nations, which Morocco is set to host.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco AFCON 2025: Draw Date Set
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
When, How to Watch AFCON’s Uganda vs Congo Qualifier
Morocco Thrashes Lesotho 7-0 to Cap Dominant AFCON Qualifying Campaign
Morocco Gears Up for Final AFCON Qualifier Against Lesotho
Morocco vs Lesotho: When, How to Watch, Plus Rising Stars to Look Out For in AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Tunisia vs Gambia 2025 AFCON Qualifier
Recent
Popular
Comments
Morocco’s Unemployment Rate Rises To 21.3%, New Census Shows

Women, Girls Victims Of ‘Sex Slavery’ In Sudan, Human Rights Watch Says

UM6P’s Second N2 Conference Explores Role Of Global Collective Consciousness

Morocco And Saudi Arabia Forge Digital Transition Alliance At UN Forum

Muslim School Sues French Politician For Defamation

YOU MAY LIKE
Anger, Frustration Over Hakimi’s CAF Awards Omission Despite Remarkable Journey

Morocco Secures FIFA Africa Bureau Headquarters In Landmark Agreement

Morocco To Host U17 Africa Cup Of Nations In 2025 And 2026

Lamia Boumehdi, Sanaa Mssoudy, And Ghizlane Chebbak Earn Top Honors At CAF Awards 2024

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/10/365769/moroccos-young-stars-shine-in-4-0-rout-of-central-african-republic 
 ----- 
