Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.

No data found

USA and Ireland washed out in Florida: T20 World Cup 2024 – as it happened
United States
v
Ireland
ICC MEN'S T20 WORLD CUP 2024
Match 30
14/06/2024
VenueCentral Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground, Lauderhill
Match abandoned
By Kevin Hand and Manasi Pathak
Published On 14 Jun 2024
14 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Click here to share on social media

This page is now closed. These were the updates as the USA and Ireland were washed out at the T20 World Cup in Florida on Friday, June 14:

Read more
Live updates
Match stats
Lineups
14 Jun 2024 - 18:47 (18:47 GMT)
It’s a wrap!

Thank you for joining us for the live coverage of USA vs Ireland.

The match was called off without a ball being bowled because of rain.

Both teams took a point each, as the USA progressed to the next round. The result also knocked Pakistan out of the tournament even before they could play their final game.

Al Jazeera will be back for the live coverage of the upcoming matches. Follow our ICC T20 World Cup page for all the latest news, analysis, interviews and more from the tournament.

For now, it’s a goodbye from Manasi Pathak and Kevin Hand. See you soon!

Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 18:35 (18:35 GMT)
More to come from Al Jazeera Sport

The live coverage of USA vs Ireland is concluding soon, but we have more live sports waiting for you.

Head over to our live coverage of Germany vs Scotland in football’s European Championship, which kicks off at 19:00 GMT.

Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 18:28 (18:28 GMT)
Which teams have qualified for Super Eights?

India and the USA have qualified from Group A.

Australia have qualified from Group B so far, while Afghanistan and the West Indies have progressed from Group C. South Africa have qualified from Group D.

Thus, two spots are remaining. Check out the standings here.

Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 18:20 (18:20 GMT)
Indians and Pakistanis join hands for USA’s World Cup dream

As many as 11 of the USA’s squad members belong to the bustling South Asian community of Indian and Pakistani heritage.

In an interview with Al Jazeera ahead of the tournament, USA’s head coach Stuart Law said that his team would be aiming to make Americans take notice of their success.

“It’s an opportunity to put on a real show to ignite [an interest in] cricket in this country,” Law said.

You can read more about the USA team in our story Indian and Pakistani cricketers band together for USA’s T20 World Cup dream.

Saurabh Nethralvakar (left), who is of Indian origin, has been a star player of the USA team at the tournament.  [File: Tony Gutierrez/AP]
Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 18:12 (18:12 GMT)
USA’s next opponents

The USA will face South Africa in their first game of the Super Eights, followed by the West Indies. Their third opponent has yet to be decided. It will be the team that finishes second in Group B.

Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 18:07 (18:07 GMT)
USA’s remarkable run

The USA kicked off their campaign with a win over neighbours Canada and then pulled off the biggest upset in the tournament’s history by beating Pakistan in a super over.

They lost to India in the third game but gained a point from the match abandonment against Ireland, securing a berth in the Super Eights for the first time.

Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 18:04 (18:04 GMT)
USA are off to Super Eights for the first time!

What a stunning achievement from the co-hosts!

The USA finish their group phase with five points, coming second in Group A behind India.

With this, they have also sealed qualification for the 2026 T20 World Cup.

Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 17:56 (17:56 GMT)
Ex-Pakistan player Akmal urges chairman to fix issues

Kamran Akmal, the former Pakistan batter and wicketkeeper, has called upon the Pakistan Cricket Board’s chairman, Mohsin Naqvi, to look into the team’s problems.

 

Click here to share on social media
Sign up for Al Jazeera
Americas Coverage Newsletter
US politics, Canada’s multiculturalism, South America’s geopolitical rise—we bring you the stories that matter.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
14 Jun 2024 - 17:52 (17:52 GMT)
Pakistan ‘way off’ from being a good white-ball side, Vaughan says

Ex-England test and ODI captain Michael Vaughan has some harsh words for the Pakistani team.

Click here to share on social media
14 Jun 2024 - 17:46 (17:46 GMT)
Two big teams knocked out

Pakistan are the latest high-profile team to be knocked out of the tournament after New Zealand were also sent home.

Pakistan won the tournament in 2009, while New Zealand are three-time semi-finalists.

Click here to share on social media

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2024/6/14/live-usa-vs-ireland-t20-world-cup-2024 
 ----- 
