News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query

Manage your account

Help
Add or switch accounts
Sign out
Advertisement
Close this content
Entertainment News
Bennifer divorce settled
Tim Allen's 'Shifting Gears'
Jerry Springer documentary
'School of Rock' reunion
Aubrey Plaza
Opera gloves at the Globes
Post Malone $20K tip
Ariana Grande question
Nikki Glaser zings Hollywood
Blake Lively video
Tom Cruise's Son Connor Cruise Shares Rare Glimpse into Private World
E! News
Sat, August 17, 2024 at 8:30 PM UTC
4 min read

Originally appeared on E! Online

Connor Cruise is sharing a rare look into his life away from the spotlight.

The son of Tom Cruise and ex-wife Nicole Kidman posted a couple of pics of himself with friends on his Instagram Stories Aug. 17 to wish them a happy birthday.

In one photo, Connor appears inside a boat with several pals and an enormous fish they'd caught. In another pic, the 29-year-old stands with another friend, who is holding a French bulldog, by a stone balcony overlooking the ocean.

Advertisement

Connor, a DJ who also starred in the 2012 reboot of Red Dawn, and Tom and Nicole's eldest daughter, artist Bella Kidman Cruise, 31, have both largely kept out of the spotlight despite growing up with famous parents, and rarely post on social media.

In June 2023, Connor shared pics of himself with friends at country clubs in Florida, where he lives.

Connor is occasionally seen at fashion events and has in recent years been photographed a few times out with his dad, including in June, when they were seen arriving in London by helicopter.

Connor and Bella are the only children Tom and Nicole, who divorced in 2001, share together. The War of the Worlds actor and ex-wife Katie Holmes are parents of daughter Suri Cruise, 18, who recently graduated from high school and also keeps away from the spotlight.

Advertisement

Nicole and husband Keith Urban are parents to daughters Sunday Rose Kidman Urban, 16, and Faith Margaret Kidman Urban, 13, and have over the past few months begun to bring them to public events, including the recent 2024 Paris Olympics.

More from E! Online

A Complete Guide to the It Ends With Us Drama and Blake Lively, Justin Baldoni Feud Rumors

Michael Oher, Subject of The Blind Side, Speaks Out on Lawsuit Against Tuohy Family

Inside the Love Lives of Emily in Paris Stars

Last summer, Connor made another rare appearance in New York City with Tom and the actor's sister Lee Ann Mapother. That day, the star attended the premiere of Mission: Impossible — Dead Reckoning Part One on his own.

Instagram / Connor Cruise

Connor and Bella are the only children Tom and Nicole, who divorced in 2001, share together. The War of the Worlds actor and ex-wife Katie Holmes are parents of daughter Suri Cruise, 18, who recently graduated from high school and also keeps away from the spotlight.

Advertisement
More in Celebrity
Meghan Markle Announces Devastating Family Loss: 'I Have Cried Too Many Tears to Count'
Parade
Matthew Perry Gifted Lisa Kudrow the ‘Friends’ Cookie Jar in 2004. She Found the Note He Left Inside It 20 Years Later and After His Death: ‘Timing Is Everything’
Variety
J.Lo and Ben Affleck Just Finalized Their Divorce and the Settlement Details Are Fascinating
Cosmopolitan
Patrick Mahomes’ Mom Randi Mahomes Raises Question About Hourly Pay at Dairy Queen
Us Weekly

Nicole and husband Keith Urban are parents to daughters Sunday Rose Kidman Urban, 16, and Faith Margaret Kidman Urban, 13, and have over the past few months begun to bring them to public events, including the recent 2024 Paris Olympics.

Look back at pics of Connor and Bella over the years...

Fishing Trip

Connor shared this pic of himself and his friends with a huge catch in August 2024.




Say Cheese!

Tom, Bella and Connor posed with former NFL player Derrick Brooks when they saw the Tampa Bay Lightning face off against the Florida Panthers.




Teeing Up

Connor was seen golfing with friends in June 2023.

Advertisement




Time to Tee Up Again

Connor went golfing in April 2023.




Big Catch

Connor appeared on a fishing trip in 2019.




In Style

Connor attended the Diesel Womenswear Fall/Winter 2023/24 fashion show during Milan Fashion Week in February 2023.




Selfie Time

Bella appeared in a 2021 selfie.




Babies!

Connor shared this childhood pic of himself with Bella on Instagram in 2019, writing, "Day 1 homies."




Throwback Pic

"Throwback time," Connor captioned this childhood pic of himself and Bella, which he shared on Instagram in 2016.




Connor the Fisherman

Connor appeared on a fishing trip in 2018.




Party Time

Connor posed for pics at The Pool After Dark at Harrah's Resort in Atlantic City New Jersey in February 2016.




Happy Birthday, Connor

Connor celebrated his 21st birthday at The Pool After Dark at Harrah's Resort in Atlantic City New Jersey in February 2016.




Connor the DJ

Connor DJed in the booth at Temple Nightclub in San Francisco in January 2016.




Father-Son Outing at NCAA Women's Final Four

Tom and Connor watched the Maryland Terrapins play against the Connecticut Huskies during the NCAA Women's Final Four Semifinal at Amalie Arena in Tampa, Florida in April 2015.




Down Under

Connor attended the Emirates marquee during Stakes Day at Flemington Racecourse in Melbourne, Australia in November 2013.




Father-Son Outing at Dodger Stadium

Tom and Connor were seen sharing a sweet moment at Game Four of the National League Championship Series at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles in October 2013.




Connor & Bella

The siblings appeared at Connor's 17th birthday party benefiting Children's Miracle Network Hospitals, at the Hyde lounge at Staples Center (now Crypto.com Arena) in Los Angeles in January 2012.




Courtside Seats

Tom, Connor and Jeffrey Katzenberg attended an NBA game between the New Orleans Hornets and the Los Angeles Lakers at Staples Center (now Crypto.com Arena) in Los Angeles in March 2011.




Go Dodgers

Tom and Connor attended a game between the New York Yankees and the Los Angeles Dodgers at Dodger Stadium in Los Angeles in June 2010.




Go Lakers

Tom and Connor were seen at Game Two of the Western Conference Finals between the Phoenix Suns and the Los Angeles Lakers during the 2010 NBA Playoffs at Staples Center (now Crypto.com Arena) in Los Angeles in May 2010.


For the latest breaking news updates, click here to download the E! News App

Advertisement
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
26,742 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Matthew Perry Gifted Lisa Kudrow the ‘Friends’ Cookie Jar in 2004. She Found the Note He Left Inside It 20 Years Later and After His Death: ‘Timing Is Everything’
Variety
“School of Rock ”sweethearts Caitlin Hale and Angelo Massagli are married — and the cast reunited to celebrate
Entertainment Weekly
A Big Social Security Change Proposed by President-Elect Donald Trump May Be Bad News for Retirees
Motley Fool
It’s Obvious Why Trump Actually Wants Greenland
Slate
Greene promises bill renaming Gulf of Mexico ‘ASAP’
The Hill
Catalytic converter thief shouted 'No!' before accomplice shot Johnny Wactor, police say
LA Times
Senator Deb Fischer’s husband refuses to shake Kamala Harris’s hand and sparks backlash (WATCH)
TheGrio
Trump won't rule out military force to retake Panama Canal, threatens 'all hell will break out' over Israeli hostages
ABC News
Trump addresses my top issues: Renaming Gulf of Mexico and invading Greenland | Opinion
USA TODAY Opinion
Costco made a big warehouse change — and seemed to blame customers for it: ‘Members can’t be trusted’
NY Post
Who gets increased Social Security benefits? What to know after President Biden signs bill
USA TODAY
An Unexpected Royal is Heading to Washington, D.C. for Jimmy Carter's Funeral
Marie Claire US
Hulk Hogan Booed Heavily During ‘Monday Night Raw’ Netflix Debut
Variety
Two death row inmates reject Biden's commutation of their life sentences
NBC News
Stephen 'tWitch' Boss' Widow Allison Holker Discovered His Drug Addiction in 'Very Scary' Moment Before Funeral (Exclusive)
People
Photos show Joe Biden's 6,850-square-foot Delaware home where he'll likely move after the White House
Business Insider
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Greenland with a message from his dad: 'We’re going to treat you well'
Associated Press
Former Ohio State running back Ezekiel Elliott signs with playoff contender
Buckeyes Wire
NFL Black Monday updates: Latest rumors, news, analysis on coach firings
USA TODAY Sports
Trump wants to buy Greenland again. Here’s why he’s so interested in the world’s largest island
CNN
'Life-threatening' and 'destructive' windstorm headed to Southern California: What to know
KTTV
Migrants left stranded in troubled resort as Mexico disperses them far from US border
Associated Press
J.Lo and Ben Affleck Just Finalized Their Divorce and the Settlement Details Are Fascinating
Cosmopolitan
Canada’s Freeland has called Trump ‘a bully.’ She could be its next prime minister
CNN
2025 NFL mock draft 4.0: Raiders make big move for QB after firing Antonio Pierce
Yahoo Sports
Maher Blasts TV Star Over ‘Disgusting’ Reason Why Trump Won
The Daily Beast
Pamela Anderson Was Assaulted on Plane After Being Mistaken for Member of Dixie Chicks
Consequence of Sound
Elon Musk Cusses Out Student Who Called Him a Fake News Machine
The Daily Beast
Snow, ice, or rain in Atlanta? Winter storm to bring all 3 across North Georgia
WAGA fox local articles
If You Needed Any Evidence That Time Is Passing Quickly, Ryan Reynolds And Shawn Levy Just Informed Us The Kid From The Adam Project Is 16
CinemaBlend
Meghan & Harry Planning Move to Los Angeles After Montecito Neighbors ‘Bashed’ the Reclusive Couple
Life & Style
Man accused of setting woman on fire on subway told police he didn’t remember it, court documents show. Then he saw the video
CNN
Michael J. Fox Shares Sweet Photo Surrounded by His Entire Family as He Receives Presidential Medal of Freedom: 'Truly Humbled'
People
Prince William Views This Royal Family Member as a "Brother" and Someone He Can "Always Rely On"
Marie Claire US
Former Baltimore Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37
USA TODAY Sports
Lay’s Is Bringing Its Most-Requested Flavor to the U.S. For the First Time Ever
allrecipes
People Genuinely Can’t Believe The Seriously Inappropriate Question That Ariana Grande Was Asked On The Golden Globes Red Carpet
BuzzFeed
Search for missing teenage brothers ends after second body is found in water
LA Times
Wayne Dawson shares update after surgery and chemo therapy
WJW
This Beloved Sandwich Chain Just Shut Down For Good–Here's Why
Parade
Study names three Ohio small cities among safest in America
WCMH
Canadian Politician Fires Back at Trump: We’ll Buy Two of YOUR States
The Daily Beast
Nikki Glaser reveals embarrassing wardrobe malfunction at the Golden Globes
The Independent
Bill Belichick adds another big name to Tar Heels' coaching staff
Tar Heels Wire
How One Costco Shopper Ended Up Doing 20 Minutes In 'Costco Jail'
Tasting Table
Ranking the 14 NFL quarterbacks in this year's playoffs
NBC Sports Philadelphia
Here’s what Glenn Close said during her censored 2025 Golden Globes speech
NY Post
Russia's economy faces a demographic disaster and risks seeing its population reduced by half by the end of this century, think tank says
Business Insider
Social Security Fairness Act: Who qualifies? How much will I get in increased SS payments? Here’s everything to know
FastCompany
Cedar Point removing another bygone attraction from lakefront park
Akron Beacon Journal
Advertisement
Yahoo!
Movies
TV + Streaming
How to Watch
Music
Celebrity
Books
The It List
Interviews
Yahoo Picks
Help
Suggestions
About Our Ads
Site map
Follow us on
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/entertainment/tom-cruises-son-connor-cruise-203001074.html 
 ----- 
