Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
History
Rumors
Prospects
AL EAST
AL CENTRAL
AL WEST
NL EAST
NL CENTRAL
NL WEST
About
Follow Us
MLB news: Shohei Ohtani, San Diego Padres, St. Louis Cardinals
By
Kevin Henry
|
Sep 20, 2023
Sep 7, 2023; Atlanta, Georgia, USA; St. Louis Cardinals left fielder Alec Burleson (41) runs to third against the Atlanta Braves in the ninth inning at Truist Park. Mandatory Credit: Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports

Let’s kick off your Wednesday with some of the latest MLB news and notes, including tidbits on the San Diego Padres, St. Louis Cardinals and Los Angeles Angels superstar Shohei Ohtani.

MLB news: Shohei Ohtani timeline for next season

On Tuesday, it was announced that Shohei Ohtani “underwent a procedure” and, while the exact procedure was never specified, it was also laid out that the two-way superstar would be a hitter only in 2024 and not pitch again until 2025.

What this does for Ohtani’s future with the Angels or any other team remains unclear. Many expect Ohtani to be one of the most sought-after free agents this offseason, but will his inability to pitch next season lower his price value at all? Even without going to the mound, Ohtani remains an extremely valuable asset, finishing his season with a .304/.412/.654 slash line and a 1.066 OPS that currently leads all MLB hitters.

St. Louis Cardinals news: Alec Burleson likely done for the season

Sliding into third base on a stolen base attempt on Tuesday night, Burleson fractured his left thumb after jamming it into the base. You can see the steal and Burleson’s immediate reaction here.

It’s another in a series of injuries for the hard-luck Cardinals in 2023, who were officially eliminated from the postseason with Tuesday’s loss to the Milwaukee Brewers at Busch Stadium. Now what’s left for St. Louis this season? Playing the role of spoiler it seems.

MLB news: Did Blake Snell win the National League Cy Young Award on Tuesday?

Considered one of the favorites for the NL Cy Young Award, Blake Snell may have secured it on Tuesday night, throwing seven innings of no-hit ball against the Colorado Rockies at Petco Park. While striking out 10, Snell lowered his MLB-leading ERA to 2.33. Now it’s a matter of if the BBWAA voters will overlook a somewhat-high walk number and hand him the award, making him just the seventh pitcher in MLB history to win a Cy Young in both the American and National Leagues.

NEXT: Our latest MLB Power Rankings
Related Topics
San Diego Padres
MLB News
Los Angeles Angels
Colorado Rockies
Milwaukee Brewers
Home/MLB News
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://calltothepen.com/2023/09/20/mlb-news-shohei-ohtani-san-diego-padres-st-louis-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
