Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Padres News: Blake Snell Wanted to Be Taken Out of No-Hitter
San Diego's ace looked at the bigger picture.
Matt Wagner | Sep 20, 2023
Padres News: Blake Snell Wanted to Be Taken Out of No-Hitter /
In this story:
San Diego Padres

Blake Snell pitched one of the best games of his career on Tuesday night. 

The San Diego Padres ace mowed down Colorado Rockies hitters left and right last night, throwing seven hitless innings and striking out 10 before being removed from the game. 

But the lefty didn't mind being pulled, and he looked at things from the bigger perspective postgame -- a game that ended in a Padres victory courtesy of a Xander Bogaerts walk-off home run. 

“I understand my body really well,” Snell said. “I understand the risk/reward of injury, with pushing it. With how hard I was throwing today, it’s not worth it. I understand a no-hitter is an amazing accomplishment. It’s so hard to do. I understand that. I also understand how much I value health. I’m just not going to push for that. It’s an individual accolade. It’s cool for the team, you know, you get a no-hitter. But it’s cool when the bullpen comes in and you trust them and they shut it down like they just did.”

via

Jeff Sanders of the San Diego Union-Tribune

The National League Cy Young contender threw 104 pitches in the outing -- the third such game this month where he crossed the 100 pitch threshold -- and in the hypothetical scenario where he stayed on the mound and completed his no-hitter, he likely would've thrown more that 125 to do so. That number would have been a season high.

So even though it may have been disappointing to see him exit early, it's probably for the best over the long term. 

Snell is set to be a free agent at the end of this season, and he's sure to command a big market after one of the best years of his career. 

That Padres should be in the mix for his services, and the 30-year-old has hinted at a desire to return to San Diego.

Published Sep 20, 2023
MATT WAGNER

Matt Wagner was born and raised in southern California, and he lived there before moving to Colorado and getting his B.A. in Communications from the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs in 2022. He relocated back to southern California in 2023 and is looking forward to covering the teams that mean so much to his home area. Some of his past work is in Bleacher Report, Dodgers Tailgate, and, most recently, Colorado Buffaloes Wire. Aside from writing, you can probably catch him petting the nearest dog or eating some good Mexican food.

Home
/
San Diego Padres News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/padres/news/padres-news-blake-snell-wanted-to-be-taken-out-of-no-hitter-mw1996 
 ----- 
