MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Trevor Story hits tiebreaking double in 10th as Red Sox beat Blue Jays 6-5
Updated Sep. 24, 2024 11:36 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

TORONTO (AP) — Trevor Story hit a tiebreaking double in a three-run 10th inning, and the Boston Red Sox rallied past the Toronto Blue Jays 6-5 on Tuesday night.

“The boys did an amazing job of fighting all the way to the end,” Red Sox manager Alex Cora said. “We used everybody. It was one of the most gratifying wins since I’ve been here.”

Vaughn Grissom reached base four times, scored once and drove in a run as the Red Sox won their fourth straight.

Boston trailed 3-0 after six innings, scored two in the seventh and tied it in the eighth.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

“It’s just a testament to who we are as a group, that we’re never out of a fight,” Grissom said. “That’s what you need. The best teams are never out of the fight. That’s huge.”

Story went 2 for 5 with two doubles. He gave Boston its first lead with his one-out two-bagger off Tommy Nance (0-3) that began a three-run 10th.

“He got a slider in the zone and put a great swing on it,” Cora said.

Pinch-hitter Connor Wong drove in a run with a grounder and Grissom added an RBI single.

Chris Martin (3-1) worked a scoreless ninth.

Get your new powerful iPhone with our best deals.
Save big on Apple iPhone.
Verizon Wireless|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Avg IQ is 100. Find our your score in less than 10 minutes! Taken by over 1M users so far. 76,162 users tested today.
Free IQ Test|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!

Toronto lost its fifth straight. The Blue Jays are 19-30 in one-run games.

Leo Jiménez cut it to 6-4 in the bottom of the 10th with an RBI double off Zach Penrod, who exited after walking Nathan Lukes.

Chase Shugart got Vladimir Guerrero Jr. to fly out, walked Spencer Horwitz to load the bases, then walked Alejandro Kirk to force in a run. Shugart then ended it by getting Addison Barger to pop up. The save was the first of his career.

The Blue Jays have lost all five home meetings with Boston this season.

Guerrero opened the scoring with a two-run double off Brayan Bello in the third. He has 102 RBIs this season.

Lukes made it 3-0 with a sacrifice fly in the sixth.

Ceddanne Rafaela started Boston’s comeback with a two-run single off Ryan Burr in the seventh. Rafaela has 61 RBIs from the ninth spot in the order this season.

Boston tied it against Génesis Cabrera in the eighth. Romy Gonzalez led off with a single, advanced to third on a hit by Triston Casas and scored on Masataka Yoshida’s grounder.

In his final start of the season, Toronto’s Bowden Francis pitched five scoreless innings. He allowed three hits, walked one and struck out four.

“Just another outstanding effort,” Blue Jays manager John Schneider said. “You can’t really say enough about how he finished up the season.”

Francis went 4-2 with a 1.33 ERA over his final eight starts, twice taking no-hit bids into the ninth inning.

ROSTER MOVES

Blue Jays: Toronto optioned RHP Zach Pop to its spring training facility and recalled LHP Easton Lucas from Triple-A Buffalo. ... INF Orelvis Martinez was reinstated from the suspended list and optioned to the spring facility. To make room on the 40-man roster, OF Daulton Varsho was transferred to the 60-day injured list. Varsho had shoulder surgery on Monday.

UP NEXT

Toronto RHP Kevin Gausman (13-11, 3.91 ERA) is scheduled to make his final start of the season in Wednesday’s series finale. Red Sox RHP Richard Fitts (0-0, 0.00) is set for his fourth career start.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Boston Red Sox
Trevor Story
Connor Wong
Trevor Story
Boston Red Sox
Toronto Blue Jays
MLB - Boston Red Sox vs. Toronto Blue Jays - 09/24/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/trevor-story-hits-tiebreaking-double-in-10th-as-red-sox-beat-blue-jays-65 
 ----- 
