HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Bahrain vs Malaysia: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 18, 2024 at 1:05 PM
Modified at :
January 18, 2024 at 1:05 PM

Yash Pratap Singh

0
0
Both Bahrain and Malaysia come into this AFC Asian Cup tie on the back of defeats.

The 2023 AFC Asian Cup has wrapped up its first matchday and has a lot of exciting fixtures lined up for the second. One such game will be the Group E clash between Bahrain and Malaysia.

Both sides come into the game on the back of disheartening defeats in their opening game. Bahrain were handed a 3-1 defeat by South Korea while Malaysia faced a 4-0 defeat against table toppers Jordan.

Kick Off

January 20, 2024, 20:00 IST

January 20, 2024, 22:30 GMT+8

January, 20, 2024, 17:30 GMT+3

Form

Bahrain (in all competitions) L-L-L-L-W

Malaysia (in all competitions) L-D-W-W-L

Players to watch
Abdullah Al-Hashash (Bahrain)
Al-Hashash celebrating his goal against South Korea with his coach. (Courtesy: AFC)

The forward was Bahrain’s best player in the opening match against South Korea. He scored Bahrain’s lone goal in the fixture. It was only his second goal for the national team in nine appearances. He’s a lethal striker and a proven goal-scorer at club level. Expect him to add a few more goals to his tally.

Junior Eldstal (Malaysia)
Eldstal will aim to continue his momentum in the Bahrain game as well. (Courtesy: Tribun Jabar)

The 32-year-old was one of the few positives from Malaysia’s opener against Jordan. He was their best player and did not let Jordan have it too easy. Eldstal made a few important clearances and also pulled off a few crucial tackles and interceptions. He is known for his ball-winning capabilities.

Match facts
Malaysia have not managed to defeat Bahrain since 1978
Bahrain are ranked 86th while Malaysia stand at the 130th position in the latest FIFA rankings
Bahrain’s Abdulla Yusuf Helal and Malaysia’s Mohamadou Sumareh were on the scoresheet the last time these two teams met
Injury and Team News

Both teams are expected to have a fully fit squad available for selection going into this game.

Head-to-head

Total matches played – 12

Bahrain wins – 7

Malaysia wins – 2

Draws – 2

Predicted Line-up
Bahrain (4-1-4-1)

Sayed Mohammed Jaffer (GK) (C); Mohamed Adel, Amine Mohamad Hassan Benaddi, Waleed Al Hayam, Abdulla Al Khalasi;  Mohamed Al-Hardan; Ali Madan, Moses Atede, Jasim Khelaif Wahab Al Salama, Kamil Al Aswad;  Abdulla Yusuf Helal

Malaysia (3-4-3)

Hazmi, Cools, Eldstal, Davies, Hanapi, Fazail, Wilkin, Corbin-Ong, Akhyar, Josue, Abdul Halim

Prediction for Bahrain vs Malaysia

Both teams come into this game on the back of disappointing defeats in their 2023 AFC Asian Cup openers. However Bahrain will have an upper hand coming into this tie, thanks to their better head-to-head record against Malaysia.

Prediction: Bahrain 3-1 Malaysia

Telecast for Bahrain vs Malaysia

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

Malaysia – Astro Go, RTM

For worldwide broadcast information of AFC Asian Cup, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click to ge

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-bahrain-vs-malaysia-preview 
 ----- 
