Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Cameroon Indomitable Lions roar over Kenya Harambee Stars behind closed doors | Afcon 2025 Qualifiers
Second half substitute Boris Enow Takang who features at DC United in the USA scored the priceless goal two minutes after the half hour mark.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
OCTOBER 14, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Vincent Aboubakar is sandwiched by Duke Ooga Abuya and Daniel Francis Anyembe | Credit: John Batanudde

Afcon 2024 Qualifiers (Group J):

Kenya 0-1 Cameroon
Zimbabwe 3-1 Namibia

Cameroon completed back-to-back wins over Kenya during the ongoing AFCON 2024 qualifiers in Group J.

On Monday, 14th October 2024, The Indomitable Lions roared aloud with a slim 1-0 victory over the Kenya Harambee Stars at Mandela National Stadium, Namboole under closed doors.

Second-half substitute Boris Enow Takang scored the priceless goal two minutes after the hour mark.

Boris Enow Takang celebrates Cameroon’s goal | Credit: John Batanudde

Takang, a forward at DC United in the United States of America, curled home a beautiful free-kick past goalkeeper Bryne Omondi.

The scorer had just replaced Pierre Kunde Malong at the start of the second half.

Kenya’s best moment to find the back of the net in the opening half fell to John Avire in the 21st minute after shooting wide from close range following a well-set ball by skipper Michael Ogada Olunga.

Michael Ogada Olunga shoots as Tolo Nouhou looks on
Michael Ogada Olunga controls the ball
Kenya skipper Michael Ogada Olunga

Cameroon’s Malong poked the ball wide of the goalposts in the 33rd minute after a quick counter-attack.

Defender Tolo Nouhou had a goal disallowed with five minutes to the half-time break for off-side.

Upon restarting play, Kenya had a glorious opportunity to take the lead, but substitute Alphonce Otieno Omija’s effort hit the goalpost, with goalkeeper Andre Onana beaten in the 52nd minute.

Andre Onana with a routine collection | Credit: John Batanudde
Joseph Stanley Okumu battles with Andre Frank Zambo Anguissa
John Avire leaves Bryan Marceau Mbeumo Testsadong grounded
Kenyan player
John Avire battles with Jackson Tchatchoua

Cameroon broke the deadlock in the 62nd minute with Takang’s first international goal.

The Indomitable Lions held onto the lead to register maximum points, that takes them to 10, two adrift from Zimbabwe who overcame Namibia 3-1 at the Orlando Stadium in South Africa.

Kenya XI Vs Cameroon | Credit: John Batanudde

Team Line Ups:

Kenya XI: Bryne Omondi (G.K), Joseph Stanley Okumu, Anthony Akumu Agay, Duke Ooga Abuya, Richard Odada, Erick Ouma Otieno, Michael Ogada Olunga (Captain), Jonestone Otieno Omorwa, ronney Otieno Onyango, John Avire, Daniel Francis Anyembe

Subs: Ian Otieno (G.K), Patrick Matasi Musotsi (G.K), Sylvester Owino Ahono, Alphonce Otieno Omija, Jonah Ananias Ayunga, Timothy Ouma Noor, Chrispine Erambo Otieno, Amos Nondi Obiero, Collins Lusaka Sichenje, John Ochieng, Alfred Richard Scriven

Head coach: Engin Firat (Germany)

Engin Firat, Kenya Harambee Stars head coach | Credit: John Batanudde
Cameroon XI Vs Kenya Credit: John Batanudde

Cameroon XI: Andre Onana Onana (G.K), Jackson Tchatchoua, Michael Ngadeu Ngadjui, Tolo Nouhou, Andre Frank Zambo Anguissa, Vincent Aboubakar (Captain), Christian Mougang Bassogog, Pierre Kunde Malong, Martin Hongla Yma II, Bryan Marceau Mbeumo Tetsadong, Jean Charles Castelleto

Subs: Simon Brady Ngapandouetnbu (G.K), Simon Loti Omossola Medjo (G.K), Guy Marcelin Kilama Kilama, James Willy Ndjeungoue, Serge Patrick Njoh Soko, Franck Mario Magri, Martin Beautrel Atemengue Ndzie, Nicolas Brice Moumi Ngamaleu, Boris Enow Takang, Collins Fai Ngoran Suiru, Flavien Boyomo Enzo Thiedort

Head coach: Marc Peter Brys

Marc Peter Brys, the Cameroon head coach | Credit: John Batanudde

Match officials:

Referee: Louis Djindo Houngnandande (Benin)
Assistant Referee 1: Eric Ulrich Ayimavo Ayamr (Benin)
Assistant Referee 2: Joe Cortel Dodometin Detondji (Benin)
Fourth official: Issa Mouhamed (Benin)
Commissioner: Khalid Abdallah Mohamed (Tanzania)
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Nigerian Ademola Lookman named CAF Player of the Year 2024
CAF Awards 2024: Omedi loses to Angola’s Mabululu in Goal of the Year Category
CAF Awards 2024 D-day: Will Denis Omedi write his name into African Folklore?
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/10/14/cameroon-indomitable-lions-roar-over-kenya-harambee-stars-behind-closed-doors-afcon-2025-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
