Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Andrus retires as Ranger, Wash by his side
Share
Andrus retires as Ranger, Wash by his side
September 8th, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

This story was excerpted from Kennedi Landry’s Rangers Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

ARLINGTON -- Elvis Andrus knew he wanted to retire as a Ranger. The club’s longtime shortstop hasn’t been a member of the organization since the 2020 season, but Texas always had a special place in his heart as the place where he grew, both on and off the field.

So when he signed a one-day contract to retire as a Ranger, he also wanted his longtime manager Ron Washington to be there as well. Washington was Texas’ manager during Andrus’ first six Major League seasons.

Washington, now the manager of the visiting Los Angeles Angels, was more than happy to be on hand for Andrus’ retirement press conference on Friday afternoon.

“I think going back to the beginning of his career, Elvis did come into a really good spot with Wash as his manager,” said longtime teammate Michael Young of the relationship between Andrus and Washington. “Wash has a really high bar for work. He makes you work, but as a young player, he also understands that it's a progression. You're going to develop, you're going to make mistakes, and he stays with you and talks about it.

“Ultimately, I think a lot of times people see Elvis as this young kid who had had all these mentors, and he did. But he did it. No one else did it for him. He didn't do it because we were there. He did it because he was good.”

Andrus was signed by the Braves out of Venezuela when he was 16. But on July 31, 2007, Andrus was traded to the Rangers as part of a package that sent Mark Teixeira and Ron Mahay to Atlanta. He made his MLB debut at 20 years old, joining a jam-packed Rangers infield with the likes of Young and Ian Kinsler. Hall of Famer Adrian Beltré would join in 2011.

Andrus was an exciting young prospect who would finish second in American League Rookie of the Year voting in 2009. He was an All-Star in 2010 at 21 and again in 2012 at 23. He helped the Rangers to a pair of AL Pennants in 2010-11 all the while holding his own in the middle of powerful Texas lineups.

Related
Here's what Joc brings to Rangers' table

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Andrus retires as Ranger after 15-year career

September 7th, 2024

Veteran new addition Andrus makes '24 debut at 3B

March 10th, 2024

'Hard to fully grasp his greatness': Angels share fond Mays memories

June 21st, 2024

Past, present Halos dish on Wash's impact

November 16th, 2023

“I often answer the question of how I was able to play in the big leagues at such a young age and perform so freely and relaxed in the World Series,” Andrus said. “My answer to that question has been Ron Washington. …What I’ve learned from Wash is just working hard. Talent can get you to the big leagues, you have to work at it and want it to keep you there for a long time. I learned that at such a young age.”

Washington praised Andrus for always being a winner and a leader early in his professional career, even when he was surrounded by veterans -- many of whom were the best in the game. He admits to riding Andrus hard at times throughout their partnership. But all of that led to the person and player Andrus is today.

“What a player,” Washington said of Andrus. “A very, very special player, and I'm honored and humbled to be up here with him. ... He was a tremendous teammate. Once again, everything that Elvis accomplished, he had to learn how to do it. He didn't come in with all of that on his resume. He had to learn how to do it. He had people around him that made certain that he recognized what he was capable of doing.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“Right now, I look at him ... and he deserves where he is, and he was the biggest part of it. All we were was guidance. We just got him. You can guide people to the water, but you can't make them drink. You can give a lot of people information about things that are right, but until they decide that is right for them, you never know. But he always knew that it was right because it was love from the beginning.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Elvis Andrus
Ron Washington

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

Broadway Joe was nearly Wrigley Joe

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 12

January 12th, 2025

An ode to Dontrelle's smile, signature windup

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/elvis-andrus-asks-ron-washington-to-join-retirement-ceremony 
 ----- 
