SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Canada reach Copa América quarterfinals with Chile draw
Ben Steiner

Sunday, Jun 30, 2024, 02:56 AM

Canada have reached the 2024 Copa América quarterfinals after playing to a 0-0 draw with Chile in Saturday's Group A finale.

The scoreless result at Orlando City SC’s Inter&Co Stadium, combined with Argentina's 2-0 win over Peru, clinched second place for Les Rouges, who will face the winner of Group B on July 5.

Canada failed to maximize their one-man advantage after Gabriel Suazo was sent off in the 27th minute for a second yellow card after bringing down Toronto FC's Richie Laryea.

Despite strong chances in the second half from Stephen Eustáquio, Cyle Larin and Jonathan David, Chilean goalkeeper Gabriel Arias stood tall, making three saves.

Minnesota United breakout star Tani Oluwaseyi appeared to find the back of the net in the 92nd minute, but had his goal called back for offside.

Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: A draw has never been a bigger win. After struggling for decades, CanMNT are into a major tournament quarterfinal after navigating a challenging group. Remember, Les Rouges have gone to two World Cups, losing all six group-stage games. A draw against Chile and a win against Peru are two of the most critical results in Canada’s men's soccer history, all under a brand new manager in Jesse Marsch.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Canada only scored once in the group stage and made things tough for themselves in their final outing, but Colorado Rapids defender Moïse Bombito made a last-minute clearance as Chile applied late pressure.

At the death, Chile was this close to advancing to the Copa América quarterfinals 😬😅🇨🇱 pic.twitter.com/shBGWY7zPN

— FOX Soccer (@FOXSoccer) June 30, 2024
Man of the Match: Portland Timbers goalkeeper Maxime Crepéau was a hero again for the CanMNT, making four saves while claiming a dangerous cross in stoppage time to hold Chile off the scoresheet and send Canada through. He only conceded against Lionel Messi’s Argentina and was as exceptional as ever against Chile.

Final group standings👇
Oh, how sweet it is!#CANMNT #NoFearAllFight pic.twitter.com/vU7q7pFie3

— CANMNT (@CANMNT_Official) June 30, 2024
Ben Steiner -
@BenSteiner00
CANADA
COPA AMERICA
Related Stories
Canada make Copa América statement: "We're going to enjoy this moment"
Canada vs. Chile: How to watch, stream Copa América Group A game
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/canada-reach-copa-america-quarterfinals-with-chile-draw 
 ----- 
