Toggle search
CHILE HEAD COACH RICARDO…
Courtesy: REUTERS/Agustin Marcarian
Chile head coach Ricardo Gareca suspended for Canada match for not sending his team out on time
Brendan Dunlop  @Brendan_Dunlop
6 months ago •

Everyone looks to model the ones on top. It’s cost Chile boss Ricardo Gareca who will be watching La Roja’s crucial Matchday 3 clash against Canada from the stands in Orlando.

Canada striker Cyle Larin continues electric form with his 4th goal in 5 games for Real Mallorca

CONMEBOL has suspended Chile head coach Ricardo Gareca for repeatedly not sending his team out to the field on time. Chile were issued a warning against Peru, which finished as a scoreless draw, and then again after a 1-0 loss to Argentina. Gareca will not be in the dugout for Chile’s crucial final group-stage clash against Canada.

While not an original idea, Argentina’s Lionel Scaloni laid out the blueprint for every other team at this tournament in the Copa América opener in Argentina’s 2-0 win over Canada in Atlanta on June 20. Frustrated by Canada after a strong 45 minutes from the underdogs, Argentina made Canada wait on the pitch and delayed the kickoff of the second half.

Related read: ‘Argentina should be fined’ raves Jesse Marsch after reigning Copa América champs start second half late

“When they were waiting, I knew that they were looking at video and they were analyzing how they wanted to play against us. Now, I wish again the referees would manage that,” Marsch said in his post-match press conference. “If we were five minutes late, we’d get a fine. There would be a big problem. Let’s see what happens with Argentina, I think they have to be fined.”

They were, Jesse. Argentina were slapped with a $15,000 fine and Scaloni will also watch his side’s final group stage match from the stands.

“How late were they? 20 minutes? 30? It was a long time,” Marsch quipped last week in Atlanta.
“But they had that time to prepare how they wanted to play against us in the second half, which if we would have known ahead of time that we could have an extra 10 minutes then we could have prepared some things more.”

Jesse Marsch,
Courtesy: Josh Kim/Waking The Red

Scaloni said post-match on Tuesday that he plans to make several changes to his starting lineup for the game against Peru. You can almost guarantee Manchester United star Alejandro Garnacho cracks the starting XI for the first time this month. Scaloni won’t be there to direct them on the pitch, but Argentina are already through to the quarterfinals, with two wins from two matches, effectively guaranteeing the reigning champions the top spot in Group A.

For Canada, a draw against Chile on Saturday night in Orlando could be enough to send CanMNT through to the quarterfinals.

Search
Search
Recent Articles
Atlético Ottawa set to hire former Liga MX manager: report
CanWNT player of the year Vanessa Gilles named in French league’s best XI; NWSL’s Angel City insist she will return
Free agent Fafà Picault confirms he will not return to Vancouver Whitecaps for 2025
Canadian-born striker Promise David’s scoring form in Belgium could prompt CanMNT call
WATCH: Paul Mullin scores ridiculous goal as Ryan Reynolds’ Wrexham AFC chase another promotion
Follow us on social!
Atlético Ottawa set to hire former Liga MX manager: report
By Daniel Carrero
CanWNT player of the year Vanessa Gilles named in French league’s best XI; NWSL’s Angel City insist she will return
By Canadian Soccer Daily staff
Read Newsletter

Want more Canadian Soccer Daily direct to your inbox?

Email address
 I accept the terms and privacy policy
 SUBSCRIBE

Your email address will be stored by Canadian Soccer Daily so that we can send you Canadian Soccer Daily updates by email. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details about your data privacy and your rights please see our privacy policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://canadiansoccerdaily.com/2024/06/29/chile-head-coach-ricardo-gareca-suspended-for-canada/ 
 ----- 
