Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
PRO & COLLEGE SPORTS
Argentina vs. Peru at Hard Rock Stadium: Where to buy tickets for Saturday’s game
Updated: Jun. 26, 2024, 2:48 p.m.|Published: Jun. 26, 2024, 2:47 p.m.

A team assistant massages Argentina's Lionel Messi during a Copa America Group A soccer match against Chile in East Rutherford, N.J., Tuesday, June 25, 2024. (AP Photo/Julia Nikhinson)AP Photo/Julia Nikhinson

By Cayden Steele | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

Argentina face Peru in an Copa America game on Saturday, June 29, 2024 (6/29/24) at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.

Fans who want to watch the game in person can purchase tickets via StubHub, VividSeats or Ticketsmarter.

0:00
/
2:19
Keep Watching
Tee Higgins on BIG day in Bengals' Win Over Broncos

Here’s what you need to know:

What: Copa America game

Who: Argentina vs. Peru

When: Saturday, June 29, 2024 (6/29/24)

Time: 8 p.m. ET

Where: Hard Rock Stadium

Tickets: StubHub, VividSeats, Ticketsmarter

TV: FS1

A recent soccer story, via the AP:

EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. (AP) — Lionel Messi hopes a leg injury sustained during Argentina’s 1-0 Copa America win over Chile is “nothing serious”.

Playing a day after his 37th birthday, the Argentina superstar received treatment on the thigh area of his right leg for nearly two minutes after getting kicked by Gabriel Suazo in the 24th minute on Tuesday night.

Messi, however, stayed on the field as the defending champion clinched a quarterfinal berth.

He told reporters after the match that it was “nothing serious”. Messi added: “It’s bothering me a little bit but I was able to finish the match. It was hard for me to move freely, particularly side to side. We’ll see tomorrow how it feels.”

Messi said he’s also been dealing with a sore throat and fever in recent days.

Argentina coach Lionel Scaloni said during his post-game news conference that he had not spoken with Messi but wasn’t concerned about the injury.

Scaloni cited Messi sprinting half the length of the field along with Ángel Di María and Lautaro Martínez late in the game.

“That’s my last image,” Scaloni said.

Martínez scored the only goal following a scramble in the 88th minute after a corner by Messi.

Scaloni said he’s planning to rest several starters in Argentina’s last Group A match, against Peru on Saturday in Florida.

Argentina will win the group unless it loses to Peru in Miami Gardens and Canada beats Chile in a game played simultaneously in Orlando.

The Canadians can overtake Argentina on goal difference. Argentina is on plus-three and Canada minus-one.

MORE SPORTS COVERAGE
Jalen Brunson erupts for 55 points as Knicks set record for 40-point scorers
Devils' win streak ends against Hurricanes, who score four times in third period
Los Angeles Rams vs. Arizona Cardinals FREE LIVE STREAM (12/28/24) | How to watch, TV channel, odds for NFL Week 17
Colorado vs. BYU FREE LIVE STREAM (12/28/24): How to watch Alamo Bowl online | Time, TV, channel
Washington Capitals vs. Toronto Maple Leafs FREE LIVE STREAM (12/28/24): Watch NHL regular season online | Time, TV, channel

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.

Cayden Steele may be reached at CSteele@njadvancemedia.com

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/sports/2024/06/argentina-vs-peru-at-hard-rock-stadium-where-to-buy-tickets-for-saturdays-game.html 
 ----- 
