COPA AMÉRICA 2024

When is Argentina - Peru? Times, how to watch on TV, stream online | 2024 Copa América
All the TV and streaming info you need if you want to watch Lionel Messi’s team take on ‘La Bicolor’ in Group A’s last game at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami.
Fidel Rubio
Update: Jun 28th, 2024 12:35 EDT
0

Argentina and Peru will collide in Group A’s third and last game in Miami, with both teams facing very different situations.

While the Argentinians are already in the tournament’s next round and as the best team in the section, Peru are on the verge of elimination. Only a victory over La Albiceleste and a Chile win over Canada could see them through, although in that case, the Peruvians would need to defeat Lionel Messi & co. by a wider margin than their neighbors.

Here's how this former NBA champ explained why LeBron James will never surpass Kobe Bryant as an all-time great!Here's how this former NBA champ explained why LeBron James will never surpass Kobe Bryant as an all-time great!

In their last game, La Bicolor lost to Canada (0-1), while the current World Cup and Copa America champions defeated Chile thanks to a Lautaro Martinez goal before the end of the match.

You can watch a live stream of the game on fuboTV (free trial available).

What time does Argentina vs Peru start?

The 2024 Copa América Group A game between Argentina and Peru will be played on Saturday, 29 June 2024, at 8 p.m. ET/ 5 p.m. PT.

How can I watch Argentina vs Peru?

If you are in the US, you can watch the game on TUDN.com, Univision NOW, Foxsports.com, TUDN App, ViX, FOX Sports App, Fox Sports 1, TUDN USA, Univision, SiriusXM FC, and TUDN Radio.

Remember, you can watch a live stream of the game on fuboTV (free trial available).

Form guide for Argentina vs Peru

Argentina

Chile 0-1 Argentina
Argentina 2-0 Canada
Argentina 4-1 Guatemala
Argentina 1-0 Ecuador
Argentina 3-1 Costa Rica 

Peru

Peru 0-1 Canada

Peru 0-0 Chile
El Salvador 0-1 Peru
Peru 0-0 Paraguay
Peru 4-1 Dominican Rep.
Follow Argentina vs Peru live with AS USA
RELATED STORIES

COPA AMÉRICA 2024

USMNT ‘disturbed’ by racist comments made to players

COPA AMÉRICA

Colombia cruising, Brazil still to get into gear

You can be sure not to miss a moment of the action by joining our live-text commentary right here on AS USA. We will be building up to the game from around 90 minutes ahead of kick-off, before providing you with minute-by-minute commentary of the action.

Argentina vs Peru prediction

We’ve assessed both teams’ recent form, injuries, suspensions, and general confidence levels, and we believe that the result will be: Argentina 2-1 Peru.

Tagged in:
Fútbol
Televisión
Copa América
Conmebol
Selección argentina fútbol
Selección peruana fútbol
Lionel Messi
Julián Álvarez
Lautaro Martínez
Lionel Scaloni
Comment
Rules
We recommend these for you in Soccer
MLS
Who is Tadeo Allende, the Argentine winger Inter Miami are chasing?
REAL MADRID
Jude Bellingham wins his third LaLiga Player of the Month award with Real Madrid
MLS
Chucky Lozano ready for new MLS challenge with San Diego
PREMIER LEAGUE
New name at the top of ‘calendar year’ Premier League table
REAL MADRID
Zidane waiting for his next job in Madrid
PREMIER LEAGUE
Ronaldo makes crazy claim about Manchester United disaster: ‘a sick fish in an aquarium’
Most viewed
1

REAL MADRID

Real Madrid sweeps the 2024 Globe Soccer Awards
2

REAL MADRID

Mbappé in his sights: Vinícius Júnior targets big-money Real Madrid contract
3

SOCCER

Cristiano Ronaldo: “Vinicius should have won the Ballon d’Or”
More news

DAZN

Enjoy live and on-demand online sports on DAZN. Activate your account
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.as.com/soccer/when-is-argentina-peru-times-how-to-watch-on-tv-stream-online-2024-copa-america-n-2/ 
 ----- 
