European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Albania 0 Spain 1: Rotation rewarded, Torres hits 20 and outsiders’ dream ended
By Dermot Corrigan and Jacob Whitehead
Jun 24, 2024

6

Spain underlined their credentials as a team with the quality and depth to go a long way at the European Championship, as they beat Albania despite making 10 changes.

This was only the third time in the tournament’s history a manager had altered the starting XI so significantly (and the first for 16 years) but Spain’s understudies were dominant for the most part in Dusseldorf.

Ferran Torres’ 20th international goal gave Luis de la Fuente’s side a first-half lead and though they did not add to their advantage and did lose a degree of control in the second half, they rarely looked in any real danger of being denied victory.

Spain had already secured their place at the top of Group B after wins over Croatia and Italy but this result makes them the first team to record a 100 per cent record after three matches at Euro 2024 and sets them up nicely for the knockout stages.

They travel to Cologne next, where they will face one of the four best third-placed teams on Sunday, June 30 at 8pm UK/3pm ET. Albania are eliminated.

Dermot Corrigan and Jacob Whitehead analyse the key talking points.

Torres continues his impressive Spain scoring record

Spain’s goal was superbly constructed and finished — with incisive passes from Aymeric Laporte and Dani Olmo setting up a chance that was curled home off the post by Torres.

That was Torres’ 20th goal in 43 international appearances, lifting him to 13th on La Roja’s all-time scoring list, at just 24 years of age.

The former Valencia forward’s club career has not always progressed as he would have liked — he has never really nailed down a starting spot for either former club Manchester City or current side Barcelona.

But Torres has regularly provided goals at international level. He was a favourite of former national coach Luis Enrique, finding the net at Euro 2020 and the 2022 World Cup.

At first De la Fuente did not seem convinced, leaving him out of last summer’s Nations League final squad. But Torres proved his worth when given a chance during Euros qualifying, and sealed a spot in the squad for this tournament with a goal and an assist against Andorra in early June.

A sensitive soul who needs to feel confidence from those around him, Torres has also reacted well to being understudy (more or less) to 16-year-old Lamine Yamal, who has also overtaken him at club level at Barcelona.

But it is another sign of the general commitment and happiness within De la Fuente’s camp in Germany that there have been no signs of complaints or disappointment — and Torres’ sharp finish and all-round performance means he will likely have a big role to play for Spain over the coming days and weeks.

Dermot Corrigan

De la Fuente gets his rotation right

De la Fuente has a good poker face. He said before the match he would pick the best team to win this game. Well, maybe making 10 changes was part of a bold tactical masterplan, though it seems unlikely.

But rotating a squad always comes with risks. It is effectively a trade, protecting the legs of your first-choice XI while risking the cohesiveness of the whole. There are effectively two outcomes: firstly, that a team that has not played together before looks disjointed and struggles, or second, that reserve players embrace the opportunity to make their case.

Against Albania, De la Fuente’s squad achieved the latter — which is testament to the spirit he has built in this group. He has made a point of selecting individuals who are desperate to play for Spain, and who know their roles.

That doesn’t stop them pushing themselves mind. Olmo was the best example of a player who showed his ability — he ran the game from the No 10 role, playing with an evident joy. He put shape on his passes like an impressionist painting waves, played flicks around the corner because they were both functional and beautiful. His assist for Torres’ goal was the perfect example, a geometric angle which Piet Mondrian would have been pleased with.

	Dani Olmo has recorded four assists across his seven European Championship matches. Only Cesc Fabregas (five) has more on record for Spain (Hollandse Hoogte/Gerrit van Keulen/ ANP via Getty Images)

If Spain progress deep into the competition, Olmo’s versatility offers them multiple ways to play — he can operate as a No 8, No 10, on the wing, or even as a false nine. Mikel Merino, playing alongside Martin Zubimendi, also impressed with his positioning both around the Albania box and while covering in defence.

Teams need depth to win major tournaments — Spain have shown they have plenty of it.

Jacob Whitehead

Farewell Albania, you’ve been fun

So, it is time to say goodbye. It’s been a whirlwind nine-day romance, but you had me from when Nedim Bajrami thundered home after less than 60 seconds of your opening game. Who can resist the lesser-seen near-post screamer? The opponents? Only reigning champions Italy.

And how you made us laugh. Fans snapping spaghetti in front of their Italian counterparts? That was one of the first reminders of the importance of supporters at this European Championship, after the Covid-disrupted tournament in 2021.

There have been ups and downs, and the eventual defeat by Italy was one, but in the toughest moments there has also been a lot to like. It would have been easy to quit on this relationship when you went behind to Croatia with two goals in two minutes — but you stayed and you fought. Klaus Gjasula’s 95th-minute equaliser was better than any sonnet or flowers.

Things were tougher against Spain — and that is why our time together has run its course. But if you’re in the United Kingdom and Ireland in four years’ time… text me?

Jacob Whitehead

Recommended reading
Ayoze Perez interview: From ‘feeling forgotten’ to Euro 2024 challenge with Spain
Barnabas Varga’s ‘nightmare’ collision – and how Hungary rallied around him
Four games, four cities, four days: Germany is giving fans the party it promised

(Top photo: Oguz Yeter/Anadolu via Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5585052/2024/06/24/albania-spain-euros-analysis/ 
 ----- 
