HOME
CRICKET
AUSTRALIA
‘No positives’: SL captain roasts team over ‘major concern’ as ‘too good’ Aussies win series
Aaron Finch and Sri Lanka
Source: FOX SPORTS
Staff writers and AFP from Fox Sports
February 15th, 2022 11:24 pm

Australia has won the five-match T20 series against Sri Lanka in straight sets, storming home to a big six-wicket win in Canberra on Tuesday night.

Having won the toss, Australia sent Sri Lanka in to bat first and restricted the tourists to 6-121 with Kane Richardson the star with the ball, taking 3-21.

In reply, Australia took the bold selection gamble to open with Ben McDermott and returning all-rounder Ashton Agar, while leaving the out-of-form Aaron Finch at first drop.

Watch The Dettol T20 Series Australia vs Sri Lanka. Every Game Live & On-Demand on Kayo. New to Kayo? Start your free trial now >

PLAYER RATINGS: Forgotten quick sends WC statement; star’s one-ball disaster as lucky Maxi fires

‘WOW’: Starc’s ‘never seen before’ shocker leaves everyone stunned

In the end, it backfired with McDermott dismissed for a golden duck first ball of the innings which brought Finch to the crease immediately. Meanwhile, Agar never got going in a run-a-ball 13.

That was when the door opened to Sri Lanka with Glenn Maxwell offering catches on 0, 9, and 22.

None of the opportunities were taken and Maxwell went on to take the game away from Sri Lanka with his 39 off 26 balls.

Finch turned in a level-headed display and found some sorely needed runs, but couldn’t end his half-century drought as he was dismissed for 35 off 36 balls.

Josh Inglis (21 off 18) and Marcus Stoinis (12 off 8) finished the game with 19 balls to spare.

Both Brett Lee and Andrew Symonds said Australia was simply “too good” for Sri Lanka.

Sri Lanka captain Dasun Shanaka gave a brutal assessment of his top-order batters after the game, pointing the finger at them for once again losing early wickets.

When Fox Cricket’s Kath Loughnan asked if there were any positives out of the night, he said: “Actually, there are no positives.

“It was yet again a poor start from our boys, as it has been throughout the series.

“It’s been a major concern. If we had the momentum from the start we’d have more runs on the board.”

The world champions have an unassailable 3-0 lead with two games to play after taking the opening match by 20 runs then clinching the second in a thrilling super over finish after it ended in a tie.

Australia made three changes for the game, with Mitchell Starc returning and Ashton Agar and Daniel Sams given an opportunity, with Finch hailing the depth of the squad.

“That’s one thing we’ve been trying to expose a little bit more, shuffling guys around to get more information on the depth of the squad,” he said. “And it’s looking really good at the moment.”

With Sri Lanka needing victory to keep the series alive, they struck 17 off the first two overs after being sent into bat.

But they got bogged down by Australia’s economical bowling, crawling to 121 for six with skipper Dasun Shanaka making 39 and Kane Richardson bagging 3-21.

Their prospect of pulling off a victory was hampered by star leg-spinner Wanindu Hasaranga testing positive for Covid-19 before the match and speedster Nuwan Thushara pulling up injured after bowling only seven balls.

- ANCHOR ROLE -

They got a boost when the dangerous Ben McDermott was out first ball, getting a thick edge to Charith Asalanka at slip off Maheesh Theekshana.

Agar made 13 before Theekshana picked up a second scalp to leave Australia at 31 for two after five overs.

But Maxwell rode his luck, surviving three chances, to blast 39 and turn the tables before he too fell to Theekshana going for one big hit too many, after two sixes and three fours.

Finch was happy to play the anchor role before Inglis (21) and Stoinis (12) steered them home.

Earlier, Sri Lanka made an aggressive start before Danushka Gunathilaka was out to Richardson’s opening delivery in the third over. He has now made 1, 0 and 9 in his three innings on tour, putting his place under threat.

Asalanka came in and smacked a six but departed a ball later, caught behind off Richardson, while Kusal Mendis, on his return after recovering from Covid-19, only lasted 11 balls before being undone by leg-spinner Agar.

Part-time spinner Maxwell bagged the big wicket of Pathum Nissanka, who has been Sri Lanka’s best batsman this series, but it needed an outstanding diving catch from Sams to remove him for 16 and leave the visitors tottering at 42 for four after eight overs.

Dinesh Chandimal and Shanaka added 47 for the fifth wicket but 122 was never going to be a big enough target.

CLICK HERE IF YOU CANNOT SEE THE BLOG ABOVE

SPORTS
AFL
NRL
FOOTBALL
CRICKET
MOTORSPORT
RUGBY
NFL
BASKETBALL
TENNIS
GOLF
POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
RELEVANT ADS OPT-OUT
FOX SPORTS DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
FAQ'S AND CONTACT US
COOKIES POLICY
DATA USAGE POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ACCESSIBILITY
SITEMAP
RSS FEEDS
STAY CONNECTED ON SOCIAL MEDIA
FOX SPORTS AUSTRALIA 2021 ©
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com.au/cricket/australia/cricket-australia-vs-sri-lanka-third-t20-live-scores-wanindu-hasaranga-tests-positive-to-covid-start-time-how-to-watch-stream/news-story/4a83623787c784e8c6dc9b4b01ef7f4a 
 ----- 
