SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 2025 AT 01:46 PM

Subscribe
 E-PAPER
Tell Your Story
Home
Sports
Cricket
Kusal Mendis gets medical clearance to play third T20I against Australia
Sports Cricket
Kusal Mendis Gets Medical Clearance To Play Third T20I Against Australia
IANS

Feb 15, 2022 02:39 PM | UPDATED: Feb 15, 2022 02:36 PM

Ahead of the third T20I against Australia later on Tuesday, Sri Lanka got a shot in the arm as their top-order batter Kusal Mendis -- who had returned a positive COVID-19 test on February 7 after having landed in Australia -- has recovered and will be available for selection for the crucial match.

The tourists are trailing Australia 0-2 in the five-match T20I series and the third match of the five-match series will be played at the Manuka Oval here later on Tuesday.

Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) issued a player update late on Monday saying that Mendis had been given medical clearance to join the team.

"Player Update #AUSvSL: Kusal Mendis who tested positive for Covid-19 has recovered and will be available for selections for the 3rd T20I game against Australia. He has joined the team, following medical clearance," said a SLC tweet.

SLC also said that pace bowler Binura Fernando, whose Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) had come positive on February 12, had returned a positive PCR test as well for the virus.

"Binura Fernando was found to be positive during a routine Rapid Antigen Test (RAT) conducted on Saturday 12th February. The result of the RAT was confirmed following a PCR test which was conducted on the same day," SLC said on twitter.

Fernando, who was one of the most economical fast bowlers in the first T20I on February 11, missed the second game against the host on February 12 and will also miss Tuesday's game. 

With bowling figures of 2/12 in four overs, Binura was one of the most successful bowlers in the only T20I he played here.

Sri Lanka have been hit by several COVID-19 cases since arriving in Australia, with uncapped pacer Nuwan Thushara, who is in the 20-member squad, testing COVID-positive along with the team trainer Dilshan Fonseka on January 31.

Following the five-match T20I series against Australia, scheduled to end on February 20, Sri Lanka will travel to India for a two-match Test and three-match T20 series, starting February 25.

Ahmedabad
Cover Story
Crime
Ahmedabad Speaks
Civic
Education
Ballet Of Ballots
The Buzz Stops Here
Others
Entertainment
Bollywood
Hollywood
Unwind
Hip N Hap
Movie Review
Columns
Columnists
The Informer
Others
Ask The Sexpert
Aside
TalkBack
News
India
Asia Connect
World
Business
Sports
Cricket
Others
Local Sports
Others
You
Food
Sunday Read
SciTech
Specials
Lifestyle
Travel
Anniversary Special
Photos
News
Entertainment
Videos
Latest
News
Sports
Entertainment
Business
Lifestyle
Funny
Celebs

Powered by EterPride | © 2025 AhmedabadMirror, All Rights Reserved

Ahmedabad Mirror is an award-winning city newspaper from Shayona Times Pvt. Ltd. which covers news, views, sports, entertainment and features. A hyper local daily that is global in its approach.

About Us
Privacy Policy
Advertise with us
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer

Follow Us On
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ahmedabadmirror.com/kusal-mendis-gets-medical-clearance-to-play-third-t20i-against-australia/81821338.html 
 ----- 
