Submit
Subscribe for just 27¢ a day
Log In
SPORTS
‘I will be ok’: Australia’s Smith on road to recovery after concussion
Steve Smith
By Stabroek News February 15, 2022
      

(Reuters) – Australia batsman Steve Smith took to social media to reassure his fans he will be alright after suffering a concussion while attempting to save a six in Sunday’s Twenty20 international against Sri Lanka in Sydney.

Smith made an acrobatic dive in an attempt to prevent a six but fell over the boundary rope and slammed his head on the ground.

Team-mates Pat Cummins and Glen Maxwell rushed to his aid while signalling to the medical staff to attend to Smith, who stayed down clutching his head.

“Thanks everyone for reaching out. My head has felt better but I will be ok,” Smith wrote on Twitter yesterday.

Australia beat Sri Lanka in a Super Over to take a 2-0 lead in the five-match series. The third T20I will be played in Canberra today.

Australia tour Pakistan for a three-test series next month. The cricket board said Smith will miss the rest of the T20 series, but they expect him to make a full recovery in 6-7 days.

Smith is no stranger to concussions after he was hit on the head in the 2019 Ashes, forcing the 32-year-old to miss a match.

Smith’s concussion happened a day after Australian opening batter Will Pucovski was replaced in a domestic game due to concussion symptoms after receiving a knock on the head in the team’s warm-up.  

    
More in Sports
Sparta Boss triumphs in Kashif & Shanghai Futsal 2 h ago
GDF A wins Women’s Football Championship 2 h ago
Cycling Federation announces urgent extraordinary general meeting 2 h ago
Police tames Cougars to clinch third place 2 h ago
Harris returns to the UFC Octagon on January 11th 2 h ago
Rickelton’s marathon 259, Verreynne century thumps hapless Pakistan 2 h ago
Comments
Trending
Problems continue to mar pensioners $100,000 distribution
Shelf space renter charged with fraudulent conversion
Brazen attack on Chinese restaurant in Sophia leaves residents fearful
Gov’t developing new national housing policy – Croal
Dion Bascom did not issue apology to Azruddin Mohamed – counsel
Bamia Primary School to be handed over this month – Ferguson
Hot dog vendor seeks help after business destroyed by fire
Today's Paper

The ePaper edition, on the Web & in stores for Android, iPhone & iPad.

Try Now

Included free with your web subscription. Learn more.

Related Coverage
Australia deny Sri Lanka in Super Over
February 14, 2022
Ashton Agar receives death threat on social media
March 2, 2022
Australia captain Smith to return home from Sri Lanka to rest
August 25, 2016
Sign Up For The Morning Brief

A FREE roundup of top news from Guyana you might otherwise miss. Delivered every morning.

    
About Stabroek News Become a Subscriber Subscriber Help Newsletter Mobile Apps Archive Contact Us Place An Ad
© 1997 - 2025 Stabroek News 
46-47 Robb Street, Lacytown, Georgetown, Guyana.
 Terms of Service Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.stabroeknews.com/2022/02/15/sports/i-will-be-ok-australias-smith-on-road-to-recovery-after-concussion/ 
 ----- 
