Skip to content
Subscribe Now
65°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Investigative Reporting
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Politics
Health
Environment
Orange County
North OC
Anaheim
Brea
Buena Park
Cypress
Fullerton
Garden Grove
La Habra
La Palma
Orange + Villa Park
Placentia
Santa Ana
Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos
Stanton
Tustin
Westminster
Yorba Linda
South OC
Costa Mesa
Dana Point
Fountain Valley
Huntington Beach
Irvine
Laguna Beach
Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo
Laguna Hills
Ladera Ranch
Lake Forest
Laguna Woods
Mission Viejo
Newport Beach
Rancho Santa Margarita
San Clemente
San Juan Capistrano
Sports
Sports
Angels
Dodgers
Chargers
Rams
Ducks
Kings
Lakers
High School Sports
Clippers
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music + Concerts
Amusement Parks + Disneyland
Theater + Arts
Casinos
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Books
Comics
Puzzles
Best of Orange County
Orange County Register Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County January 9, 2025 at 10:45 am
SPORTSNBALAKERSAnalysis, News
Lakers looking to close trip strong after Anthony Davis aggravates foot injury
The Lakers, who close their five-game trip on Wednesday in Memphis, have been a dramatically different team when their All-Star big man has been off the court this season
Anthony Davis of the Lakers drives to the basket against Jalen Duren of the Detroit Pistons during the second half at Little Caesars Arena on November 4, 2024, in Detroit, Michigan. (Photo by Gregory Shamus/Getty Images)
By KHOBI PRICE | kprice@scng.com
UPDATED: November 5, 2024 at 2:42 PM PST

DETROIT — The Lakers’ 3-0 start to the season already feels like a distant memory.

With their 115-103 loss to the Detroit Pistons on Monday night, the Lakers (4-3) have dropped three of their last four games – all coming on the road during their ongoing five-game trip – after opening the season with three consecutive home victories.

Their lone win since leaving Los Angeles last weekend came against the Toronto Raptors on Friday.

The Lakers conclude the trip against the Memphis Grizzlies on Wednesday at FedExForum.

“We’re just two different teams right now,” Anthony Davis said after the loss to the Pistons. “One game we’re this team who showcased it can be one of the better teams in the league. Then the next, we’re this team who – I don’t even know who we are.

“So, we just got to be better. We just got to be better as players to come out, execute the gameplan and do what we’re supposed to do on both ends of the floor.”

There was uncertainty surrounding Davis following Monday’s game.

The All-Star big man, who is averaging an NBA-best 32.6 points per game, was gimpy late in the fourth quarter against the Pistons after LeBron James assisted him on a floater with 4:46 remaining.

The Lakers called a timeout 1½ minutes later, with Davis lying on the court and getting his left foot looked at by team trainers before finishing the game and saying afterward that he has been managing the issue since the summer.

“My goal for every game is to be on the floor,” Davis said. “And I just kind of landed directly on the spot that’s been killing me. So, we’ll figure it out.”

When asked about the severity of the foot issue, Davis responded: “I don’t know. I’m not sure to be honest. We’ll see. But we’ll take it a day at a time and kind of see how it feels and where it goes.”

When a reporter asked James about the status of the Lakers if Davis’ foot injury sidelined him for any time, Davis interrupted the question, saying, “He’s not out. You already asked that question.”

The Lakers listed Davis as questionable for Wednesday’s game, but they clearly can’t afford to be without him for a prolonged stretch.

They’ve had a net rating (point differential per 100 possessions) of plus-1.1 in the 142 minutes Davis played in the first four games of the trip compared to a net rating of minus-28.5 in the 50 minutes when he’s been on the bench.

The Lakers have cratered on both ends of the court without Davis on the trip: they’ve had an offensive rating (points scored per 100 possessions) of 116.4 and a defensive rating (points allowed per 100 possessions) of 115.4 with Davis on the floor vs. a 93.6 offensive rating and 122.1 defensive rating with him sitting.

“I don’t play the ‘if’ game,” James said. “We’ll go off what A.D. says and see how he feels over the next couple of days and go from there. But it don’t take a rocket scientist to know (the impact) if A.D.’s in or out. Come on.”

The Lakers, whose defense ranks No. 25 in the league (117.6 defensive rating) even with Davis playing at an elite level, are still looking to shore things up on that end of the floor after taking an even further step back during the trip. They have a defensive rating of 119.9 on the trip.

Coach JJ Redick mentioned transition and pick-and-roll defense as areas of improvement on Sunday.

RELATED ARTICLES
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
Gabe Vincent returns in Lakers’ loss to Mavericks, shoring up rotation
Lakers seek toughness ahead of game with depleted Mavericks

On the season, the Lakers are allowing, according to Synergy data on the league’s official website:

• 28.4 points in transition per game (No. 29), 1.21 points per possession in transition (tied for No. 27);

• 8.7 points per game to roll men in the pick and roll (No. 27) and 1.36 points per possession to the roll man (No. 30);

• 19 points per game to ball handlers in the pick and roll (No. 23) and 0.98 points per possession to ball handlers in the play type (No. 23).

Opponents finish possessions in transition or pick-and-rolls 43.8% of the time against the Lakers.

“We just need to start the game with a little more just pride defensively,” Redick said.

LAKERS at GRIZZLIES

When: Wednesday, 5 p.m.

Where: FedExForum, Memphis, Tenn.

TV/radio: Spectrum SportsNet/710 AM

Originally Published: November 5, 2024 at 11:55 AM PST
Around the Web
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Nevada Drivers See Benefits with New Low-Mileage Vehicle Policy
FlexGuide
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Apartments: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
Dangerous Signals That You Have Psoriatic Arthritis (Learn More!)
Psoriatic Arthritis
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
The Fungus Will Disappear in 2 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Nuubu
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
What Causes Myelodysplasia Might Surprise You. It's Not What You Think
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth No One Wants to Talk About!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
This Dental Candy Rebuilds Rotten Teeth & Gums Almost Overnight
Provadent
People Over 45 With Neuropathy Are in for a Big Surprise (It's Genius)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Dermatologist Begs: "Do This for Hair Loss Instead of Transplant"
WG Hair Restore
Lymph Fluid & Excessive Swelling? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Edema
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Stop Eating These 10 Most Harmful Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
15 Foods You Must Avoid for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Air Conditioners Without Outdoor Unit 2024 (see Price List)
Air Condition I Search Ads
7 Bipolar Symptoms Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quiz Test)
Bipolar Test I Search Ads
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts - Check Now
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Doctor: if You Have Joint, Knee or Back Pain - Try This
Healthier Living Tips
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Disney Imagineers who built Disneyland lost their homes in Altadena fire
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Anna Li, Jiani Wu suspended by U.S. Center for SafeSport for abusing athletes
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Dodgers sign 4 arbitration-eligible players to 1-year contracts
These are landmarks and businesses destroyed by Eaton, Palisades fires in LA County
Businesses sue state over new California workplace law
Man convicted of human trafficking of a minor in Orange County
Tom Hanks’ son: Palisades fire burning family’s neighborhood ‘to the ground’
Van moves to California drop to 2nd-lowest share on record
Paris Hilton watched her Malibu home burn down on live TV
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN LAKERS
Fires force Lakers’ Thursday game vs. Hornets to be postponed
Lakers look to get right during their longest homestand
Lakers blown out by short-handed Mavericks
Gabe Vincent returns in Lakers’ loss to Mavericks, shoring up rotation
2024
November
5
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Obituary
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT OC REGISTER
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
CONTACT US
Corrections
OC Register Store
Reader Rewards
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ocregister.com/2024/11/05/lakers-looking-to-close-road-trip-strong-after-anthony-davis-aggravates-foot-injury/ 
 ----- 
