CaribbeanCricket.com

The Independent Voice of West Indies Cricket
News
Forums
Login/Register
Message Board Archives
ALLEGEDLY, GRAVE SAY ICC, INDIA, AUS, ENG CONSPIRE TO SCREW US
 
Emir 2024-03-03 03:34:50 

Cricket West Indies CEO Jonny Grave has levelled serious allegations against International Cricket Council and top cricketing nations. He said that the apex body of cricket and other big teams are working against the Windies to make sure that they never become strong again.<div class="bbquote">
</div>


THEY KEEP US DOWN

 
Courtesy 2024-03-03 11:22:10 

Johnny, please don't depend on handouts to prop up a bad product. It is better to allow market forces to dictate the price...please concentrate on producing (developing) quality cricketers and CWI will reap the rewards.

Mendicants!!.

 
jacksparrow 2024-03-03 16:52:16 

More money to help themselves to

 
cricketmad 2024-03-03 18:08:18 

More matches are needed in my opinion. The top five teams should not be allowed to limit series against the lower rated teams to 2 or 3 matches. No series should be less than 4 matches. How do they expect teams to improve if they are not given sufficient opportunities to hone their skills at the international level ?

 
InHindsight 2024-03-03 20:47:18 

In reply to Courtesy

There are some well crafted schemes mitigating against us. Your point is valid though.

Aside from paying us pittance from ICC revenues our players are lured by the various T20 leagues. And it's impact cannot be understated. If you aren't convince just reflect on Shamar's Cinderella story. Had he not been in the team we would have been humiliated by Australia, not discounting the exceptional performances of the rest of the team.

The other impediment is with the FTPs and the limited number of tests ourselves and those apart from the big from three play.

If we can have a dedicated group guys who won't allow their talents to be prostituted by the IPL and other leagues then we can hope.

That is not a slight against the T20 cricket. In fact there's isnt need to explain how this format can work harmoniously along with the others, to improve players lives and the product sold to the viewing public.

But do we have what it takes to overcome these challenges?

 
Emir 2024-03-04 03:00:46 

In reply to cricketmad

well said

 
Conorboy 2024-03-04 04:10:06 

In reply to InHindsight

Fully agree, great to see Ireland win their first ever test match.
They have a bunch of players very similar to what you are asking for. Not as talented as ours but the desire and spirit is plentiful.
They will need more test matches to improve but the omens are good

 
Larr Pullo 2024-03-04 18:31:35 

Johnny Grave is correct!!

 
Jumpstart 2024-03-04 20:29:52 

In reply to InHindsight


And it's impact cannot be understated. If you aren't convince just reflect on Shamar's Cinderella story. Had he not been in the team we would have been humiliated by Australia, not discounting the exceptional performances of the rest of the team.

can we not say that of other west indian teams closer or during the glory years? WI reign as world #1 would have surely ended in 92/93 had curtly not ran through australia at perth. We had very good pacemen then yes but Bishop was relatively new and still recuperating from his first stress fracture and courtney walsh was not the bowler he became in the mid and late 90s. the other paceman was anderson cummins. We would have been whitewashed by Australia for a certainty had lara not been part of the team in 99. so even if the result is primarily down to one man, that one man is till part of our team.

 
imusic 2024-03-04 21:06:23 

In reply to InHindsight



If we can have a dedicated group guys who won't allow their talents to be prostituted by the IPL and other leagues then we can hope

How about having a dedicated group of selectors who wouldn’t fuck with players’ careers?

Or administrators who only have what’s best for WI cricket first and foremost in their actions rather than self serving actions?

You want players to be saints while administrators, selectors, coaches, fans and media get to do as they please in their own lives.

 
camos 2024-03-05 00:06:20 

Last two CWI presidents were complicit in some of the ICC recent moves in favor of the big teams!

 
Jumpstart 2024-03-05 12:20:58 

In reply to camos

doh tell courtesy dat eh. a certain WICB ADMINISTRATION had no problem stepping in yes when Sri Lanka pulled out of their scheduled 2009 visit to england because many of their best players would be in the IPL. WI too had or would have their star players involved in that year's IPL. Guess what happened?

 
KTom 2024-03-05 13:32:14 

Here's the podcast in question:

Link

Graves is on from ~57 mins to 1hr 10. It's part of a longer interview, the fruits of which will appear in a forthcoming Wisden Cricket Monthly. I wondered if the conspiracy take was a sensationalist headline but he pretty much does say that. Unfortunately, the interviewer lets it pass and the rest of the discussion hardly bears out the claim. It's really just a question of self-interest.



Since March the BCCI has been lobbying other boards to accept a new financial model, notionally drawn up by the ICC. But the ICC has no independent power, it is only a collective: a dozen full member nations plus 94 associates. Which really means the ICC takes instruction from India as the game’s lone financial superpower. The BCCI plan is that out of those 106 nations, India should receive 38.5% of all revenue. England, Australia and Pakistan would get around 6%, other full members 2% to 5%, while every associate nation between them – countries by definition “where cricket is firmly established and organised” – would get 11%.

Thanks to the overall broadcast rights increasing, most countries will still get a pay rise compared to their previous allocation, even as their proportion of the whole declines. That is why there won’t be much inclination to resist when the national representatives on the ICC board hold a vote on the proposal at their next meeting in June. More money is more money, and fighting the most powerful board is not in anyone’s interest.

Like most simplistic self-service, the BCCI’s argument makes sense at a glance. The recent broadcast sale was split across global regions, with most of the value coming from the Indian rights. If most income flows from India, shouldn’t most profit return the same way? But the BCCI is not India. It is a cabal of wealthy men who enjoy the influence and glory of being close to cricket. A board runs a team, not a country. The organisation has contributed long term to building cricket’s popularity, but the value of India’s broadcast market is fundamentally down to a huge population and a growing economy – not things for which a board deserves credit.

In any case, despite its corporate termite infestation, international sport is not a system of investors and dividends. It is symbolism and inspiration. It has commercial imperatives, but the bodies that organise it are at their foundation supposed to be altruistic. The point of sport is enjoyment and renewal of enjoyment. Their mission is first the care and then the growth of the game, a virtuous cycle of making it available to players who it might serve well and who might serve it in turn.

Dividing collective income should not be about desserts but a doctrine of need. Where is an amount of funding going to be most useful? Bear in mind that the $3bn ICC deal is only for World Cups and other global events. The BCCI is expecting another $3bn soon for its next set of bilateral broadcast rights, covering series against visiting teams that come to play India, and it recently sealed $6bn in rights for its domestic Indian Premier League.

On projection, the new ICC division would mean $231m a year for the BCCI, compared to $37m for CA, $26m for the Bangladesh board, $18m for Cricket Ireland, and $67m for the 96 associate nations in their entirety – on average $714,000 each. A few extra million to Ireland, for instance, could revolutionise its cricket existence. Subsidise Test series. Fund contracts to keep talented players. Invest in local leagues to keep lifting standards at home.

For India, even that huge allocation means little in the scheme of its wealth. It does have more constituents than anyone else, but little chance they will benefit. It has a board that loves making money and hates spending it. Its top national contracts are still lower than Australia’s or England’s. The IPL salary cap is one tenth of its broadcast deal. Domestic player pay remains paltry. Dire stadium conditions and ticketing treat spectators as worthless. Where the spending flows is luxury travel and accommodation for the suits that follow the team, staging dinners, gladhanding politicians, basking in the field’s reflected glow.


Link

As the article states, this deal only disburses the monies accruing from ICC's global rights' deals, mainly the World Cups and Champions Trophy. The bigger national boards like the ECB and ACB make most of their money from the sale of their own domestic rights. ECB's deal with Sky alone is said to be worth upto £250 million a year. In fact, it's this money, not the ICC's, that Graves seems more interested in - he wants touring teams to receive a larger cut of these domestic revenues.

 
Emir 2024-03-05 18:09:00 

In reply to imusic



 
db 2024-03-05 18:25:58 

In reply to cricketmad

Agree

 
db 2024-03-05 18:35:06 

In reply to camos

Weren’t these past presidents vying for leadership positions at the ICC, while they were screwing the Windies. One wonders how much objections these past presidents raised when their interest may have been ICC leadership.

 
camos 2024-03-05 22:30:31 

In reply to db

you are correct!

 
powen001 2024-03-08 23:51:42 

In reply to Courtesy

I wouldnt be that dismissive of his comments Courtesy.

We are all aware of the structures ,that appear harmless ,but really are like giving us a flat tire on every car then tell us to come drag race on their race tracks.

Main
Feedback
Site Map
 RSS Atom
Search
	
	
Live Scores
no matches
Coming Matches

All content posted on this site is © copyrighted to the original authors and published with their permission.
This site is in no way connected to Cricket West Indies (CWI).
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://caribbeancricket.com/topic/1220283 
 ----- 
