English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: Namibia vs UAE - Who will win T20 match between Namibia vs UAE ?

T20 World Cup 2022: Namibia vs UAE - Who will win T20 match between Namibia vs UAE ?
UAE is out of the race to qualify for the Super 12 Stage of the tournament.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 18 Oct 2022 04:45 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Date: 20 October 2022

Time:  01:30 PM IST

Venue:  Simonds Stadium, Geelong

Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App




Preview:

Namibia and UAE will go head to head in another crucial first-round fixture of the T20 World Cup. The Namibians, after a dominant start, suffered a clinical defeat against the Netherlands. Whereas UAE suffered another defeat despite solid performances against the toughest teams in their groups. 




Pitch Report:

The pitch at the Simonds Stadium has slowed down for the second fixture after being friendly towards the batters. The average score of T20 internationals on this ground is 149 while the average score in Domestic T20s is 155.




Team Analysis:




Namibia 




Namibia would want to improve their chances of qualifying after suffering defeat in the previous fixture. They were taken down by a resurging Dutch team that dominated all aspects of the game. Their batting failed to fire and managed to score just 121 in the 20 overs. Similarly in their bowing, Namibians failed to take early wickets and couldn’t recover from the situation.




SportsTiger's Probable Playing XI of Namibia  

Michael van Lingen, Divan la Cock, Stephan Baard, Jan Nicol Loftie-Eaton, Gerhard Erasmus (c), Jan Frylinck, David Wiese, JJ Smit, Zane Green (wk), Bernard Scholtz, Ben Shikongo




UAE

UAE had a heartbreaking loss against the Netherlands in the opening fixture and brought back their incredible bowling performance once against Sri Lanka. They managed to restrict the defending Asia Cup winners to 152 while picking up eight wickets. But their biggest concern has been their batting which once against cost them the game.




SportsTiger's Probable Playing XI of UAE  

Chirag Suri, Muhammad Waseem, Kashif Daud, Vriitya Aravind (wk), Aryan Lakra, Basil Hameed, Chundangapoyil Rizwan (c), Aayan Afzal Khan, Karthik Meiyappan, Junaid Siddique, Zahoor Khan




Match Prediction:

  





Conclusion:

Namibia looks like a better-rounded team in comparison to UAE and hence is the favourite to win this fixture.




Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

01 January 2025

Karnataka High Court issues stay order on arrest warrant against Robin Uthappa in PF fraud case

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-namibia-vs-uae-who-will-win-t20-match-between-namibia-vs-uae 
 ----- 
