Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
England
England Set To Confirm Coaching Appointment As Star Player To See Specialist Over Neck Injury
England set to confirm coaching appointment as star player to see specialist over neck injury
Adam Kyriacou
24 Sep 2024 6:29 PM
1

England head coach Steve Borthwick watching scrum-half Alex Mitchell.

England are close to completing a deal with ex-Bristol back-row Joe El-Abd to become their new defence coach following the resignation of Felix Jones last month.

The 44-year-old, who is currently head coach of Pro D2 team Oyonnax in France, is reportedly set to be in the England set-up in time for the end-of-year Tests.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

Since Jones resigned after less than a year in the position, a handful of candidates emerged as his potential replacement, but El-Abd seems to have been chosen.

Bristol favourite

The former flanker was a Bristol favourite during his playing days in England and also represented Caerphilly in Wales, as well as Toulon and Oyonnax in France.

His coaching career has been centred in France, however, with a spell at Castres having been bookended by two stints at Oyonnax where he is currently head coach.

According to the Telegraph and BBC Sport, El-Abd has seen off ex-England assistant coach Paul Gustard and Stormers coach Norman Laker to the Twickenham job.

El-Abd is no stranger to head coach Steve Borthwick as they were flat-mates at Bath University so the pair know each other well from their earlier playing days.

Loose Pass: Argentina’s revival under Felipe Contepomi, the ‘ludicrous’ Tom Curry decision and Stuart Hogg under the microscope

Ad

It remains to be seen whether Jones will remain in situ for the remainder of the year as he is serving a 12-month notice period, with his next role still unclear.

BBC Sport believe El-Abd could be in place ahead of England’s training camp at the end of October as the side looks to enjoy a solid Autumn Nations Series.

Borthwick’s men kick off their end-of-year internationals with a game against New Zealand on November 2 before taking on Australia, South Africa and Japan.

Alex Mitchell concern

Meanwhile, England scrum-half Alex Mitchell will see a specialist on Thursday to gauge the extent of a neck problem which has sidelined him so far this season.

Mitchell missed Northampton‘s Premiership opener at Bath last Friday after he withdrew from their final pre-season friendly versus Bedford one week earlier.

Director of rugby Phil Dowson said immediately after the Bath fixture that Mitchell had taken a knock to his neck with the club awaiting the results of a scan.

Ad

Northampton continue their Premiership campaign when they host Exeter Chiefs on Saturday, but England star Mitchell is again unlikely to be in contention.

“He is seeing a specialist again on Thursday, so more update really, then, in terms of timeline and what it looks like,” Dowson said during a press conference.

Ad
How many end-of-year Tests will England win?
One
Two
Three
Four

Mitchell, who has won 18 caps, has locked down the England number nine jersey over the past year.

And head coach Borthwick will therefore be keeping a close eye on developments with the November opener against New Zealand less than six weeks away.

In-form Bath captain Ben Spencer, who provided bench cover for Mitchell during both summer Tests against the All Blacks, offers a quality back-up option.

But the electric Mitchell has made the position his own under Borthwick, and any long-term absence would prove a significant blow for club and country.

Content continues below

Ad

READ MORE: Brett Gosper believes rugby not as ‘ruthless’ as ‘spectacular’ NFL and the ‘drastic’ step that could ‘rebalance’ the game

England
Alex Mitchell
Joe El-Abd
Steve Borthwick
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Louis Chapman Coombe
30 Dec 2024
England winners and losers: ‘Genius’ scrum-half ‘proves a point’ while Saracens men lose key positional battles

Here are our England winners and losers after the latest round of the Premiership.

Alex Spink
27 Dec 2024
World Cup winner compares England star to Antoine Dupont and suggests he could bridge the gap with the Springboks

Matt Dawson told Alex Spink that Alex Mitchell could be the man to change England's fortunes.

Colin Newboult
22 Dec 2024
Saracens v Northampton winners and losers: England hooker a ‘man on a mission’ ahead of Six Nations as Saints forwards ‘lose physical battle’

Our winners and losers from Saracens' victory over Northampton Saints in the Premiership.

Louis Chapman Coombe
21 Dec 2024
‘He has to be in the international talk’ – England prospect talked up by Gloucester boss

Seb Atkinson has been a standout for Gloucester this year.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
10 minutes ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
2 hours ago
5
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
4 hours ago
1
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
4 hours ago
3
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
5 hours ago
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
3 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/england-set-to-confirm-coaching-appointment-as-star-player-to-see-specialist-over-neck-injury 
 ----- 
