Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
News
Man Utd Transfers: January Links To 'next Jack Grealish' Crushed As Dan Ashworth Gets Firm Hands-off Warning
Man Utd links to classy Southampton teenager crushed as Dan Ashworth is given firm hands-off warning
James Marshment
24 Sep 2024 10:12 AM

Southampton winger Tyler Dibling has been linked with Manchester United

Southampton manager Russell Martin claims “every club in the world” would like to sign Tyler Dibling but has warned suitors-in-chief Manchester United that luring him away will not be easy, amid revelations of how they plan to keep the teenage star at St Mary’s.

The 18-year-old has shot to fame this season after making five appearances for Saints, winning a penalty against Manchester United in a recent 3-0 defeat and then having scored his first-ever senior goal in a 1-1 draw against Ipswich Town last time out.

Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
What is your team's manager looking for...
Amorim puts onus on Rashford | 'He has...
Debates, wind-ups, zorb footie! | Carra...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
Amorim doubles down on relegation...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
<
>

Branded the ‘next Jack Grealish’ for his dribbling technique and for the way he wears his socks around his ankles, interest in the teenager has quickly developed off the back off the electrifying start to his Southampton career.

Already touted with a move to Manchester United before his excellent run that teased Diogo Dalot into conceding a penalty against him, that interest is reported by HITC to have intensified as a result, with Dibling also being eyed by both Newcastle and Tottenham.

Indeed, it is claimed that United sporting director Dan Ashworth sees the England Under-19s international as a major star of the future and having earmaked him as a top 2025 transfer target for the Red Devils.

However, Saints boss Martin is adamant Dibling is going nowhere, despite an admission that he is well aware of the growing interest in his teenage talent.

“I think when you’re 18 and you’re playing in the Premier League at the level he has, then every club in the world probably looks at you,” Martin told the Daily Echo.

Ad

“He’s ours. The club have turned down bids for him previously since I’ve been here. It’s not a secret to people who have watched under-21s football.”

READ MORE ➡️ Seven amazing Man Utd teenagers who could save Ratcliffe millions in the transfer market

Tyler Dibling: Southampton willing to offer Man Utd target a new deal

Dibling is contracted to St Mary’s until 2026 and actually left the club previously, when in July 2022, he was lured away by Chelsea with the promise of a professional deal at Stamford Bridge.

But having failed to settle in London, Dibling returned just two months later and having made just two appearances for their Under-18s side.

Now Martin believes that could work to their advantage and suggests they could offer the player an extension to his current arrangement.

Ad

“He left the club and didn’t enjoy it where he went so he came back. We ultimately want what’s best for him and he has a great support network around him.

“We have to make sure he is constantly enjoying it and that we are playing a style that he can flourish in. ”

On the possibility of a new deal, Martin added: “The speculation is nothing for him or for me. We are in a strong position and I’m sure we will look at securing and strengthening that even more.

“If he carries on doing what he is doing then he will deserve that. He just needs to focus on football and concentrate on what he is doing.”

Man Utd eye Bruno Fernandes heir / Mount handed assurances

Elsewhere, Ashworth is reported to have earmarked potential a potential heir for Bruno Fernandes in the form of RB Salzburg star Oscar Gloukh.

The Israel international has put up some impressive numbers in recent times, leading to speculation he will soon become the next big-name star in the making to leave the Austrian champions.

Content continues below

Ad

And while United remain happy with Fernandes, who is very much the heartbeat of their side, it’s claimed Gloukh has been outlined as a potential future heir for the 30-year-old when the time comes for the Red Devils to replace him.

Meanwhile, Fabrizio Romano has revealed United have given Mason Mount assurances that he will still be able to play a leading role in the club’s future and amid claims they regret signing him in the first place.

The 25-year-old cost £55m when moving form Chelsea last summer but has had a wretched time with injuries since moving north and has already picked up a hamstring strain this season.

However, Romano has explained why the United coaches remain committed to getting the best out of Mount and that they have no desire to move him on.

Who is Tyler Dibling?

By Ryan Baldi

Born in Exeter, Dibling first joined Southampton’s youth ranks at the age of six, before spending a year with hometown club Exeter City and then returning to the Saints in 2014.

Content continues below

Ad

In a Premier League 2 game against Newcastle United in April 2022, Dibling scored a hat-trick of near-identical goals, each time driving through the centre of the pitch and lashing in a low, left-footed effort from 20 yards.

Shortly after his first senior involvement as an unused substitute in a Premier League game against Brentford, Dibling briefly left Southampton to sign for Chelsea in July 2022, with the Blues fending off rival interest from Newcastle. But he was unable to settle with the Stamford Bridge club, making just two under-18s appearances before returning to the Saints the following September.

Dibling made his professional debut in a 3-1 EFL Cup defeat to Gillingham in August 2023 and ended the 2023-24 campaign with five senior outings under his belt, including one substitutes’ appearance in the Championship against Sheffield Wednesday in a 4-0 win.

A 3-0 defeat at home to Manchester United on 14 September brought a first Premier League start for Dibling. And despite his side’s heavy loss, the youngster impressed with his directness up against United full-back Diogo Dalot.

Content continues below

Ad

One week later, Dibling scored his first senior goal for the Saints, calmly side-footing into the net from close range just six minutes into the game. His strike in the 1-1 draw made him Southampton’s fourth-youngest scorer in the Premier League era.

Wearing his socks low around his ankles and with a fearless approach to taking on full-backs, Dibbling has drawn stylistic comparisons to England star Jack Grealish. In addition to notching his first senior goal in the Ipswich draw on September 21, the 18-year-old also completed a game-high three successful dribbles.

And his low socks and swaggering dribbling style are not the only reason Dibling is being likened to the Manchester City winger. Like Grealish, the Southampton teenager is also adept at enticing challenges and winning free kicks for his team. Against Manchester United, he won four free kicks, more than any other player on the pitch. And in his standout showing versus Ipswich, he won another four, a tally only the Tractor Boys’ Liam Delap could match.

A decade after he left to join Liverpool in a £25 million move, Adam Lallana is back at Southampton and the former St Mary’s icon has played a key role in developing Dibling. “Lallana has been most helpful,” Dibling said. “He’s done it at the top level already and is always asking me questions and giving us advice.”

An England youth international since being selected for the Young Lions under-16s in 2021, Dibling made his under-19s debut earlier this season, featuring in a 1-1 draw with Croatia.

Ad
Which position should Man Utd prioritise in January?
Left-back
Central midfield
Winger
Other

Dan Ashworth
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Steve Pearson
12 Dec 2024
Why Arteta DOESN’T want Dan Ashworth at Arsenal revealed, as two more reasons behind shock Man Utd exit emerge

A rift may be brewing at Arsenal over Dan Ashworth replacing Edu as sporting director, while a report has revealed two more reasons why the executive didn't work out at Man Utd

Dan Ashworth
Mikel Arteta
Rudy Galetti
12 Dec 2024
New Everton owners consider bold addition of Dan Ashworth, with banned director also courted

Exclusive: Two big names are being courted by the Friedkin Group to start off their tenure at Everton, with Dan Ashworth joined by a banned director on the list

Everton
Dan Ashworth
Ben Jacobs
11 Dec 2024
Dan Ashworth replacements: Man Utd links with PSG, Newcastle chiefs debunked as Ratcliffe ponders another restructure

Man Utd are in no hurry to bring in a big name to replace Dan Ashworth and sources behind the scenes at Old Trafford are already formulating a plan for the short-term

Manchester United
Dan Ashworth
James Marshment
11 Dec 2024
Dan Ashworth exit at Man Utd blamed on ‘power struggle’ as Ratcliffe’s ‘lack of clarity’ is slammed

Ashworth lost his job at Man Utd over a "power struggle", it has been claimed, while Ratcliffe's running of the club has come in for some strong criticism

Manchester United
Dan Ashworth
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
23 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
02 Jan 2025
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Barcelona weigh up blockbuster Chelsea raid as plan B if Dani Olmo registration fails
01 Jan 2025
Chelsea
Pundits
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
10 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/news/man-utd-links-classy-southampton-teenager-crushed-dan-ashworth-given-firm-hands-off-warning 
 ----- 
