Sign in  Register
COUNTRIES
TOURNAMENTS
NEWS
ZAMBIA CHASE BACK-TO-BACK WINS
Patson Daka of Zambia

by Staff Reporter

Monday Nov 20, 2023. 15:00

Zambia will chase back-to-back wins in their 2026 World Cup Qualifying campaign when they face Niger at Stade de Marrakesh in Morocco on the evening of Tuesday 21 November 2023.




Zambia opened Group E with an entertaining 4-2 win over Congo in Ndola last Friday, with Patson Daka (two), Lameck Banda and Fashion Sakala sharing the goals at the Levy Mwanawasa Stadium.




With group favourites Morocco only getting their campaign underway in a concurrent match against Tanzania in Dar Es Salaam on Tuesday night, this clash presents Chipolopolo with a chance to get a ‘jump’ on the Atlas Lions in the race for a spot at the next World Cup.




“We needed to show a lot of good football and mentality especially in the second half. We started the game well and we were leading 1-0,” said Zambia coach Avram Grant.




“But we slept a little bit and they scored two fantastic goals to be honest. Congo is a good team and know how to play good football




“Second half we dominated the game completely and this is game which could have ended even more. We missed good chances and they also missed two good chances but we deserved to win.”




Niger, meanwhile, opened their campaign on a low note, as they suffered a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Tanzania in Marrakesh on Saturday evening.




Charles M’Mombwa scored the only goal of the game 11 minutes into the second half as the Taifa Stars got the better of the Menas.




In head-to-head stats, Niger and Zambia have met in three matches, dating back as far as 2014. Two games have ended in draws, with one victory going the way of Chipolopolo. The teams last met in an international friendly in October 2019 which ended in a 1-1 draw.


CLICK HERE TO VISIT AFRICAN FOOTBALL ZAMBIA


Niger news page »
Zambia news page »
2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers - Africa tournament »
2023-11-21 Niger vs Zambia match »






COMMENTS
Sign in with:  	
Sign in to comment
RELATED NEWS
WCQ Super Eagles’ must-win match headlines Sunday
WCQ African champs join SA & Tanzania in claiming victories
WCQ Teranga Lions rack up easy win
WCQ SA secure nervy win over Benin
WCQ Vitoria: Playing away in Africa is never easy
WCQ Warriors & Super Eagles set to collide in exciting clash
WCQ South Africa and Senegal hoping to make positive starts
WCQ Côte d'Ivoire put nine past Seychelles
WCQ Zambia fight back to beat Congo
WCQ Williams comes up clutch for Ghana
WCQ African champs commence 2026 WCQ campaign
WCQ South Africa, Benin set for key Durban clash
WCQ Black Stars top the WCQ bill on Friday
WCQ Salah stars for Egypt, Nigeria fail to impress
WCQ Nigeria only pick up a point against Lesotho


TWEETS
African Football @AfrFootball
NEWS
All News
South African News
Cote d'Ivoire News
Egyptian News
Ghana News
Kenyan News
Nigerian News
Zambian News
TOURNAMENTS
2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers - Africa
2024/25 CAF Champions League
2024/25 CAF Confederation Cup
Betway Premiership 2024/25
2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers
MORE
Galleries
Polls
ABOUT US
About
Advertise on African Football
Contact Us
© 2025 African Football All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy  Terms and Conditions  Disclaimer  Contact

Site managed by 

X
Important information regarding cookies
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://africanfootball.com/news/810849/Zambia-chase-back-to-back-wins 
 ----- 
