Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
3 months ago
SportFootball
England v Finland LIVE: Nations League result as Harry Kane scores twice on 100th appearance

England 2-0 Finland: Two goals from the captain were enough for Lee Carsley’s team to secure a second win of the autumn international break

Michael Jones
Tuesday 10 September 2024 17:56 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
(Mike Egerton/PA Wire)

England continued their winning streak under interim manager Lee Carsley as they backed up their victory over the Republic of Ireland with a 2-0 win against Finland at Wembley.

The Three Lions impressed in the first half in Dublin with a free-flowing and agressive style of play but here they were frustrated trying to break through a low block though Anthony Gordon was a bright spark on the left side especially when combining with Jack Grealish and Rico Lewis.

Harry Kane, making his 100th appearance for England tonight, thought he’d opened the scoring with a fine header from Bukayo Saka’s cross but the goal was chalked off for offside resulting in a goalless first 45 minutes.

But, Kane broke the deadlock with a blistering second half strike. He added a second after being fed the ball in the box by substitute Noni Madueke and capped off a night to remember with another superb win.

Relive all the updates from the Nations League match between England and Finland below.

RECOMMENDED
Trent Alexander-Arnold’s new role hints at what Lee Carlsey’s England will be
Lee Carsley believes the ‘manager’ is becoming extinct as he coaches England’s new way
Lee Carsley responds to furore over his national anthem silence after England beat Ireland
ENGLAND V FINLAND LIVE
REPORT: The one part of ‘Carsball’ that should have England fans excited
ANALYSIS: Harry Kane brings up 100 caps on golden night – and he really can score 100 England goals
RATINGS: Angel Gomes and Trent Alexander-Arnold shine in Wembley win
FT England defeat Finland 2-0 in the Nations League
76’ GOAL! Kane doubles England’s lead after a fine move (ENG 2-0 FIN)
57’ GOAL! Kane finally opens the scoring and rattles past Hradecky (ENG 1-0 FIN)
54’ SAVE! Hradecky denies Kane from a free kick (ENG 0-0 FIN)
41’ CLOSE Alexander-Arnold’s shot is pulled wide (ENG 0-0 FIN)
23’ DISALLOWED! Kane meets Saka’s cross and heads home but he’s offside (ENG 0-0 FIN)
21’ SAVE! Kane drills a shot at Hradecky who keeps it out (ENG 0-0 FIN)
Pinned
The one part of ‘Carsball’ that should have England fans excited – even if it is only Nations League B

As much as this match rightfully became about Harry Kane, there was something else it resembled as Lee Carsley’s England fluidly worked the ball to the centurion for his 67th and 68th international goals. It was like one of the top Premier League teams patiently moving a Championship side around until the gaps presented themselves.

That is intended to be much more positive than it sounds, even if nights like this show – well – the less exhilarating side of the Nations League. International football isn’t all tournament intensity where emotions are pushed to the limits. It is usually this kind of night, especially if you are an elite-level squad relegated to the competition’s second division, as England are.

A limited but respectable side like Finland will dig in and make it difficult for you, potentially making it a long night.

The one part of ‘Carsball’ that should have England fans excited

England 2-0 Finland: It’s early days but Lee Carsley’s team are already producing a Premier League dynamism that the Three Lions struggled to find under Gareth Southgate

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:47
Pinned
Harry Kane brings up 100 caps on golden night – and he really can score 100 England goals

He wore golden boots, just as he has won them. Three as the Premier League’s top scorer, one for outscoring everyone else in a World Cup. It was a fitting way to mark Harry Kane’s century of caps, though. Not the most fitting: that came after the presentations. England 2-0 Finland was Kane 2-0 Finland, a golden night for the golden boots.

Yet there is something unflashy to him. Kane has been defined by goals but he has also exuded a reliability. “I want to score goals,” he said; a bland enough statement but a motto for his career. It was unsurprising, then, on his 100th cap and with England requiring a goal, that Kane obliged.

He took Trent Alexander-Arnold’s pass, turned away from Robert Ivanov in deft fashion and then delivered the brutal finish, rising as it flew past Lukas Hradecky. It was typical of a man whose hunger is rarely sated by one that he swept in another, with expert precision, from Noni Madueke’s pass.

Harry Kane brings up 100 caps – and he really can score 100 England goals

England 2-0 Finland: Kane scored twice on his landmark night wearing golden boots as he set about hunting down a new goalscoring target

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:36
3 months ago
Harry Kane speaking in the post-match press conference:

“My son was having a bit of a meltdown it was past his bedtime, thankfully my wife was there to look after him. I don’t think I was even thinking of 100 caps when I was on loan at Millwall, Norwich and Leicester.

“At that time it was about getting back into the Spurs team. I have always had a good self belief. I have learned a lot of over the years with Mauricio [Pochettino] when he was at Spurs.

“The game is evolving a bit and it is great for me to keep learning. I would for sure be proud If I knew I was going to get 100 caps.”

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:56
3 months ago
FT England 2-0 Finland

England remain unbeaten against Finland, with this their 10th victory across their 12 meetings (drawn two). They’ve won their four home games against the Finns by an aggregate score of 11-2.

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:52
3 months ago
FT England 2-0 Finland

Lee Carsley is the first England manager to win his first two competitive games and keep a clean sheet in both since Steve McClaren in 2006. Indeed, Jordan Pickford has only had to make one save across Carsley’s first two games in charge (in the 11th minute against Republic of Ireland).

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:48
3 months ago
FT England 2-0 Finland

Harry Kane scored his 26th and 27th goals in 35 appearances at Wembley for his country; already the most of any England player at the venue.

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:44
3 months ago
FT England 2-0 Finland

Lille’s Angel Gomes became the first player to start for England while playing for a French club since Marseille’s Trevor Steven in June 1992 (v France).

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:40
3 months ago
Harry Kane wears golden boots as he scores twice on 100th England cap

Harry Kane was sporting a pair of golden boots as England took on Finland in his 100th appearance for the national side – and scored twice wearing the new footwear.

Only nine players have reached 100 caps for England before Kane, and the Bayern Munich forward led his side out in the Nations League match at Wembley Stadium on Tuesday.

The Football Association made pre-match ceremony which included a golden cap presentation, made by Frank Lampard.

Harry Kane wears golden boots as he scores twice on 100th England cap

Harry Kane had a slightly different look than usual during England’s game against Finland

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:32
3 months ago
Harry Kane awarded golden cap by England legend - but it all gets too much for his son

Harry Kane was awarded a gold cap to mark his 100th England appearance on Tuesday night (10 September) - but the celebration was all too much for his young son.

The striker, 31, was accompanied onto the Wembley pitch by his two daughters ahead of kick-off against Finland, where he became the first player to reach 100 games since Wayne Rooney achieved the feat in November 2014.

But as Kane lined up with his teammates, the ITV cameras cut back to the tunnel, where his crying son was being carried away.

The Bayern Munich star was presented his gold cap by fellow England centurion Frank Lampard.

Harry Kane awarded golden cap by England legend - but it all gets too much for his son
Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:28
3 months ago
FT England 2-0 Finland

Noni Madueke speaking to BBC Radio 5 Live: “It was great to make my first appearance for the national team and I am really proud of myself. It has been a great week, the boys are great and the staff and players have made me feel welcome.

“It tried to go out there and be direct and cause problems. I got an assist for Harry [Kane] on his 100th appearance - it can’t get much better than that. It is fitting that Harry got both goals - it is his night.

“It is fun to work with Harry because if you give him the ball in the box he is going to get you an assist - Stonesy [John Stones] has been great with me and Dec [Rice], Jack [Grealish] - it is a great group of lads.

“I cannot wait to get back to Chelsea and to keep performing.”

Mike Jones10 September 2024 22:24
Newer
1
 / 10
Older
More aboutEngland Football TeamEngland (football)Nations LeagueFinland footballLee Carsley
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/england-finland-live-stream-score-result-b2609385.html 
 ----- 
