The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Cubs' comeback falls short in 10-8 loss to Dodgers: 'You just keep on fighting'
The Cubs rallied from an early deficit to tie the score but couldn’t quite pull off a series sweep.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 12, 2024, 5:08am UTC

The Cubs’ Cody Bellinger runs the bases after hitting a home run during the fifth inning against the Dodgers in Los Angeles on Wednesday. Ian Happ and Dansby Swanson also scored. 

Ashley Landis/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

LOS ANGELES — A series victory against the Dodgers, one of only two playoff-bound teams left on the Cubs’ schedule entering the week, was undeniably a good result.

But a 10-8 loss Wednesday, with the Cubs so close to pulling off a comeback, was a painful way for them to wrap up their visit to Dodger Stadium.

‘‘We played two excellent games on the bases and on defense,’’ manager Craig Counsell said. ‘‘[On Wednesday], we played a really good game, but we made two mistakes on the bases. And that contributed to it just not being enough.’’

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
Free agent Roki Sasaki has yet to 'narrow the field,' but the Cubs at least cleared the first step
Cubs trade first baseman Matt Mervis to Marlins for utility player Vidal Brujan
How you voted on the best, worst Chicago sports stories of 2024
LATEST STORIES
Former Bears DE Robert Quinn arrested again in South Carolina
Dr. Ngozi Ezike, ex-public health chief behind Illinois' COVID-19 response, fined $150K for ethics violation
BTS member J-Hope announces first solo world tour, which includes Chicago stop
Meta nixes diversity and inclusion program as it prepares for second Trump administration
Anita Bryant, singer who became known for opposition to gay rights, dies at 84
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HEALTH
2 infants have died of seasonal flu in Chicago, health officials say
It comes after no children died of the seasonal flu during the 2023-24 season, which runs from September to May, according to the agency.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 10, 2025, 10:22pm UTC
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR
Mandatory road tests for drivers starting at 87? That's too late.
An 85-year-old Hyde Park reader is just fine with the state’s current law for mandatory tests at 65. Others write about surviving another Trump presidency, rezoning along Broadway, the U.S. position on South Korea and Chicago school funding.
By Letters to the Editor  Jan 10, 2025, 10:21pm UTC
THEATER
'Uncle Vanya' gets little help from staging in factory, but sublime performances are not to be missed
This is a highly intimate production with an amazingly accomplished cast, and some of the performances rank right up there with the best versions of these characters I’ve seen.
By Steven Oxman | For the Sun-Times  Jan 10, 2025, 10:10pm UTC
TRANSPORTATION
Red Line extension funding now certain as CTA, feds sign grant agreement
The funding agreement ensures the $1.97 billion grant cannot be clawed back by a new presidential administration, Chicago Transit Authority President Dorval Carter said.
By David Struett  Jan 10, 2025, 10:09pm UTC
TAXES
Illinois joins IRS Direct File program, allowing some taxpayers to file federal taxes for free
The pilot program was launched in 2023 by the federal agency and initially was only available in 12 states.
By Aidan Sadovi | For the Sun-Times  Jan 10, 2025, 9:59pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/12/cubs-comeback-falls-short-in-10-8-loss-to-dodgers 
 ----- 
