CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 02:08, October 16, 2024
Australia end Japan's winning run as Saudis held by Bahrain
By Reuters
Share
Japan's Ayase Ueda (left) and Australia's Patrick Yazbek compete for the ball during the World Cup 2026 Group C qualifying soccer match between Australia and Japan at Saitama Stadium in Saitama, Japan, on Oct 15, 2024. (PHOOT / AP)

HONG KONG - Australia halted Japan's rampant start to Asia's World Cup preliminaries on Tuesday as Tony Popovic's side eked out a 1-1 draw with the Group C leaders while Saudi Arabia's struggles continued as they were held to a 0-0 draw by Bahrain in Jeddah.

The Japanese had won nine consecutive World Cup qualifiers without conceding but Shogo Taniguchi put Lewis Miller's low cross into his own goal in the 58th minute to give the Socceroos an unexpected lead.

Popovic, in his second game in charge since replacing Graham Arnold last month, had set his side up in an ultra-defensive formation and looked to hold on to their advantage.

But substitute Keito Nakamura eventually unlocked the Socceroos' defence with 14 minutes remaining, dancing through the backline before powering the ball across the face of goal for Cameron Burgess to strike into his own net.

Australia's goalkeeper Joe Gauci concedes an own goal during the FIFA World Cup 2026 Asian zone qualifiers football between Japan and Australia at Saitama Stadium in Saitama on Oct 15, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

The result moves Japan, looking for an eighth successive World Cup qualification, onto 10 points from four games with the Australians five points behind in second place, level on five points with Saudi Arabia and Bahrain.

Captain Salem Al-Dawsari saw his 20th-minute penalty saved by Ebrahim Lutfalla in Jeddah as the Saudis failed to break down their visitors and Roberto Mancini's side have only won once in their four games in the current phase of qualifying.

ALSO READ: China end losing streak with victory over Indonesia in World Cup qualifiers

The Republic of Korea, who have appeared at every World Cup since 1986, secured a 3-2 win over Iraq in Seoul as Hong Myung-bo's side registered a second victory in a row to move three points clear at the top of Group B.

Oh Se-hun put the ROK ahead in the top-of-the-table clash four minutes before halftime but Aymen Hussein's overhead kick five minutes into the second half levelled the score.

Oh Hyeon-gyu restored the ROK's lead with 16 minutes remaining and Lee Jae-sung scored his side's third nine minutes later to leave Ibrahim Bayesh's 95th minute goal as nothing more than a consolation for Jesus Casas' team.

The Republic of Korea's Oh Se-hun (right) fights for the ball with Iraq's Ahmed Ali Faez Atiyah during the Asian qualifier group B match for 2026 World Cup between the ROK and Iraq at Yongin Mireu Stadium in Yongin, the ROK, on Oct 15, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

Jordan jumped ahead of the Iraqis and into second place on goal-difference in the group with a 4-0 trouncing of Oman as Yazan Al Naimat and Ali Olwan each scored twice in Amman while Palestine picked up a point with a 2-2 draw against Kuwait.

Uzbekistan needed a 76th-minute penalty from Otobek Shukurov to beat the 10-man United Arab Emirates 1-0 in Group A in Tashkent and Iran kept pace with a 4-1 come-from-behind thrashing of Qatar.

Almoez Ali put the Asian Cup holders in front with a first-time strike in the 17th minute but Sardar Azmoun scored either side of the interval to put Iran ahead.

Mohammed Mohebi added the third in the 65th minute and put the seal on the win deep into injury time.

READ MORE: Depleted Brazil brace for must-win World Cup qualifiers

Kyrgzstan, meanwhile, notched up their first-ever win in this phase of qualifying with Khristiyan Brauzman scoring the only goal in their 1-0 victory over the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in Bishkek.

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
China's basketball star Cui dealt crushing double blow
CBA: Shanxi climbs to 2nd place, Zhejiang's winning streak stopped
England in tough Women's Euro 2025 group with France and Netherlands
Bournemouth's Unal rescues point with superb strike against West Ham
Spanish football association elects Louzan as new chief after long turmoil
Marauding Inter shock Lazio with stunning 6-0 away win
Manchester United's Diallo snatches derby victory at stunned City
Sarr at the double as Palace end Brighton's unbeaten home run
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/595410 
 ----- 
