Cricket News
Match Prediction
Fantasy Tips
Series
IPL
IPL 2025
IPL 2024
IPL 2023
IPL 2022
IPL 2021
IPL 2020
IPL 2019
 
CRICKET NEWS
MATCH PREDICTION
FANTASY TIPS
SERIES
IPL
IPL 2025
WTC
Home  Match Center
AFG VS IRE 1ST ODI
1st ODI, Sharjah, March 07, 2024, 05:00 PM
Afghanistan
310/5(50.0ov)
Ireland
275/8(50.0ov)

Afghanistan beat Ireland by 35 runs

AFG 100%

Tie 0%

IRE 0%

Summary
Score Card
Commentary
Teams
Probable Playing XI
Afghanistan: Hashmatullah Shahidi(c), Ibrahim Zadran, Mohammad Nabi, Gulbadin Naib, Rahmat Shah, Azmatullah Omarzai, Ikram Alikhil†, Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Fazalhaq Farooqi, Noor Ahmad, AM Ghazanfar.

Ireland: Andy Balbirnie, Paul Stirling(c), Harry Tector, George Dockrell, Andy McBrine, Curtis Campher, Lorcan Tucker†, Graham Hume, Theo van Woerkom, Craig Young, Mark Adair.
RECENT PERFORMANCE
AFG
W
W
W
L
W
IRE
W
L
L
L
L
PLAYER PERFORMANCE
IRE
AFG
Man of the Match	Rahmanullah Gurbaz
COMMENTRY
Right then, that is it from the game. Afghanistan have taken a 1-0 lead in this ODI series. The action continues as the second game will be played on Saturday, the 9th of March. The game will begin at 5 pm IST (11.30 am GMT). Do join us for the early build up as well. Until then, take care, and cheers!
Hashmatullah Shahidi, the skipper of Afghanistan, says that he is happy with my team's performance. He adds that they played really well out there and they had to do something special. He says that Fazal bowled well with the new ball and Ibrahim and Gurbaz were amazing with the bat. Ends by saying that they will hope they carry on with the winning momentum.
Paul Stirling, the skipper of Ireland, says that Afghanistan are the deserving winner, as they played better than them. He adds that the toss was the factor and Harry Tector has been superb with the bat. Ends by saying that they will turn the tables at the end of the series.
Rahmanullah Gurbaz is the Player of the Match. He says that he is happy with the win. Says that they all played well and he always loved batting with Ibrahim. Says that the wicket was not easy at start but they did well in the end. Credits the bowlers for their effort and he feels excited about his hundred.
Time for the presentations...
Mohammad Nabi is in for a chat. He says that the wicket was good and there was dew as well. Adds that they bowled tight lines and lengths and got their rewards. Says that Gurbaz played well and showed his class. Ends by saying that hitting is going well and he hopes to do well in the coming games as well.
Earlier in the game, Afghanistan scored 310 runs for the loss of 5 wickets. Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran had a strong opening partnership of 150 runs. Gurbaz scored 121 runs while Zadran scored 60 runs. Hashmatullah Shahidi and Mohammad Nabi also contributed with quick runs. Theo van Woerkom took 3 wickets for Ireland, while Graham Hume and Craig Young took one wicket each.
Ireland were off to a shaky start as their top order collapsed early on. However, Tucker and Tector formed a strong partnership, with Tucker playing aggressively and Tector anchoring the innings. Tector scored a century but Ireland fell short of the target by 35 runs. Lorcan Tucker was dismissed for 85 while Harry Tector fell after scoring 138.
A convincing win for Afghanistan in the first ODI! Afghanistan were excellent with the ball with Farooqi and Omarzai proving to be formidable bowlers. They were the standout bowlers, with Farooqi taking 4 wickets and Omarzai taking 2. They had a slight hiccup, breaking the Harry Tector-Lorcan Tucker partnership, which went on for 173 runs! Once that was broken, they gained their momentum back.
In over# 50 1 1lb 2 0W 1 1	Gulbadin Naib 38/1(6)
49.6
1
Slower one, on off, Graham Hume toe ends it towards mid on for one. Afghanistan beat Ireland by 35 runs!
49.5
1lb
Lands it down leg as this goes off Theo van Woerkom's pads towards the leg side. They cross for a leg bye.
49.4
2
Bowls it on off, Theo van Woerkom flicks it to deep mid-wicket for a brace.
Theo van Woerkom walks in.
49.3
W
OUT! CAUGHT! Fuller one, on off, Harry Tector lofts it but mistimes it completely. It goes in the air towards long off. Mohammad Nabi settles under it and takes a fine catch. Harry Tector walks back after an excellent knock!
49.2
1
Lands it on off, Graham Hume flicks it to mid-wicket for one.
49.1
1
Lands it on off, Harry Tector slogs it to mid-wicket for one.
In over# 49 4 0 1 1 1 0	Azmatullah Omarzai 47/2(10)
48.6
4
FOUR! Streaky! A low full toss, Graham Hume looks to drive it but gets an outside edge. The ball finds the third man fence for a boundary!
TOP TEAMS
India National Cricket Team
Australia National Cricket Team
South Africa National Cricket Team
Pakistan National Cricket Team
New Zealand National Cricket Team
England Cricket Team
Sri Lanka National Cricket Team
Bangladesh National Cricket Team
Afghanistan National Cricket Team
West Indies Cricket Team
Zimbabwe National Cricket Team
Ireland Cricket Team
TOP PLAYERS
Virat Kohli
Rohit Sharma
Hardik Pandya
Jasprit Bumrah
Suryakumar Yadav
Pat Cummins
Kagiso Rabada
Babar Azam
Joe Root
Kane Williamson
TOP SERIES
Indian Premier League
Big Bash League
Pakistan Super League
T10 League
Caribbean Premier League
Women’s Premier League
MORE
Today Match Prediction
Latest Cricket News
Fantasy Cricket Tips
Live Cricket Score
IPL 2024
About Cricadium

Copyright © 2024 Cricadium

Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricadium.com/live-score/afg-vs-ire-1st-odi/239748/upcoming/ 
 ----- 
