Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Brandon Boston #11 of the New Orleans Pelicans brings the ball up the floor vs. Brooklyn.
Pelicans practice report: Brandon Boston adapting well to greater ballhandling role
First-year Pelican has 22 assists, only three turnovers in four starts
Jim Eichenhofer
November 12, 20242:15 PM CST

Injuries have become an unfortunate theme of the first three weeks of the regular season across the NBA, but the New Orleans Pelicans assuredly are the only team about to play games without their starting point guard and his backup. Dejounte Murray was acquired in a June trade as a remedy for New Orleans’ void at first-string floor general, but Murray broke his hand Oct. 23 vs. Chicago. Second-unit catalyst Jose Alvarado was elevated to the starting group for seven recent games, but Alvarado will be re-evaluated in three weeks as a result of a hamstring strain he sustained in Monday’s loss vs. Brooklyn. In between, CJ McCollum started at PG, prior to an adductor strain that’s put McCollum out of action since Oct. 29 at Golden State.

Enter Brandon Boston, a wing claimed by the Pelicans on waivers just prior to tip-off of the regular season, signed to a G League two-way contract. Boston has seen an extreme increase in ballhandling responsibility and done commendable work, highlighted by a 10-assist, one-turnover outing Monday against the Nets. With Alvarado now a DNP via a multi-week injury, Boston may pick up even more duties running the offense. In four games as a New Orleans starter, the fourth-year NBA veteran has dished out 22 assists against only three turnovers, an elite ratio.

“He’s been really good,” head coach Willie Green said of Boston after Tuesday’s practice. “He’s a bright spot, as we’re going through some turbulent times. He’s stepping on the floor, taking full advantage of his opportunity. You saw his passing ability (Monday). He didn’t have the scoring game he had been having (seven points on 3/13 shooting), but he’s affecting the game in other ways. His ability to play defense, his rebounding, making sharp passes, getting guys wide-open shots. It was good to see him execute at a high level.”

Boston finished with three steals and seven rebounds (tying a career high), to go with his career-best 10 assists. With so many teammates sidelined by injury, Boston’s minutes have increased from 6.5 per game in October to 33.6 in November. Asked if Boston will now be a greater focal point for opponents, Green said, “He’s going to see some of the best defenders on him. He’s already starting to see it a little bit. We’ll continue to watch film on it and prepare him.”

Other notes from practice:

Green on what it’s like for Alvarado to be forced off the court: “It’s tough. No doubt about it. We all feel for what Jose is going through right now. We’re going to miss him on the floor, his spirit. He’s one of our emotional leaders.” …

Green on the offensive progress of rookie center Yves Missi (career-high 17 points vs. Brooklyn), who was considered by draft analysts to be a longer-term piece at that end of the floor: “He’s made tremendous strides from the draft, summer league, to training camp, to playing in games. He’s a rookie, so we have to temper our expectations, in the sense that he will have some moments that are up and down. But the competitive spirit that he has, that’s something that every day he can bring to the team.” …

Alternating between starting forward and reserve lately, Jeremiah Robinson-Earl has shot threes well in a small sample size this season (8 of 18, 44 percent): “It’s just trusting the work I put in. In the summer that was an area I wanted to get better at. I was in here working to be as comfortable as possible when the games came around.” …

Robinson-Earl, who played his first two NBA seasons with Oklahoma City, on facing the Thunder on Wednesday (6:30 p.m., ESPN): “We just have to be solid. We talk about with the guys being out (due to injuries), our margin of error is a little smaller. You have to be focused and execute what we do and live with those results.”

Tags
JEREMIAH ROBINSON-EARL
BRANDON BOSTON JR.
JOSE ALVARADO
YVES MISSI
Related Articles
Pelicans practice report: Brandon Boston adapting well to greater ballhandling role
Jose Alvarado medical update
Brandon Boston exclusive, Pelicans injury bug, Trey Murphy III's return vs. Nets | Pelicans Podcast
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/pelicans-practice-report-brandon-boston-adapting-well-to-greater-ballhandling-role 
 ----- 
