Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Ben Simmons' Performance in Pelicans vs Nets Goes Viral
Ben Simmons had one of his best games in years against the New Orleans Pelicans
Farbod Esnaashari | Nov 12, 2024
Brooklyn Nets guard Ben Simmons (10) is guarded by New Orleans Pelicans center Daniel Theis (10) on a pass during the second half at Smoothie King Center. Mandatory Credit: Stephen Lew-Imagn Images / Stephen Lew-Imagn Images
In this story:
New Orleans Pelicans
Brooklyn Nets

The NBA world has been waiting for Ben Simmons to show that he can still play basketball at the level he once did. Unfortunately for the New Orleans Pelicans, it came at their expense.

On Monday night, Simmons somehow had 10 assists in 12 minutes against a shorthanded New Orleans Pelicans team. Simmons only played 22 minutes off of the bench, but he still led the team in assists and had 50% of the team's entire assist total. His performance went viral online, with post by Bleacher Report garnering over 10,000 likes and 750,000 views in under 24 hours.

Simmons ended up finishing the night with 6 points, 12 assists, 5 rebounds, and 2 steals on 60% shooting from the field. It wasn't quite vintage Ben Simmons, but it was as good as one could hope for in 22 minutes off of the bench.

While it was fantastic for NBA fans to finally see Ben Simmons play great basketball, it was a very unfortunate moment for Pelicans fans. Entering the night on a four-game losing streak, the Pelicans desperately needed a win against the 4-6 Brooklyn Nets. Not only did New Orleans lose, but their defense was so bad they let Ben Simmons have a phenomenal passing night against them.

The New Orleans Pelicans have been battered by injuries, but the team should be better than what their record shows. Their next six games are about to get incredibly difficult and that's why losing against the Nets was so significant.

Related Articles

Zion Williamson Gets Brutally Honest After Blowout Loss to Warriors

New Orleans Pelicans Make Roster Move After Loss to Warriors

Brandon Ingram's Honest Statement on Pelicans' Loss to Warriors

Published Nov 12, 2024
FARBOD ESNAASHARI

12-year NBA veteran that's covered the league on Sports Illustrated, Forbes, Bleacher Report, and ESPN

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pelicans/news/ben-simmons-performance-in-pelicans-vs-nets-goes-viral-01jcfwajxzmg 
 ----- 
