 

SPORTS
 BROOKLYN BORO
Nets finish road trip on high note
Thomas' shot helps pull out win in New Orleans
November 12, 2024 By John Torenli, Sports Editor Brooklyn Daily Eagle
Nets coach Jordi Fernandez watched his team salvage the finale of its three-game road trip in New Orleans on Monday night. AP Photo by Gerald Herbert
Share this:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Flipboard
Email
Share

The Brooklyn Nets had their worst performance during what very easily could have been a winless three-game road trip Monday night in New Orleans.

But rookie coach Jordi Fernandez’s squad found a way to overcome themselves and the Pelicans in front of 16,895 fans at the Smoothie King Center.

Cam Thomas scored 10 of his team-high 17 points in the fourth quarter, including a 25-foot step back that put Brooklyn in front to stay with 32.2 ticks left on the clock. lifting the Nets to a gritty 107-105 victory over New Orleans.

“We were not good enough, but we got lucky basically,” Fernandez ceded.

After a heartbreaking overtime loss at defending NBA champion Boston on Friday and a narrow defeat at still-unbeaten Cleveland Saturday, the Nets (5-6) were eager to finish up strong in The Big Easy.

Instead, they yielded 20 points off 17 turnovers and got outscored by a whopping 52-28 margin in the paint by a Pelicans squad that was missing Zion Williamson, Jordan Hawkins, Herbert Jones and C.J. McCollum.

“Turnovers are deflating and offensive rebound 3s are the most deflating things in basketball,” Fernandez lamented.

“Those are tough to deal with. But you can tell that our team, instead of dropping our shoulders … we just thought next play.”

A game that featured 19 lead changes and 10 ties came down to what the Nets would do after Brandon Boston Jr.’s dunk put them behind 105-101 with 3:35 remaining.

After a series of misses by both squads, Brooklyn finally made its run.

Albeit, a very modest one.

New Orleans star Zion Williamson sat out with a hamstring injury while the Nets edged the Pelicans in a thriller in New Orleans Monday. AP Photo by Gerald Herbert

Cam Johnson made a driving layup off a feed from Dennis Schroder and Thomas’ decisive 3-ball from outside the left arc put the Nets up 106-105 with just over half a minute to play.

Brandon Ingram, who put up a game-high 24 points, missed a 12-footer in the lane before Nic Claxton copped the carom and got the ball to Thomas.

Though he clanged one of his two shots from the charity stripe, Thomas rose up and ripped down the rebound of Javonte Green’s missed 26-footer with just under three ticks showing.

Boston Jr. tied up Thomas for a jump ball and the ensuing tip drill resulted in the ball going out off the Nets. Or so the officials thought until Fernandez’s request for a replay challenge gave the ball back to Brooklyn.

Ugly as it was, the Nets will surely take it as they prepare to return to Barclays Center for Wednesday night’s rematch with the Celtics (9-2).

“The way we closed the game, I thought it was impressive, both ends,” said Fernandez. “That’s a good thing to see.”

Second-year forward Noah Clowney scored 15 points on a career-best five 3-pointers for the Nets, who placed seven players in double figures in scoring.

“I see him shoot every day and I know he’s a good shooter. When I get mad at the guys is when they stop shooting,” noted Fernandez. “He kept taking good shot after good shot. … I want him to keep shooting every time.”

Ingram went 10-of-24 from the floor and handed out nine assists and Yves Missi added 17 points for New Orleans, which missed its final eight shots en route to its season-high fifth straight loss.

The Nets watched helplessly as Ingram put up 20 points in the opening half, but held him to only two free throws following intermission.

“That’s us not doing our job,” Fernandez said. “Whoever picks (Ingram) up, everybody else has to load. That’s how good he is. I’ve seen it a thousand times.”

Johnson finished with 15 points, Schroder added 14, Claxton had 13 points and nine boards and Ziaire Williams put up 12 points and nine rebounds in his first start of the year for Brooklyn.

Ben Simmons amassed an impressive stat line in 22 minutes off the bench. He had six points, five rebounds, three steals and an eye-popping 12 assists, 10 of which came in the first half.

Simmons, who did not suit up in Cleveland Saturday for back-management issues, played mostly with the reserves, who accounted for 36 points, including 10 from Jalen Wilson, even though the Nets are still waiting for Trendon Watford and Day’Ron Sharpe to fill out the “Bench Mob”.

“It was impressive. Especially the way he was finding everybody,” Fernandez said of Simmons. “He had those 10 assists in the first half, ended up with 12, which is a great number. We missed his playmaking.”

Nic Claxton throws down two of his 13 points Monday night in New Orleans to help the Nets finish off a 1-2 road trip. AP Photo by Gerald Herbert

NOTHING BUT NET: Brooklyn stayed in contention with New Orleans by making 45% of their 3s. The 20-year-old Clowney became the youngest Net ever to hit at least five shots from beyond the arc and Thomas finished 4-of-5 from long range. … After hosting the Celtics, the Nets will cross the East River for a two-game set against the arch rival New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden on Friday and Sunday.





SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTERS

Brooklyn Today — Daily top news in Brooklyn

Daily Brief — An afternoon dose of borough buzz

Bluedot Living Brooklyn — Simple, smart, sustainable stories

Good Food Brooklyn — Best bites in the borough

Daily Bulletin — Legal & courthouse news

BKLYN Live — Performance, arts & culture

SHARE ARTICLE:


LEAVE A COMMENT


RELATED ARTICLES
Roaring Pistons pass Nets at Barclays
January 9 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
Day’Ron Sharpe’s efforts not lost on Nets
January 8 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
Pacers run past injury-depleted Nets
January 7 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
Nets sink even deeper in Toronto
January 2 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
NYC retirees to join other groups for rally to protect federal Medicare benefits


✰✰✰

Brooklyn’s Congressional team secures $160M to improve climate resiliency


✰✰✰

Polka Dot Polish deli in Greenpoint at risk after 30 years


✰✰✰

The first legal Cannabis Dispensary in Bay Ridge opens its doors


✰✰✰

Fugitive extradited from Trinidad and Tobago in murder of 18-year-old


✰✰✰

Brooklyn man sentenced for fatal shooting of teenager while firing into crowd


✰✰✰

MTA worker dies after going into cardiac arrest in Brooklyn


✰✰✰

Tenants at Hylan Houses in Bushwick split on how to fund repairs


✰✰✰

State Senator and mayoral candidate Myrie criticizes Adams’ State of City address


✰✰✰

Several YMCA branches host Winter Open House this weekend


✰✰✰

Fire at a popular deli in Williamsburg


✰✰✰

New York to end restaurant reservation scalping with bill that goes into effect in February


✰✰✰

Camber Property Group takes over East New York complex


✰✰✰

Sanitation fines almost 500 people in less than a week for not properly storing trash in their bins


✰✰✰

NY Attorney General freezes $2.2M in cryptocurrency stolen in fake jobs scheme


✰✰✰

Mayor set to announce more funds for new schoolyards, swim safety classes


✰✰✰

NYC mayoral candidate Walden sues X after site ‘permanently’ suspends his account


✰✰✰

Early-morning burglar hits five businesses in Gravesend and Brighton Beach


✰✰✰

Mayor Adams to deliver ‘State of the City’ today at noon


✰✰✰

Police arrest teen over violent robbery at Bergen St. subway station 


✰✰✰

See more breaking news here
Our world in photos






1
2
3
4
5
6
Previous
Next
Subscribe to one of our weeklies here.



Check out Brooklyn's newest environmental publication.
Subscribe Here
* indicates required
Email Address *
Zip Code *
Newsletters
Brooklyn Today — Daily top news in Brooklyn
Daily Brief — An afternoon dose of borough buzz
Bluedot Brooklyn — Smart, sustainable stories
Good Food — Best bites in the borough
Daily Bulletin — Legal & courthouse news
BKLYN Live — Performance, arts & culture
Home Reporter — South Brooklyn news

Jan 9, 2025 | Clear, 30° F

FOLLOW

@BKEAGLE
On New Year’s Day, people were ringing in the ne
A self-propelled liftboat  — which can lift its
After numerous bumps in the road, the Barbati fami
JOIN OUR TEAM
SUBSCRIBE
ADVERTISE
TERMS & CONDITIONS
ABOUT US
CONTACT US

© 2025 EAGLE URBAN MEDIA

   
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://brooklyneagle.com/articles/2024/11/12/nets-finish-road-trip-on-high-note/ 
 ----- 
