Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SPORTS
USA vs. Colombia (6/8/2024): Time, TV channel, how to watch men’s international soccer friendly
Updated: Jun. 08, 2024, 11:31 a.m.|Published: Jun. 08, 2024, 11:30 a.m.

FILE - United States' Kevin Paredes dribbles the ball during a FIFA U-20 World Cup quarterfinal soccer match against Uruguay at the Madre de Ciudades stadium in Santiago del Estero, Argentina, Sunday, June 4, 2023. USA's young player of the year in 2023, Paredes is gaining attention and has joined the likes of Vinicius Junior and Kevin De Bruyne by signing with Jay-Z's Roc Nation sports agency. (AP Photo/Nicolas Aguilera, File)AP Photo/Nicolas Aguilera, File

By Ben Axelson | baxelson@syracuse.com

The United States Men’s National Team hosts Colombia for an international friendly soccer match at Commanders Field in Maryland on Saturday, June 8 (6/8/2024)

STREAM: USMNT Soccer on DirecTV Stream (free trial).

No.1 Sabalenka says Siwatek rivalry 'more chill' after pair become closer in off-seasonNo.1 Sabalenka says Siwatek rivalry 'more chill' after pair become closer in off-season

It’s the first of two friendlies slated against familiar foes in the Western Hemisphere ahead of the international Copa America later in June, and the 2024 Paris Olympics in July. The U.S. Men recently celebrated a triumph over Mexico, 2-0, in the CONCACAF Nation’s League in March, but it was a rocky road to the finish, including a stunning 2-1 upset by Trinidad and Tobago in leg 2 of the quarterfinal.

Colombia has played two friendlies already this year against Spain (0-1) and Romania (3-2). The USA and Colombia will not be in the same group at the Copa America, and have not clashed in over a year. Their last meeting was a 0-0 friendly in January of 2023. The Americans have an abysmal 3-4-14 all-time record against Colombia, and haven’t won a game against the South American side since 2005.

Here’s what you need to know to watch:

Who: USMNT vs. Colombia

What: International Men’s Soccer Friendly

When: Saturday, June 8, 2024

Where: Commanders Field, Greater Landover, Maryland

Time: 5:30 p.m. ET

TV: TNT, NBC Universo, Telemundo

Channel finder: Verizon Fios, Xfinity, Spectrum, Optimum/Altice, Cox, DirecTV

Live stream: fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV Stream (free trial), Sling (half off first month), Hulu + Live TV, Peacock, MAX

Here’s the upcoming schedule of USMNT games:

Saturday, 6/8, USMNT vs. Colombia, 5:30 p.m. ET
Wednesday, 6/12, USMNT vs. Brazil, 7 p.m. ET
Sunday, 6/23, USMNT vs. Bolivia (Copa America), 6 p.m. ET
Thursday, 6/27, USMNT vs. Panama (Copa America), 6 p.m. ET
Monday, 7/1, USMNT vs. Uruguay (Copa America), 9 p.m. ET

Can I bet on the game?

Yes, you can bet on the game from your phone in New York State, and we’ve compiled some of the best introductory offers to help navigate your first bets from BetMGM, FanDuel, DraftKings, Bet365 and more.

Colombia is +165 to win, according to DraftKings.

NEW USERS
TOP OFFER
Bet $5, Get $150 in Bonus Bets
Claim Now
T&C’s apply.
How to claim
21+ and physically present in NY. For help with a gambling problem call 1-877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369).

Here’s a recent USMNT soccer story, via The AP:

A roadmap to follow for men’s soccer during the Paris Olympics:

Athletes to Watch

—Bradley Barcola, France: One of France’s rising stars, Barcola joined Paris Saint-Germain last year as part of the club’s push for young, homegrown talent following the departures of icons like Lionel Messi and Neymar. Kylian Mbappe’s exit this year should provide more room for the forward to establish himself as one of PSG’s biggest talents. The Olympics is an opportunity to showcase his ability to a wider audience.

—Kevin Paredes, United States: USA’s young player of the year in 2023 is gaining attention and has joined the likes of Vinicius Junior and Kevin De Bruyne by signing with Jay-Z’s Roc Nation sports agency. Capable of playing at left back or as a winger, the Wolfsburg player already has broken through to the United States’ senior national team.

—Claudio Echeverri, Argentina: The 18-year-old Echeverri’s potential already has been spotted by Manchester City, and he will complete a move to the Premier League team ahead of next season. An attacking midfielder, he helped Argentina reach the semifinals of the U17 World Cup and could be one of the star players at the Olympics.

Storylines to Follow

—The U.S. men’s national team is back at the Games for the first time since 2008. The Americans benefited from soccer’s regional governing body CONCACAF deciding to make the 2022 edition of its Under-20 Championship a qualifying event for the Olympics. The U.S. won it for a third time in a row to book its place for Paris. It faces host nation France in its opening game of the tournament.

—Israel has waited even longer to make a return to the Games, having been absent since 1976. While that is a cause for celebration for the national team, there already have been calls from protestors in France for Israel’s participation to be limited because of the war in Gaza.

—World champion Argentina can add to a glorious era of success by winning gold in Paris. Argentina beat Brazil 1-0 in the 2021 Copa America final, and then won the World Cup a year later in Qatar. Argentina defends the Copa America in the United States before the Games begin — but Olympic gold would complete the set over a spectacular three-year period.

—The Olympics has produced unlikely gold medalists in men’s soccer such as Nigeria and Cameroon. Will there be another surprise package in Paris? Perhaps Morocco, which finished a surprising fourth at the 2022 World Cup, will go on another run.

Key Dates

The tournament begins on July 24, with France taking on the United States and Argentina facing Morocco in the biggest games of the day. The final is on Aug. 9 at Parc des Princes in Paris.

Reigning Champion

Brazil (Did not qualify).

WATCH YOUR FAVORITE TEAMS
Syracuse basketball TV schedule 2024-25: Where to watch live streams of Orange basketball
Where to watch MSG Network without cable in 2024
Best WNBA Finals streaming options: How to watch Liberty vs. Lynx, Sabrina Ionescu live for FREE
MLB World Series 2024 results: Dodgers beat Yankees in 5 games, more postseason scores
NFL Slimetime 2024 on Nickelodeon: How to watch season premiere with Nate Burleson for free

What is DirecTV Stream?

DirecTV Stream is a comprehensive internet TV service that offers your favorite entertainment, news and sports channels, as well as local TV stations and regional sports networks. It’s the only choice for fans who want full access to local, televised sports. DirecTV Stream Choice includes 125+ channels, unlimited DVR storage and thousands of on-demand titles starting at just $98.99 per month.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About Us
Photo and Page Reprints
Advertise with us
Jobs at Advance Media New York
Contact Us
Newspaper Archives
Frequently Asked Questions
Accessibility Statement
Submit letter, commentary
Subscriptions
syracuse.com
syracuse.com Orange Sports Insider
The Post-Standard
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
syracuse.com Sections
News
Weather
Business
Sports
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Living
Opinion
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Mobile
Tablet Apps
iPhone, Android apps
More on syracuse.com
Videos
Sitemap
Sponsor Content
Archives
Sell your car
Post a job
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Follow Us
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.syracuse.com/sports/2024/06/usa-vs-colombia-682024-time-tv-channel-how-to-watch-mens-international-soccer-friendly.html 
 ----- 
