Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 International Friendly
USA
1
FT
COL
5
Timothy Weah - 58'
Jhon Arias - 6'Rafael Borré - 19'Richard Ríos - 77'Jorge Carrascal - 85'Luis Sinisterra - 88'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
USMNT crushed 5-1 by Colombia in Copa América warmup
0:58
Why Gomez is preaching caution for USMNT against South American teams

Herculez Gomez warns the USMNT not to expect easy games against South American teams going into Copa America.

ByESPN News Services
Updated: Jun 9, 2024, 01:14 am

The United States men's national team suffered its heaviest loss in Gregg Berhalter's time as coach, beaten 5-1 by Colombia at FedEx Field in Landover, Maryland, on Saturday.

The U.S. was down 2-0 inside 19 minutes after goals from Colombia's Jhon Arias and Rafael Borré in the first of two warmup games for the USMNT ahead of hosting this summer's Copa América.

Timothy Weah pulled a goal back for the host in what was an improved showing at the start of the second half. But sloppy errors late helped Colombia run up the score and become the first team since Mexico in the 2009 Gold Cup final to score five goals on the U.S.

Richard Rios, Jorge Carrascal and Luis Sinisterra all beat Matt Turner in the final 13 minutes to inflict the USMNT's heaviest loss since a defeat to Costa Rica in 2016 that spelled the end for Jurgen Klinsmann's time as coach.

The result extended Colombia's undefeated streak to 22 games.

Things will not get any easier for the U.S., with a friendly against five-time World Cup winner Brazil on Wednesday in Orlando. The U.S. begins its Copa América campaign against Bolívia on June 23.

The U.S. is winless in its last five games against South American opponents, including three draws, since a 1-0 win over Ecuador in 2019.

The USMNT suffered it worst loss in eight years.
Greg Fiume/USSF/Getty Images for USSF

Before a majority pro-Colombian crowd clad in yellow jerseys at FedEx Field, U..S. players wore rainbow numbers on their jerseys for Pride Month.

Colombia went ahead in the sixth minute when James Rodríguez threaded a pass that went off the left leg of a sliding Antonee Robinson to Arias. He took a touch to get clear of Tim Ream and from 6 yards beat Turner over the goalkeeper's left shoulder to the near post for his second international goal.

Colombia doubled the lead in the 19th minute after an Arias cross off a short corner kick to Aria failed to be cleared by U.S. defender Tim Ream. Mateus Uribe kept the attack alive and, with his back to the goal from 5 yards out, Borré executed an overhead kick that sent the ball to Turner's left for his sixth international goal.

The U.S. had not given up a pair of goals in the first 20 minutes since a 2-0 loss at Guatemala in a March 2016 World Cup qualifier.

Weah, a son of Liberia president and former FIFA Player of the Year George Weah, scored his sixth international goal with a low finish in the 58th minute.

For the first time in American history, all 11 starters played for clubs in the big five European leagues of England, Germany, Italy, Spain and France. Just six of 143 starting positions have been filled with Major League Soccer players for the 13 matches the full pool has been available since the 2022 World Cup, including three of 99 since Berhalter returned as coach.

Information from The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Game Information
FedExField
9:30 PM, June 8, 2024
Coverage: TNT/Tele/Max
Landover, Maryland, USA
Line: COL -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 55,494
Referees:
Fernando Gomez
Sponsored Headlines
20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
Snag one now while supplies last.
YETI Coolers
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Learn More: Schizophrenia
GoodRx
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Open new doors with your Series 7—from a branch.
Help make a difference in clients’ lives while growing your career with an industry leader. Remote or onsite, you’ll get the resources and support to help you reach your goals and flexible benefits that evolve to meet your needs. 
Fidelity Investments
|
Sponsored
Apply Now
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/699069 
 ----- 
