SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
USMNT fall to Colombia in Copa América tune-up friendly
Ari Liljenwall

Saturday, Jun 8, 2024, 11:50 PM

The US men's national team suffered a 5-1 defeat against Colombia at Commanders Field on Saturday in their first of two international friendlies in preparation for the upcoming Copa América.

Tim Weah scored the lone goal of the match for the Yanks, who were done in by a pair of early concessions and a barrage of late goals from the Colombians.

Colombia struck twice in the first 20 minutes, getting a sixth-minute opener from Jhon Arias and a spectacular bicycle kick from Internacional forward Rafael Borré.

The US responded, finally pulling one back in the 58th minute through Weah. The Juventus winger ran onto a perfectly weighted pass from forward Folarin Balogun, lashing the finish to the far post to halve the deficit.

But Colombia put the match to bed on 77 minutes, as Richard Ríos found himself unmarked in the box for an easy finish against US goalkeeper Matt Turner. Jorge Carrascal and Luis Sinisterra continued the late onslaught, tallying insurance goals in the 85th and 88th minutes.

Goals
6' - COL - Jhon Arias | WATCH
19' - COL - Rafael Borré | WATCH
58' - USA - Tim Weah | WATCH
77' - COL - Richard Ríos | WATCH
85' - COL - Jorge Carrascal | WATCH
88' - COL - Luis Sinisterra | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: Weah's goal provided a brief lifeline, but the Yanks did not look up to the task in their first match back in action since their victorious Concacaf Nations League campaign, suffering the most lopsided defeat of the Gregg Berhalter era. A plethora of defensive giveaways was the main culprit, something that will need to be cleaned up if the USMNT are going to put forth a competitive showing at Copa América.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Borré provided the highlight of the night for Colombia with his athletic bicycle kick finish.

RAFAEL BORRÉ. STOP THAT. 😱

The USMNT struggling early against Colombia 🥶

🎥: @TelemundoSports

pic.twitter.com/sFubxuIdCx

— CBS Sports Golazo ⚽️ (@CBSSportsGolazo) June 8, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: Luis Sinisterra made the most of his substitute appearance for Colombia, adding an assist alongside his 88th-minute goal.
Next Up
USA: Wednesday, June 12 vs. Brazil | 7 pm ET (TNT, Telemundo) | International Friendly
COL: Saturday, June 15 vs. Bolivia | 5 pm ET | International Friendly
Ari Liljenwall -
@AriLiljenwall
US MEN'S NATIONAL TEAM
MATCHDAY
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/usmnt-fall-to-colombia-in-copa-america-tune-up-friendly 
 ----- 
