Oceania Football Confederation > News > American Samoa > Samoa edge out American Samoa to advance to final of Round One
SAMOA EDGE OUT AMERICAN SAMOA TO ADVANCE TO FINAL OF ROUND ONE
 6 SEPTEMBER 2024  OFC MEDIA

Photo Credit: OFC Media via Phototek

Samoa were made to work hard as they overcame American Samoa to advance in the FIFA World Cup 26™ Oceania Qualifiers on home turf.

A Dilo Tumua second-half penalty and a late strike from Jarvis Vaai proved the difference between the two sides in what was a physical and at times fiery encounter played in rainy conditions.

American Samoa were arguably the more impressive of the two teams for the majority of the first-half but despite their possession were unable to produce much in the way of chances to threaten Paul Taupau’s goal.

Conversely, Samoa were slightly more efficient with the few chances they created. Still however, they were unable to find a way past 44 year-old Nicky Salapu in the American Samoa net.

Nathan Viliamu had the best chance of the first period but he was closed down well by Salapu who spread himself well to keep the scores level.

The breakthrough came on the hour mark for the hosts. Half-time substitute Alton Leiataua was hauled down in the penalty box following an excellent run and cross by Luke Salisbury and the penalty was awarded.

After a lengthy delay, Dilo Tumua strode forward and dispatched the penalty well, sending Salapu the wrong way and drilling his effort into the corner.

Leiataua’s afternoon however would come to an abrupt end, when he was shown a red card following a challenge on goalkeeper Salapu. The substitute’s touch was heavy and his attempts to get a shot off resulted in a late challenge on the goalkeeper.

The dismissal gave American Samoa a lift but to Samoa’s credit, they managed to frustrate their opponents, with their compact shape making it difficult for Shani Simpson’s side to find a way back into the match.

Ali’i Mitchell came closest to an equaliser, with a stinging free-kick that was held at the second attempt by Taupau in the Samoan goal.

Deep into extra time Vaai secured the victory for the hosts – latching on to a through ball from Salisbury, before dribbling past a tired American Samoa defence and calmly slotting the ball into the bottom corner of the goal.

Samoa have taken the first step on the journey to the FIFA World Cup 26™ and can now look forward to a crunch tie with Tonga on Monday, with the winner joining Group B when qualifying resumes in October.

American Samoa: 0
Samoa: 2 (Dilo TUMUA 60’ (P), Jarvis VAAI 90+8′)

HT: 0-0

SHARE
 62-80 College Road, Stonefields, Auckland 1072
 +64 9 531 4306
 media@oceaniafootball.com
 Mon-Fri: 9AM-5PM

QUICK LINKS

About
Career Opportunities
Privacy
Governance Regulations
Contact us
President
Partnerships
Regulations
FIFA Council
OFC TV

OFC LOCATION

Copyright (c) 2024 OFC. All rights reserved
Oceania Football Confederation
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.oceaniafootball.com/samoa-edge-out-american-samoa-to-advance-to-final-of-round-one/ 
 ----- 
