Menu
World Cup dreams begin in Samoa as Oceania qualifying series gets underway
 posted in: FIFA Men's World Cup, News, OFC news |

Oceania’s journey to the 2026 FIFA Men’s World Cup begins in Samoa on Friday, when four OFC nations meet in Apia to determine who will advance to the region’s group stage.

Hosts Samoa are joined by American Samoa, Cook Islands and Tonga, with only one side able to take their place in Group B when qualifying continues in Fiji and Vanuatu next month.

Main photo: Rival coaches (from left) Shani Simpson (American Samoa) Kilifi Vele (Tonga) Jess Ibrom (Samoa) and Tuka Tisam (Cook Islands). Photo credit: OFC Media / Phototek.

They and seven more Oceania nations, including New Zealand, are chasing the dream of reaching the World Cup finals to be staged in Canada, Mexico and the United States.

Opening the action on Friday at the Football Federation Samoa Football Stadium will be Cook Islands and Tonga, with the winner advancing to meet either American Samoa or Samoa in the final match on Monday.

Cook Islands: ‘Ready to go’

Cook Islands coach Tuka Tisam is taking charge of the men’s team for the first time and is confident his side’s preparation will put them in good stead as they look to overcome Tonga and keep their World Cup dream alive.

“The boys are very excited for this upcoming match against Tonga. The excitement is there; they can feel the pressure that’s coming, so they’ll be excited for this first game.

“The boys just have to go out there and play. All the training, all the work has been done by management, so I think they’re ready to go on match day,” Tisam said.

Tonga: ‘Planning is the key’

On the opposite bench on Friday morning will be Kilifi Uele. The Tongan coach has built a squad from talent based around the region but is happy with what he has at his disposal.

“For us, the officials and the team, we’re all very excited for this World Cup campaign.

“I think the key is our planning process that we follow. We’re here now, so we’re looking forward to it and so excited,” he said.

The second match on Friday sees hosts Samoa take on American Samoa.

Neither nation participated in Oceania qualifying for the 2022 FIFA World Cup 2022, making this year the first time in almost a decade that either side has embarked on a campaign.

American Samoa: ‘We’re slowly getting there’

Shani Simpson is coaching an American Samoa squad that has a mix of experience and youth and he feels this could benefit his side as they look to upset the odds in Apia.

“Half of the squad — the veteran players — is slowly realising the magnitude of what we’re doing here.

“The younger players, you know, they’re young, they’re ignorant, they’re enthusiastic, they know the World Cup but the veteran players know the reality of it — they understand the emotions, the pressure, the significance of one mistake or one successful idea and we’re slowly, as a group, getting there,” Simpson said.

Samoa: ‘A defining experience for us’

Leading the host nation is Jess Ibrom, returning to work for Football Federation Samoa after a stint coaching the Cook Islands. Ibrom is aware of the additional pressure for his team that comes with being hosts.

“It’s a defining experience to have this World Cup qualification campaign here in Apia, Samoa. It’s been a long time coming for varying reasons, mostly COVID, so we’re really looking forward to this one.

“We’ve got a number of players who have been through a number of campaigns, Pacific Games, OFC Nations Cup etc. You know, we’ve got a good blend of younger players, more experienced players, like Andrew Setefano, who’s been through this a number of times.

“World Cup qualification is the pinnacle event for any country, so we understand what it means to the people of Samoa, and we’ll be working really hard to represent the country very well tomorrow,” Ibrom said.

The 2026 FIFA World Cup is the first with a guaranteed qualification spot for an Oceania side after a restructuring of the tournament format to 48 participating teams.

The runners-up in the Oceania qualifiers in March 2025 will get a second chance to reach the finals, going into the FIFA Intercontinental play-off tournament.

Acknowledgement

We thank OFC Media for providing information for this story.

Fixtures

Games to be played on Friday September 6, 2024

OFC Men’s World Cup qualifiers

Cook Islands v Tonga
Football Federation Samoa Football Stadium, Apia, 10am (NZT)

American Samoa v Samoa
Football Federation Samoa Football Stadium, Apia, 2pmm (NZT)

Eleven OFC nations dream of reaching the FIFA Men’s World Cup finals. Photo credit: Fauzan Saari / Unsplash.
How the qualification process works

Round One

OFC’s four lowest-ranked teams, American Samoa, Cook Islands, Samoa and Tonga, decides which team progresses to the next round, joining nations in Group B.

The FIFA World Cup official draw held in Zurich in July determined two groups of four:

Group A

New Caledonia
Papua New Guinea
Solomon Islands
Fiji

Group B

New Zealand
Tahiti
Vanuatu
Winners of round 1

Round Two

The FIFA international window in October will see Suva, Fiji host Group A matches and Port Vila, Vanuatu host Group B matches.

Make a note in your diary for Thursday October 10, for back-to-back matches in Suva with New Caledonia playing Papua New Guinea and Solomon Islands meeting Fiji in Group A.

The next day, New Zealand and Tahiti meet in Port Vila and on Saturday October 12, VFF Freshwater Stadium will be packed to the rafters as Vanuatu play the winner of Round One.

The group stage will be completed during November’s FIFA international window, with New Zealand and Papua New Guinea hosting the final round of matches, after which the top two teams will advance to the semi-finals.

Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea will host Match Day 4 in Group A on Thursday November 14 and Match Day 5 on Sunday November 17.

FMG Waikato Stadium in Hamilton, New Zealand, will host Match Day 4 in Group B on Friday November 15 and Go Media Stadium, Mt Smart, in Auckland will host Match Day 5 on Monday November 18.

FMG Stadium Waikato, in Hamilton, will host match day 4 in Group B.

Semi-finals and final

The Oceania Qualifiers will conclude in New Zealand during the March 2025 FIFA international window and determine which side qualifies directly for the FIFA World Cup.

The winner of Group A will face the runner-ups of Group B and the winner of Group B will face the runner-ups of Group A in the semi-finals, on Friday March 21, before the two winners meet in what shapes to be one of the biggest matches in OFC history on Monday March 24, with the winner earning direct entry to the FIFA World Cup.

The runners-up will earn a second chance to qualify for the FIFA World Cup via the FIFA Intercontinental Playoff – a six-nation tournament to determine the final two qualifying teams.

This story was first published on September 5, 2024.

More football stories
[adrotate banner=”155″]
[adrotate banner=”167″]
[adrotate banner=”86″]
2026 FIFA Men's World Cup, FIFA Men's World Cup
Previous Post
Next Post
Recent Posts
Previous
PREVIEW: Double injury blow as Phoenix try to turn around men’s A-League form

The Wellington Phoenix will be without international Marco Rojas for up to four weeks due...

PREVIEW: Auckland FC to take on defending A-League champions Mariners

Auckland FC have named their squad to face defending men’s A-League champions Central Coast Mariners...

Winger Norman Garbett lands new contract with League of Ireland’s Dundalk

New Zealand U-20 men’s international Norman Garbett has signed a new deal to rejoin League...

Mayoral awards honour Taupo stalwarts John McCartney and Greg Willars

Long-serving Taupõ AFC volunteers John McCartney and Greg Willars have been recognised for their contribution...

Outgoing Albany United president Kieron Henare receives Life Membership

Kieron Henare has become the latest Life Member of Auckland’s Albany United after concluding his...

Men’s U-17 coach Martin Bullock is first to achieve Pro Licence in Oceania

New Zealand U-17 men’s coach Martin Bullock has become the first coach in Oceania to...

Petone’s Ashnarvy Mustapha signs professional contract with Cambodian club

Wellington footballer Ashnarvy Mustapha has signed his first professional contract, joining Cambodian Premier League club...

PREVIEW: Phoenix get chance to spoil women’s A-League leaders’ unbeaten run

In-form Wellington Phoenix want to finish 2024 as the team that topples unbeaten women’s A-League...

PREVIEW: Double injury blow as Phoenix try to turn around men’s A-League form

The Wellington Phoenix will be without international Marco Rojas for up to four weeks due...

PREVIEW: Auckland FC to take on defending A-League champions Mariners

Auckland FC have named their squad to face defending men’s A-League champions Central Coast Mariners...

Winger Norman Garbett lands new contract with League of Ireland’s Dundalk

New Zealand U-20 men’s international Norman Garbett has signed a new deal to rejoin League...

Mayoral awards honour Taupo stalwarts John McCartney and Greg Willars

Long-serving Taupõ AFC volunteers John McCartney and Greg Willars have been recognised for their contribution...

Outgoing Albany United president Kieron Henare receives Life Membership

Kieron Henare has become the latest Life Member of Auckland’s Albany United after concluding his...

Men’s U-17 coach Martin Bullock is first to achieve Pro Licence in Oceania

New Zealand U-17 men’s coach Martin Bullock has become the first coach in Oceania to...

Petone’s Ashnarvy Mustapha signs professional contract with Cambodian club

Wellington footballer Ashnarvy Mustapha has signed his first professional contract, joining Cambodian Premier League club...

PREVIEW: Phoenix get chance to spoil women’s A-League leaders’ unbeaten run

In-form Wellington Phoenix want to finish 2024 as the team that topples unbeaten women’s A-League...

PREVIEW: Double injury blow as Phoenix try to turn around men’s A-League form

The Wellington Phoenix will be without international Marco Rojas for up to four weeks due...

PREVIEW: Auckland FC to take on defending A-League champions Mariners

Auckland FC have named their squad to face defending men’s A-League champions Central Coast Mariners...

Winger Norman Garbett lands new contract with League of Ireland’s Dundalk

New Zealand U-20 men’s international Norman Garbett has signed a new deal to rejoin League...

Next
SEARCH OUR SITE
Search for:

Click on links for more information

FEBRUARY

February 8: Seasons start for women’s and men’s Futsal Superleagues.

February 8-14: OFC Men’s Champions League – qualifying, Cook Islands (click here for details).

Sunday February 23 (1pm NZT): Costa Rica v Football Ferns, Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto, Alajuela, San José, Costa Rica (click here for details).

Wednesday February 26 (11am NZT): Costa Rica v Football Ferns, Estadio Alejandro Morera Soto, Alajuela, San José, Costa Rica (click here for details).

MARCH

March 1-31: Girls and women’s month.

March 7-13: OFC U-19 Women’s Championship – qualifying, Tonga.

Friday March 21 (3pm, 7pm): Semi-finals, FIFA Men’s World Cup OFC qualifiers, Sky Stadium, Wellington (click here for details)

Saturday March 22: Seasons start for Northern League, Lotto NRFL Women’s Premiership, Lotto NRFL Men’s Championship.

Monday March 24 (7pm): Final, FIFA Men’s World Cup OFC qualifiers, Eden Park, Auckland (click here for details)

Saturday March 29: Seasons start for Lotto NRFL Women’s Championship, Lotto NRFL Men’s Northern & Southern Conferences, NRF Men’s League One.

Saturday March 29: Seasons start for Central League, Central League 2, Women’s Central League.

March 31-April 8: FIFA international window (women).

March 30 -April 12: OFC Men’s Champions League, Solomon Islands (click here for details).

APRIL

April 26-May 2: OFC U-16 Women’s Championship – qualifying, Cook Islands.

April 26-27: Preliminary rounds for Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

MAY

May 3-9: OFC U-16 Men’s Championship – qualifying, Tonga.

May 4-17: OFC Women’s Champions League, Tahiti.

May 10-11: First rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

May 16-18: Grand final, women’s A-League (click here for details)

May 26-June 3: FIFA international window (women).

May 30-June 1: Grand final, men’s A-League (click here for details)

May 31-June 1: Second rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

JUNE

June 2-10: FIFA international window (men).

June 14-15: Third rounds of Chatham Cup, Kate Sheppard Cup.

June 15-July 13: FIFA Club World Cup, United States (click here for details)

Monday June 16 (6am NZT): Auckland City v Bayern Munich, FIFA Club World Cup, TQL Stadium, Cincinnati, Ohio (click here for details).

Saturday June 20 (6am NZT): Auckland City v Benfica, FIFA Club World Cup, Inter&Co Stadium, Orlando, Florida (click here for details).

Wednesday June 24 (7am NZT): Auckland City v Boca Juniors, FIFA Club World Cup, Geodis Park, Nashville, Tennessee (click here for details).

June 23-July 1: FIFA international window (women).

JULY

July 4-19: OFC Women’s Nations Cup, Fiji.

July 5-6: Round four of Chatham Cup.

July 5-6: Quarter-finals of Kate Sheppard Cup.

July 26-27: Quarter-finals of Chatham Cup.

AUGUST

August 1-14: OFC U-16 Women’s Championship, Samoa.

August 15-20: OFC U-16 Men’s Championship, Solomon Islands.

August 16-17: Semi-finals of Kate Sheppard Cup.

August 16-17: Semi-finals of Chatham Cup.

SEPTEMBER

September 2-9: FIFA international window (men).

September 6-7: Final of Chatham Cup.

September 6-7: Final of Kate Sheppard Cup.

September 17-24: University of Auckland at FISU Men’s Football World Cup, China.

September 20-24: OFC Futsal Men’s Cup, Solomon Islands.

September 21-October 4: OFC U-19 Women’s Championship, Tahiti.

September 27-October 19: FIFA U-20 Men’s World Cup, Chile.

September 27-28: Season starts for men’s and women’s National Leagues.

OCTOBER

October 6-14: FIFA international window (men).

October 17-November 8: FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup, Morocco (click here for details).

October 20-28: FIFA international window (women).

October 20-31: Launch tournament, OFC Pro League, venue TBD.

NOVEMBER

November 6-27: FIFA U-17 Women’s World Cup, Qatar.

November 10-18: FIFA international window (men).

November 17-22: OFC Futsal Men’s Champions League, Fiji.

November 21-December 7: FIFA Futsal Women’s World Cup, Philippines (click here for details)

November 24-December 2: Match 1 & 2, 2027 FIFA Women’s World Cup Oceania qualifiers, Cook Islands.

DECEMBER

December 13-14: Grand finals of men’s and women’s National Leagues.

 Football headlines
Enzo Maresca confirms injury for Chelsea midfielder
Liverpool to make surprise decision on Federico Chiesa?
Man Utd attacker has 'concrete interest' ahead of January
Juventus reject Marcus Rashford, want his teammate instead
Arsenal and Man Utd eyeing Spanish star on free transfer?
Man Utd make move to sign PSG defender
Predicted Arsenal line-up (4-3-3) vs Ipswich Town, Calafiori starts
Arsenal identify AC Milan star as Saka replacement?
Man Utd among clubs interested in Wolves sensation
Arsenal want to sign 25yo Brazilian star from PL club?
 90-minutes news
RANKED: The 6 best players of Premier League Gameweek 18
How Ruben Amorim's Man Utd record after 10 games compares to every post-Ferguson manager
Man City predicted lineup vs Leicester - Premier League
Liverpool predicted lineup vs West Ham - Premier League
Tottenham predicted lineup vs Wolves - Premier League
Arsenal 1-0 Ipswich: Match report & talking points as Gunners move into second place
Arsenal 1-0 Ipswich: Player ratings as Havertz fires Gunners to victory
Aston Villa learn outcome of Jhon Duran red card appeal
Tottenham face defensive injury crisis as pressure mounts on Ange Postecoglou
Cristiano Ronaldo defends Ruben Amorim and slams 'sick' Man Utd
Search for:
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.friendsoffootballnz.com/2024/09/05/world-cup-dreams-begin-in-samoa-as-oceania-qualifying-series-gets-underway/ 
 ----- 
