Skip to main content
LOGIN
ONLINE PAYMENTS
	
	
☰ Menu
☰ Menu
Ads by Google
Ads by Google




Loading Widget…
Poll
Do you support former Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard as the Director of National Intelligence?
Choices
 YES
 NO
Older polls
Results
Local News
Magic Circus of Samoa set to dazzle local audiences
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — After an eight-year hiatus, the Magic Circus of Samoa is set to dazzle audiences in American Samoa once again starting this Thursday! Kicking off the first leg of their latest world tour, the best live show in the Pacific promises to once again enchant people of all ages... Pago Pago tourism
Read more
Prices down for local food favorites Mayo and corned beef
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — American Samoa’s Basic Food Index (BFI) for August rose by 1.2% with nine foods driving the increase. Good news, however, is that some local favorites, including mayo and corned beef took a downward slide. The is BFI a monthly rapid assessment of basic food items, to...
Read more
Pago Pago tourism
Fishery Council addresses unfair trade and problems with foreign fish flooding US Pacific Islands markets
Honolulu, HAWAII — At its 199th meeting in June, the National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) members lamented the influx of foreign- caught fish flooding U.S. markets, undermining local fishermen. This issue affects not only Hawai‘i but also U.S. territories, where local fisheries struggle with...
Read more
Delegates call for more funding, staffing for SBA office
WASHINGTON — U.S. Rep. Ed Case (D) Hawaii joined Congressional delegates from Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands and American Samoa in a letter to U.S. Small Business Administration administrator Isabel Guzman calling for enhanced budgeting and staffing for SBA’s Hawaii District Office. The...
Read more
US Department of Justice adopts formal policy rejecting Insular Cases
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — In May, the United States Department of Justice took action in a letter to Congress in which it committed to “not rely on or seek to extend the doctrine of territorial incorporation established by the Insular Cases.” Now, the Department has issued formal guidance related... Pago Pago tourism
Read more
ASCC holds Fall 2024 Induction welcoming 23 new PTK members
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — In what has become a tradition at the American Samoa Community College (ASCC), early in each spring and fall semester the ASCC-based Alpha Epsilon Mu chapter of the nation-wide Phi Theta Kappa (PTK) Honor Society holds its induction ceremony for new members. The PTK...
Read more
Endangered Species listing proposed for 10 Giant Clams, some in the territory
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — The National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) has proposed listing 10 giant clam species as endangered or threatened under the Endangered Species Act (ESA). This proposal follows lengthy discussion after a 2016 petition. NMFS’s status review suggests listing five species...
Read more
House version of FY 2025 budget with amendments passed by Senate
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — The Fono passed the ASG budget bill for FY 2025 totaling $733.6 million yesterday with amendments from both chambers that didn’t increase the budget but reallocated funds to areas that each chamber believed were necessary. The House of Representatives unanimously passed...
Read more
Senate approves in final reading bill reducing the term of ALJ
Pago Pago, AMERICAN SAMOA — The Senate approved in its final reading yesterday, a bill introduced by Senate President Tuaolo Manaia Fruean, which reduces the term of the Administrative Law Judge (ALJ) from six years to four years. Attorney General Fainuulelei Alailima-Utu, who testified on the bill...
Read more
Bill streamlining approval of territory’s amendments moves forward in U.S. Senate
Washington, D.C. — Congresswoman Uifa’atali Amata is welcoming Wednesday’s action in a U.S. Senate legislative hearing that moves forward her House-passed bill for American Samoa, H.R. 6062. This self-determination bill, in fulfillment of an unanimous request by a Fono Resolution and Governor...
Read more
Pages
« first ‹ previous … 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 … next › last »
Photos Videos
Recent Comments Most Viewed
Kelo Ma'afala 

I support and feel for you, Tracy, 100%! My heart goes out to you, uso, and your loved ones. Based on the evidence and experiences you've shared, I firmly believe someone (or a group) in...

“AIRLINE POLICY DISCRIMINATES ON SAMOAN TRADITIONS & BELIEFS” · 1 day ago

ljames tafaoa 

When you signed on the dotted line upon your hiring, you agree to follow all the polices of the Airline stated on those legal documents. So, I don't why your crying wolf now? I respect our...

“AIRLINE POLICY DISCRIMINATES ON SAMOAN TRADITIONS & BELIEFS” · 2 days ago

What happened P&P 

We did not vote for Ella to be the Governor. We voted for Pula & Pulu. Where are they?

In-coming admin requests transition budget and assistance of $200,000 · 4 days ago

I laugh 

It's a really boring story of Samoans needing to travel to the states to ensure a good future for their families back home. We want to be able to go to school on island, find training on...

In-coming admin requests transition budget and assistance of $200,000 · 4 days ago

inoiNopipilo 

O le toatele ia o ave taxi na o loo auai i le vaega lea. Ua pepesi pei o se faamai i ave taxi le ai aisa.

Court Marshall allegedly discovers contraband when defendant searched · 1 week ago

Copyright © 2024 Osini Faleatasi Inc. dba Samoa News | All Rights Reserved


 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.samoanews.com/taxonomy/term/1/all/feed?page=30&qt-quicktabs=0 
 ----- 
