Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
NCAAM
NCAAW
UFC
Men's NCAA soccer
Women's NCAA soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
F1
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
UEFA Women's Champions League
Summary
Statistics
RMA
CHE
5:45 PM
Summary
Statistics
TWE
CEL
5:45 PM
Summary
Statistics
LYON
WOB
8:00 PM
Summary
Statistics
ROMA
GAL
8:00 PM
VIEW ALL
Coppa Italia
Summary
Statistics
JUV
CAG
8:00 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024-25 UEFA Nations League, Group Stage
ESP
3-1-0, 10 PTS
3
FT
SRB
1-1-2, 4 PTS
0
Aymeric Laporte - 5'Álvaro Morata - 65'Álex Baena - 77'
Strahinja Pavlovic - 76'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
More
Spain cruise past Serbia to reach Nations League quarters
2:01
Spain's second team see off Serbia in Nations League

ESPN FC's Luis Garcia reacts to Spain's second team's 3-0 win over Serbia in Group A4 in the Nations League.

ByReuters
Updated: Oct 16, 2024, 07:21 am

European champions Spain claimed a place in the Nations League quarterfinals with a 3-0 home win over Serbia on Tuesday thanks to goals by Aymeric Laporte, Álvaro Morata and Álex Baena.

With two games left, Spain have secured at least a second-place finish as they top League A Group Four with 10 points, three ahead of Denmark and six clear of Serbia, with Switzerland bottom on one point after a 2-2 home draw with the Danes.

Spain were missing several players from the team that beat England 2-1 in the Euro 2024 final in July but still outclassed Serbia with 30 shots against three from the visitors.

Defender Laporte gave the Spaniards the lead with a close-range header in the fifth minute and Morata, who missed a penalty in the 54th, extended Spain's lead with a strike from just inside the box after 65 minutes.

Serbia's Strahinja Pavlovic was shown a straight red card for a last-man foul on Mikel Oyarzabal on the edge of the area in the 78th and Baena curled the free kick into the top corner to wrap up an easy victory for Spain.

Alvaro Morata made amends for his missed penalty with a goal in Spain's win over Denmark.
Joaquin Corchero/Europa Press via Getty Images

"We are in another final stage of a major tournament and that is something to be proud of," captain Morata told Spanish public television TVE.

"It seems easy because we are always there in the final stages but sure it isn't so we have to understand how special it is and give it the proper value it has.

"We have several injured players, we missed them but we have to look at the positives that are young players stepping up. What we have created is special and we have to keep going forward. Spain has an incredible future."

After beating Denmark 1-0 on Saturday without Dani Carvajal and Rodri due to serious knee injuries, and with key players like Nico Williams, Dani Olmo and Robin Le Normand also absent, Luis de la Fuente's side faced Serbia also minus teenage sensation Lamine Yamal, who got injured against the Danes.

But his depleted team didn't miss a beat as they easily handled Serbia and secure a third successive Group A4 win to clinch a top-two finish and become the second team to book a quarterfinal place after Germany who qualified on Monday.

After Laporte headed the opener from a cross by Pedro Porro, Spain wasted several chances, including a penalty for handball by Veljko Birmancevic that Morata blasted over the bar.

It was not until 20 minutes into the second half that they extended their lead as Morata slotted home first-time with the inside of his left foot after a neat through ball from Fabián Ruiz before Baena wrapped up the win with a terrific free-kick.

Game Information
Nuevo Arcángel
6:45 PM, October 15, 2024
Córdoba, Spain
Line: ESP -1.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 20,345
Referees:
Daniel Stefanski
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/698984 
 ----- 
