Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Barcelona beat Real Madrid
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Australian Open 2025
SPORTS
France homers as part of 9 for 11 series, Reds’ 1-0 victory extends winning streak vs. Astros to 9
1 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Ty France hits a home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

2 of 14 |  

Ty France de los Rojos de Cincinnati batea un jonrón ante los Astros de Houston, el jueves 5 de septiembre de 2024. (AP Foto/Carolyn Kaster)

3 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Ty France, right, celebrates with third base coach J.R. House as he rounds the bases after hitting a home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

4 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Ty France, right, celebrates with third base coach J.R. House as he rounds the bases after hitting a home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

5 of 14 |  

Houston Astros pitcher Caleb Ferguson throws during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

6 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds pitcher Alexis Díaz reacts as Houston Astros’ Ben Gamel strikes out swinging for the final out in the ninth inning of a baseball game, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

7 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds shortstop Elly De La Cruz catches a pop fly hit by Houston Astros Jeremy Peña during the ninth inning of a baseball game, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

8 of 14 |  

Houston Astros manager Joe Espada (19) reacts to being ejected by home plate umpire Brian O’Nora during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

9 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds pitcher Alexis Díaz throws during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

10 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds shortstop Elly De La Cruz (44) and second baseman Jonathan India (6) celebrate after winning a baseball game against the Houston Astros, 1-0, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

11 of 14 |  

Houston Astros manager Joe Espada (19) reacts to being ejected by home plate umpire Brian O’Nora during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

12 of 14 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Hunter Brown throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Thursday, Sept. 5, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

13 of 14 |  

Houston Astros’ Jon Singleton watches his home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

14 of 14 |  

Cincinnati Reds pitcher Brent Suter (31) and catcher Luke Maile (22) celebrate after winning a baseball game against the Houston Astros, ,Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024, in Cincinnati. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)

BY  GARY SCHATZ
Updated 10:53 PM UTC, September 5, 2024
Share

CINCINNATI (AP) — Ty France homered in the seventh inning as part of a series sweep in which he went 9 for 11, and the Cincinnati Reds beat Houston 1-0 Thursday for their ninth straight win over the Astros.

Rhett Lowder, the seventh overall pick in the 2023 amateur draft, allowed four hits over 6 1/3 innings in his second big league start.

“We knew they were an aggressive team. I had to come out with my best stuff and get them out as fast as possible,” said Lowder, who has allowed just one run in his first 10 1/3 innings. “I feel really good with where my games at right now.”

The 22-year-old right-hander with shoulder-length hair walked four and struck out three.

“There is no question that he’s showing he was prepared to be here and he’s doing it in such a way that shows he knows how to pitch,” Reds manager David Bell said. “He located pitches, great mix, four different pitches. To do it against that team with their lineup is a great experience for him. He will continue to get better.”

Tony Santillan (2-2) induced an inning-ending double play in the seventh and worked around a walk in a hitless eighth. Alexis Díaz pitched a perfect ninth for his 25th save in 29 chances, finishing a four-hitter.

RELATED STORIES
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker
Pitcher Luis Garcia agrees to $1,875,000 deal with Astros as he returns from Tommy John surgery

Cincinnati pitched its fifth shutout, tied with the Chicago White Sox for second-fewest in the major leagues behind Colorado with one.

Houston’s AL Central lead was cut to 4 1/2 games over Seattle. The Reds also swept Houston in three-game series in 2019 and 2023.

After Hunter Brown allowed four hits in six innings, Bryan Abreu (2-3) allowed France’s 12th home run this season.

“I had a good series in Kansas City but off the top of my head, I can’t remember a series like this,” said France who often faced the Astros when he played for Seattle.

Astros shortstop Jeremy Peña had two hits and two big defensive plays. He hopped on second to avoid a sliding Jake Fraley and gloved the toss from second baseman Jose Altuve for an inning-ending forceout in the fourth, then picked up Jonathan India’s grounder on the outfield grass in the fifth and made a strong throw on the fly to first baseman Jon Singleton for the out.

Yordan Alvarez was 0 for 4 a day after a 10-game hitting streak ended and was 1 for 11 in the series.

“We had some great fielding plays that kept us in a close game,” Houston manager Joe Espada said. “We had some opportunities to score but couldn’t get the big hit. It was a grind.”

Astros manager Joe Espada was ejected by plate umpire Brian O’Nora signaled a 1-1 changeup hit Alex Bregman but first base umpire Brennan Miller signaled foul ball, which became the call. While replays showed Bregman was struck on the right arm, a video review ruled the call on the field stood.

Espada came out for a lengthy discussion and returned to the dugout. Then, after Bregman took a full-count pitch for a called third strike, Espada was ejected by O’Nora for apparently yelling from the dugout, his fourth ejection this season.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Astros: OF Kyle Tucker, sidelined since June 3 by a leg injury, ran and took batting practice Thursday. Espada hopes he will be activated Friday.

Reds: LHP Andrew Abbott (strained left shoulder) started a throwing program on Wednesday. RHP Hunter Greene (sore right elblow) was scheduled to throw side sessions Thursday and Sunday.

UP NEXT

Astros: LHP Framber Valdez (13-6, 3.11) will start Friday against visiting Arizona, which goes with RHP Brandon Pfaadt (9-7, 4.32).

Reds: Cincinnati had not announced a starter for Friday’s series opener at the New York Mets, who start LHP Sean Manaea (11-5, 3.35) and enter with a seven-game winning streak.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Man who fatally stabbed attack er on NYC subway won't be...
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Canada's former leader Chrétie n has blunt advice for Trump:...
Pastrnak's goal in OT lifts Bruins over Panthers 4-3 and...
Down 32, Pitt women tie NCAA Division I women's comeback...
Supreme Court to weigh reinstat ing Obamacare care requireme...
The Supreme Court agreed Friday to consider some reinstating preventative...
AP News
Germany calls a Russian oil tanker adrift in the Baltic Sea a...
An oil tanker believed to be part of Russia’s efforts to evade international...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle ?
From childhood toy to adult pastime, jigsaw puzzles are one of America's most...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
New Outlander SUV Is Turning Heads! (See Deals)
GoSearches | Search Ads
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
US finds no 'Havana syndrome' link to foreign powers, but 2 sp...
A U.S. intelligence report finds no evidence linking a foreign power to the mysterious...
AP News
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after subm...
AP News
Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Efforts continue to stabilize area where Pennsylvania woman fe...
A sinkhole where a Pennsylvania woman fell to her death last month is now being...
AP News
Shadow fleet of tankers keeps Russia's oil money flowing des...
The Group of Seven democracies have sought to crimp Russia’s oil export...
AP News
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-reds-score-a122ef7650847c045107e9136bde5355 
 ----- 
