Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Astros can't get the big hit, wasting latest Brown gem
Share
Astros can't get the big hit, wasting latest Brown gem
September 5th, 2024

Mike Petraglia

Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

CINCINNATI -- Little things added up to one big headache for the Astros on Thursday as they were handed yet another head-scratching loss by their former nemesis from the National League Central.

Ty France unloaded for a solo homer -- his 12th -- off reliever Bryan Abreu to open the seventh inning, and reliever Tony Santillan got out of a first-and-third, one-out jam in the seventh to earn the win as the Astros fell in a pitchers’ duel, 1-0, before 16,126 at Great American Ball Park.

The Astros had no answers this week for France, who finished the series 9-for-11.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

But in turning the mirror on themselves, they know one run shouldn’t beat them, especially when one of their best starting pitchers holds the opposition scoreless over six innings.

Hunter Brown was again in dominant form, allowing four hits and striking out six over six scoreless innings. It was Brown’s sixth straight outing allowing two runs or fewer and the team-leading 17th quality start for the 26-year-old right-hander.

“I think he's a guy that has kind of embraced the big games like today,” manager Joe Espada said before Brown’s 27th start. “This is a big game.”

And Brown pitched with the determination of a starter who wants to be a stopper on a team already with names like Justin Verlander and Framber Valdez. Afterward, Espada said Brown pitched to the big moment.

"Hunter Brown gave us the start that we needed,” Espada said. “He gave us a strong six innings. He was really, really good. We just couldn't get a big hit today."

Related
With Wagner on cusp, a look back on HOFers with Astros ties

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Astros flush with rotation options for 2025

January 7th, 2025

What to watch for with Astros in 2025

January 3rd, 2025

The rainbow of arm angles you'll see in the playoffs

October 1st, 2024

Despite Brown’s heroics, the Astros somehow were swept for a third straight series by the Reds, giving Cincinnati nine consecutive wins over Houston dating to 2019.

“He's a stud, probably since the end of May and June,” Alex Bregman said of Brown. “He's probably been the best pitcher in baseball, or one of the top three. So it's been fun to play defense behind him and watch him grow. He's one of the elite starting arms in the game now.”

Early on, Thursday’s matinee was a classic pitchers’ duel, with Brown holding his own against Rhett Lowder -- Cincinnati’s No. 2 prospect, per MLB Pipeline.

The Astros could not take advantage of Lowder’s early struggles with command, as the rookie -- making his second big league start -- walked three and allowed a pair of hits in the first five innings.

The frustration of not scoring, and not being able to solve Cincinnati in general, got to Espada. The Houston skipper was tossed by home plate umpire Brian O’Nora following a called third strike on Bregman for the second out of the fourth. It was Espada’s fourth ejection of his rookie year in charge of the Astros.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The actual spark to the disagreement came prior to the called third strike from Lowder. The rookie threw a 1-1 changeup that ran inside and replays seemed to show glanced off Bregman’s right arm.

The call on the field was a foul ball. Replays suggested the ball never hit the bat, and first-base umpire Brennan Miller ruled no swing. The call on the field stood as a foul ball since O’Nora ruled it foul on the field.

“Since they called foul ball on the field, even though they knew it hit something, they just couldn't change it and the call stood,” Bregman said afterward. “They couldn't turn it to hit by pitch. That's the explanation I got.”

The explanation provided no comfort when Bregman struck out looking.

Would it have mattered? Jon Singleton walked and Jeremy Peña singled before Ben Gamel grounded out to end the inning.

“We didn't do anything offensively today,” said Bregman, playing in his second game back from right elbow soreness. “We didn't put anything together. So it's not what won or lost the game by any means. We just didn't do anything offensively.”

The frustration only grew in the seventh when the Astros finally knocked the impressive Lowder out of the game on a one-out walk by Gamel and a single from Chas McCormick. Pinch-hitter Victor Caratini grounded into an inning-ending 4-6-3 double play against Santillan.

That was made all the more painful in the bottom of the inning, when France unloaded on an 0-1 fastball from Abreu and deposited the 96.4 mph four-seamer into the seats in left-center for a 1-0 Cincinnati lead.

“It's a tough series for us, obviously,” Brown said. “It didn't go the way we wanted it to. So come back [Friday] and play some good baseball.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Houston Astros
Hunter Brown
You may have missed...
Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

The top 10 bloopers of 2024, ranked

December 30th, 2024

Sizing up free-agent market as new year begins

January 1st, 2025

Every team's largest contracts by total value

December 28th, 2024

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/hunter-brown-shines-in-astros-shutout-loss-to-reds 
 ----- 
