Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Houston Astros Face Cincinnati Reds in Hope of Avoiding Series Sweep
The Houston Astros are trying to get out of Cincinnati with a win over the Reds, a series that has become a speed bump toward winning the AL West.
Matthew Postins | Sep 5, 2024
Aug 29, 2024; Houston, Texas, USA; Houston Astros starting pitcher Hunter Brown (58) pitches against the Kansas City Royals in the second inning at Minute Maid Park. / Thomas Shea-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Astros

The Houston Astros won’t have long to think about Wednesday night’s awful outing against the Cincinnati Reds, as they try to avert a series sweep on Thursday.

The getaway day game begins at 12:10 p.m. central with broadcast on the Space City Home Network and MLB Network, the latter of which is for out-of-market audiences only.

In spite of losing the last two games with the Reds, the Astros (75-64) haven’t lost ground in the AL West, as they have a six-game lead in the division over the Seattle Mariners. Houston is the only team in the division with a winning record.

On Wednesday, the Astros lost to Cincinnati, 12-5. Astros starter Spencer Arrighetti was roughed up for the first time in a while, as he allowed nine runs on six hits and three walks in the first inning of the loss. He was coming off being named the AL Rookie of the Month for August after posting a 1.95 ERA in five starts.

Third baseman Alex Bregman returned to the lineup and outfielder Kyle Tucker is considered “really, really close” to a return to the lineup.

Houston hopes right-hander Hunter Brown (11-7, 3.55) can break the spell the Reds have on the Astros as he’ll take the start on Thursday.

He’s taken a no-decision in his last two starts. But he’s gone at least six innings in each of those starts. Against Kansas City on Wednesday, he threw 6.2 innings without allowing a run. He gave up two hits and two walks while he struck out four. His last win was on Aug. 17 against the Chicago White Sox.

For the season he’s thrown a career-high 147 innings, with 155 strikeouts and 54 walks.

Cincinnati (67-73) will start right-hander Rhett Lowder (0-1, 2.25), who was promoted and made his Major League debut on Friday. He was one of the Reds’ top prospects before he arrived in the Majors.

In his debut against Milwaukee, he took the loss after a four-inning start in which he only gave up two hits and one earned run. He struck out six and walked four.

Cincinnati’s first-round pick in 2023 out of Wake Forest has played just one minor league season. With three affiliates this season he went 6-4 with a 3.64 ERA, with 113 strikeouts and 24 walks in 108.2 innings.

After Thursday’s game, the Astros return home to Minute Maid Park to begin a three-game series with the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday.

Published Sep 5, 2024
MATTHEW POSTINS

Matthew Postins is an award-winning sports journalist who covers the Texas Rangers, Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago Cubs and Houston Astros for Sports Illustrated/FanNation. He also covers he Big 12 for Heartland College Sports.

Follow postinspostcard

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/astros/news/houston-astros-face-cincinnati-reds-in-hope-of-avoiding-series-sweep 
 ----- 
