Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
NFL divisional round schedule
Commanders win with doink FG
Eagles punish Packers
Will Vrabel's Pats return work?
Lakers, Clips expected to play Monday
Cincinnati.com | The Enquirer
Spencer Steer's strikeout in Reds-Astros comes after Brian O'Nora called ball four
Dave Clark, Cincinnati Enquirer
Thu, Sep 5, 2024·1 min read

Spencer Steer's 8th-inning plate appearance in Thursday's series finale against the Houston Astros didn't end up keeping the Cincinnati Reds from completing a three-game sweep, but Steer took four balls and should have been on first base with a walk before he made the third out with a swinging third strike.

What's surprising is the Reds didn't call home plate umpire Brian O'Nora on losing track of the count, in a 1-0 game. Steer himself even checked with O'Nora when it was a 3-2 count, before he took the fourth ball.

Bally Sports Ohio play-by-play broadcaster John Sadak did realize that Steer should've walked, which would've given the Reds runners on first and second with two outs.

The Cincinnati Reds' Spencer Steer

"I think that was ball four," Sadak said during the broadcast. "There is strike three. There was no argument from the Reds, but I had that count at full. We'll see if that out and possible run matters."

Ty France, who provided the game's only run with his solo homer and batted 9-for-11 in the series, was on deck. France's .818 batting average tied Cy Seymour for highest in a single series by a Red since 1901, with a minimum of 10 at-bats.

LOVE SPORTS? [ Subscribe now for unlimited access to Cincinnati.com ]

This article originally appeared on Cincinnati Enquirer: Spencer Steer's Reds-Astros strikeout comes after ump called ball four

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Wild Card fifth quarter: Commanders walk it off again, Lamar & Henry’s 1-2 punch & Houston’s defensive dominance | Football 301

Nate Tice and Charles McDonald recap the first five wild card matchups following the Commanders' wild walk-off win over the Buccaneers. They also discuss Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry's dominant performance over the Steelers and the Texans picking off Justin Herbert 4 times, along with the rest of the games.

Yahoo Sports
Wild Card instant takeaways: Jayden Daniels is a superstar, Love & Herbert fall flat | Inside Coverage

In this episode of Inside Coverage, Jason Fitz and Frank Schwab give their instant reactions and takeaways from every game of the Saturday and Sunday Wild Card slate as NFL playoff action is officially underway.

Yahoo Sports
A.J. Brown went viral for reading a book on sideline of Packers-Eagles. But his story explains why Philly is advancing in the NFC playoffs

Brown didn’t stumble upon this book on his own and he didn’t receive the recommendation from a fellow WR or even QB. Like on Sunday vs. the Packers, credit the Eagles' defense with rising to the occasion.

Yahoo Sports
NFL divisional round schedule, playoff bracket: Chiefs, Lions back in action after postseason bye week

The divisional round of the playoffs is up next.

Yahoo Sports
Baker Mayfield's punishing run sends Bobby Wagner reeling, sets up Buccaneers TD vs. Commanders

Bobby Wagner might want to skip the replay on this one.

Yahoo Sports
Commanders pull off thrilling wild-card win over Bucs on doinked-in field goal as time expires

Daniels is the first rookie QB since Russell Wilson in 2012 to lead a team to a road win in the postseason.

Yahoo Sports
Hiring Mike Vrabel was the easy part for Patriots ownership. Now the heavy lifting begins with 3 hard questions

The players who can’t get with the program when it comes to being a pro — knowing the scheme and playbook, practicing hard, being on time, showing up in the offseason — will not make it.

Yahoo Sports
Jalen Brunson scores 44 in Knicks' 140–106 blowout of Bucks

The gap between the Knicks and Bucks might be wider than the Eastern Conference standings indicate.

Yahoo Sports
Lakers, Clippers expected to resume home play Monday after Los Angeles fires postponed games

Lakers and Clippers games over the weekend were postponed because of the fires.

Yahoo Sports
Josh Allen, Bills crush Broncos to set up huge divisional clash with Lamar Jackson and Ravens

There haven’t been many more compelling divisional round matchups than what we’ll get in Buffalo next week after the Bills easily dispatched Denver.

Yahoo Sports
Bills-Broncos: Was RB Ty Johnson out of bounds on a key fourth-down TD catch?

The Bills had a very close call on a key touchdown.

Yahoo Sports
What did official say to Bills QB Josh Allen after he protested missed call in win over Broncos?

Were officials acknowledging that they blew the call on a Bills pass into the end zone?

Yahoo Sports
Bettors backing favorites in each of Sunday's NFL wild-card games

The Rams are the only home team not favored in the remaining four wild-card games.

Yahoo Sports
Same old Chargers? With a chance to stamp a new identity, Jim Harbaugh’s culture cracked

All that was left after this season of revival was to showcase it when it mattered most. Instead, they looked worryingly similar to the Chargers of old.

Yahoo Sports
C.J. Stroud just needed a fumbled shotgun snap to kickstart a 99-yard TD drive

A big mistake turned into a big play for the Texans.

Yahoo Sports
Steelers-Ravens: While Lamar Jackson, Baltimore leave little doubt in 28-14 win, there's plenty of doubts building vs. Pittsburgh's Mike Tomlin

Tomlin isn’t the problem with the Steelers. Saying he is requires a belief the Steelers should have won more than 10 games this season. But the frustration from Steelers fans is valid.

Yahoo Sports
Another ridiculous Lamar Jackson TD pass leads to MVP chants in Baltimore

Jackson was up to his old tricks in the first half of Baltimore's playoff opener.

Yahoo Sports
Chargers kicker Cameron Dicker's enormous gaffe allows Texans to return blocked extra point

Dicker appeared to misunderstand the rules about blocked kicks.

Yahoo Sports
NFL wild-card previews: Predictions and breaking down all 6 matchups

You can watch all six games live on mobile with NFL+.

Yahoo Sports
Patriots hire Mike Vrabel as new head coach, replacing one-and-done Jerod Mayo

The Patriots have again hired one of their former linebackers to be their new head coach.

Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/spencer-steers-strikeout-reds-astros-200155702.html 
 ----- 
