Subscribe
Home
Latest
Subscriber Only
Crosswords & Puzzles
Ireland
Politics
Opinion
Business
World
Sport
Gaelic Games
Rugby
Soccer
Golf
Racing
Athletics
Boxing
Cycling
Hockey
Tennis
Your Money
Crime & Law
Property
Food
Health
Life & Style
Culture
Environment
Technology
Science
Media
Abroad
Obituaries
Transport
Motors
Listen
Podcasts
Video
Photography
History
Tuarascáil
Student Hub
Offbeat
Family Notices
Opens in new window
Sponsored
Subscriber Rewards
Competitions
Weather Forecast
Soccer
Euro 2024 qualifiers: Northern Ireland end campaign on a high while England draw in North Macedonia
Isaac Price and Dion Charles on target in Windsor Park while an own goal saves England from an upset
Expand
Northern Ireland’s Dion Charles celebrates scoring his side's second goal against Denmark. Photograph: William Cherry/Presseye/Inpho
Mon Nov 20 2023 - 22:12
Northern Ireland 2 Denmark 0

Northern Ireland saved their best until last as they ended a miserable Euro 2024 qualifying campaign on a high note with a 2-0 win over Group H winners Denmark.

Second half goals from Isaac Price and Dion Charles got Windsor Park roaring again as Northern Ireland recorded only their third win of the year, and the first against anyone other than San Marino.

The match was effectively a dead rubber – Northern Ireland’s hopes of progressing to next summer’s finals were over by the summer while Denmark booked their ticket with a 2-1 win over Slovenia on Friday night – but this was a much-needed win for Michael O’Neill’s men after a testing few months.

The injury problems that have plagued them from the very start continued to the bitter end with Daniel Ballard ruled out of this one, but the young players O’Neill has had to lean on so heavily should take great encouragement from a win over the top-ranked nation in Group H.

READ MORE
Sean Hoare signs for St Patrick’s Athletic on multi-year contract
Rangers rampage old foes Celtic in Old Firm clash at Ibrox
Mikel Arteta battles injury crisis amid Arsenal’s crammed January schedule
‘Wait and see’: Real Madrid keep their counsel over Trent Alexander-Arnold

Victory came thanks to two fine goals. On the hour, Jamal Lewis spun away from his man and ran down the left, playing the ball inside to Dion Charles who shuffled it on to Shea Charles. The Southampton man then saw the run of Price, whose shot beat Kasper Schmeichel at his near post.

Then with nine minutes left Conor McMenamin, just on as a substitute, burst down the left, beat Crystal Palace’s Joachim Andersen and played a low ball across goal for Dion Charles to sweep home.

At the other end, it was a good night too for Conor Hazard. O’Neill had been unhappy with how the Plymouth goalkeeper had conceded the second goal in Friday’s 4-0 loss to Finland, but the stand-in stopper came up with two big saves in the first half here, then another in stoppage time.

As they did in Helsinki, Northern Ireland began well, and they were gifted a golden opportunity eight minutes in when Rasmus Kristensen’s poor header fell into the path of Dion Charles only for the Bolton striker to see his shot rattle the far post.

Northern Ireland's striker Dion Charles celebrates scoring against Denmark. Photograph: Paul Faith / AFP via Getty Images

Eoin Toal then headed wide from a deep cross, but gradually Denmark, sporting seven changes from Friday’s win as Kasper Hjulmand assessed some of his squad players, began to exert control and the spark went out of Northern Ireland’s performance.

Hazard watched Morten Hjulmand’s half-volley fly over the crossbar before Mohamed Daramy cut in from the left to hit a shot which perhaps struck Paddy McNair on the arm although the Middlesbrough man, wearing the captain’s armband, had his hands across his chest.

Hazard made a reaction save to deny Andersen from a corner, and then used less orthodox methods to keep out a long-range effort from ex-Chelsea man Andreas Christiansen, diving to his right and then kicking it clear after it took a deflection off Toal.

The crowd had gone quiet as Denmark bossed play, but it all changed in the second half.

Toal had headed narrowly wide from a Lewis cross just before Price finished off Northern Ireland’s best move of the night, perhaps of the entire campaign, to wake Windsor Park from its slumbers.

Denmark substitute Pierre-Emile Hojbjerg blasted a shot wide soon after, but McMenamin then came off the bench to tee up the decisive second.

After Hazard made another good save to deny Jonas Wind, the match-winner in Copenhagen back in June, in stoppage time the final whistle was greeted with a huge cheer as the frustrations of a long campaign were expunged.

England's Harry Kane appeals to referee Filip Glova during the Euro 2024 Qualifying Group C match in Skopje, North Macedonia. Photograph: Nick Potts/PA Wire
North Macedonia 1 England 1

England suffered a frustrating conclusion to their qualifying campaign as they were held to a scrappy 1-1 draw by North Macedonia in Group C.

With qualification long since secured and just a draw needed to seal a top seeding for next year’s finals, England trailed to Enis Bardhi’s 41st-minute rebound effort after his penalty was saved.

Gareth Southgate’s group winners hogged possession but lacked fluency and invention against dogged hosts and needed an own goal by Jani Atanasov to get them level on the hour.

Jack Grealish had earlier seen a goal ruled out while teenager Rico Lewis had a debut he will want to forget after harshly being penalised for North Macedonia’s penalty.

England ended the calendar year unbeaten, if in a rather underwhelming way, topping their group with 20 points from eight games with North Macedonia fourth.

Euro 2024
IN THIS SECTION
Sean Hoare signs for St Patrick’s Athletic on multi-year contract
Rangers rampage old foes Celtic in Old Firm clash at Ibrox
Mikel Arteta battles injury crisis amid Arsenal’s crammed January schedule
‘Wait and see’: Real Madrid keep their counsel over Trent Alexander-Arnold
Aleksey Bugaev: The story of the former Russian international who died fighting in Ukraine
MOST READ
Significant snow likely as Met Éireann issues cold weather warning with lows of -10 degrees forecast
Golden visa shutdown came after officials warned of potentially ‘unlawful’ and ‘unethical’ practices
Woman who went missing 52 years ago is found alive and well in England
Brazilian student deported from Ireland over Christmas claims paperwork error left him ‘helpless’
Restaurant review: With delicious food and keen prices, this Dublin spot is in a league of its own
LATEST STORIES
Total of 2,319 confirmed cases of flu over Christmas week
Suspect in Mirjana Pap murder expected to be questioned after being detained on unrelated matter
European stocks shake off slow start to rise in first trading session of the year
Who was Shamsud-Din Jabbar, the suspect in New Orleans truck attack?
Russian forces aiming to surround strategic eastern city of Pokrovsk, Ukraine says
Facebook page
Twitter feed

© 2024 The Irish Times DAC

Subscribe
Why Subscribe?
Subscription Bundles
Subscriber Rewards
Student Subscription
Subscription Help Centre
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
Gift Subscriptions
Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Opens in new window
My Account
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
The Irish Times Trust
Careers
Irish Times Products & Services
ePaper
Crosswords & puzzles
Newspaper Archive
Newsletters
Article Index
Opens in new window
Discount Codes
Opens in new window
Download the app
   
MyHome.ie
Opens in new window
The Gloss
Opens in new window
Recruit Ireland
Opens in new window
Irish Times Training
Opens in new window
RIP.ie
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Cookie Settings
Community Standards
Copyright
We value your privacy
We and our 81 partners store and access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies. This is done to process personal data. To take these actions we require your consent, which you can provide through the banner options. You can manage your preferences and object to processing based on legitimate interest at any time in the privacy policy page. Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I ACCEPT MANAGE SETTINGS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/soccer/2023/11/20/euro-2024-qualifiers-northern-ireland-end-campaign-on-a-high-while-england-draw-in-north-macedonia/ 
 ----- 
