Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans React to Pistons Going Ice Cold vs Miami Heat
The Detroit Pistons dropped another matchup on Monday against the Miami Heat.
Justin Grasso | Oct 29, 2024
Oct 28, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; Miami Heat center Thomas Bryant (31) and forward Duncan Robinson (55) defend Detroit Pistons guard Jaden Ivey (23) during the second half at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Rhona Wise-Imagn Images / Rhona Wise-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Pistons
Miami Heat

Another game, another letdown loss for the Detroit Pistons on Monday night in Miami.

Once again, the Pistons went through three quarters, putting up a good fight. The veteran forward Tim Hardaway Jr. was shooting efficiently, knocking down five of his eight shots, along with hitting on all four of his free throws to generate 17 points.

Cade Cunningham had a perfect first half in the shooting department and made 70 percent of his shots before the fourth quarter to produce a team-high 20 points. The star guard had five assists to go with that.

But the fourth quarter continues to be the Pistons’ worst enemy this season.

A one-point lead at the end of three quickly vanished. The Heat fired off nearly 30 points in the final quarter of the outing, while the Pistons couldn’t buy a bucket down the stretch. Putting up 22 shots in the fourth quarter, the Pistons made less than 30 percent of their attempts.

Going ice cold down in Miami, the Pistons were defeated 106-98. The Heat advanced to 2-1 on the year. Meanwhile, the Pistons dropped to 0-4.

After a rough season in 2023-2024, the slightly new-look Pistons hoped to find different results in 2024-2025. It’s still early, and there are signs of promise in sight, but Detroit still doesn’t have a win at the start of the second week.

NBA Fans Discuss the Pistons’ Loss in Miami

@Pistons__Talk: Pistons start the season 0-4. Cade just looks disappointed in the result tonight.

@PistonsAntonio: Another Pistons 4th quarter collapse

Another Pistons 4th quarter collapse pic.twitter.com/f8orDT4Vrv

— antonio (@PistonsAntonio) October 29, 2024

@Kofie: There is not a team that tenses up more in the 4th quarter than the Detroit Pistons

There is not a team that tenses up more in the 4th quarter than the Detroit Pistons

— Kofie (@Kofie) October 29, 2024

@seanhalfcourt: Took a minute and three seconds for the Pistons to undo their solid work in the third quarter

@MobHoops: Opposing teams seeing the pistons make a fake 3rd quarter comeback:

Opposing teams seeing the pistons make a fake 3rd quarter comeback: pic.twitter.com/YcYGukDuLO

— Mob (@MobHoops) October 29, 2024

@DuncanSmithNBA: No reason to think the Pistons should have won any of these games but the fact that they didn’t is really annoying. Somehow they found a way to lose expected losses in deeply discouraging ways

No reason to think the Pistons should have won any of these games but the fact that they didn’t is really annoying. Somehow they found a way to lose expected losses in deeply discouraging ways

— Duncan Smith (@DuncanSmithNBA) October 29, 2024
Published Oct 29, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Follow JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pistons/news/nba-fans-react-pistons-going-ice-cold-vs-miami-heat 
 ----- 
