MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jalen Green scores 34 points and Rockets beat Spurs 106-101 to split 2-game set
Updated Oct. 28, 2024 10:52 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SAN ANTONIO (AP) — Jalen Green scored 34 points and the Houston Rockets never trailed in a 106-101 victory over Victor Wembanyama and the San Antonio Spurs on Monday night.

Jabari Smith added 17 points and Alperen Sengun had 12 points and 12 rebounds for Houston.

The Rockets rebounded from a 109-106 loss to the Spurs on Saturday to close out a two-game set in San Antonio.

Jeremy Sochan had 22 points and nine rebounds, and Wembanyama had 12 points and 18 rebounds for the Spurs.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Rockets: Houston gave up six consecutive points to allow San Antonio to get within 101-99 with 36 seconds remaining. Veteran point guard Fred VanVleet, who was 3 for 13 from the field at the time, calmly drained a 3-pointer with 18 seconds remaining. VanVleet finished with 11 points.

Spurs: Chris Paul had 16 points after scoring a combined six in San Antonio’s first two games. It was his highest-scoring game since he had 19 points against the Spurs on March 11 while with Golden State. Paul had just three assists after averaging 8.5 in his first two games.

Key moment

San Antonio missed five consecutive shots on one possession in the third quarter, including four at near point-blank range. Sochan opened the possession by missing a floater. Keldon Johnson then missed a 3-pointer, Sochan missed a hook shot, Zach Collins missed a 3-pointer and Sochan ended the futility by missing a layup. After failing to secure the previous four rebounds, Houston gained possession and quickly drove down the court to score on a hook shot by Steven Adams.

Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You In 2025
Enter your ZIP code on this website and share a couple of details about the current state of your roof.
HomeBuddy|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Deshaun Watson ruptures Achilles again, could miss 2025 season after new surgery
Browns QB Deshaun Watson ruptured his Achilles again and had another surgery to repair it this week, putting his 2025 availability in question.
Key stat

After shooting 60% in the opening period on Saturday, San Antonio shot 32% in the first quarter Monday and fell behind 29-15.

Up next

The Rockets visit Dallas on Thursday and the Spurs play at Oklahoma City on Wednesday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Houston Rockets
Jalen Green
National Basketball Association
Chris Paul
Fred VanVleet
Alperen Sengün
Jalen Green
San Antonio Spurs
Houston Rockets
NBA - Houston Rockets vs. San Antonio Spurs - 10/29/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/jalen-green-scores-34-points-and-rockets-beat-spurs-106101-to-split-2game-set 
 ----- 
