www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 06 06 → Article 1934537
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Thursday, 6 June 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Jordan Ayew scores late winner in Ghana’s 2-1 win over Mali

« Prev

Next »

Comments (154)

Listen to Article

Share:

Jordan Ayew

Jordan Ayew scored a late winner for Ghana in their 2-1 victory over Mali in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers at the Stade du 26 Mars in Bamako on Thursday, June 6, 2024.

Jordan Ayew came off the bench to breathe life into the game, which almost looked like ending in a 1-1 stalemate.

The Black Stars started the match with good build-up play but later lost possession to the hosts, who took control of the game.

Mali turned up the heat on Ghana and had a few chances at goal, but the Black Stars remained resolute in defense.

The Black Stars, with Antoine Semenyo leading the line, had a fair number of chances in the game.

Mali broke the deadlock in the match in added time of the first half when Kamory Doumbia scored the opener.

It was a nice setup from his teammate that saw Moussa Doumbia strike the ball, but surprisingly, the ball deflected off the body of Alexander Djiku to give Mali the lead.

Straight after passing the center circle, Ghana went in search of the equalizer, but there was not enough time left.

The Black Stars returned from the break much more rejuvenated and motivated.

After a potent attack on the Malians, Ernest Nuamah brought parity for the Black Stars in the game.

It was a cross from Salis Samed that found Nuamah, who was lurking behind a Mali defender, to score the equalizer.

Coach Otto Addo later brought on Jordan Ayew, and the substitute became the game-changer.

Jordan launched three attacks, which saw Thomas Partey miss a big chance in the game.

His second chance was intercepted by the Malians.

But the Eagles were unable to stop [the river] Jordan from flowing in the final minutes of the game as he dribbled into a tight area to score the winner.

JNA

Comments:
This article has 154 comment(s), give your comment
Discover
"Your Wallet Will Thank You – Switch to Energy-Efficient HVAC!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The U.S. Steel deal will save jobs
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
News
ADB breaks silence over Ablakwa's accusation of $750k 'midnight contract' approvals
Business
Agricultural Development Bank defends $750k contract amid Okudzeto Ablakwa's claims
Entertainment
His own mother exposed him; he flaunted a Rolls-Royce he hasn't seen – Stonebwoy targets 'the settings man'
Africa
Kenya's president promises to stop abductions following wave of disappearances
Opinions
Halt expulsion of NPP members from party at this crucial period, party's fortunes already not encouraging
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Jordan-Ayew-scores-late-winner-in-Ghana-s-2-1-win-over-Mali-1934537 
 ----- 
