We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Search for:
 
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
FEMININE ZONE
OTHER SPORTS
1 year |
All African countries, At a glance, Côte d’Ivoire, Football
20 November 2023
World Cup 2026 (Q): 2/2 for Côte d'Ivoire and Equatorial Guinea
World Cup 2026 (Q): 2/2 for Côte d'Ivoire and Equatorial Guinea

Day 2 of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers featured 3 curtain-raisers on Monday. 3 matches that went in favor of the visitors. Côte d'Ivoire, Guinea Bissau and Equatorial Guinea all won away from home. 3 other matches were scheduled for 7pm: Chad-Madagascar; Mali-Central African Republic; Seychelles-Kenya, on which SNA will report.

Group F: Côte d'Ivoire defeat Gambia on home soil

Côte d'Ivoire notch up a second victory.Following their 9-0 win over the Seychelles, Jean-Louis Gasset's men beat Gambia 0-2 on Monday November 20. The opening goal came from Christian Kouamé, who had scored shortly before half-time in the 45th minute. The Elephants' second goal, which sealed the score, came just as late, in the 85th minute.

It was Seko Fofana who scored from a Franck Kessié assist. With this victory, Côte d'Ivoire take the lead in Group F (6 pts), level on points with Gabon.

Group H: second win for Equatorial Guinea

Equatorial Guinea recorded a second consecutive win against Liberia (0-1), away from home.Emilio Nsua struck in the 9th minute. The score remained level. With their 2/2 scoreline, Equatorial Guinea lead Group H, pending the results of the other matches in the group scheduled for Tuesday, Malawi-Tunisia and Sao Tome and Principe-Namibia.

Group A: Guinea Bissau win away on the smallest of scores

The first match of the 2026 World Cup qualifying round between Djibouti and Guinea Bissau went in favor of the visiting Djurtus (0-1). Guinea Bissau scored the only goal of the match in the 39th minute through Mauro Rodrigues. With this victory, Guinea Bissau occupies provisional 2nd place in Group A with 4 pts, behind Egypt (1st, 6 pts). Djibouti are in last place with no points from 2 matches. One match remains to be played in this group, between Ethiopia and Burkina Faso. Both teams have 1 point apiece. The match takes place this Tuesday at 7pm GMT.

Author
Philémon

View all posts 

SNA tells you more!

No recommendation
 Vues : 136
Recommandé pour vous
Recommandé par
SNA FLASH NEWS
8 months | At a glance, Football : FIFA orders Gabon to pay Patrice Neveu 500,000 euros
8 months | At a glance, DR Congo : Congo Cup: TP Mazembe disqualified!
8 months | At a glance, Basketball : NBA - Philadelphia: 76ers unveil their plans for Joel Embiid
8 months | At a glance, Football : Football - Mali: Firmin Sanou is AS Real Bamako's new coach
8 months | All African countries, At a glance : Ligue 1: Mounier and Camara take part in Brest's extraordinary win at Rennes Brest
8 months | At a glance, Côte d’Ivoire : Serie A: Evan Ndicka returns as Roma hold off Napoli
> MORE FLASH NEWS
MERCATO
2 years | Kalidou Koulibaly: Accord between Napoli and Chelsea
3 years | Napoli: Osimhen in Real Madrid's sights
3 years | Turkey: Stephane Mbia signs for a second division club
3 years | Standard Liege: Jackson Muleka loaned to Kasimpasa
3 years | Aston Villa: Trézéguet loaned to Turkey until the end of the season
> MORE MERCATO
IT`S MOVING ON THE NETWORKS
SPORTNEWSAFRICA,
THE REFERENCE FOR SPORT IN AFRICA
About us
Contact
Legal notice
Privacy policy
ALL SPORTS
Football
Basketball
Athletics
Feminine zone
Other sports
E SPORT
KONGOSSA
ARCHIVES
FOLLOW US ON :
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportnewsafrica.com/en/at-a-glance/world-cup-2026-q-2-2-for-cote-divoire-and-equatorial-guinea/ 
 ----- 
