Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Unexpected Player Shines in LA Clippers vs Sacramento Kings
The LA Clippers faced off against the Sacramento Kings on Thursday night
Farbod Esnaashari | Oct 18, 2024
Los Angeles Clippers guard Jordan Miller (11) drives to the basket against Sacramento Kings forward Keegan Murray (13) during the second quarter of NBA preseason game at Intuit Dome. Mandatory Credit: Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images / Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images
In this story:
Sacramento Kings
Los Angeles Clippers

The LA Clippers and Sacramento Kings faced off in their final preseason games against each other on Thursday night. In a game that included DeMar DeRozan, and Domantas Sabonis, it was a second-year player who made the biggest impact on the floor.

Clippers sophomore Jordan Miller has already made waves during NBA Summer League, and it looks like he's doing the same during the preseason. In 27 minutes on the floor, Miller put up 21 points, 3 rebounds, 2 assists, and 1 steal on 73/100/75 shooting from the field.

After the game, Miller was asked about the impact he made on the floor and he was very open about his role on the team.

"Only thing I am really focused on is how I can get better.," Miller said. "Yeah, some days it's hard some days it’s not but all I can do is just you know is just keep perfecting my game and doing things that i can control so and that’s what it’s all about, you know, controlling the controllables even outside of basketball."

Last season, Jordan Miller spent the majority of his time improving his game in the G League. This season, he has one very bold mission in mind: proving that he's too good for the G League.

“I don’t want to sound arrogant, but I want to prove I’m too good for the G League," Miller said.

The LA Clippers have desperately needed some youth in their roster, and Jordan Miller may be the perfect answer to that problem.

Related Articles

Steph Curry References James Harden's Iconic Shot During Olympics Celebration

Patrick Beverley's Honest Quote on Former Clippers Teammate Kawhi Leonard

France Basketball Veteran, Clippers Player Announces Olympics Retirement

Published Oct 18, 2024|Modified Oct 18, 2024
FARBOD ESNAASHARI

12-year NBA veteran that's covered the league on Sports Illustrated, Forbes, Bleacher Report, and ESPN.

Follow Farbod_E

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/clippers/news/unexpected-player-shines-in-la-clippers-sacramento-kings-01jafh9sjrnz 
 ----- 
