Toggle navigation
← Back to Insights
Cricket West Indies and Apex Group renew exciting and innovative partnership

31 October 2024

Cricket West Indies (CWI) has renewed its exciting and long-standing partnership with Apex Group Ltd. (“Apex”), the global financial services provider. Starting from the first CG United ODI match in Antigua, the partnership will see the Apex brand on the front of the Men’s team shirts for the next fourteen (14) White Ball matches across the Caribbean as the West Indies close out 2024.



The extension of the partnership, which started in 2021, reaffirms Apex’s strong support and advocacy for West Indies cricket.  Additionally, a new and innovative association with Apex – the Apex Shot Tracker - will feature during the live global TV broadcast, creating an elevated viewing experience for the audience and aligning with Apex’s strong innovative approach to delivering their global services.

The Apex Shot Tracker, which uses virtual reality to visualize the trajectory of the ball when a six is hit, will provide fans with key data around the distance hit and height reached of each Maximum. The Apex Shot Tracker will be used in the global broadcast of the eight (8) white ball matches against England and six (6) against Bangladesh. 
 
Of the renewed partnership, CWI’s Chief Commercial Officer Rupert Hunter said, “We are very excited to partner with Apex again.  It is a natural alignment that reinforces Apex’s continued support and interest in the growth of West Indian cricket through innovation. With the Apex brand on the front of the Men’s team shirts, we are confident that this will significantly boost brand awareness on a global level.  With the added integration of the Apex Shot Tracker across all our platforms, we will also deliver fans differentiated and engaging content, thanks to the support of Apex.” 

Peter Hughes, Apex Group’s founder and CEO said, ”We are extremely pleased to renew our partnership with the West Indies cricket team. This is an important partnership for us, as we continue to make cricket more sustainable in order to help build the next generation of Caribbean cricketers. We wish the team every success during this tournament.”

Cricket West Indies is committed to the commercial growth of the hallmark regional brand and looks forward to increased partnerships, both at home and abroad. 

The upcoming One Day International schedule is as follows: 

West Indies vs England CG United ODI Series Schedule

1st CG UNITED ODI: 31 October 2024- Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Antigua 
2nd CG UNITED ODI: 2 November 2024- Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Antigua
3rd CG UNITED ODI:  6 November 2024- Kensington Oval Barbados 

West Indies vs England T20I Series Schedule:

1st T20 International: 9 November 2024- Kensington Oval, Barbados. 
2nd T20 International: 10 November 2024- Kensington Oval, Barbados
3rd T20 International: 14 November 2024- Daren Sammy Stadium, St Lucia
4th T20 International: 16 November 2024- Daren Sammy Stadium, St Lucia
5th T20 International: 17 November 2024- Daren Sammy Stadium, St Lucia

West Indies vs Bangladesh Home Series Schedule:

First Test- West Indies vs Bangladesh: November 22-26, 2024, Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Antigua. 
Second Test- West Indies vs Bangladesh: November 30- 4 December 2024, Sabina Park, Jamaica
First CG UNITED ODI – West Indies vs Bangladesh: 8 December 2024, Warner Park, St Kitts & Nevis.
Second CG UNITED ODI- West Indies vs Bangladesh: 10 December 2024, Warner Park Stadium, St Kitts & Nevis.
Third CG UNITED ODI- West Indies vs Bangladesh: 12 December 2024, Warner Park Stadium, St Kitts & Nevis.
 1st T20 International: West Indies vs Bangladesh: 15 December 2024, Arnos Vale Stadium, St Vincent & The Grenadines.
2nd T20 International: West Indies vs Bangladesh: 17 December 2024, Arnos Vale Stadium, St Vincent & The Grenadines.
 3rd T20 International: West Indies vs Bangladesh: 19 December 2024, Arnos Vale Stadium, St Vincent & The Grenadines.

About Apex Group Ltd

Apex Group is dedicated to driving positive change in financial services while fueling the growth and ambitions of asset managers, allocators, financial institutions, and family offices. Established in Bermuda in 2003, the Group has continually disrupted the asset servicing industry through its investment in innovation and talent. Today, Apex Group sets the pace in asset servicing and stands out for its unique single-source solution and unified cross asset-class platform which supports the entire value chain, harnesses leading innovative technology, and benefits from cross-jurisdictional expertise delivered by a long-standing management team and over 13,000 highly integrated professionals.    

Apex Group leads the asset servicing industry with a broad and unmatched range of services, including capital raising, business and corporate management, fund and investor administration, portfolio and investment administration, ESG, capital markets and transactions support. These services are tailored to each client and are delivered both at the Group level and via specialist subsidiary brands. 

The Apex Foundation, a not-for-profit entity, is the Group’s passionate commitment to empower sustainable change.

For more information please contact:

Nyssa Pierre
CWI Communications & Media Manager
(M) +1 (268) 783-0784 
(E) npierre@cricketwestindies.org  
www.windiescricket.com  

Chanel Townsend
Head of Media Relations
Apex Group
(M) +44 7391 046830 
(E) chanel.townsend@apexgroup.com  

Read more
Related
Nature and biodiversity shape sustainable business practices and resilience

Read More

Refining fundraising strategies for alternative investments

Read More

Leading ESG business Holtara becomes EDCI Benchmark Partner

Read More

All Articles
Get in touch with our team
Ask a question
Contact Us
Our Business
Our Story
Client Testimonials
CSR
Insights
Local Support
Location global
Our Values
Culture & Benefits
Contact
Contact Us
Careers & Development

© 2025 Apex Group Ltd. All rights reserved.

Privacy
Cookie Notice
Terms of Use
Disclaimer
Regulatory Status
Anti Slavery
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Reject All Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.apexgroup.com/insights/cricket-west-indies-and-apex-group-renew-exciting-and-innovative-partnership/ 
 ----- 
