Skip to content
Latest News
Menu
HOME
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
MLB
GOLF
SOCCER
MORE
Lauri Markkanen 2024-2025 Fantasy Outlook
Stuart Norris
October 15, 2024
9:36 pm

Lauri Markkanen is entering his eighth NBA season as he tries to lead the Utah Jazz back to prominence. He has played for three teams in his first seven seasons and has been involved in three separate trades. Jimmy Butler and Donovan Mitchell are just a couple of players he’s been traded for.

Markkanen has had trouble staying healthy throughout his career but in 2022-2023, he made his first All-Star appearance and won Most Improved Player for the season. In August 2024, Markkanen signed a five-year extension worth $238 million to stay with the Jazz long-term. He will be a key component for their current roster rebuild. Let’s analyze his fantasy value for the upcoming season.

Lauri Markkanen 2023 Statistics
Oct 10, 2024; Dallas, Texas, USA; Utah Jazz forward Lauri Markkanen (23) drives to the basket as Dallas Mavericks center Jamarion Sharp (33) defends during the second half at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images

Lauri Markkanen missed 27 games last season but still produced an effective statistical season. He averaged 23.2 points, 8.2 rebounds, two assists, and 3.2 three-pointers made. Markkanen continued his excellent efficiency last season falling just short of a 50/40/90 season. Since his rookie season, he has progressively increased his three-pointers made while continuing to shoot slightly below 40 percent from downtown.

Injuries caused Lauri Markkanen to plummet in the fantasy points rankings but when he was healthy he was a tough assignment for opposing defenders. In March of 2024, Markkanen scored a season-high 34 points against the Dallas Mavericks adding seven rebounds and two assists. He had 10 30+point games and 19 double-doubles in the 2023-2024 season.

Lauri Markkanen 2024-2025 Projections

The Utah Jazz are hoping for no injuries or setbacks for Lauri Markkanen in the upcoming season. When healthy, he is an All-Star caliber player and an immense difference-maker for the Jazz. ESPN projects him to average 23.8 points, 8.3 rebounds, two assists, and 3.2 three-pointers in 70 games.

Markkanen is a versatile player who can score at all three levels and carries the Jazz when needed. He is a top 35 fantasy player for the upcoming season with the potential to move into the top 25. Markkanen is a mid-round pick but could slide due to his injury history. He could be a steal if he avoids injury and plays a full season.

Final Thoughts

Expectations aren’t very high for the Utah Jazz going into this season but one bright spot will undoubtedly be Lauri Markkanen. This franchise has a rich history and though things look bleak, Markkanen can bring hope back to Utah. Pairing him up with another star or finding one in the draft will help elevate his game even more. It’s hard to believe Markkanen is only 27 years old but he is still in the prime of his career and needs to put this team on his back and lead them to success.

Markkanen has a lot to prove to those who doubt his durability and toughness but for a guy averaging nearly a 20-point double-double, he needs to let his play do the talking. If Markkanen reaches his ceiling this season, the Utah Jazz could snag a play-in spot and possibly, give your fantasy team a boost in the playoffs, too.

For More Great Content

Craving top-tier content that covers it all? From electrifying sports highlights and insider entertainment news to expert gaming tips and sharp betting advice, we’ve got you covered. Dive into our curated articles to stay ahead of the game with the latest sports action, uncover the hottest trends in entertainment, and get the lowdown on gaming strategies that could level up your play. Plus, our betting advice will sharpen your edge and boost your chances of winning big. Whether you’re looking to stay updated or gain a competitive edge, our content is your go-to source for all things exciting and relevant. Don’t miss out—explore now and power up your knowledge! Follow us on Twitter/X @TotalApexSports, to stay informed.

Stuart Norris
I've loved sports since I was a kid because of the joy it brings to so many people. My writing content spreads throughout fantasy sports, DFS and sports betting. I enjoy all sports but I have a passion for baseball and football.
My Posts
Share this post
Prev
PREVIOUS
Scottie Barnes 2024-2025 Fantasy Outlook
NEXT
Isaiah Likely 2024 Dynasty Outlook
Next
More stories from Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Dallas Cowboys vs. Carolina Panthers Start Em, Sit Em’ Week 15 DFS
December 15, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Miami Dolphins vs. Houston Texans Start Em’ Sit Em’ Week 15 DFS
December 15, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. Los Angeles Chargers DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em| Week 15
December 15, 2024  No Comments
Read More »
Stay Connected
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Pinterest
Search
Search
Site Archives
Categories
Select Category
Best Ball  (57)
CFL/UFL  (0)
Devy Leagues  (98)
Esports  (0)
Golf DFS  (0)
IDP  (68)
Misc  (0)
MLB DFS  (1)
MLB Dynasty  (4)
MLB Redraft  (12)
MMA  (0)
NBA DFS  (11)
NBA Redraft  (49)
NCAAB  (0)
NCAAF Best Ball  (0)
NCAAF C2C  (0)
NCAAF DFS  (0)
NCAAF Dynasty  (0)
NCAAF Redraft  (0)
NCCAB  (0)
NFL DFS  (135)
NFL Dynasty  (202)
NFL Redraft  (294)
NHL DFS  (25)
NHL Redraft  (54)
Racing  (0)
Soccer DFS  (6)
Soccer Redraft  (7)
Tennis  (1)
Uncategorized  (5)
WNBA  (0)
Total Apex, Total Coverage!
Total Apex Gaming
Total Apex Entertainment
Total Apex Sports Bets
Total Apex Sports
Total Apex Herald
Recent Posts
Dallas Cowboys vs. Carolina Panthers Start Em, Sit Em’ Week 15 DFS
Miami Dolphins vs. Houston Texans Start Em’ Sit Em’ Week 15 DFS
Tampa Bay Buccaneers vs. Los Angeles Chargers DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em| Week 15
New York Giants vs. Baltimore Ravens DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em 12/15/2024
Buffalo Bills vs. Detroit Lions DFS Start ‘Em Sit ‘Em Week 15
Total Apex Gaming
Sports
Entertainment
Fantasy Sports
Sports Bets
 is the only destination you'll need for all of your daily content.
Contact Us

Name
(Required)
First
Last
Email
(Required)
Enter Email
Confirm Email
What's on your mind?
(Required)
Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.
CAPTCHA
Join the Total Apex Team!

Thank you for your interest in joining our team as a content writer! We are excited to find talented and passionate individuals who can contribute high-quality content to our company covering a variety of themes, including news, sports, entertainment, gaming, fantasy sports, and sports bets.

As a writer for our company, you will have the opportunity to share your expertise and insights with a broad audience, engage with readers, and contribute to our vibrant community. We value creativity, attention to detail, and a deep understanding of the subjects you write about.

To help us get to know you better, please complete the following application. We look forward to learning more about your background, skills, and interests, and how you can contribute to our team. Thank you for taking the time to apply!

Click to Apply
© 2024 Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Menu
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://totalapexfantasysports.com/lauri-markkanen-fantasy-outlook/ 
 ----- 
