TRAFFIC ALERT: How Sunday's rehearsal for 2025 Presidential Inauguration Parade will impact DC traffic

Close alert.
Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Sports » Contreras, Baker boost Cardinals…
This article is about 2 years old
Contreras, Baker boost Cardinals to 9-4 win, Reds drop 1 1/2 games back in wild card race

The Associated Press

September 8, 2023, 11:23 PM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print

CINCINNATI (AP) — Willson Contreras hit a three-run, first-inning homer, Luken Baker added a three-run double and the St. Louis Cardinals beat Cincinnati 9-4 on Friday night, dropping the Reds 1 1/2 games back for the NL’s final wild card berth.

Nolan Arenado had three hits and snapped a career-long 11-game streak without an RBI. The Cardinals have won four of five and scored five or more runs for the sixth straight game.

Cincinnati led the NL Central at 59-49 at the start of August but is 14-21 since. The Reds (73-70) trail Arizona (74-68) and Miami (73-68) for the last wild card.

Hunter Renfroe hit a two-run homer and Nick Senzel had a solo drive in the third inning for the Reds. who stranded 12 runners and went 0 for 7 with runners in scoring position.

Cincinnati twice left the bases loaded, when Harrison Bader hit into an inning-ending forceout in the second against Drew Rom and when Matt Liberatore (3-5), the fourth of six Cardinals relievers, struck out Tyler Stephenson in the sixth.

“I didn’t feel any more adrenaline than I have any other time,” the left-hander said. “I thought he’d be aggressive, but he wasn’t. I figured he was looking fastball middle, middle-in, and try to beat me, but I wasn’t giving in.”

Liberatore fanned Stephenson with a four-seam fastball.

“That was a big moment,” Cardinals manager Oliver Marmol said. “It’s a credit to him for not letting the game speed up on him.”

St. Louis’ bullpen pitched five scoreless innings.

“Liberatore made the pitch of the game right there,” Reds manager David Bell said. “You get into a position like that when you’re down and have an opportunity to come back and break through and maybe even take a lead. Tyler has been swinging the bat well. He’s had a lot of success a pinch-hitter. We got him up there, they made a pitch and got out of it.”

The Reds opened a stretch in which they play 17 of their last 20 games against teams with losing records.

Andrew Abbott (8-5) tied his career high by allowing six runs. He pitched four innings, giving up four hits and three walks.

Contreras hit a 440-foot homer into the second deck in left.

“It looked like 760 feet from where we were,” Marmol said, “That ball went a long way. It gave us momentum.”

Baker, who entered with one RBI in 18 games of his rookie season, boosted the lead to 6-0 in the third.

“He hasn’t gotten a lot of steady opportunities, but he’s done a nice job with the opportunities he’s had,” Marmol said. “He hits the ball hard.”

Rom, a 23-year-old left-hander who went to Highlands High in Fort Thomas, Kentucky, gave up four runs and seven hits in 3 2/3 innings.

The Reds’ Noelvi Marte scored on a double steal in the fourth.

JORDAN RULES

Right fielder Jordan Walker made a diving stop in the gap of Harrison Bader’s line drive single and quickly got the ball back to the infield, throwing out Bader when he overslid the bag while also holding Noelvi Marte at third.

RUNNING WILD

Marte and Spencer Steer’s double steal increased Cincinnati’s major league-leading total to 165, the most by the Reds since 190 in 1997.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Reds: INF Joey Votto (left shoulder strain) and INF Jonathan India (left foot plantar fasciitis) each hit two-run doubles for Triple-A Louisville on rehab assignments. Votto was 1 for 4 and India 1 for 2 with a pair of walks. Bell expects them to be back in Cincinnati’s lineup on Sunday.

UP NEXT

Cardinal LHP Zack Thompson (4-5, 3.91, 53 strikeouts) is scheduled to start Saturday against RHP Carson Spiers (0-0, 6.75, seven strikeouts), who will be making his second career appearance and start.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB and https://twitter.com/AP_Sports

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Australian Open Results
Australian Open: Olympic champ Zheng Qinwen starts her bid for another final on a rainy Day 1
Hady Habib becomes the first man representing Lebanon to win a Grand Slam singles match
Recommended
Montgomery County firefighter dies following Laurel house fire
Rehearsal for 2025 Presidential Inauguration Parade happens Sunday. Here's what drivers need to know
DC-based World Central Kitchen volunteers provide aid to LA wildfire victims
Related Categories:
	Sports
Around the Web
This Household Trick Removes All Parasites in Your Body Overnight!
Xitox
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
A Bra for Women That is Popular All over the World
Dotmalls
Diabetologist Stunned: This Lowers Blood Sugar Like Crazy! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
IRS 'prepared' for 2025 filing season, but potential spending cuts loom for the agency
For 2025, the return of IT efficiency and effectiveness
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Federal retirements, OPM's backlog dropped in 2024
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/sports/2023/09/contreras-baker-boost-cardinals-to-9-4-win-reds-drop-1-1-2-games-back-in-wild-card-race/ 
 ----- 
