Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Bermuda coach Findlay blames ‘lack of ruthlessness’ for defeat to Dominican Republic
Mehluli Sibanda
Created: Sep 07, 2024 02:15 PM (Updated: Sep 07, 2024 09:19 PM)
6 Comments
85
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Heartbreak: Bermuda twice could not preserve the lead to lose to Dominican Republic (Photograph supplied by the Bermuda Football Association)

Bermuda 2 Dominican Republic 3

Bermuda coach Michael Findlay was left disappointed after his side twice let the lead slip through their fingers as they lost a five-goal thriller against ten-man Dominican Republic in the Concacaf Nations League in Antigua & Barbuda on Saturday.

The result was a bitter blow as Dominican Republic played most of the match with one player short after striker Edarlyn Reyes was sent off for a tackle on debutant Blaiz Hall in the eleventh minute.

“It was extremely disappointing given that we put ourselves in a position to gain maximum points,’’ Findlay told The Royal Gazette.

“Unfortunately, we were not the ones who were efficient enough and ruthless enough when we needed to be. On our errors, we created opportunities for them to execute and they did.”

Kane Crichlow, left, opened the scoring for Bermuda (Photograph supplied by the Bermuda Football Association)

Kane Crichlow opened the scoring for Bermuda in the seventeenth minute, but his goal was cancelled out by Dorny Romero’s equaliser ten minutes before the break.

Reggie Lambe, on his return to the side after missing the 6-1 loss to Honduras in June, put Bermuda ahead in the 51st minute, but Heinz Mörschel brought the scores level after 62 minutes of play.

Just when the game looked likely to finish in a draw, substitute Ronaldo Vásquez secured all the three points for Dominican Republic with six minutes to go.

“Football is cruel and it’s a game of fine margins,” Findlay said. “We demonstrated resilience and some positive play, some actions that should have created something, but it didn’t.

“We missed an opportunity. The players and the staff know that and we have to work internally to ensure that we correct that.”

Findlay also gave an insight into the difficulties playing against a side one man short for the bulk of the match.

“Playing against ten men is very interesting,’’ he said. “There’s a mentality that you have the extra person, so there’s always going to somebody else doing the work for you.

“It does have its positives and negatives, and it motivates the other team. They tactically changed and they put themselves into a low block. When they caught us, they did so in transition, and that’s a problem that we have to solve.

Reggie Lambe scored Bermuda's second goal (Photograph supplied by the Bermuda Football Association)

“We created a very nice pattern of play out on the left side, with Luke and Blaiz, and ultimately with Kane, I think it was a good goal. At that moment, we should have continued to press forward.

“In the second half, we went up again and we should have completed the task. On two different occasions, Kole Hall hit the bar. We also had one low down, where probably Blaiz, if he had it back, the game would have been over.”

Findlay was also keen to point out the level of ability within the opposition squad.

“Even with ten men, you could see the qualities that Dominican Republic have. They’re technically very gifted and they’re physically conditioned well.

“The majority of their players play in professional leagues. They were very difficult opponents, but we again showed that we can be competitive for periods of time.

“We need to find more consistency in that. We have to become more ruthless and most importantly we need to execute in the final act.”

With players such as Zeiko Lewis, Remy Coddington and Djair Parfitt-Williams absent, Findlay gave Blaiz Hall his senior debut and the St George’s livewire made a mark in the 66 minutes he spent on the field.

“We made a couple of changes and it was great to give Blaiz Hall his debut at senior level,’’ the coach said.

“He had an impressive first half but at the end of the day you can see that he hasn't played a lot of international football. Those are the lessons that he will learn too, but it was nice to get him into the game.

“Kosi [Basden] came in at right back and, unfortunately for him, he committed one of the mistakes, but it’s good to be able to expand the squad.

“It’s good to come back from the game against Honduras and put in a strong performance but as I have always said, these performances have to end up having results, and that’s what we need to strive for.”

SCORERS

Bermuda: Crichlow 17, Lambe 51

Dominican Republic: Romero 35, Mörschel 62, Vásquez 84

TEAMS

Bermuda (4-3-2-1): D Eve – C Basden (sub: W Clemons, 78min), D Leverock, H TwiTe, L Robinson – N Tucker, K Martin (sub: Lee, 71) – K Crichlow, R Lambe (sub: E Russell, 78), B Hall (sub: J Bean, 66) – K Hall. Substitutes not used: D Bell, M Perott, D Usher, Z Burgess, J Butterfield-Steede, A Todd, K Scott, T Showers. Booked: Basden, Martin

Dominican Republic (4-3-3): X Valdez – J Baez (sub: R Vásquez, 21), Ademán (sub: C Ventura, 63), C Schoissengeyr, M Sambataro (sub: C García, 21) – R Mata (sub: J Pineda, 86), H Mörschel, Jean López – D Romero (sub: L Bretón, 86), J Firpo, E Reyes. Substitutes not used: M Lloyd, P Ramírez, M Agramonte, G de Peña, I Báez, Á de Oca, C Ortiz. Sent off: Reyes

Referee: S Bass (St Kitts & Nevis).

RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL
Related Stories
Dandy Town fight back to claim Friendship Trophy final spot
Time to invest in Alexander Isak
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
Ruthless Boulevard hit seven past Eagles to reach Shield final
85
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published September 07, 2024 at 2:15 pm (Updated September 07, 2024 at 9:19 pm)
Bermuda coach Findlay blames ‘lack of ruthlessness’ for defeat to Dominican Republic
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/27/2024
Nicholas Pedro: the back story
12/27/2024
Christmas gift a dream come true for Ravi Cannonier-Watson
12/27/2024
Man in court for haul of stolen garments
12/27/2024
Yo, ho, ho: Claire introduces new rum cake line
12/27/2024
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
12/26/2024
Abuse and theft charges dropped
12/25/2024
Festive spirit takes over Elbow Beach for Christmas
12/24/2024
BHB sued for firing worker after fight

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
PUBLISHED: 2 Dec 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20240907/bermuda-lose-five-goal-thriller-to-ten-man-dominican-republic/ 
 ----- 
