Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
We are not intimidated: coach Findlay backs Bermuda in Nations League
Mehluli Sibanda
Created: Sep 07, 2024 08:00 AM (Updated: Sep 07, 2024 02:15 PM)
0 Comments
29
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Gearing up for Dominican challenge: Bermuda players captured hard at training ahead of their Concacaf Nations League match against Dominican Republic (Photograph supplied by the Bermuda Football Association)

Bermuda coach Michael Findlay has urged his players to be brave as the island’s football team take on Dominican Republic in their opening Concacaf Nations League match in Antigua on Saturday (12pm).

Since arriving in Antigua & Barbuda on Sunday, Findlay and his technical team have been working on culture of playing without fear as they prepare to take on the highest-ranked side in the group.

“In the players we've been instilling a no-fear type of attitude,’’ Findlay said.

“If we’re going to improve in this region and we’re going to start to see success, we have to play these teams.

“We have to go with a mindset that we’re going to be competitive and we’re going to establish a very high standard of performance. Hopefully, that gets us a win, but that’s never a guarantee.

“If you look at a side like Dominican Republic, they've had some great success. Their under-23 team qualified for the Paris Olympics and they have new players who are playing in European leagues.

Michael Findlay casts his eye over a training session in Antigua

“We had a very good look at Dominican Republic and what we feel their best parts of their game are. Hopefully, we can find something in their game that we can take advantage of.

“I know the players are excited, myself and the staff are always excited about pitting ourselves against teams that are considered better than us. That gives us an indication of where we are and what we have to work on.”

Having put in hours of work on the analysis of his opponents, Findlay shared what he feels are the key components for his side to walk away with a positive result.

“It’s going to take a very strong performance to put us in a position to gain points from this match,’’ he said.

“It’s going to take an incredible commitment to fight for what we feel we deserve. We need a smart approach from a tactical point of view, and we have to be patient.

“We have to be compact as Dominican Republic are a technical team and they like to control the tempo of the game. They have strong players in key positions, which we must be aware of, and hopefully we've prepared well enough to see some benefits from that.

“The environment here is very challenging and the heat is quite high, so we’ve been careful with how we were preparing the players.”

The last time Bermuda took to the field in June they played brilliantly in the first half before tiring in the second half during their 6-1 defear at home to Honduras, ranked seventh in the Concacaf region, but Findlay insists lessons have been learnt.

“It’s never enjoyable to lose, I don’t care what the score is,’’ the coach said.

“As a group we had an opportunity to review that performance. We found some very positive things from that game, but we also saw some gaps and mistakes that we were responsible for and that created opportunities for Honduras.

“We also got an idea of what it actually takes to compete against a team like Honduras, physically, emotionally and technically, all of those pillars are important.

“Up until half time in that match, I think we were very competitive. We had gaps and deficiencies in our game, but we also saw a few good things too.”

Findlay is still experimenting with his squad and Willie Clemons, Enrique Russell, Kosi Basden and Daren Usher have all been drafted in this time around, while T'syi Showers, Blaiz Hall and Milai Perott have an opportunity to make their debuts for the senior team.

“We’re still in the process of identifying and evaluating as many players as we can,’’ Findlay said.

“When we began the project a year ago, we were fully aware that one of the main objectives was to create a much more expanded squad. This is to ensure that we cycle through these competitions and have access to players who are capable of performing when called upon.

“We have players like Djair Parfitt-Williams, Zeiko Lewis and Remy Coddington with club issues that they have to deal with personally, which eliminated them.

“Andre Kempe, Sachiel Ming, Daion Swan-DeSilva and Caleb McDowall are in university programmes and don’t get released because they have school commitments and scholarship responsibilities.

“Reece Jones Jr is on his road to recovery from injury. He’s been carrying a specific injury for the last two camps and this has not provided an opportunity for him to participate. Our decision was to give him more time to recover, so that he puts himself in a better position when we look at the October squad.

“All of this is a reality when you are a member association the size of Bermuda. The way we’re trying to address is by stretching the squad.

“We’re really excited about having these new player and getting an opportunity to see players that played for Bermuda in the past but due to injuries they were unavailable in Willie and Kosi.

“We also have a player in Enrique, who was unavailable due to work commitments when he was asked to come in, but is now available.

“We also have players such as Blaiz Hall and Daren Usher, who have performed well domestically. We feel positionally they can provide us with something we haven't seen before.”

RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL
Related Stories
Dandy Town fight back to claim Friendship Trophy final spot
Time to invest in Alexander Isak
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
Ruthless Boulevard hit seven past Eagles to reach Shield final
29
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published September 07, 2024 at 8:00 am (Updated September 07, 2024 at 2:15 pm)
We are not intimidated: coach Findlay backs Bermuda in Nations League
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/27/2024
Nicholas Pedro: the back story
12/27/2024
Christmas gift a dream come true for Ravi Cannonier-Watson
12/27/2024
Man in court for haul of stolen garments
12/27/2024
Yo, ho, ho: Claire introduces new rum cake line
12/27/2024
Quinaceo Hunt’s heroics send PHC into Friendship Trophy final
12/26/2024
Abuse and theft charges dropped
12/25/2024
Festive spirit takes over Elbow Beach for Christmas
12/24/2024
BHB sued for firing worker after fight

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
PUBLISHED: 2 Dec 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20240907/we-are-not-intimidated-coach-findlay-backs-bermuda-in-nations-league/ 
 ----- 
