Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Chicago baseball report: Cubs honor Mark Grace and Shawon Dunston — and the latest on White Sox prospect Colson Montgomery
JAMES A. FINLEY / AP
1 of 96

Cardinals' Mark McGwire is hugged by Sammy Sosa after McGwire hit his 62nd home run of the season, setting a new major-league record, on Sept. 8, 1998.

By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune and MEGHAN MONTEMURRO | mmontemurro@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 11, 2023 at 8:16 PM CDT

The Chicago Cubs avoided a disastrous weekend, defeating the Arizona Diamondbacks 5-2 on Sunday to prevent a four-game sweep and stay in the second wild-card position.

The writing had been on the wall for a while for the White Sox, but they were officially eliminated from playoff contention with Sunday’s 3-2 loss to the Detroit Tigers.

Every Monday throughout the season, Tribune baseball writers will provide an update on what happened — and what’s ahead — for the Cubs and Sox.

Memorable day for Grace and Dunston

Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace, as they so often did during nine seasons as teammates, walked through the Cubs dugout Sunday afternoon, stopping before they reached the steps.

They were fittingly honored before the series finale, earning blue blazers with their enshrinement in the Cubs Hall of Fame. Dunston, 60, spent 12 seasons (1985-95, ’97) on the Cubs, while Grace, 59, was a staple at first base for 13 years (1988-2000).

Dunston said he likes to tell people, “I live good and my house is paid off because of Grace.”

Before Sunday, Grace thought the distinction of having the most hits in the major leagues in the 1990s was “probably the biggest feather in my cap.”

“Today that’s no longer the case,” Grace said. “Today is the best thing that’s ever happened to me in my professional career. To say it’s an honor doesn’t do it justice.”

Former Cubs players Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace are presented as the newest members of the Cubs Hall of Fame during a game against the Diamondbacks on Sept. 10, 2023, at Wrigley Field.

Cubs Chairman Tom Ricketts, president of business operations Crane Kenney and Chicago Mayor Brandon Johnson congratulated Dunston and Grace as they joined other members of the team’s Hall of Fame on the field: Ryne Sandberg, Lee Smith, Fergie Jenkins, Andre Dawson, Billy Williams, Randy Hundley and Pat Hughes.

Dunston and Grace recalled the shortstop’s first throw that Grace picked, though their perspective on the play differs. Grace thinks Dunston threw it in the dirt, testing his glove, but Dunston pointed out the 14 errors he committed the year before Grace’s call-up.

“When he did catch it, I said, ‘I think we have something,'” Dunston said, smiling.

Colson Montgomery’s progress continues

White Sox shortstop prospect Colson Montgomery takes grounders during spring training at Camelback Ranch in Glendale, Ariz., on March 17, 2022.

Colson Montgomery doubled in his final at-bat Saturday against Biloxi. The White Sox’s first-round pick in 2021 went 1-for-3 with a walk for Double-A Birmingham in a 4-3 loss.

Sox general manager Chris Getz likes the progress Montgomery continues to make in his third professional season. The 21-year-old shortstop is the top prospect in the organization according to MLB.com.

“Colson has been very good,” Getz said Saturday in Detroit. “He’s controlled the zone. He’s very selective offensively. Defensively, he’s becoming more consistent. He showed off his range. He’s got a solid arm. Overall, it’s been a really good year for Colson.

“He’s going to go to the Arizona Fall League and he can look back and he’ll be proud of the body of work he was able to accomplish considering he got a late start.”

Montgomery was slowed by a midback strain at the start of the season. He’s slashing .282/.462/.482 with 12 doubles, seven homers and 33 RBIs in 57 games between the Arizona Complex League (10 games), Class A Winston-Salem (17) and Birmingham (30). He’s slashing .223/.398/.408 with the Barons.

Getz wants players throughout the organization, such as Montgomery, to come into camp next spring thinking big.

“Beyond just Colson, coming into spring training next year the message is going to be the expectation here is to make this ballclub,” Getz said. “That goes beyond whether you are on our major-league roster right now or minor-league guys in spring training.

“That’s the competitiveness we need here with the White Sox. I certainly want to ingrain that mindset in all our players.”

What we’re reading this morning

Cubs salvage series with a 5-2 win against Diamondbacks and they still control their postseason fate

3 takeaways from the White Sox-Tigers series, including elimination from playoff contention

As Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace enter the Cubs Hall of Fame on Sunday, will Sammy Sosa be next?

Ladies Day was once a regular promotion at Chicago’s ballparks

What improvements do the White Sox need on offense, defense and pitching? GM Chris Getz weighs in.

Michael Kopech is headed back to the White Sox bullpen — but he’ll return to the rotation in 2024: ‘He’s a starter’

Week ahead: Cubs

Cubs starter Jordan Wicks pitches against the Giants on Sept. 6, 2023, at Wrigley Field.

The Cubs have nearly made it through a stretch of 27 games in 27 days that included only one day off Sept. 1 followed by a doubleheader in Cincinnati. The tough stretch ends with a three-game series at Coors Field before a day off Thursday, one of three the Cubs get before the regular season ends Oct. 1.

Sunday’s series finale against the Diamondbacks capped 14 consecutive games against postseason contenders. The Cubs have a chance in the next two weeks to beat up on the Colorado Rockies (six games) and Pittsburgh Pirates (three games) leading into the final week.

First they need to take care of business in Denver. Jordan Wicks, Javier Assad and Jameson Taillon are lined up to start against the Rockies.

An important tiebreaker will be on the line when the Cubs travel to Arizona for the final three games of the trip. The Cubs must sweep the series to hold the tiebreaker over the Diamondbacks. Major League Baseball no longer plays a Game 163 if teams are tied for a playoff spot. Instead, a head-to-head tiebreaker would determine the outcome.

Monday: at Rockies, 7:40 p.m., Marquee

Tuesday: at Rockies, 7:40 p.m., Marquee

Wednesday: at Rockies, 2:10 p.m., Marquee

Thursday: off

Friday: at Diamondbacks, 8:40 p.m., Marquee

Saturday: at Diamondbacks, 7:10 p.m., Marquee

Sunday: at Diamondbacks, 6:10 p.m., ESPN

Week ahead: White Sox

White Sox manager Pedro Grifol walks through the dugout during the first inning Sept. 9, 2023, in Detroit.

The Sox conclude a run of 16 straight against the American League Central with matchups against the Kansas City Royals and Minnesota Twins.

The Sox are 2-7 during this stretch, which included losing two of three against the Royals at Kauffman Stadium last week.

The series against the Twins will be the final division games this season. The Sox are 21-24 against the AL Central.

Expected to contend for a division title at the start of the season, the Sox find themselves in fourth place and fielding questions on whether it’s important to avoid 100 losses.

“I don’t know the answer to that.” Sox manager Pedro Grifol said Saturday. “Ninety-nine, 100, is that a big difference? I don’t know. I just want to win as many games as possible. I’m not focusing so much on the losses, I’m focusing on the wins.

“It’s like .299 and .300. It’s a big deal for hitters but it’s .299. I’ve seen guys come out of the game when they get a hit for .300 and I’m like, .299 is really good too.”

Monday: vs. Royals, 6:40 p.m., NBCSCH

Tuesday: vs. Royals, 6:40 p.m., NBCSCH

Wednesday: vs. Royals, 6:40 p.m., NBCSCH

Thursday: vs. Twins, 6:40 p.m., NBCSCH

Friday: vs. Twins, 6:40 p.m., NBCSCH

Saturday: vs. Twins, 6:10 p.m., NBCSCH

Sunday: vs. Twins, 1:10 p.m., NBCSCH

This week in Chicago baseball

Sept. 11, 2008: Albert Pujols drives in his 100th run in the Cardinals’ 3-2 loss to the Cubs, becoming only the third major-league player to reach the milestone in his first eight seasons.

The Cardinals’ Albert Pujols watches his three-run home run in the sixth inning against the Cubs on Sept. 9, 2008.

The sixth-inning double ended a scoreless game for starter Rich Harden, who thew 55 of his 86 pitches for strikes and had only one walk to go with his three strikeouts.

Pujols extended his major-league-record streak of reaching 30 homers and 100 RBIs in his first eight seasons, two more than any player in history.

Sept. 13, 1998: Sammy Sosa hits home runs No. 61 and 62, passing Roger Maris’ record.

Cardinals’ Mark McGwire is hugged by Sammy Sosa after McGwire hit his 62nd home run of the season, setting a new major-league record, on Sept. 8, 1998.

The largest crowd of the season at Wrigley Field joyously celebrated Sosa and an improbable 11-10 victory against the Brewers. But outside reaction to Sosa matching Mark McGwire was considerably more subdued.

Sosa grasped the magnitude of what he had done: “Unbelievable. It was something that I can’t even believe I was doing.”

Sosa took hold of an Eric Plunk fastball in the ninth inning and sent it screaming onto Waveland Avenue for No. 62, knotting the greatest home run chase the game had seen.

“I said to McGwire, ‘Wait for me,’ ” Sosa said. “He listened to me. Now we’re together. We’ll see where we go.”

Only five days earlier, Sosa was hugging McGwire on the field at Busch Stadium in St. Louis after Big Mac broke Maris’ record which had stood for 37 years. But in less than a week’s time, Sosa hit four home runs to catch McGwire and send the race into overdrive with only two weeks left in the season.

When McGwire broke Maris’ record Tuesday night in St. Louis, the game was stopped for 15 minutes as he hugged teammates and addressed Cardinals fans. When Sosa hit his 62nd on Sunday, the only reason he was able to take three curtain calls was because the game was briefly halted after celebrating fans littered the outfield with trash.

The Busch Stadium scoreboard displays the number of home runs by Cardinals slugger Mark McGwire after his record-setting 62nd single-season home run on Sept. 8, 1998.

No one from Major League Baseball or the Maris family was on hand for Sosa’s moment, and Fox didn’t rearrange its TV schedule to capture it. McGwire drove around the field in a 1962 red Corvette — a present from the St. Louis organization — on his historic night. After his big day, Sosa simply packed his bags and got ready for the team flight for Monday night’s game in San Diego.

“Isn’t it amazing?” Cubs first basebam Mark Grace said. “Who would have thought two people would do it in the same year? It’s unfortunate that the Maris family wasn’t here to be involved. McGwire got so much more because he was the first to do it. And well-deserved. But I hate that it’s ‘Oh, yeah, by the way, Sammy hit 62 today.’ Maybe Sammy will get a blue Corvette.”

Sosa thanked everyone from former White Sox and Cubs general manager Larry Himes to Tribune Co. executive vice president Jim Dowdle but saved his most emotional thank you for his adopted hometown.

“Chicago, I love you,” he said.

Sept. 15, 1902: Cubs infielders Joe Tinker, Johnny Evers and Frank Chance, later immortalized in verse, turn their first double play together.

Sept. 17, 1953: Ernie Banks makes his debut with the Cubs.

He starts at shortstop and bats seventh, becoming the first Black player in team history. He went hitless in three at-bats.

His final hit of his career came on Sept. 26, 1971 — an RBI single in the first inning off the Phillies’ Ken Reynolds for the Cubs’ only run that day.

Sept. 17, 1983: White Sox clinch the AL West

White Sox’s LaMarr Hoyt uses some free time in the locker room to catch up on the news before taking the mound on Aug. 29, 1983.

The White Sox won “ugly” and often, breezing into the playoffs with 99 wins — a figure exceeded in club history only by the 1917 team, which won 100 games.

“I remember the day after we clinched the division championship that year we had another full house and everybody was introduced on the field — the players, coaches, Eddie Einhorn and me,” said Jerry Reinsdorf in 2000, who, with then co-owner Einhorn, was in only his third season in baseball.

“Jerry Koosman (a 40-year-old pitcher at the time) was standing next to me and he turned and said, `Enjoy the moment because they’re few and far between.’ Little did I know then how right he was.”

The White Sox won the American League West by an unheard-of, record-setting 20 games that summer and captured important honors such as Manager of the Year (Tony La Russa), Rookie of the Year (Ron Kittle) and Cy Young Award (LaMarr Hoyt). Future Hall of Fame catcher Carlton Fisk finished third in Most Valuable Player balloting.

White Sox manager Tony La Russa on Sept. 23, 1983.

“Absolutely, that summer was as much fun as I’ve had in baseball,” Reinsdorf said.

It made the first-round playoff loss to the Baltimore Orioles that much more excruciating. The Sox’s bats suddenly turned cold, baserunning gaffes prevailed, Greg Luzinski and Kittle were injured by pitches and the team dropped three straight after winning the opener in the best-of-five series.

The Orioles went on to beat the Philadelphia Phillies in the World Series.

“That’s baseball,” La Russa said. “I’ve been on teams that didn’t win in the playoffs because we didn’t play to our capabilities. In this case, Baltimore was a very good team and history proved that.”

Originally Published: September 11, 2023 at 7:00 AM CDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Here's How Much You Should Pay for Affordable Gutter Guards
LeafFilter Partner
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
A 60-year-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All over
Dotmalls
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Best Winter Hat I've Ever Owned
Fanyil
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Vertigo & Dizziness? Do This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
15 Breakfast Foods You Shouldn't Be Eating
HEALTH NATURAL
Doctor: if You Have Joint, Knee or Back Pain - Try This
Health News | Joint Pain
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
Surgeon: Do This & Your Hair Will Grow Like Never Before
WG Hair Restore
Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Prostate
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Ron Rivera, the former Chicago Bears linebacker and defensive coordinator, will interview for head coaching job
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
José ‘Cha-Cha’ Jiménez, founder of political group formed from Lincoln Park Puerto Rican gang, dies at 76
Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Hebron getting grocery store after seven years without one: ‘We don’t want to be a food desert anymore’
Eric Muller: Federal workers may soon face moral dilemmas. Here’s what they can learn from history.
Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Letters: CTA leaders should experience the transit system like riders do every day
Judges back Chicago Police Board in two disciplinary cases
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
11
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/11/chicago-baseball-report-cubs-honor-mark-grace-and-shawon-dunston-and-the-latest-on-white-sox-prospect-colson-montgomery/ 
 ----- 
