Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
As Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace enter the Chicago Cubs Hall of Fame, will Sammy Sosa be next?
John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune
1 of 35

Former Cubs first baseman Mark Grace is recognized and applauded during the fourth inning of a game against the Diamondbacks on Saturday at Wrigley Field.

By PAUL SULLIVAN | psullivan@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 11, 2023 at 1:57 PM CDT

Shawon Dunston and Mark Grace entered the Chicago Cubs Hall of Fame on Sunday during a pregame ceremony at Wrigley Field, joining former teammates Ryne Sandberg and Andre Dawson, among others.

Dunston was honored Friday at Wrigley with a video tribute, while Grace had his tribute during Saturday’s game.

Former Cubs shortstop Shawon Dunston watches the fourth inning of a game against the Diamondbacks on Saturday at Wrigley Field.

Dunston said he was humbled by the honor, though he didn’t consider himself in the same group as Sandberg, Dawson, Grace, Fergie Jenkins and others. Dunston spent 12 years on the North Side and became a fan favorite for the way he played the game.

“I put it out there every day and tried my hardest,” Dunston said. “I wasn’t always the best, but I always put the team first, before myself, just like I put my family before myself. I think they appreciate the way I played.”

The next big question is whether Sammy Sosa will make the Class of 2024, which will be voted upon after this season. The inductees will be announced at the Cubs Convention in January.

Sosa has not returned to Wrigley Field since leaving the Cubs clubhouse during the final game of the 2004 season and has been persona non grata since the Ricketts family bought the team from Tribune Co. in 2010.

Overtures from the team to bring Sosa back have failed over the years, mostly due to the Cubs’ insistence that Sosa apologize for his alleged use of performance-enhancing drugs.

“Players of that era owe us a little bit of honesty too,” Cubs Chairman Tom Ricketts said at the 2018 convention. “I feel like the only way to turn this page is just to put everything on the table. That’s the way I feel.”

Sammy Sosa gets carried off the field after tying Mark McGwire with his 61st and 62nd home runs on Sept. 13, 1998, at Wrigley Field.

Sosa denied ever using PEDs, though widespread allegations have kept him from getting elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame, just as Roger Clemens and Barry Bonds have been denied.

Sosa should be on the upcoming ballot for the Cubs Hall of Fame, though his nomination could be delayed until after the 2024 season, depending on what ballot the Cubs marketing department presents to Hall voters. Eligibility of players for the Class of 2023 was limited to those whose careers ended before the end of 2000.

The 13-member voting committee consists of eight media members and five former players in the Cubs Hall of Fame. Sosa would need 10 votes to get inducted.

Sosa’s numbers are not in question. His reputation would be the only thing keeping him out.

“That’s a tough one,” said former Cub Steve Trachsel, who returned to Wrigley to celebrate the inductions of Grace and Dunston. “A lot of the really big stuff I heard about happened after I left. But if (Sosa and the Rickettses) can have their Kumbaya moment, why not?”

Former Cubs first baseman Mark Grace is recognized and applauded during the fourth inning of a game against the Diamondbacks on Saturday at Wrigley Field.

The San Francisco Giants welcomed Bonds into their family in spite of his PED past.

“Well, San Francisco supposedly is a little more tolerant than other cities are supposed to be,” Trachsel said. “But maybe time helps everything.”

The Cleveland Guardians recently inducted noted PED user Manny Ramirez into their Hall of Fame, and Mark McGwire is in the St. Louis Cardinals Hall of Fame. Admitted steroid user Alex Rodriguez has been a fixture in national broadcast booths with the backing of Major League Baseball.

David Ortiz was inducted in the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2022 in his first year of eligibility despite a 2009 New York Times report citing Ortiz as one of more than 100 players who registered a positive test during spring training in 2003.

Former Cubs pitcher Carlos Zambrano, Sosa’s teammate in the early 2000s, still keeps in touch with the retired outfielder, who lives in Miami.

“He should come back, and I know the fans would appreciate that,” Zambrano said. “Do whatever it takes to get back. Hey, we all make mistakes. I made mistakes. It’d be good for Sammy to come and say ‘I apologize’ for whatever he did.

“Sammy should be here and he deserves to be in the Hall of Fame, but it’s up to him. I’d like to be the one to bring him back.”

Debate over Sosa’s separation from the Cubs has been an annual part of the Cubs Convention, and Chairman Tom Ricketts has been asked about it for years. The Cubs reportedly closed the door on a reunion in 2017 after Sosa compared himself to being persecuted like Jesus Christ in a 2017 interview.

Whether Sosa would return is anyone’s guess. In 2013, Sosa said the Cubs should retire his No. 21.

“That is something I want to happen,” he said. “I’m surprised it didn’t happen before, but time will determine everything. When that happens, I would be more comfortable and (happier). I will be there with all my family. This is a good number that I carried for (13) years in Chicago and I represented that number, so that number should have been retired a long time ago.”

Several Cubs have worn No. 21 since, including Milton Bradley, Luis Valbuena, Joe Mather, Scott Hairston, Junior Lake and Tyler Chatwood.

Originally Published: September 10, 2023 at 7:00 AM CDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Diabetologist Stunned: This Lowers Blood Sugar Like Crazy! Try It!
Sugar Defender
A Bra for Women That is Popular All over the World
Dotmalls
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Which Company Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina?
OTTO Quotes
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Take A Look Inside Dolly Parton's Repulsive Home
Rank Upwards
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Spellbound!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Wrap Foil Around Your Doorknob When You Are Alone, Here's Why
Daily Living Tech
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Ron Rivera, the former Chicago Bears linebacker and defensive coordinator, will interview for head coaching job
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
José ‘Cha-Cha’ Jiménez, founder of political group formed from Lincoln Park Puerto Rican gang, dies at 76
Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Hebron getting grocery store after seven years without one: ‘We don’t want to be a food desert anymore’
Eric Muller: Federal workers may soon face moral dilemmas. Here’s what they can learn from history.
Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Letters: CTA leaders should experience the transit system like riders do every day
Judges back Chicago Police Board in two disciplinary cases
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
10
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/10/as-shawon-dunston-and-mark-grace-enter-the-chicago-cubs-hall-of-fame-will-sammy-sosa-be-next/ 
 ----- 
