Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ravens roll, Steelers future murky
Texans dominate Chargers
Does Deion want this NFL job?
Duke's Flagg sets ACC record
Auburn All-American injured
The Commercial Appeal
Grizzlies vs Warriors final score, highlights: Memphis loses road trip finale
Damichael Cole, Memphis Commercial Appeal
Sat, Jan 4, 2025·1 min read

SAN FRANCISCO — Each time the Memphis Grizzlies got close, the Golden State Warriors kept brushing them off.

Saturday's matchup was a battle of contrasting styles. Golden State did most of its work from beyond the 3-point line, while Memphis dominated in the paint.

In the end, it was simple math. Golden State made too many 3-poiinters for the Grizzlies to overcome in a 121-113 loss at Chase Center.

The Grizzlies (23-13) went 2-3 on their five-game road trip.

Jaren Jackson Jr. led the team with 23 points, and Desmond Bane had 22.

Andrew Wiggins led the Warriors (18-16) with 24 points. Golden State made 23 3-pointers and held Memphis to nine made 3's.

The Grizzlies will return to action at home on Monday night against the Dallas Mavericks.

Grizzlies vs Warriors live updates
Memphis Grizzlies vs Golden State Warriors

Date: Saturday, Jan. 4

Time: 7:30 p.m. CT

Location: Chase Center

What channel is Grizzlies vs Warriors game on today?

TV channel: FanDuel Sports Network

Streaming: Fubo.tv, FanDuel Sports Network app

Radio: 92.9 FM

HOMETOWN HERO: Family members, friends flock to Memphis Grizzlies' game vs Kings to see '916 hero' Jaylen Wells

Grizzlies vs Warriors betting odds

Game lines and odds from BetMGM:

Moneyline:  Grizzlies +120

Spread: Warriors -2.5

Over/under: 233.5

We occasionally recommend interesting products and services. If you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. USA TODAY Network newsrooms operate independently, and this doesn’t influence our coverage.

Damichael Cole is the Memphis Grizzlies beat writer for The Commercial Appeal. Contact Damichael at damichael.cole@commercialappeal.com. Follow Damichael on X, formerly known as Twitter, @DamichaelC.

This article originally appeared on Memphis Commercial Appeal: Memphis Grizzlies vs Golden State Warriors: Final score, highlights

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Derrick Henry helps bolster belief for Lamar Jackson that this year is going to be different in playoffs for Ravens

The Ravens' best brand of offense this season has been running it like a service academy. In Jackson's last playoff game, the Ravens couldn’t sustain drives vs. KC. This year feels different.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Another ridiculous Lamar Jackson TD pass leads to MVP chants in Baltimore

Jackson was up to his old tricks in the first half of Baltimore's playoff opener.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Same old Chargers? With a chance to stamp a new identity, Jim Harbaugh’s culture cracked

All that was left after this season of revival was to showcase it when it mattered most. Instead, they looked worryingly similar to the Chargers of old.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Steelers-Ravens: While Lamar Jackson, Baltimore leave little doubt in 28-14 win, there's plenty of doubts building vs. Pittsburgh's Mike Tomlin

Tomlin isn’t the problem with the Steelers. Saying he is requires a belief the Steelers should have won more than 10 games this season. But the frustration from Steelers fans is valid.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Paul George says he's 'bored' playing center amid Sixers' injury woes

Both Joel Embiid and Andre Drummond were out for the Sixers on Friday. So the team got a little weird.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Chargers kicker Cameron Dicker's enormous gaffe allows Texans to return blocked extra point

Dicker appeared to misunderstand the rules about blocked kicks.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Texans force Justin Herbert into nightmare day, dominate Chargers in wild-card win

Houston had a rough second half of the regular season, but will now be one of the last eight teams standing after ending Jim Harbaugh's first season in Los Angeles.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
C.J. Stroud just needed a fumbled shotgun snap to kickstart a 99-yard TD drive

A big mistake turned into a big play for the Texans.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame & Ohio State win all time classics to reach the National Championship | College Football Enquirer

Following a memorable and exciting Semifinal round, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde recount the Cotton Bowl and Orange Bowl.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Rockets-Hawks game on Saturday due to icy conditions in Atlanta

A winter storm brought snow and freezing rain to Atlanta on Friday.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans suspend Zion Williamson after he was reportedly late to team flight to Philadelphia

Williamson, who recently returned to the court after a 27-game absence, will miss Friday's contest against the 76ers.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ex-USC QB Miller Moss rips outlet for misrepresenting post-wildfire footage of strangers playing basketball at family's home

"Those are utter strangers."

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/grizzlies-vs-warriors-live-score-223035396.html 
 ----- 
