NBA
Main
News
Standings
Schedule
Statistics
Advanced Players Stats
Advanced Team Stats
Advanced Games Stats
			
Chris Paul writes history, joins elite company in the record books
2024 November 16 06:41

Future Hall of Fame point guard Chris Paul has accomplished a monumental feat in last night's game between the San Antonio Spurs and the Los Angeles Lakers. Paul became the third player in the NBA history with 12,000 career assists, only done before by John Stockton and Jason Kidd.

Credit AP – Scanpix

120-115 was the final score in Texas as the Los Angeles Lakers won against the San Antonio Spurs, but this game will be remembered for a rather historical feat that occurred in the first quarter.

Chris Paul
Team:	San Antonio Spurs

Position:	PG
Age:	39
Height:	183 cm
Weight:	79 kg
Birth place:	North Carolina, United States of America
PROFILE
NEWS
STATISTICS

Chris Paul became just the third player in the NBA history to accomplish 12,000 assists in his career, something done in the past only by John Stockton and Jason Kidd.

Paul got his historical assist thanks to a lob for Victor Wembanyama in the first quarter of the game.

List of Paul's most assisted teammates is huge, but Blake Griffin and David Lee are ahead of everyone with 1,157 and 1,120 buckets respectively.

JJ Redick, current Lakers coach scored 633 times through Paul's passes, DeAndre Jordan made 575 field goals, and Peja Stojakovic scored 429 times.

Paul, who was signed to help develop Wembanyama, is currently averaging 10.3 points, 3.8 rebounds, 8.6 assists, and 1.3 steals per game, shooting 46.3% from the field, 37.1% from three, and a perfect 100% from the free-throw line.

Like what we are doing? Support us by becoming BN+ member.
BasketNews.com
READ ALSO
Bogdan Bogdanovic sent to G League
Tarik Biberovic leaves game vs Zalgiris with an injury
NBA to have a new four-team All-Star Game format
Facundo Campazzo mid-game vs Efes: 'We didn't do sh*t'
ALBA's youngster Dorian Grosber achieves a first in EuroLeague history
Rui Hachimura indirectly criticizes Japan's head coach Hovasse
COMMENTS:
We want to hear from you. Be the first to comment!


     
Log in
Subscribe
   
Total comments: 0


We have the right to remove comments which are offensive, contains abusive language, or violates other rules of the website
Rui Hachimura indirectly criticizes Japan's head coach Hovasse
2024 November 15 18:37

Rui Hachimura reposted a series of messages on X, formerly Twitter, which criticized Tom Hovasse, Japan's head coach. The player even reposted a post that said Hovasse was a second-rate coach. 

Credit FIBA

Los Angeles Lakers forward Rui Hachimura hadn't been active on X, formerly Twitter, since late August. He broke the silence in mid-November but in an untraditional way.

The Japanese player represented the country's national team in the 2024 Paris Olympic Games this past summer, but his tenure at the team was coupled with an unusual exit.

Rumors started to spread about the supposed tensions on the roster between Hachimura and Japan's head coach, Tom Hovasse, BasketNews' Donatas Urbonas reported in August. Hovasse will continue to lead the national team, and the Lakers forward isn't particularly happy about it.

He let his opinion be heard with a number of X reposts.

First, he reposted a message from the author of the article 'Regarding the problems with Tom Horvath's teaching method' on note.com.

"Didn't Tom Horvath say he spoke to all the athletes at the Paris Olympics by phone before accepting the invitation to continue? And that they all responded positively? I bet he never talked to Hachimura," the first post said.

Then, he retweeted an article saying Hachimura opposed Hovasse's continuation to coach Japan and said that the country's federation is too obsessed with money.

The next two reposts were similar:

"I'm surprised that many people say they don't know what Hachimura doesn't like about Tom Horvath, but if you think about it normally, he gets too angry and micromanages, so I don't think it's strange that Rui Hachimura, who saw it, would judge it to be 'a typical female coach.' From Hachimura's point of view, he looks like a second-rate coach."

"Rather than it being because Hovasse made Japanese basketball stronger, I think the bigger factor is that the current members of the Japanese national team happen to be some really good players who are active in the same era."

It is clear Hachimura is against Hovasse leading the national team. It remains to be seen whether this will lead to any concrete actions from the player or the Japanese Basketball Federation.

BasketNews.com
COMMENTS:
We want to hear from you. Be the first to comment!


     
Log in
Subscribe
   
Total comments: 0


We have the right to remove comments which are offensive, contains abusive language, or violates other rules of the website
 
Would you like to receive notifications on latest basketball updates?
YES
NOT YET
SHOP
FANTASY
EL INJURY REPORT
EL STANDINGS
URBONUS
GIVE ME CONTROL
FIBA QUALIFIERS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://basketnews.com/news-214839-chris-paul-writes-history-joins-elite-company-in-the-record-books.html 
 ----- 
