Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
International
Scott Robertson Reveals Why The All Blacks Followed The Springboks Lead With An Early Team Announcement
Scott Robertson reveals why the All Blacks followed the Springboks lead with an early team announcement
Jared Wright
22 Oct 2024 9:49 AM
5

Scott Robertson has explained why he has named his team early this week.

All Blacks boss Scott Robertson has strayed from the norm by naming his team earlier in the week as New Zealand tackle Japan before embarking on their northern tour.

The head coach has explained the reasoning for the earlier team announcement as the All Blacks take a leaf out of the Springboks book with Rassie Erasmus usually naming his side on a Tuesday before a Test match.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>
All Blacks get the team out early

For the clash against the Brave Blossoms, Robertson has named potential debutants Peter Lakai and Ruben Love on the bench and has made wholesale changes to his starting XV.

Patrick Tuipulotu will skipper the side in the absence of usual captain Scott Barrett and he features in an imposing-looking tight five that includes Tamaiti Williams, Asafo Aumua, Pasilio Tosi and Sam Darry.

Sam Cane and Samipeni Finau are the starting flanks with Wallace Sititi getting his first start in his preferred position at the back of the scrum.

Came Roigard also marks his return earning his first cap of 2024 and is joined in the half-backs by Damian McKenzie while Anton Lienert-Brown and Billy Proctor are the starting centres. Wingers Mark Tele’a and Sevu Reece complete the team along with full-back Stephen Perofeta.

Many of the frontline All Blacks miss the clash against Japan as they will head to the United Kingdom ahead of the rest of the squad in order to climatise and settle before the upcoming matches against England, Ireland, France and Italy.

All Blacks team: Scott Robertson gambles against Japan as Cam Roigard returns, new skipper named and rookie finally in his preferred position

Ad

Robertson explained that this was part of the reason that the All Blacks coaching staff decided to name their team earlier than they usually do and with the team always gaining the attention of the public wherever they go, it was worthwhile to just get it out of the way.

“We got the opportunity to go early [with the team announcement] with the two groups,” Robertson explained.

“And anyway there are enough cameras at training today to work it [the team] out. So we thought we might as well just tell you and stop the game of Guess Who.

“It’s good we’ve settled in and it’s a great country to tour very hospitable – the Japanese people – and the food is very good.”

Ad

As mentioned above, the All Blacks have selected an incredibly big pack to tackle Eddie Jones’ Japan team, something that Robertson was clearly excited by.

“It’s a big, big pack watching them train today,” he enthused.

“When you have got two 6ft6 plus locks and then our tight five, a lot of the front rowers are over 6ft3 as well, it’s a big forward pack.”

Wallabies squad: Joe Schmidt calls up $5m recruit as powerhouse duo Will Skelton and Samu Kerevi return, veteran omitted

Wallace Sititi at number eight

After starring on the side of the scrum during the Rugby Championship, Sititi gets a shot in the number eight jumper where he impressed during the Super Rugby Pacific season with the Chiefs.

Robertson explained that the coaches aren’t looking to him to nail down that role on a long-term basis but would rather like to embrace his versatility.

“Yeah, as I have mentioned many times can cover a few positions and he’s pretty good at number eight too,” the coach said.

Content continues below

Ad

“It’s just a good combination with Sampeni [Finau] and Sam Cane.

“When you can play a couple of different positions it helps.”

The All Blacks tackle Japan at Yokohama’s Nissan Stadium which has an impressive capacity of 72,000. While New Zealand have faced the likes of England, Ireland, South Africa and Australia at the ground, this will be their first meeting against Japan at the venue.

This will be the eighth Test match between the All Blacks and the Brave Blossoms with New Zealand winning the previous seven encounters, most recently securing a 38-31 victory in 2022.

READ MORE: Springboks: Five standout players from the URC as ‘blockbuster shift’ will have caught Rassie Erasmus’ attention


Ad
Are you for or against the 20-minute red card rule?
For
Against

International
Scott Robertson
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Colin Newboult
12 Dec 2024
Departing All Black reveals key Scott Robertson call ‘weighed on me’ and contributed to shock exit

Scott Robertson's pursuit of Richie Mo'unga has had an adverse effect on an All Blacks playmaker, who announced his departure recently.

David Skippers
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks FINALLY put Eden Park record on the line against Springboks as 2025 home schedule confirmed

New Zealand Rugby have announced the All Blacks' Test schedule for 2025 which includes the confirmation that their Rugby Championship Test with the Springboks will take place at Eden Park.

Jared Wright
09 Dec 2024
All Blacks back makes ‘bombshell’ move ‘effective immediately’ after Scott Robertson snub

The Chiefs have been dealt a hammer blow ahead of the 2025 Super Rugby Pacific season.

Colin Newboult
08 Dec 2024
Sir Steve Hansen claims All Blacks were ‘robbed’ of 2023 World Cup win as former head coach provides verdict on Scott Robertson’s side

Sir Steve Hansen discusses Scott Robertson's first year in charge after he took over following their 2023 Rugby World Cup defeat.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
31
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Leicester Fainga’anuku reveals ‘preference’ for Top 14 over Super Rugby as All Blacks powerhouse opens up on New Zealand return
11 hours ago
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
14 hours ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
16 hours ago
6
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
18 hours ago
4
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
18 hours ago
4
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
17 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/scott-robertson-reveals-why-the-all-blacks-followed-the-springboks-lead-with-an-early-team-announcement 
 ----- 
