SCORES
NEWS
SERIES
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
PLAYERS
 
BN
EN
BN
EN
Search
News
Rashid dreams of playing int'l cricket in Afghanistan
by Staff Correspondent - Published on Sat, Mar 5, 2022 10:10 PM
Sat, Mar 5, 2022 10:10 PM
Photo: Daily Cricket

Afghanistan leg spinner Rashid Khan said on Saturday that he is looking forward to play international cricket back home in Afghanistan and according to him it is a bigger dream than winning the World Cup.

Due to political turmoil Afghanistan Cricket Board is unable to host international matches at their own backyard and opted for UAE as their second home along with few other venues.

‘’Playing in my own country is my biggest dream. That is bigger than dream than I win the World Cup for my team. Playing in home condition you know today we were playing and we saw the support for the Bangladesh team that is different feeling. I want that same feeling in my country as well and I think it is the dream of every player and especially from Afghanistan you are hosting a team like Bangladesh or you are hosting a team like Australia, England in Afghanistan. I hope it happens when we are playing international cricket. It’s a dream of a country and dream of every player,’’ said Rashid.

Read More: Rashid choose national duty over franchise cricket

Rashid took a swipe on media for fabricating news over his so-called marriage plans as he insisted that this rumor that he wants to marry after winning a world cup is false.

‘’Actually I got this message so many time that I said I will get married once I win the World Cup and I don’t know where did I say it. I don’t have any voice clip there is no statement if there is you know I have got so many messages from the people you know from fans is that true and I just said in one media that I don’t have any plan for marriage in next two years because in next two years I have two World Cups which is T20 and ODI’s and then I will think about my marriage but I don’t when I say something different in the media and people take it differently and its fine,’’ said Rashid.

‘’I think in media everything you see you shouldn’t take that and most of the time you see negative news in media. Very hardly people get positive things in the media which is normal and I am used to with that the more negative I see the more motivation I get,’’ he added.

DailyCricket App  ( Android ):  Android DailyCricket app

DailyCricket App  ( iOS ): iOS DailyCricket App

Tags
Rashid Khan
Afghanistan Cricket
Afghanistan tour of Bangladesh 2022
Comments
Feature video
DOWNLOAD
LIVE SCORE CRICKET APP
Company
About
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Editorial Policy
Term & Condition
Quick links
Scores
News
Photos
Videos
Series
Blog
Career
Follow Us On
© 2025 Daily Cricket.   All Rights Reserved by One Digital    |    Developed by Battery Low Interactive Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://dailycricket.com.bd/en/news/rashid-dreams-of-playing-int-l-cricket-in-afghanistan 
 ----- 
