Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
AL West champion Houston Astros to host Detroit Tigers in Wild Card Series
Share
AL West champion Houston Astros to host Detroit Tigers in Wild Card Series
Game one of the series is set for 1:32 p.m. CT on Tuesday, Oct. 1 and Game 2 on Wednesday, Oct. 2 also at 1:32 p.m. CT.
September 30th, 2024
Share

HOUSTON, Texas – The AL West Champion Astros will open postseason play for the eighth-consecutive season as they host the Detroit Tigers in the American League Wild Card Series presented by T-Mobile 5G Home Internet at Minute Maid Park. Game one is set for Tuesday, Oct., 1 at 1:32 p.m. CT, game two on Wednesday, Oct. 2 at 1:32 p.m. CT and if-necessary game three on Thursday, Oct. 3 at 1:32 p.m. CT.

All games in the Wild Card Series will be televised nationally on ABC, with Michael Kay, Todd Frazier, Tim Kurkjian and Alden Gonzalez calling the action. On local radio, the games will be aired on SportsTalk 790 with Robert Ford and Steve Sparks calling the action, with Matt Boltz as the engineer. Francisco Romero and Alex Treviño will be on the call for Astros Spanish radio on TUDN 93.3. The games will also be aired nationally on ESPN Radio, with Dave O’Brien and Will Middlebrooks on the call.

Fans are also encouraged to wear orange to all games of the Wild Card Series.

A very limited number of tickets are still available for games one and two and three of the Wild Card Series against the Tigers. Due to an extremely limited number of individual game tickets that will be available for postseason games, fans are encouraged to guarantee their access to 2024 postseason tickets by purchasing 2025 Season Tickets. Fans can visit Astros.com/tickets to purchase and for more information.

Tuesday, Oct. 1 vs. Detroit Tigers – 1:32 p.m. CT
Game One of the Wild Card Series between the Astros and Tigers is set for 1:32 p.m. CT at Minute Maid Park. The roof will be closed for game one of the Wild Card. Gates will open to fans at 11 a.m. CT.

In a pregame ceremony, the Astros will honor their Triple A affiliate Sugar Land Space Cowboys, who won their first Triple-A National Championship on Saturday night after winning the Pacific Coast League title last Thursday.

Our nation’s colors will be presented by the Harris County Sheriff’s Office Color Guard and the National Anthem will be performed by Kenneth Gayle.

Astros TV broadcast team of Space City Home Network’s Todd Kalas, Geoff Blum and Julia Morales will have the “Play Ball” call.

Wednesday, Oct. 2 vs. Detroit Tigers – 1:32 p.m. CT
Game two of the Wild Card Series between the Astros and Tigers is set for 1:32 p.m. CT at Minute Maid Park. The roof will be closed for game two of the Wild Card. Gates will open to fans at 11 a.m. CT.

Nine-year-old Mateo Lopez will perform the National Anthem.

The “Play Ball” call will come from legendary Houston rapper Bun B.

Thursday, Oct. 3 vs. Detroit Tigers – 1:32 p.m. CT (if necessary)
The Astros will host an if-necessary game three of the Wild Card Series against the Tigers at 1:32 p.m. CT on Thursday, Oct. 3 at Minute Maid Park. The game time could potentially change depending on the outcomes of the other Wild Card Series.

Related
Astros add pitching prospect Linskey in trade with D-backs

January 8th, 2025

This 18-inning Astros-Braves marathon is worth a revisit

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Astros flush with rotation options for 2025

January 7th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

Injuries & Moves: McCullers, Garcia updates

January 7th, 2025

AL WEST DIVISION CHAMPION MERCHANDISE ON SALE NOW
AL West Division Champion and Postseason gear is available now to the general public in the Astros Center Field Team Store, located on the corner of Crawford St. and Congress St. The Center Field Team Store will have expanded Postseason hours beginning this week and running until the conclusion of the Postseason from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday and 9 a.m. – 2 p.m. on Saturdays on non-gamedays.

NEW BALLPARK EATS
All the favorite eats at Minute Maid Park will be available during the Wild Card Series, in addition to two new items.

The first new item is BBQ Street Corn, which is roasted sweet corn topped with barbecue aioli, cotija cheese, barbecue sauce, pickles, choice of chopped brisket, pork burnt ends, or smoked chicken. The Street Corn costs $17.89 and will be available in the following locations: Sections 116 – The Butcher, 152 - The Butcher Express, 224 – The Butcher, 433 – The Butcher.

The second new item available is the Electric Haderade drink, which is made of Minute Maid Lemonade, Blue Curacao, Hornitos Tequila, Sprite, Tajin rim, with a cherry and lime garnish. The Electric Haderade costs $35.89 and can be purchased at the following locations: Section 119 – Love Street Bar; Section 128 NUTRL Bar; Section 205 and 423 – Houston Cocktail Company.

Photos of the BBQ Street Corn and Electric Haderade, in addition to information on other top postseason offerings at Minute Maid Park can be found in the attached document.

POSTSEASON POSTGAME SHOWS
Astros postseason postgame shows will air on Space City Home Network (SCHN) on the same channels and with the same talent that fans are accustomed to, including play-by-play announcer Todd Kalas, color commentator Geoff Blum and sideline reporter Julia Morales.

NEW ERA CAP MACHINE
The Astros are the first MLB club to offer a New Era Cap Blocking machine as a service to fans. The machine uses steam and heat to eliminate creases and give your visor the perfect lasting curve. Swing by the Home Plate Custom shop during gamedays to get the ideal fit on your New Era 59Fifty. Restrictions and exclusions apply.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

ASTROS MEMORABILIA TABLE
With all the proceeds benefiting the Astros Foundation, visit the Astros Memorabilia Tables located right behind Insperity Club at section 120, on the club level and in Hall of Fame Alley in center field inside Minute Maid Park. Open at every home Astros game from the time gates open until the end of the seventh inning, fans can purchase one-of-a-kind bats, baseballs, photos, artwork and more signed by current Astros and Astros greats. Other items signed by local Houston celebrities are also available, along with special fundraising items with all the proceeds also going to the Astros Foundation.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Houston Astros
OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/press-release/press-release-al-west-champion-houston-astros-to-host-detroit-tigers-in-wild-card-series 
 ----- 
