MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
American League Wild Card Series predictions: Our experts make their picks
By The Athletic MLB Staff
Oct 1, 2024

63

The Athletic has live coverage of the MLB Wild Card Round.

The National League went into overtime to determine its postseason bracket, but the American League had Monday off to prepare for Tuesday’s slate of wild-card games. The Detroit Tigers shocked baseball by reaching the playoffs, but will they advance against the Houston Astros? Can the Baltimore Orioles rebound after last year’s disappointing October showing and take out the upstart Kansas City Royals? Our experts weigh in on the two AL Wild Card Series below.

Note: Playoff seeding in brackets.

Detroit Tigers (6) vs. Houston Astros (3)
Staff predictions for DET v. HOU
TEAM
	
PERCENT OF VOTES


Detroit Tigers
	
29.4%


Houston Astros
	
70.6%

GO DEEPER

Astros vs. Tigers Wild Card Series preview: Predictions, pitching matchups and more

Chandler Rome (Houston): The gap in postseason experience and offensive production is too wide to ignore. Tarik Skubal could render it meaningless Tuesday afternoon. So could A.J. Hinch’s “pitching chaos” in the games that follow. With slim run support, though, the task becomes more difficult. A slew of first-timers surviving tight games with such a minuscule margin for error doesn’t seem like a recipe to dethrone the closest thing this sport has to a dynasty.

Keith Law (Detroit): The Tigers get the best pitcher in the American League going on full rest, and their offense is sneaky good. Jackson Jobe could their equivalent to 2008 David Price out of the pen.

Kaitlyn McGrath (Houston): The Tigers’ late-season surge into the postseason has been a great story, but the Astros are such a proven playoff team that it’s difficult to bet against them. Potentially being without Yordan Alvarez will hurt Houston, but in a short series, its pitching staff should be able to handle the Tigers. Plus, Minute Maid Park is an intimidating park as a road team all the time, but especially in October.

Stephen Nesbitt (Detroit): Since the three-game Wild Card Series was introduced, the team that has won the first game has won each series — a perfect 8 for 8. (Only one series even went to a third game.) If this comes down to a battle of Game 1 lefties, I’m going with Skubal and the Tigers. This is not entirely sensical. 1. The Tigers were 100 OPS points worse against left-handed pitching this season than the Astros. 2. The Astros clipped Skubal for six runs in 12 2/3 innings this season; the Tigers scored only twice in six innings against Framber Valdez. But what about this Tigers season has been sensical? Plus, we run the risk of getting Old Takes Exposed if everyone makes the chalk pick. So, Tigers it is.

The Astros had one big inning against Skubal back in June, and he otherwise held them in check. Now he has a chance to set the tone in Game 1, put the Astros into elimination territory and bring their run of seven consecutive ALCS appearances to an unlikely end.

GO DEEPER

Tarik Skubal is the AL Cy Young favorite. Meet the ‘role model’ he calls his brother

Andrew Baggarly (Houston): Not sure how they do it, but the Astros always find a way to make themselves heard in October. They are able to cut through the statistical noise and prevail in a short series. Not to trash the great season the Tigers just had — former Houston manager A.J. Hinch did a bang-up job in Detroit — but they might have drawn a bad beat with this first-round matchup. The Astros weren’t wire-to-wire winners in the AL West, but guys like José Altuve just refuse take off their jersey in October. This one’s practically in the can.

Sahadev Sharma (Detroit): Tarik Skubal, and baseball is weird.

Jayson Stark (Houston): The Tigers are a great story. But the Astros are a great team. Too much talent on one side of the field for me. It’s hard to see how the Tigers keep that lineup from scoring unless Yordan Alvarez is hurting.

Sam Blum (Houston): You really think I’m crazy enough to go against the Astros before the ALCS?

Eno Sarris (Houston): The Astros — even if Yordan Alvarez doesn’t hit — have superior depth in the rotation, the bullpen and the lineup. And they’ve got a few stars, as well.

Zack Meisel (Detroit): A.J. Hinch’s revenge? Justin Verlander’s revenge? How about Jake Rogers’ revenge? The catcher, the only part of the Tigers’ return for Verlander who still dons the Old English D, will guide Detroit’s red-hot pitching staff into the ALDS.

Katie Woo (Houston): The Tigers are baseball’s most fun story. But betting against the Astros? In October? Come on.

GO DEEPER

A.J. Hinch is back in the postseason, in a place where he's hard to forget

David O’Brien (Houston): Tigers are on a roll, but the Astros’ depth and wealth of postseason experience will win out.

Jen McCaffrey (Detroit): If any team can stop the Astros in the postseason, it’s this Tigers team that’s gone on a wild run to make it this far.

Patrick Mooney (Houston): Playoff experience matters.

Andy McCullough (Houston): The Astros are the more complete team, with pitchers capable of subduing Detroit’s lineup and an offense that figures to take advantage of a tired Tigers bullpen. Skubal could tilt Game 1 toward the Tigers, but the Astros are strong enough to overcome that deficit.

C. Trent Rosecrans (Houston): The Tigers would make for the better story, but the Astros have been here before and that postseason experience is important.

Melissa Lockard (Houston): Detroit looks like a team of destiny, but Houston’s destiny has been the ALCS for years now.

	The Orioles acquired Corbin Burnes for a postseason run. Can he deliver? (Greg Fiume / Getty Images)
Kansas City Royals (5) vs. Baltimore Orioles (4)
Staff predictions for KC v. BAL
TEAM
	
PERCENT OF VOTES


Kansas City Royals
	
23.50%


Baltimore Orioles
	
76.50%

GO DEEPER

Orioles vs. Royals Wild Card Series preview: Predictions, pitching matchups and more

Sahadev Sharma (Kansas City): I can’t believe I’m saying this about the Royals, but their starting pitching will carry them through this round.

Jayson Stark (Baltimore): I feel like people are overlooking the Orioles. That’s a mistake. That lineup is healthier than it’s been in a long time. And any team that starts Corbin Burnes and Zach Eflin in a short series has more than enough starting pitching to win a short series.

Sam Blum (Baltimore): In a battle of two teams that had mediocre Septembers, I’ll go with the club that’s at home, has some postseason experience and will be pitching Corbin Burnes in Game 1.

Kaitlyn McGrath (Baltimore): The Orioles were humbled last postseason, and I think the team that is one year older will take those valuable lessons into this October. The Royals were a great story this year, but their offense faded at the end. That said, if Vinnie Pasquantino can make it back, I would give the Royals a fighting chance. The Orioles had their struggles, too, but they ended the season strong and hosting the short series at Camden Yards will be a sizable advantage for them.

Andy McCullough (Kansas City): The Orioles played .500 baseball in the second half. The Royals dealt with two seven-game losing streaks in the last six weeks. Flip a coin! Kansas City is playing with house money — few prognosticators expected them to reach the postseason.

GO DEEPER

How Bobby Witt Jr. became ‘Bobby Baseball’: Nine stories on the road to superstardom 

Zack Meisel (Baltimore): The Royals’ strength is their rotation, but Burnes and Eflin have been excellent lately for the Orioles. Baltimore’s lineup will rise to the occasion to set up an AL East showdown with the Yankees in the ALDS.

Stephen Nesbitt (Baltimore): I’d confidently take the combination of Cole Ragans and Seth Lugo over Corbin Burnes and Zach Eflin, but it’s not the Royals rotation that scared me away. It’s the bats. Bobby Witt Jr. has gotten no help lately. The Royals’ .577 OPS in September was last in the majors.

Here’s a breakdown of everyone who took an at-bat last month, sorted by round-number OPS:

.800: Bobby Witt
.700: none
.600: Salvador Perez, Michael Massey, Yuli Gurriel, Kyle Isbel, Adam Frazier
.500: Tommy Pham, Hunter Renfroe, MJ Melendez
.400: Maikel Garcia, Garrett Hampson
.300: Freddy Fermin, Robbie Grossman
.200: Paul DeJong
.100: none
.000: Dairon Blanco

Hurry back, Vinnie Pasquantino! Neither team enters the postseason at full steam. The Orioles are 38-40 since the start of July; the Royals are 39-37. I trust the deeper lineup to find a way to win this series.

Andrew Baggarly (Kansas City): The Orioles offense lost steam in the second half and their bullpen never had much of it to begin with. It’s a tough assignment to win a three-game series on the road. But the Royals might be young and talented enough not to know better.

Chandler Rome (Baltimore): Neither of these teams played inspired ball in September, so picking the one with some modicum of momentum seems wise. Baltimore won five of its final seven games and has the one-two punch atop the rotation to counter Cole Ragans and Seth Lugo. Presuming Burnes and Eflin can control Witt, the Orioles should atone for their short-lived stay last October.

GO DEEPER

'We decided to skip six grades': The bold move that ushered Gunnar Henderson to Orioles stardom

David O’Brien (Baltimore): The Orioles have sputtered some since their terrific start, but their offense is still far superior to the Royals, who were the majors’ lowest-scoring team in the last 30 days.

Jen McCaffrey (Baltimore): The Royals struggled down the stretch and that could be a good recipe for the Orioles to advance deeper in the postseason this time around.

Patrick Mooney (Baltimore): Will the White Sox get a playoff share after going 1-12 against the Royals?

Eno Sarris (Baltimore): Teams with below-average lineups don’t usually go far in the playoffs, and the Royals had the 20th-best bats for the season and the worst lineup in the last month. Gotta score to win!

C. Trent Rosecrans (Baltimore): Both teams limped to the finish line, but in the end, the Orioles are the better team.

Melissa Lockard (Baltimore): The Royals staff could give the Orioles some trouble, but playing at Camden with that lineup should ultimately give Baltimore the edge.

(Top photo of Framber Valdez: Logan Riely / Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5807215/2024/09/30/al-wild-card-series-predictions/ 
 ----- 
