Skip to main content
True Blue LA homepage
a Los Angeles Dodgers community
Follow True Blue LA online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
True Blue LA main menu
MASTHEAD
ABOUT US
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

DODGERS GAME COVERAGE
Justin Wrobleski rocked in Dodgers blowout loss to Diamondbacks

8-run second inning put this one to bed early. Wrobleski, who still pitched into the 6th inning, tied an LA record with 10 earned runs allowed

By Eric Stephen@ericstephen  Sep 1, 2024, 3:50pm PDT  59 Comments / 59 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Eric Stephen is the managing editor of True Blue LA, where he's covered the Dodgers since 2009, and the co-host of the Three-Inning Save podcast. He's on Bluesky at @ericstephen.bsky.social.

There were a ton of early runs for a third straight game in this series, only on Sunday they all were by the Diamondbacks, who bludgeoned the Dodgers 14-3 at Chase Field on Phoenix.

Justin Wrobleski got the start for the Dodgers, but his role on this day changed fairly quickly. The rookie left-hander had trouble throwing strikes, and the strikes he did throw were hit. Arizona got seven hits and a walk against Wrobleski in the second inning alone, plating eight runs while forcing him to throw 41 pitches to get three outs in that frame.

At that point the competitive phase of the game was over, such that Mookie Betts, Freddie Freeman, and Teoscar Hernández were out of the game after two innings on defense.

For a staff that saw its bullpen throw 23⅓ innings over the previous five days, Wrobleski’s job shifted to one of buying as many outs as he possibly could for a pitching staff that still has three more games to go on this stretch of nine game days in a row.

21st century Dodgers allowing 10 runs
Pitcher	Date	Opponent	IP

Odalis Pérez	8/26/03	at HOU	4⅔
Brad Penny	5/7/08	NYM	4⅔
Paul Maholm	5/14/14	MIA	3⅔
Carlos Frias	5/24/15	SD	4
Hyun-jin Ryu	5/11/17	at COL	4
Tony Gonsolin	8/18/23	MIA	3⅓
Justin Wrobleski	9/1/24	at AZ	5⅓
All seven pitchers allowed exactly 10 runs Source: Baseball Reference

To that end, Wrobleski did the bullpen a solid by pitching into the sixth inning. He allowed a solo home run to Eugenio Suárez in the third inning, and two groundball singles for another run in the sixth. But after that 41-pitch second inning, Wrobleski threw another 41 pitches to soak up 10 more outs.

The carnage though still put Wrobleski in dubious company, matching a Los Angeles Dodgers record with 10 earned runs allowed in a game. He’s just the seventh Dodgers pitcher this century to allow 10 runs in a game.

On offense, the Dodgers had their chances against Brandon Pfaadt, who struck out 10 but also allowed eight hits and two walks. The Dodgers were hitless in their first nine at-bats with runners in scoring position, with two of the outs run-scoring grounders, before an Austin Barnes RBI single finally chased the Arizona right-hander with two outs in the sixth inning.

Barnes matched his career high with three hits. He’s done so six times, with the previous effort coming on September 20, 2022.

Michael Grove relieved Wrobleski and got the next five outs, and his two runs allowed in the seventh inning made the deficit large enough — at least eight runs — to use position-player Kiké Hernández to pitch the eighth, after playing the previous five innings at first base.

Sunday was Hernández’s third appearance of the season, and he allowed four straight hits for his first two runs allowed this season.

Sunday particulars

Home runs: Randal Grichuk (6), Eugenio Suárez (22)

WP — Brandon Pfaadt (9-7): 5⅔ IP, 8 hits, 3 runs, 2 walks, 10 strikeouts

LP — Justin Wrobleski (1-2): 5⅓ IP, 10 hits, 10 runs, 2 walks, 2 strikeouts

Up next

These two teams finish off the four-game series with an afternoon start on Labor Day Monday, back on regular old television (1:10 p.m. PT, SportsNet LA). Jack Flaherty starts on the mound for the Dodgers, who will face their first left-handed starter in this series with Eduardo Rodríguez taking the ball for Arizona.

IN THIS STREAM
September 1: Diamondbacks 14, Dodgers 3
Wrobleski rocked in Dodgers blowout loss to D-backs
Dodgers vs. D-backs game XII chat
VIEW ALL 5 STORIES
MORE FROM TRUE BLUE LA
The Roki Sasaki sprint to the finish comes this week
Dodgers have ESPN Sunday games vs. Cubs, Mets & Yankees
Dodgers prospect rankings, breakout picks & 80-grade tools
Dodgers raise money for LA fire relief efforts
Notes: Mookie at SS, trade options, relievers in new homes
Dodgers exchange arbitration salaries with Alex Vesia
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the True Blue LA Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Dodgers news from True Blue LA
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Manage Privacy Settings  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.

Privacy Notice
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
 

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Create profiles to personalise content. Develop and improve services. Store and/or access information on a device. Measure advertising performance. Use limited data to select content. Measure content performance. Use profiles to select personalised content. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept Manage Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.truebluela.com/2024/9/1/24233589/justin-wrobleski-dodgers-blowout-loss-diamondbacks 
 ----- 
