Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Dodgers
82-55, 37-31 Away
3
Final
Diamondbacks
77-60, 39-30 Home
14
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Grichuk hits 3-run homer, Diamondbacks jump on Dodgers early in 14-3 win
ByAP
Sep 2, 2024, 12:18 am

PHOENIX -- — Randal Grichuk hit a three-run homer in Arizona’s eight-run second inning, Brandon Pfaadt struck out 10 and the Diamondbacks routed the Los Angeles Dodgers 14-3 on Sunday.

The Dodgers won the series’ first two games by jumping on Arizona early.

The Diamondbacks returned the favor in bashing fashion on Sunday, sending 11 batters to the plate against Justin Wrobleski (1-2) in the second inning.

“The first two games didn’t go our way, but we didn’t give up in either of those games and we’re not going to give up — that showed up today,” Grichuk said. “Guys are firing on all cylinders, and it’s fun to come out and get it done.”

Eugenio Suárez homered and had two RBI, and Geraldo Perdomo hit a two-run double in Arizona's big inning. Pfaadt (9-7) was solid after being staked to the big early lead, helping Arizona move back within five games of the Dodgers in the NL West.

The Diamondbacks had 17 hits to end the Dodgers' four-game winning streak. Los Angeles closed out the game with infielder Kiké Hernández pitching the eighth inning.

“We got put into a tough spot today, then you’re just trying to find a way to salvage pitching,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “I think the positive is we’re back to full strength for tomorrow with a chance to win the series.”

Wrobleski was added to the roster as a September callup to give the rotation an extra day of rest following Clayton Kershaw's trip to the injured list with a bone spur in his big left toe.

The rookie left-hander's return to the big leagues did not go well.

The Diamondbacks jumped on Wrobleski in the second inning, starting with Grichuk's leadoff double. Suárez, Jose Herrera and Jose Bell each had run-scoring singles in the inning.

With his bullpen already taxed, Roberts left Wrobleski in the game and Suárez put Arizona up 9-0 with a solo homer in the third. Wrobleski managed to work his way through 5 1/3 innings and was pulled after Corbin Carroll's run-scoring single put Arizona up 10-3.

Wrobleski allowed 10 runs on 10 hits with two strikeouts and two walks.

“It’s part of being a starting pitcher," he said. "It’s part of pitching in this league. It’s a hard league to pitch in obviously. Just kind of keep grinding.”

Pfaadt allowed a run on a groundout in the fourth inning and was chased with two outs in the sixth after giving up two more runs, including one on Austin Barnes' RBI single. Joe Mantiply struck out Shohei Ohtani looking to end the inning. Ohtani went 0 for 4 with three strikeouts.

Pfaadt allowed three runs on eight hits and walked two.

“What happened the last two days, shutting them down in that first inning was important," Pfaadt said.

Carroll went 2 for 4 with a walk to reach base in 40 straight starts, breaking Arizona's single-season streak, set by Jay Bell in 1998.

ROSTER ADDITIONS

The Dodgers also added RHP Michael Grove and OF Andy Pages to the roster as September callups before the game. RHP Ben Caparius was optioned to Triple-A Oklahoma City after earning his first big-league win with a scoreless inning Saturday night.

Arizona recalled RHP Slade Cecconi and Of Jorge Barrosa from Triple-A Reno.

TRAINER'S TABLE

Diamondbacks: RF Lourdes Gurriel Jr. left the game hobbling on his left leg after trying to beat out a double play to end the sixth inning. Lovullo said it was from calf tightness and he will have an MRI as soon as possible.

UP NEXT

Dodgers RHP Jack Flaherty (10-6, 3.07 ERA) faces Diamondbacks LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (2-0, 5.06) in Monday's series finale.

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Game Information
Chase Field
8:10 PM, September 1, 2024
Coverage: Roku
Phoenix, Arizona
Line: ARI -110
Over/Under: 9.5
Attendance: 46,278
Game Time:
2:38
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Junior Valentine
First Base Umpire - Ramon De Jesus
Second Base Umpire - Quinn Wolcott
Third Base Umpire - Adrian Johnson
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
Privacybeleid
Gepersonaliseerde advertenties
Europese Privacy Regelgeving
Cookiebeleid
Support
Manage Privacy Preferences
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. Alle rechten voorbehouden.
Your Privacy Settings
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. We work with 870 partners. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time through the “Manage Privacy Preferences” link on each page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. For additional information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to:

Store and/or access information on a device. Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
Continue without Accepting
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap?gameId=401570520 
 ----- 
