Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Grichuk making most of limited opportunities: 'He's accepted his role'
Share
Grichuk making most of limited opportunities: 'He's accepted his role'
September 2nd, 2024

Steve Gilbert

@SteveGilbertMLB
Share

0:02

1:46

PHOENIX -- You haven't heard Randal Grichuk complain about his role on the Diamondbacks this year. While his performance at the plate probably warrants more at-bats, he knows he's part of a platoon at the designated hitter spot with the left-handed-hitting Joc Pederson.

That doesn't mean it's been easy for Grichuk to handle the lack of playing time, but he's made the most of the opportunities he's gotten -- like Sunday, when he doubled, homered and drove in three runs as the D-backs beat the Dodgers, 14-3, at Chase Field.

In the first two games of the series, both the Dodgers and D-backs scored in bunches early in the game.

Complete coverage: D-backs' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

In Sunday's contest, however, it was only the D-backs who flexed their muscles, as they put together an eight-run second inning that was capped by Grichuk's three-run homer.

The Dodgers beat the D-backs in the first two games of the series, which left manager Torey Lovullo curious as to how his team would respond Sunday.

Interestingly, it wasn't the eight-run second inning that let Lovullo know his team was just fine, but rather it was a running catch that center fielder Jake McCarthy made in the first inning that did.

"That told me the story," Lovullo said. "That told me everything I wanted to know about this team and their hunger and their desire to go out there and execute to win today's game. I'm not saying it was a must-win game, but it was a very, very important game. We know the standings. We're following it. We're chasing the Dodgers, all that stuff, but what impresses me most is our ability to block that out, go out and execute and win the game the way we did today."

Grichuk played a big role in the action just two days after Lovullo pinch-hit for him in the second inning of the series opener when Dodgers lefty Clayton Kershaw left the game due to injury and a right-hander replaced him.

All year long, Lovullo has used Grichuk at DH against lefties and Pederson vs. righties.

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

How Arizona could have a new-look offense in '25

November 21st, 2024

Grichuk to be free agent after declining option with AZ (source)

October 31st, 2024

After Grichuk's 2 homers, D-backs hold off Giants

September 4th, 2024

"To block out that noise and that frustration and turn the page, that was an amazing, amazing day for him," Lovullo said. "I know it hasn't been easy for him. I've had some conversations with him. I know that he's hungry to play more. He could probably get right-on-right at-bats and be very, very productive."

But Lovullo has stuck with the formula and it's impossible to argue with the results.

With Grichuk and Pederson mostly holding down the role, the D-backs have gotten a composite .899 OPS out of the DH spot this year. That's the third-best mark in the Majors behind only the Dodgers , who have Shohei Ohtani in that role, and the Braves with Marcell Ozuna.

Because there are more right-handed pitchers than lefties in the big leagues, Pederson has gotten more at-bats than Grichuk.

"There's been a lot of ups and downs," Grichuk said. "Playing a couple times a week is a tough role in this game. Pitchers are nasty. If you're not getting those every day at-bats, it's tough. But just got to go up there confident and when the mechanics are clicking, then games like today happen."

It also is easier for a player to accept less of a role when he's doing so on a team that's winning, and with the D-backs currently holding the top spot in the NL Wild Card chase and just five games behind the Dodgers in the NL West, Grichuk is more apt to embrace his role.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

"He's accepted his role," Lovullo said. "He knows what’s for the good of the team, and that, to me, is a sacrifice and a commitment to what's going on here."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
Randal Grichuk

Senior Reporter Steve Gilbert has covered the D-backs for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/d-backs-ride-8-run-inning-to-victory-over-dodgers 
 ----- 
