Sections
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
DODGERS
Worn-out Dodgers let the train wreck happen in blowout loss to Arizona
Dodgers starting pitcher Justin Wrobleski walks to the dugout after getting pulled during the sixth inning of a 14-3 loss to the Arizona Diamondbacks at Chase Field on Sunday. (Ross D. Franklin / Associated Press)
By Jack Harris
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 1, 2024 Updated 4:32 PM PT
Share

PHOENIX —  The Dodgers made a business decision Sunday.

After two hard-fought, high-intensity wins to open this weekend’s pivotal four-game series in Arizona, the team had a chance to really stretch its lead in the National League West; to perhaps build a gap too insurmountable to be squandered in the season’s final month.

However, they were also wary of the worn-out state of their roster. Of a bullpen that had combined for 12 innings in those two wins. Of a lineup that has been grinding through a resurgent August that’s seen them reaffirm their place atop the division standings.

That’s why, even as Sunday’s 14-3 blowout loss to the Diamondbacks at Chase Field began to slip off the rails, manager Dave Roberts did little to stop the train wreck.

DODGERS

Plaschke: How one man lost Shohei Ohtani’s 40-40 home run ball and found L.A. love in return
Sept. 1, 2024

He left rookie spot starter Justin Wrobleski on the mound to wear it in a 5 ⅓-inning, 10-run implosion (eight of the runs scored in a seven-hit, 11-batter second inning).

He pulled three of his best (and most heavily used) star players — Freddie Freeman, Mookie Betts and Teoscar Hernández — in the third inning.

He effectively waved the white flag before the club had gone through the batting order even two full times.

“I think for me, as I’ve always felt, and still do feel, the player’s health is most important, and if that could be compromised at all, I will go with another option,” Roberts said pregame. “I just feel that kind of mindset overall is most beneficial for the player, the team. So I don’t think that the win-loss, the standings, will have any deciding factor on who I use today.”

He certainly wasn’t lying.

This can still be a successful desert trip for the Dodgers. They’ve already assured themselves of a series split and no worse than a four-game lead in the NL West (it stood at five games over both the Diamondbacks and San Diego Padres at the end of play Sunday).

But once Sunday’s game started to unravel, they decided it was beyond attempting to save.

Agree or disagree, they tolerated what they hope proves to be only one small step back, in a bet it will allow them to take bigger strides forward in the future.

“We got put into a tough spot today, then you’re just trying to find a way to salvage pitching,” Roberts said after the game. “I think the positive is we’re back to full strength for tomorrow with a chance to win the series.”

Dodgers star Shohei Ohtani reacts after striking out in the third inning Sunday against Arizona. (Ross D. Franklin / Associated Press)

Even if the Dodgers (82-55) hadn’t punted on Sunday’s game early on, the hole Wrobleski left them was likely too deep to overcome.

Making his sixth career start, the 24-year-old left-hander was jumped by the Diamondbacks (76-61) and their high-powered lineup in the second inning, struggling to command the ball early in counts or avoid hard contact once he fell behind.

Randal Grichuk led off with a double. Eugenio Suárez, Kevin Newman and Jose Herrera strung together consecutive one-out singles, making it 2-0. Then Geraldo Perdomo pounded a two-run double, opening up a 4-0 Arizona lead.

If there was ever a moment for Roberts to contemplate a more aggressive strategy, and consider turning to his weary bullpen to stop the bleeding, it was then.

However, just as Roberts promised pregame, the bullpen didn’t stir. The manager stayed in his seat at the front of the dugout.

Wrobleski was going to have to wear it.

And wear it, he did.

After a Josh Bell single made it 5-0, Grichuk returned to the plate and clobbered a three-run, back-breaking homer to the balcony in right-center field, easily clearing the 413-foot marker some 20 feet below.

As Wrobleski watched the ball sail out, he hung his head while the hometown portions of a packed matinee crowd erupted around him.

“It sucks,” said Wrobleski, who Roberts said will be optioned Monday for another relief arm. “It’s part of being a starting pitcher. It’s part of pitching in this league. It’s a hard league to pitch in obviously. Just kind of keep grinding.”

After Shohei Ohtani, Betts and Freeman struck out in consecutive at-bats the following half-inning, the writing was plastered on the wall.

When the Dodgers took the field in the bottom of the third, Freeman (who is still playing with a fractured right middle finger), Betts (who played in all 18 of the team’s games since returning from a broken hand) and Hernández (who has played a team-high 133 games this year) stayed on the bench.

The Dodgers eventually scratched across three runs (Tommy Edman and Kevin Kiermaier had RBI grounders; Austin Barnes hit an RBI single). But that was little consolation in what became the Dodgers’ most lopsided loss of the season.

DODGERS

Dodgers belt historic 3 leadoff home runs among 16 hits to take another game from Arizona
Aug. 31, 2024

Wrobleski’s 10 earned runs alone matched the most allowed by a Dodgers pitcher in the club’s Los Angeles history.

The Dodgers will have a chance for redemption Monday afternoon.

Top trade deadline acquisition Jack Flaherty will take the mound coming off five days of rest. The bullpen will be as fresh as it’s been in perhaps weeks (though that’s not saying much for a group that has compensated for a lack of length from the rotation all year). The chance to take three of four games from an intradivision rival will still be well within reach.

The Dodgers will hope their roster decisions Sunday only aid that effort.

They made a business decision, and now have to wait and see if it ultimately pays off.

More to Read
Dodgers hopeful their cautious bullpen usage will pay off in NLCS Game 6
Oct. 19, 2024
Hernández: Shortage of healthy pitchers forcing Dave Roberts into high-risk balancing act
Oct. 19, 2024
Shaikin: Dodgers not prioritizing victory in Game 2 of the NLCS is a risky strategy
Oct. 15, 2024
DODGERS
Jack Harris
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Jack Harris covers the Dodgers for the Los Angeles Times. Before that, he covered the Angels, the Kings and almost everything else the L.A. sports scene had to offer. A Phoenix native, he originally interned at The Times before joining the staff in 2019.

More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
First, they lost their home insurance. Then, L.A. fires consumed their homes
The architecturally significant houses destroyed in L.A.’s fires
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2024-09-01/dodgers-blowout-loss-arizona-diamondbacks 
 ----- 
