Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
LOS ANGELES
News
Weather
Sports
Videos
KCAL News Shows
44°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Dodgers go back-to-back-to-back in win over Diamondbacks

August 31, 2024 / 8:41 PM PDT / AP

Shohei Ohtani, Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman started the game with consecutive home runs, the first time that has happened in the Dodgers' 141-year history, and Tommy Edman hit a two-run single in the ninth inning to give Los Angeles an 8-6 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Saturday night.

Corbin Carroll hit an inside-the-park home run for Arizona.

Ohtani hit his 44th of the season — a 420-foot shot to dead center off of Diamondbacks starter Merrill Kelly. Betts followed with his 14th and Freeman on the very next pitch hit his 19th of the season 437 feet to right-center. It was the first time the three superstars had homered consecutively.

Ben Casparius (1-0), in his major league debut, pitched a scoreless eighth for the NL West-leading Dodgers' fourth straight victory. Evan Phillips retired the side in order in the ninth for his 18th save.

Ohtani added a sacrifice fly in the second and Freeman drove in another run with a single. Both runs were unearned because of Kelly's error while attempting to get a force on Kevin Kiermaier's bunt.

Kelly went 5 1/3 innings, giving up 10 hits and six runs, four earned.

Lourdes Gurriel Jr. homered and drove in three runs for the Diamondbacks.

Carroll's inside-the-park homer to straightaway center in the first inning was his fifth in five games. Kiermaier leaped at the wall, but the ball bounced back toward the infield and Carroll scored standing up.

Carroll tied a Diamondbacks record by reaching base in his 39th straight start. The record was set by Jay Bell in the franchise's first season, 1998.

Will Smith and Gavin Lux singled off Ryan Thompson (7-4) to start the ninth. Kiké Hernández sacrificed the runners to second and third and Edman looped a hit into shallow right field to score pinch runner Chris Taylor and Lux.

TRAINER'S ROOM

The Dodgers placed LHP Clayton Kershaw on the 15-day injured list. Reliever Joe Kelly also went on the injured list with right shoulder inflammation. To replace them, the Dodgers recalled right-handers Brent Honeywell and Ben Casparius from Triple-A Oklahoma City.

Another injured starter, Tyler Glasnow, expressed optimism before the game about returning to the Dodgers rotation before the end of the season.

NEXT

The Dodgers start LHP Justin Wrobleski (1-1, 4.68 ERA) against Diamondbacks RHP Brandon Pfaadt (8-7, 4.31) Sunday in the third of the four-game series.

More from CBS News
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games on Saturday because of wildfires
Zelenskyy offers firefighting help from Ukraine for Los Angeles-area wildfires
24 dead in Palisades and Eaton fires as Los Angeles braces for more high winds, red flag weather
Officials warn against price gouging, looting amid Los Angeles wildfires
In: Arizona Diamondbacks MLB Sports Shohei Ohtani Los Angeles Dodgers Mookie Betts

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
CBS 2
Contests & Promotions
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KCBS-TV
Public File for KCAL-TV
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/losangeles/news/ohtani-betts-and-freeman-open-with-consecutive-hrs-and-dodgers-beat-diamondbacks-8-6/ 
 ----- 
