Menu
Notices
Opens in new window
Place a Notice
Opens in new window
Today’s Paper
Opens in new window
Subscriptions
Podcasts
Jobs
Opens in new window
Sign Up
Log In
Home
News
Opinion
GAA
Business
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Puzzles
Soccer
Mohamed Bayo winner sends Guinea into last eight of Africa Cup of Nations
Bayo headed home from Ibrahim Diakite’s cross with just 22 seconds remaining in the last of eight minutes of stoppage time.
Expand
Guinea’s Mohamed Bayo reacts after scoring the winning goal during the Africa Cup of Nations match against Equatorial Guinea (Themba Hadebe/AP) (Themba Hadebe/AP)
By PA Sport Staff
January 28, 2024 at 7:30pm GMT

Mohamed Bayo scored a last-gasp winner to send Guinea into the last eight of the Africa Cup of Nations with a 1-0 win over 10-man Equatorial Guinea.

A poor-quality game looked destined for extra time in Abidjan when Bayo headed home from Ibrahim Diakite’s cross with just 22 seconds remaining in the last of eight minutes of stoppage time.

The majority of that time had come from a lengthy VAR check which eventually saw Equatorial Guinea awarded a penalty for a foul by Sekou Sylla on Iban Salvador, only for captain Emilio Nsue to hit the base of a post with his spot-kick.

Equatorial Guinea’s Emilio Nsue reacts after missing a penalty kick against Guinea in the last 16 of the Africa Cup of Nations (Themba Hadebe/AP) (Themba Hadebe/AP)

An early shot narrowly wide from Bayo was the only attempt on goal worthy of mention in an otherwise turgid first half, but the game sprang to life in the second period.

Danny Rohl pulls no punches in assessment of Sheffield Wednesday’s defending
Hamilton midfielder Ben Williamson injured in a road traffic accident

Nsue failed to make the most of a fortunate ricochet just two minutes after the interval as he volleyed wastefully over the bar from 10 yards, while Guinea briefly thought they had broken the deadlock when Mory Konate headed home from a free-kick in the 53rd minute.

The flag was instantly, and correctly, raised for offside, however, but Guinea were handed a man advantage just two minutes later when Federico Bikoro was shown a red card for a high-footed challenge which delivered a painful blow to Bayo’s ribs.

Equatorial Guinea could have been forgiven for playing for extra time but should instead have taken the lead from the penalty spot after Sylla’s foul on Salvador was eventually confirmed following a VAR check.

That gave Nsue the chance to net his sixth goal of the tournament but, after sending goalkeeper Ibrahim Kone the wrong way, the veteran forward could only look on in despair as his shot hit the base of a post.

Despite their numerical advantage Guinea rarely looked like scoring and Jesus Owono comfortably tipped over substitute Serhou Guirassy’s 82nd-minute header, but the deadlock was finally broken in dramatic fashion with Bayo in the perfect place to head a deserved winner.

Most read

1

Killylea: Community in shock after death of father and son in crash

2

Trimble told by Blair to ‘get lost’ over timing of border poll, records show

3

Mark Dorrian: Pair accused of murder took photograph of victim as he lay fatally injured, court told

4

Wind warning in place for New Year’s Eve in Northern Ireland

5

Priest caught up in NI school protest declined Irish Government’s offer of flat
Top stories

1

Pair accused of murder took photograph of victim as he lay fatally injured, court told

2

Irish tributes highlight President Jimmy Carter’s ‘significant’ contribution to peace process

3

Society ‘can and must do better’ to end violence against women, says Michelle O’Neill

4

Community in shock after death of father and son in crash

5

Fundraising drive for family after home gutted in Christmas Day blaze
Facebook page
Twitter feed
RSS feed

@2024 The Irish News Ltd

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contributor T&C’s
News
Opinion
GAA
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Newsletters
Send us your story
Careers
Opens in new window
Advertise
Opens in new window
Contact us
Help / FAQ
About us
Digital subscriptions
Corporate subscriptions
Workplace and Employment Awards
Opens in new window
The Irish News Ulster GAA All Stars
Opens in new window
Young News Readers
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All I Accept
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishnews.com/sport/soccer/mohamed-bayo-winner-sends-guinea-into-last-eight-of-africa-cup-of-nations-32Y7XUUINVPMZEGXDINNSMGBJA/ 
 ----- 
