Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Guards lose AL Central lead in third straight loss to Royals
Share
Guards lose AL Central lead in third straight loss to Royals
August 28th, 2024

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share

0:04

1:01

CLEVELAND -- For the first time since the morning of April 14, the Guardians are not in sole possession of first place in the American League Central.

Tuesday night couldn’t have gone any worse for Cleveland for a multitude of reasons, but let’s start with the obvious. After getting swept in Monday’s doubleheader, the Guardians fell, 6-1, to the Royals at Progressive Field on Tuesday. This means the Guardians and the Royals are now tied atop the AL Central leaderboard after Cleveland led Kansas City by 10 games as recently as the morning of June 26.

“For me it’s about the end of the season. It doesn’t matter how you get there,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said. “If you want to look back at the standings at the big lead [we had], that’s early in the season. That’s why you play 162 games. There’s nothing that says in this final stretch that we don’t go on a run. There’s nothing that says we don’t do it again.”

The loss also meant that the Royals officially secured the advantage in any potential tiebreaker scenarios at the end of the regular season. Tiebreakers are determined by head-to-head records between the two teams. The Royals have gone 7-2 against the Guardians this year with just four meetings remaining, clinching the series victory. If Cleveland and Kansas City end the year tied for first place in the AL Central, the division title would go to the Royals.

This is a huge blow to the Guardians, who now have 29 games left to win at least one more game than the Royals (and let’s not forget that the Twins are currently just 2 1/2 games back). But Cleveland is flushed with AL Central matchups over the next few weeks. It has four more meetings with the Royals, three more with the White Sox and four more with the Twins. When the Guardians have gone just 21-20 against divisional opponents this year, that’s a daunting task.

Related
Who will helm the catching position for Cleveland in 2025?

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

“Our division’s tough,” Vogt said. “This is going to be a fight. When you have evenly matched teams, it’s going to happen.”

But there’s a third layer to all of this that made Tuesday night even more sour for Cleveland. The Guardians desperately needed starter Gavin Williams to eat up innings after deploying everyone in their bullpen for Monday’s doubleheader. Williams made one mistake, giving up a two-run homer to Paul DeJong in the second inning, but got through five innings on 83 pitches -- pitching well enough to earn at least one more frame. However, the weather had other plans.

A two hour, 14-minute rain delay in the middle of the fifth inning caused Williams’ night to end early and the Guardians had to go back to Nick Sandlin, Scott Barlow and Pedro Avila -- all of whom pitched the day prior. And when Barlow faced command struggles, the Royals turned a one-run lead into a four-run lead in the seventh inning.

It hasn’t helped that the offense has struggled to find a rhythm like it had been in during the first half of the season. Over the last few weeks, Cleveland’s success against the fastball has plummeted. Since Aug. 3, the offense collectively has hit .218 with a .432 slugging percentage against heaters, while before Aug. 3, the team owned a .253 average against the offering.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I believe in this offense,” Vogt said. “I believe what we’ve done all year is who we are and a couple week stretch doesn’t define who we’ve become or anything like that.”

Now, the Guardians have to balance getting back to their old ways while making sure they aren’t pressing at the plate.

“I think I see a bunch of guys who want to be the guy that steps up and helps their team win,” Vogt said. “And for me, [we] got to relax and go be ourselves.”

The Guardians may have lost three games in the standings in just 48 hours, but they know the opportunity that lies in front of them. They can salvage a win in the series finale on Wednesday. They have three more games against the Royals next week. But they just have to find a way to get back in the win column.

“I know we can play better than we have these last two weeks and I know we’re going to come out of this,” Vogt said. “I’ve said it from day one: I believe this team can win a World Series and I still stand by that.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/guardians-fall-into-first-place-tie-with-royals-in-al-central 
 ----- 
