Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
GUARDIANS
Guardians game vs. Royals enters rain delay in 5th inning
Updated: Aug. 27, 2024, 8:37 p.m.|Published: Aug. 27, 2024, 8:15 p.m.

Crews pulled the tarp across the Progressive Field infield at 8:06 p.m. as the Guardians and Royals entered a rain delay.Joe Noga, cleveland.com

By Joe Noga, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, Ohio — Incoming storms halted play between the Guardians and Royals on Tuesday with Kansas City leading the Guardians in the middle of the fifth inning by a 2-1 score.

Paul DeJong’s two-run home run off Cleveland starter Gavin Williams put the Royals in front in the second inning. Cleveland cut into the KC lead with an RBI single from Lane Thomas in the fourth.

0:00
/
1:10
Keep Watching
Arne Slot: Anfield defeat to Nottingham Forest not the shock I thought it wasArne Slot: Anfield defeat to Nottingham Forest not the shock I thought it was

Williams struck out Bobby Witt Jr with two runners on base to end the top of the fifth. As soon as Cleveland’s defense walked off the field, grounds crews rolled out the tarp, and a delay began at 8:06 p.m.

Cleveland Guardians designated hitter David Fry celebrates after scoring on a RBI single from Cleveland Guardians right fielder Lane Thomas against the Kansas City Royals in the fourth inning. Joshua Gunter, cleveland.com

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Guardians reliever honored by Canadian baseball association
3 featured speakers set for 455 Club’s Hot Stove lunch
Guardians’ 2025 roster analysis: veterans, rookies and prospects — The week in baseball
bet365
BET $5, GET $150 BONUS
OR $1,000 FIRST-BET SAFETY NET
CLAIM OFFER
Promo Code: CLEXLM
GAMBLING PROBLEM? CALL OR TEXT 1-800-GAMBLER (AZ, CO, IN, KY, LA, NC, NJ, OH, VA) or 1-800-BETS OFF (IA). 21+ only (18+ in KY). Must be present in AZ/CO/IA/IN/KY/LA (select parishes)/NC/NJ/OH/VA. Deposit required. Paid in Bonus Bets. Bonus Bets wager excluded from returns. New Customers only. T&Cs, time limits and exclusions apply.

If you or a loved one has questions and needs to talk to a professional about gambling, call the Ohio Problem Gambling Helpline at 1-800-589-9966 or the National Council on Program Gambling Helpline (NCPG) at 1-800-522-4700 or visit 1800gambler.net for more information. 21+ and present in Ohio. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/08/guardians-game-vs-royals-enters-rain-delay-in-5th-inning.html 
 ----- 
