Skip to content
14°
Kansas City, MO
News
First Warn 5 Weather
Sports
KCTV5 Investigates
Regional Politics
Closings and Delays
Dismiss Closings Alerts Bar
Salvador Perez hits grand slam, drives in 6 as Royals sweep Guardians in doubleheader
Kansas City Royals' Salvador Perez (13) and Bobby Witt Jr., left, celebrate after a solo home run by Perez during the fifth inning of the second game of a baseball doubleheader against the Cleveland Guardians, Monday, Aug. 26, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Nick Cammett)(Nick Cammett | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Aug. 27, 2024 at 2:00 AM UTC

CLEVELAND (AP) — Salvador Perez hit a grand slam and drove in a career-high six runs as the Kansas City Royals completed a doubleheader sweep of Cleveland, beating the Guardians 9-4 on Monday night to pull within one game of first in the AL Central.

The Royals won the day game 4-3 as Bobby Witt Jr.’s 27th homer — and 11th since July 19 — snapped a tie in the eighth inning.

In Game 2, Perez hit a two-run homer in the fifth inning — after nearly striking out — and then connected for his sixth career slam in the sixth off Pedro Avila.

The nine-time All-Star catcher has 17 career multi-homer games, tying him with Hall of Famer George Brett for the most in Kansas City history.

Kansas City was nine games back in early July, but the Royals have chipped away at Cleveland’s lead by posting an AL-best 22-13 record since the break.

The Guardians, who have led the division since April 14, dropped to 0-8 in doubleheaders this season.

READ MORE: Royals Sal Perez drops into a neighborhood wiffle ball game: ‘God put me in the right spot’

Leading 5-4 in the sixth, the Royals loaded the bases and had a runner forced at the plate before Perez drove his 25th homer 457 feet into the bleachers. Perez’s shot tied him with Frank White for the most slams in Royals history.

José Ramírez had three doubles, giving Cleveland’s star third baseman two or more extra-base hits in 109 games to tie him with Tris Speaker for second in club history behind Earl Averill (135). Ramírez has also reached 30 homers, 30 doubles and 30 steals in a season for the second time.

Perez’s homer in the fifth came one pitch after he caught a break.

He fouled back a 3-2 pitch that catcher Bo Naylor appeared to snare before it hit the ground. But plate umpire John Tumpane looked into Naylor’s glove and noticed dirt on the ball, giving Perez new life.

With another chance, he pulled his 24th homer into the bleachers to give Kansas City a 5-4 lead.

Tumpane made the same call in the sixth, and this time Guardians pitching coach Carl Willis was ejected for arguing on behalf of reliever Pedro Avila.

Rookie Daniel Schneemann homered in the second game for Cleveland.

In the opener, Witt connected on a 0-1 pitch from rookie Hunter Gaddis (4-3), driving it 413 feet into the left-field bleachers.

The All-Star shortstop came in batting .417 since the break, the fourth-highest average (with at least 125 at-bats) in the second half since World War II. Only Ted Williams (.454 in 1957), Ichiro Suzuki (.429, 2004) and George Brett (.421, 1980) have hit higher.

It was just another noteworthy moment of many in 2024 for Witt.

“He’s always present,” manager Matt Quatraro said. “He doesn’t care what he’s done prior or what he’s going to do tomorrow. He’s going to be in that box and trying to beat you right there. Bobby’s a special player.”

READ MORE: Melendez, Witt Jr. hit homers as Royals beat Guardians 4-3 in first game of doubleheader

MJ Melendez belted a three-run homer and made a sensational catch in left field for the Royals in Game 1.

John Schreiber (4-3) worked 1 2/3 innings and Lucas Erceg put the tying run on with a walk in the ninth before getting his fifth save since coming to Kansas City in a July 30 trade from Oakland.

Reliever Nick Sandlin made his first major league start for Cleveland in the opener. The right-hander hadn’t started a game since his junior year at Southern Miss in 2018.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Royals: LHP Will Smith (back spasms) was placed on the 15-day injured list, one day after he allowed five runs in one inning against Philadelphia. Quatraro said Smith’s back issue has “been lingering for a while.”

Guardians: RHP Alex Cobb (broken fingernail) didn’t have any problems while throwing a bullpen session Sunday. He’s scheduled to throw live batting practice Tuesday. Cobb was acquired at the trade deadline from San Francisco.

UP NEXT

Guardians RHP Gavin Williams (2-6, 5.13 ERA) starts Tuesday against Royals RHP Michael Lorenzen (7-6, 3.47), who threw seven scoreless innings in his most recent outing.

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.

Mother mourns son killed in wildfires who was determined to protect his...
17-year-old paralyzed in crash while visiting friend in another state over...
Huis Leeg Te Halen
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Hoeveel kost het om een huis leeg te halen na een overlijden?
Roof flies off, crashes into neighbor’s home amid intense wind gusts
Mechanics ‘inadvertently’ taxi Alaska Airlines plane into ditch at airport, o...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
|
Sponsored
Wilt u een ligstoel waarin u kunt slapen, maar heeft u geen geld? Kijk!
Local Plan
|
Sponsored
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probee r deze truc van 5 seconden...
GlucoSerenity
|
Sponsored
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen...
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Windenergie besser als Elektri sche Energie? 
Door samenwerkingen en CO₂-reducti e-initiatieven speelt Eneco een leide...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk...
Go find you
|
Sponsored
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op basis...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Tot wel 13 kg gewichtsverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verba...
Waarom deskundigen speculeren dat SHAPE wel eens het einde van de...
consumer-review.eu
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Nederland: Koelkasten te koop, bijna gratis! Bekijk de prijs
WallStreet Viral
|
Sponsored
Nu zoeken
Vind matrassen van hoge kwali teit tegen geweldige prijzen
Matrassen | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Most Read
 Police seek man believed to have stolen Bass Pro firearm, boarded bus
 Chiefs set to take on Texans during Divisional Round at Arrowhead
 Platte County Sheriff’s Office seek witnesses of I-29 shooting
 Company behind ‘Jingle!’ holiday event hires bankruptcy lawyer
 ‘Just sickening’: Owners ask for answers after police shoot, kill dog
 ‘We are resilient’: Kansas City businesses call for change after overnight break-ins
 Kansas City Chiefs fans build snow arrowhead in their front lawn: ‘It’s our good luck charm’
 Totals drop by the thousands during Missouri’s alternative methods deer season
Latest News
KC Sports Tonight -- Mahomes ready for Chiefs-Texans, who should be a Royals Hall-of-Famer?
Report: Royals sign Kyle Wright to contract, avoiding arbitration ahead of 2025 season
 Royals Opening Day tickets available starting at $29
 Bobby Witt, Jr. marries high school sweetheart
Kansas City shortstop Bobby Witt Jr. tops pre-arbitration bonus pool at nearly $3.1 million
 Gordon, Davis, Beltran and others nominees for Royals 2025 Hall of Fame class
Gordon, Davis, Beltran and others nominees for Royals 2025 Hall of Fame class
Witt Jr., Kelce inspire leading sports-related dog names in 2024
News
Station Information
What's On
Our Apps
First Warn 5 Weather
Meet the Team
Watch Live
Job Connection
Sports
Advertise With Us
Aging & Style
Sign Up for Newsletters
KCTV5 Cares
Careers
Your House Your Home
KCTV
4500 Shawnee Mission Parkway
Fairway, KS 66205
(913) 677-7211
KCTV Public Inspection File
KSMO Public Inspection File
kim.edney@kctv5.com - (913) 677-7126
KCTV Children's Programming
KSMO Children's Programming
FCC Applications
EEO Public File Report
Closed Captioning/Audio Description
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Advertising
Digital Marketing
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 138 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.kctv5.com/2024/08/27/salvador-perez-hits-grand-slam-drives-6-royals-sweep-guardians-doubleheader/ 
 ----- 
