Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 963 partners
It's News:
Matthew Stafford wife
Jayden Daniels
Jason Kelce
Magic Johnson Commanders
Arch Manning
Deion Sanders
Tyson Fury Net Worth
Ryan Garcia
Pete Alonso
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Alcaraz - Nishioka
Meghan Markle
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
IShowSpeed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student Loan Debt
Social Security Benefits
SSI Income Limit
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
NFL
Bill Belichick slams NFL's new Kickoff Rules, claims they are destined to fail

The six-time Super Bowl champion isn't convinced the league's latest tweaks will improve the game

Belichick isn't buying the NFL's new Kickoff Rules(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 26/08/2024 - 20:20 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Papa Kelce vs. Twitter: Jason and Travis' dad slams 'Elon Musk's troll army' over undeserved ban
NFL. Tom Brady's big secret is revealed: Who will the NFL star vote for, Kamala Harris or Donald Trump?

Bill Belichick may have been shown the door by the New England Patriots after a dismal 4-13 season, but don't think for a second that the man's voice doesn't still carry weight in the NFL. When you've got six Super Bowl rings as a head coach-and eight in total-people listen when you talk football. And Belichick's not too keen on the NFL's new kickoff rules.

The NFL is shaking things up this year, rolling out new kickoff regulations they believe will not only increase the number of returns but also make the play safer. But if you ask Belichick, he's not buying what they're selling. He's been around too long, seen too much, to believe these changes will have the desired effect.

So what's all the fuss about? If you haven't caught any preseason action, here's the lowdown: the new rules are designed to encourage more returns by tweaking the spot of the ball on a touchback and giving teams a little more room to maneuver. Sounds good in theory, right? But as Belichick points out, there are some major flaws.

First off, moving the touchback spot to the 30-yard line from the 25 might sound like a decent deterrent, but for teams, the risk of a long return that could swing momentum-potentially even lead to a touchdown-isn't worth the gamble. And with rosters being as tight as they are on gameday, the last thing teams want is a costly injury on special teams. So, why not just blast the ball out of the end zone and avoid the headache altogether?

Belichick breaks down why NFL's kickoff experiment might fail

Belichick isn't just spitballing here. He's seen how teams handled these new rules during the preseason, and he wasn't impressed. According to him, teams were testing the waters, not ready to fully commit to kicking it deep. But make no mistake, when the regular season kicks off, don't expect him to put the ball in the hands of top returners like the Jaguars' Devin Duvernay or the Cowboys' KaVontae Turpin.

NFL's Dynamic Kickoff Rules explainedTwitter @JeffDarlington

The legendary coach has a simple fix: move the kickoff spot back to the 20-yard line. While he didn't go into specifics about whether he'd keep the other new rules intact, it's clear he thinks a little more distance would do the trick.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle...
Marca
Dodgers will...
Marca

In Belichick's eyes, the NFL might be better off scrapping the kickoff altogether and just handing teams the ball at the 25-yard line. And if a team's desperate to get the ball back in the final minutes? Make them convert a 4th-and-15 from their own 25 to keep the drive alive. Now, that's a challenge.

As the season opener looms, all eyes will be on the NFL's kickoff rule experiment. But don't be surprised if Belichick's skepticism proves right, leaving the league scrambling to clean up the mess when the new rules don't live up to the hype.

NFL - English
Bill Belichick - English
New England Patriots - English
NFLTom Brady reveals his current top 5 NFL QBs - Here's who made the cut
New England PatriotsTom Brady sends big warning to Drake Maye and new Patriots coaching staff in passionate rant
Washington CommandersNo Fun League? Commanders send legal warning as Drue Chrisman's social media stunt backfires
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Where to watch the Super Bowl...
Marca
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met di...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Groningen: Onverk ochte relaxstoele...
Local Plan
Senioren zweren bij deze verborge...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/2024/08/27/66cd29d0ca4741527c8b45a7.html 
 ----- 
