SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
UKRAINE BATTLE PAST GEORGIA TO CLAIM FIRST WIN OF NATIONS LEAGUE CAMPAIGN
Ukraine battle past Georgia to claim first win of Nations League campaign
Flashscore,
11.10.2024 20:57
Mudryk was the match-winner for Ukraine
Andrzej Iwanczuk/NurPhoto/Shutte / Shutterstock Editorial / Profimedia
Ukraine picked up their first points of the UEFA Nations League campaign, ending Georgia’s perfect start to Group B1 in the process with a 1-0 win in Poznan, Poland.

The Blue and Yellow had scored three times in the group despite their two defeats before tonight, and when Heorhiy Sudakov made space inside the box for his shot that bobbled wide, they certainly looked confident in front of goal again.

Soon after, a floodlight failure behind one of the goals at Stadion Poznan halted the match, however, the officials deemed it safe to continue after a delay of several minutes. The pause did nothing to hinder Ukraine’s momentum, as they dominated the territory but failed to test goalkeeper Giorgi Mamardashvili.

That was until the 35th minute, when Serhiy Rebrov’s side took the lead with the match’s first shot on target. Giorgi Kochorashvili got caught in possession in his own half, allowing Sudakov to send Mykhailo Mudryk on a mazy dribble to the edge of the box, where he unleashed a low drive to beat Mamardashvili.

Match stats
Flashscore

Georgia showed more attacking intent having conceded their maiden first-half goal in 10 UNL fixtures, but the best chance late in the half fell to Mykola Shaparenko, whose free header missed the target from a pinpoint Sudakov cross.

Two defeats at UEFA Euro 2024 were Georgia’s only losses of the calendar year before tonight, and Georges Mikautadze looked determined to preserve that record soon after half time as he shrugged off the Ukraine defence, but could only find the side netting with his strike.

Two minutes later, Willy Sagnol’s men were fortunate to still be one down, as a strong hand from Mamardashvili meant he wasn’t beaten by Mudryk from range for a second time.

Like their opponents in the first half, the Crusaders enjoyed the lion’s share of the ball in the second half, yet despite pressing well, they rarely troubled Anatoliy Trubin in the Ukraine goal.

They thought their prayers had been answered in the 89th minute when Zuriko Davitashvili’s deflected effort found the net, but Khvicha Kvaratskhelia was adjudged to be in an offside position in the build-up.

The Czech Republic’s win over Albania means Georgia now only lead the group standings on GD, as they still hope to become the first team to go from League D to League A in the UNL. A third win in their last nine gives Ukraine hope of avoiding back-to-back relegations in the competition.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Mykhailo Mudryk (Ukraine)

Check out the match summary with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Mykhailo Mudryk
Ukraine
Georgia
Related Articles
Wasteful Turkey seal narrow win over Montenegro to go top of Nations League group
11.10.2024 20:51
Late Dumfries goal snatches point for 10-man Netherlands against Hungary
11.10.2024 20:46
'Sure bet' Zubimendi can replace Rodri, says Spain's De la Fuente
11.10.2024 19:17
Show more
Football
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
8 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
8 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
8 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
10 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
10 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
12 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
12 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
14 h ago
RB Salzburg sack head coach Lijnders after poor first-half of season
15 h ago
Women's players to receive share of prize money for first time at Euro 2025
15 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Three Premier League talking points as Manchester City's crisis deepens
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/ukraine-georgia-report-2024-10-11/C8UHIenf/ 
 ----- 
