 MENU
My Picks
Ukraine vs Georgia Prediction - UEFA Nations League Picks 10/11/24
Home  SOCCER Picks
 Shane Mickle  October 10, 2024 5:58 pm
Georgia vs Ukraine
Game Info: Friday, October 11th at 2:45 PM ET
Betting Odds: Ukraine +225 / Georgia +125 -- Over/Under: 2.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds

In this article, we will formulate a Ukraine vs Georgia Prediction for this Nations League game on Friday, September 11th at Poznań Stadium. To formulate this prediction, we will examine:

-Ukraine’s recent form and recent player performance 

-Georgia’s recent form and recent play performance

HOT SOCCER CAPPERS
Dana Lane
W4/L1
+255 Units
Alex Smart
W1/L0
+100 Units
View All Cappers

-A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for today’s game between Ukraine and Georgia. 

Georgia Betting Preview

Georgia currently sits in 1st place in the group having picked up six points. Back in September, Georgia faced ff against Albania and they were able to secure the 1-0 victory. Giorgi Kochoraschvili scored in the 71st minute and that was enough for the win. Georgia had 51 percent of the possession and three shots on target. Saba Lobzhanidze is having a very good season in the MLS but he’s not traveling for this game and not having him is a big loss for Ukraine. 

Ukraine Betting Preview

Ukraine currently sits in 4th place in the group and they have failed to pick up e a point yet this season. Ukraine in the last game faced off against the Czech Republc and and the offense scored two goals but the defense gave up three and that led to the defeat. Ukraine had 59 percent of hte possession and five shots on target. Ukraine is getting some very good news as their best player is back for this game. Artem Dovbyk missed the games in september but he is healthy and will be good enough to go here. In this game Ukraine is going to need the defense to be good. 

Ukraine vs Georgia Prediction 

Ukraine’s offense hasn’t been the problem so far this season, it’s been the defense and it’s going to be no different in this game. Ukraine’s offense is going to get out to fast start, but their defense is going to be a problem again here. Look for both teams to really struggle to defend and this game is going to be a shootout. Look for 4 or 5 goals to be scored here, and the over is going to cash here. 

Shane’s Pick
Over
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: SHANE MICKLE
To Be Continued...

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/soccer-picks/2024-10-11/ukraine-vs-georgia-prediction-uefa-nations-league-picks 
 ----- 
