Home
Subscriptions
Newsletter Signup
E-Edition
News
Obituaries
Sports
Local Sports
State Sports
National Sports
Opinion
Editorials
Columns
Letters to the Editor
Community
Births
Engagements
Weddings
Anniversaries
Classifieds
Jobs
Local Public Notices
Georgia Public Notices
Services
Contact Us
About Us
 
 Log In Subscribe
Stallings hits go-ahead double, Arraez homers twice in Marlins’ 9-6 win over Braves

Published 9:57 pm Friday, September 15, 2023

by Staff reports

MIAMI (AP) — Luis Arraez homered twice and Jacob Stallings had two doubles, the second a go-ahead line drive with the bases loaded in the seventh, and the Miami Marlins beat the NL East champion Atlanta Braves 9-6 on Friday night.

In their first game since winning the division title Wednesday, the Braves lost star slugger Ronald Acuña Jr. after 7 1/2 innings because of right calf tightness. Acuña felt discomfort when he grounded into a double play to end the top of the inning.

Email newsletter signup
Sign up for our daily email newsletter

Jake Burger and Garrett Hampson each had two hits for the Marlins, who began Friday a half-game from the third NL wild-card spot.

Down 6-4, the Marlins rallied with a five-run seventh against relievers Pierce Johnson and Brad Hand (4-2). Arraez’s solo shot off Johnson cut it to 6-5. Jazz Chisholm Jr. hit a two-out single against Hand and scored from first on Hampson’s tying single to deep center. After Hand walked pinch-hitter Yuli Gurriel and hit Xavier Edwards, Stallings drove in three runs with a shot to the corner in left.

A.J. Puk (6-5) struck out three in 1 1/3 innings of relief for the win. Andrew Nardi pitched a scoreless eighth and Tanner Scott worked a perfect ninth for his ninth save.

The Braves erased an early four-run deficit and went ahead 6-4 on Ozzie Albies’ two-run single off reliever David Robertson in the sixth.

Albies completed a 10-pitch at-bat with a soft line drive up the middle that scored lead runner Orlando Arcia. Acuña sprinted home from first as he ran on the pitch and beat Chisholm’s throw to the plate.

Braves starter Bryce Elder settled down after a difficult first two frames and completed five innings of four-run ball. Elder gave up nine hits and struck out six.

The Marlins struck quickly with a three-run first. Arraez hit a leadoff homer, Bryan De La Cruz had a run-scoring single and scored on Jesús Sánchez’s RBI triple. Burger’s double preceded De La Cruz’s hit for a team cycle in the inning.

Burger made it 4-0 with a run-scoring single in the second.

Atlanta cut the deficit on Michael Harris II’s leadoff shot and Austin Riley’s RBI single off Miami starter Johnny Cueto in the third.

Sacrifice flies from Acuña in the fourth and Eddie Rosario in the fifth tied it at 4.

Cueto was lifted after four innings. The veteran right-hander gave up three runs and seven hits and struck out two.

SPECIAL NUMBER

Atlanta’s Matt Olson and Miami’s Jorge Soler, the clubs’ respective nominees for the 2023 Roberto Clemente Award, were allowed to wear jersey No. 21 in the tribute throughout the major leagues honoring the late Hall of Famer on Friday.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Braves: RHP Jesse Chavez (left shin microfracture) struck out the side in a perfect inning during his second rehab outing with Triple-A Gwinnett on Thursday.

Marlins: De La Cruz left after the third because of right ankle discomfort. … Soler (right oblique strain) hit off the machine for the second consecutive day Friday. … RHP Sandy Alcantara (right forearm flexor strain) continues to play catch and is being evaluated daily.

UP NEXT

Neither club has announced a starter for the second game of the series Saturday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

MORE NATIONAL SPORTS
Time running out on Braves’ playoff chances
Hurston Waldrep makes MLB debut
Braves rally for 5-4 win over Phillies on d’Arnaud, Riley homers and game-ending double play
Friday’s high school football scores
Print Article
Sections
Home
News
Community
Obituaries
Sports
Opinion
Services
Contact Us
About Us
Copyright
© 2025, Moultrie Observer
Thanks for being part of our community
Please enjoy three free articles
POWERED BY
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://moultrieobserver.com/2023/09/15/stallings-hits-go-ahead-double-arraez-homers-twice-in-marlins-9-6-win-over-braves/ 
 ----- 
