Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Braves' title streak 'something that is very special'
Share
Braves' title streak 'something that is very special'
September 15th, 2023

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman
Share

0:00

1:25

This story was excerpted from Mark Bowman's Braves Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

Bobby Cox and John Schuerholz formed the most successful general manager/manager (head coach) duo in professional sports history. During their first full season together in Atlanta, they won the first of 14 consecutive division titles.

Brian Snitker and Alex Anthopoulos are constructing a journey that mirrors that of their Braves predecessors. They have won six straight division titles dating back to their first season together in Atlanta.

• Braves postseason FAQ: What's next?

“I remember when we won the first one in 2018, I told John Schuerholz, ‘I don’t know how you won 14 of these, because it’s so hard to win just one,’” Snitker said. “Now, a lot of these core guys have won six in a row, which is something that is very special.”

Snitker and Anthopoulos enjoyed yet another champagne shower as the Braves claimed their sixth consecutive National League East title with Wednesday night’s win against the Phillies. The second-longest current streak is owned by the Astros, who are bidding for a third straight American League West title.

“It’s incredible,” Anthopoulos said. “You think six in a row and then remember those guys did 14 in a row. We’re in the moment now, but I think we still celebrate guys like John Schuerholz, Bobby Cox, [longtime CEO and chairman] Terry McGuirk, [former team president] Stan Kasten and all of those guys that went through that entire run. We’re not even halfway to what they did.”

It’s hard to imagine any major professional sports team will ever match the 14 straight division titles the Braves won from 1991-2005. But if looking for one team that could at least flirt with matching that streak, you might choose Atlanta.

Here are the current Braves locked up for a significant portion of this decade:

Players under club control through 2027: Sean Murphy, Michael Harris II, Spencer Strider, Matt Olson, Ronald Acuña Jr., Ozzie Albies ($7M option in 2026 and '27), Bryce Elder and Austin Riley
Through 2028: Murphy, Harris, Strider, Olson, Acuña ($17M club option), Elder and Riley
Through 2029: Murphy ($15M club option), Harris, Strider ($22M club option), Olson, and Riley
Through 2030: Olson ($20M club option), Riley (guaranteed through 2032 with a $20M club option for '33)

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

With Morton gone, could Braves add depth to rotation?

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

With that talented core together for the next few years, it's not unreasonable to think the Braves could extend their streak to a double-digit total.

Anthopoulos has repeatedly proven to be the perfect choice since he was brought in to run the baseball operations department after the 2017 season. He has made many good trades, signed some good free agents and developed a championship culture. All along, he has felt a responsibility to Atlanta as a whole.

“I think it’s a big deal,” Anthopoulos said. “It’s corny, but I do think it’s a responsibility of this job to represent the community. It's a source of pride. It brings everybody together. I know, that's been said before, but it's true. We can all argue and not agree, but one thing that can agree on is we love the Braves, we love the Falcons, we love the Hawks. So, that creates pressure in a good way for us to deliver for the fans. You know what it means to them and how important it is. … It brings community pride.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/braves-recent-division-dominance-mirrors-1990s-team 
 ----- 
