Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
Champions League
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Winners
Stats
Champions League
Jamie Carragher, Thierry Henry offer opinions on upcoming change to Champions League format

The CBS Sports analysts spoke during a Thursday media session

Henry (foreground) and Carragher (background) during a Champions League broadcast.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 14/09/2023 - 17:49 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Soccer. Soccer legends Jamie Carragher, Thierry Henry discuss USMNT stars in this season's Champions League
Soccer. CF Montreal's Miljevic caught playing in amateur league under alias, suspended for punching player

The 2023/24 UEFA Champions League's group stage begins next Tuesday, Sept. 19 -- and to mark the occasion, members of the US media were invited to a Zoom call previewing the action with Jamie Carragher and Thierry Henry.

Carragher and Henry enjoyed decorated playing careers before moving on to television in the United Kingdom and the United States. For the past two years, the pair has featured as part of CBS Sports' coverage of Champions League games in North America -- an arrangement set to continue even as Henry has taken a separate position as France's under-21s coach.

Getting excited for a historic Champions League

Carragher and Henry spoke about some of the top storylines from the upcoming group stage, including the potential for Cinderella stories from the debutants, like Union Berlin and Belgian champions Royal Antwerp.

"I think the story of the Champions League is a great story when you have teams like Union Berlin and Royal Antwerp," Henry said. "Obviously you'd like them to do well, but the story is already great, so I just hope they can add pages to the book and have a great campaign. It's going to be difficult, but to be in the Champions League from where they started is just magnificent."

This edition of the Champions League will be the final edition using the current "group" format. From next season, UEFA will increase the number of teams in the competition to 36 and put each team into one big "league." Carragher and Henry shared the thoughts on the radical departure from a recognized format, and how it will alter the competition in future seasons.

"As a player, I didn't really care what was in front of us," Henry said. "They don't ask you if you're happy with the rules before they change the rules, unfortunately for the players. So, you have to get on with it. For me, it doesn't change anything."

"I'm excited, because I think every Champions League game should mean something," Carragher added. "The best teams in the groups, the Pot 1 seeds if you like, normally have the group wrapped up in the first three or four games, and the last two games feel like dead rubbers. ... I think, with this format, it feels like every game will matter, and where you finish in that league table will determine who you play in the following round."

Carragher, Henry draw on experiences as players

Neither Carragher nor Henry are strangers to the big European night. Carragher, a central defender for 17 years, played a record 149 games in UEFA competition for Liverpool and won the Champions League with the Reds in 2005. Henry, the Ballon d'Or runner-up in 2003, scored 50 goals in 108 career games in the Champions League and won the competition with Barcelona in 2009.

When asked whether he would embrace the challenge a team like Newcastle faces this season -- being drawn into a "group of death" with PSG and Borussia Dortmund -- Carragher said he'd be elated to face elite teams right out of the chute.

"For me, I think that is a brilliant draw for Newcastle, I really do," he said. "I think the excitement, the nights at St. James' Park, the away trips for the supporters -- and they've still got a really good chance of getting through."

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
Prince Harry'...
Marca

Henry explained that he didn't care who was in front of him in the Champions League -- he just wanted to soak up the spotlight and demonstrate his ability on the biggest stage in the game.

"I'm just like Jamie. I wanted to play against big teams and big players," Henry said. "People will say 'you were playing for Arsenal and Barcelona,' but (when he played at) Monaco, we weren't the big team in Europe. We drew Manchester United (in the 1998 quarterfinals), everyone thought we were going to be (eliminated). We knocked them out."

Soccer
Champions League - English
Champions LeagueSoccer legends Jamie Carragher, Thierry Henry discuss USMNT stars in this season's Champions League
Morocco EarthquakeBrazil's Olympic team witnessed the earthquake in Morocco: We're scared, but we're fine
SoccerUSMNT beats a feisty Uzbekistan in Gregg Berhalter's first game back as coach
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai uit voorr...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/champions-league/2023/09/15/6503825be2704e70748b459a.html 
 ----- 
