SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Has the Three Brotherhood Alliance's Operation 1027 turned the tide against the military junta in Myanmar's civil war?
By Will Jackson with wires

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Wed 22 Nov 2023
Wednesday 22 November 2023
Has Video Duration: 7 minutes 28 seconds.
Watch 7m

Military analyst David Mathieson described Operation 1027 as "unprecedented".

abc.net.au/news/myanmar-junta-civil-war-three-brotherhood-alliance-1027/103130406
Link copied
Share article

An "unprecedented" surprise offensive launched by a coalition of ethnic-based armies and pro-democracy fighters in Myanmar's north has some observers convinced the country's ruling junta is likely to be defeated. 

While the war is not over, independent researcher and analyst Matthew Arnold said in an opinion story for The Irrawaddy, "its trajectory has shifted steeply in favour of the resistance". 

So what has been happening in Myanmar and has the tide really turned in the country's long-running civil war?

The Three Brotherhood Alliance's surprise operation

Aung San Suu Kyi was imprisoned by the junta after the coup and found guilty of what her supporters say are trumped-up charges. (AP: Aung Shine, file)

Myanmar has been in turmoil since the military ousted a government led by Nobel peace laureate Aung San Suu Kyi in a 2021 coup, ending a decade of tentative democratic reform and triggering widespread protests.

In various parts of the country, democracy activists have taken up arms alongside ethnic minority insurgents who have been battling for self-determination for decades.

On October 27, an alliance of ethnic minority groups launched coordinated attacks on military posts in northern Shan State bordering China and took several towns and border crossings, in a carefully and long-planned operation they called 1027, referring to the date the assault began.

The "Three Brotherhood Alliance", as the group is known, said its objective was "to safeguard the lives of civilians, assert our right to self-defence, maintain control over our territory and respond resolutely to ongoing artillery attacks and air strikes" by the junta.

It was also "dedicated to eradicating the oppressive military dictatorship", and committed to combating online gambling scam centres on the Myanmar-China border, which involve thousands of foreign workers, many against their will.

The Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army has focused on reclaiming the Kokang area in northern Shan State. (AP/The Kokang)

Military analyst David Mathieson told the ABC's The World program the attacks were "unprecedented" in scope, speed and the number of groups involved.

"I think it really took the Myanmar army by surprise and then that was quickly followed by other anti-regime forces throughout the country starting their own attacks," he said.

"So I think that this is probably the most dire situation the military's faced in many decades, probably since independence in 1948." 

China, which has significant influence in the area, had been pressing the junta to shut down the scam operations that target and enslave Chinese citizens, particularly in the Kokang Autonomous Region in northern Shan State. 

Some analysts and diplomats say it is unlikely the Operation 1027 offensive could have been carried out without China's blessing. 

Mr Mathieson said that given much of the operation took place along the Chinese border and that most of the groups were supplied by weapons from, or through, China, it was "inconceivable" the Chinese authorities were unaware of what was going on. 

"I think it is quite telling that the Chinese have expressed in a very passive-aggressive way, disappointment with the State Administration Council, with the Myanmar military junta, and basically given some form — we're not sure what colour it was — but some kind of colour-coded, go-ahead to this operation taking place.

"So that's something to watch very closely."

'The junta is vulnerable'

Though fighting has raged in multiple regions of Myanmar since the generals seized power in February of 2021, the scale of the new offensive represents the biggest military challenge to the junta's rule, stretching its forces on several fronts.

Mr Arnold told the ABC Operation 1027 showed for the first time the Myanmar military government could lose control of towns and large territories.

"This has shown that the junta is vulnerable and faces the potential of outright defeat," he said.

"Operation 1027 will escalate the wider revolution, which had already been unfolding across the country."

This month, Myanmar's military-appointed president, U Myint Swe, said the country was at risk of breaking apart.

"If the government does not effectively manage the incidents happening in the border region, the country will be split into various parts," he told a national defence and security council meeting.

The alliance comprises three groups with extensive fighting experience — the Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army (MNDAA) the Ta'ang National Liberation Army (TNLA) and the Arakan Army (AA).

The MNDAA's focus has been on reclaiming the Kokang area and its main city Laukkai — a major hub of cyberscam operations — which it controlled until 2009.

They were joined also by members of so-called people's defence forces, a loosely organised movement backed by Myanmar's parallel, National Unity Government (NUG).

The Three Bortherhood Alliance's surprise operation has captured a wide range of weapons and supplies from the military government's forces. (AP: The Kokang)

The attacks in Shan State were followed by the Arakan Army opening a front against the military in its base of Rakhine State on the west coast, despite a ceasefire agreed a year ago, and attacks by insurgents in Kayah state bordering Thailand to the east, and the Sagaing region and Chin State, bordering India.

Crisis Group senior advisor Richard Horsey said he was cautious about calling the operation a "turning point" but it was clearly a significant moment in the conflict.

"These are quite astonishing losses for the Myanmar military," he said.

"Some are as significant as any on the battlefield that they've faced in decades.

"Some of the strategic towns in northern Shan State, it's really significant that they felt they had to abandon those, and that speaks to their weakness.

"It also speaks to the strength and careful planning and coordination of the three political alliances who've been attacking those locations."

The Myanmar military, known as the Tatmadaw, has greater access to heavy weapons including aircraft, attack helicopters, artillery and missiles than the opposition forces. (AFP: Stringer)

What happens next?

While the junta has clearly been put on the back foot by the attacks, the analysts spoken to by the ABC were divided over where the conflict was likely to go from here. 

Mr Arnold said he believed the junta's forces would "collapse in waves across the country". 

"I don't foresee there being a large conventional battle for [the capital] Naypyidaw," he said.

"I believe that junta forces, already spread too thin and unable to form new units, will be overwhelmed across the country as the junta continues to lose towns and bases.

"Junta morale will collapse and along with it the institutional coherence of the military.

"Units will stop responding to orders or defect."

He added that there was likely to be a run on Myanmar's banks and this would increase pressure on the junta in major cities.

Mr Arnold said he expected the junta to escalate mass violence against the civilian population, which would create a challenging dilemma for the resistance.

"Ultimately,  however,  the junta is collapsing too quickly to reverse its fate," he said.

"Between mass armed resistance,  evaporating financial resources,  and diminishing support from regional neighbours, it is hard to see how the junta can regain any initiative."

It was also hard to see anti-junta forces accepting any kind of negotiation or ceasefire because of the scale and success of the resistance and the public support to be rid of the military, he said.

The military junta's brutal regime has faced continued civil resistance since the coup. (AP)

Mr Matheison said the future of the conflict remained unclear.

He said the junta was facing significant challenges on multiple fronts from multiple sophisticated insurgent organisations that seemed to be working well together.

"Where the challenge I think really is, is that this is a very asymmetric conflict," he said.

The Myanmar army had more technology, heavy artillery and air power on its side. 

However, they had taken significant causalities and didn't necessarily have the troop reinforcements to take back territory.

"So I think it's still too early to know where this is going," he said.

"But certainly what is clear is that the [anti-junta] resistance really have taken the initiative so far."

Furore over Australian A-League team's soccer match in Myanmar
Photo shows Soccer players in white and black stumble on the football pitch.

An Australian A-League team played a football match in war-torn Myanmar against the government's official travel advice, with some observers calling the move dangerous.

Mr Horsey said the events of the past few weeks had revealed the junta's military was "weak and overstretched" but that did not mean there was a clear pathway for its defeat.

"It's hard to see the Myanmar military as an institution collapsing or giving up or deciding it's had enough of this," he said.

"It's been doing it for 70 years, sometimes against worse odds.

"So morale is low, but that's different to the top brass just giving up."

He said there had been no evidence yet of mass defections of soldiers or senior leaders that could lead to the army's collapse.

He also could not envision the regime deciding to give up and sue for peace — negotiating a surrender or some other deal. 

"That's very hard to see because it's existential for those guys. They're all chained together in the boat on this one," he said.

"So I think they would be determined to fight on at all costs."

Unless it could mount a counteroffensive, he said, the regime may have to accept losing control of strategic border areas for the medium term.

The big test was whether the junta could reverse losses in other parts of the country, he said.

"If not, then we're into a whole new situation where they could start losing control of big chunks of territory, in lots of different places," he said.

"But if they are able to turn the tide then I think we're just into a phase of even more violent, nasty conflict, where they will use their typical approaches of indiscriminate attacks [on civilians and combatants], shelling and air attacks, in order to gain the upper hand."

ABC/Reuters

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Wed 22 Nov 2023 at 1:04am
Wednesday 22 Nov 2023 at 1:04am
, updated Wed 22 Nov 2023 at 2:14am
Wednesday 22 Nov 2023 at 2:14am
Related stories

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Fighting near Myanmar's border with China leaves thousands displaced
Photo shows landscape showing missile streak

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Dozens killed in one of the deadliest attacks on civilians since return of Myanmar military rule
Photo shows People search for bodies in debris at night.
Related topics

Army

Asia

China

Civil Unrest

Civil War

Defence Forces

Defence and National Security

Foreign Affairs

India

Myanmar

Territorial Disputes

Thailand

Unrest, Conflict and War

World Politics

Top Stories
FBI now believes New Orleans terrorist acted alone after initial plan to harm family

Topic:
Terrorist Attacks

Photo shows The governor of Louisiana walks with members of various law enforcement agencies down a New Orleans street.
Where is the economy headed this year? China and Trump could be key

Topic:
Economy

Australia's China studies sector once led the world, but is now 'in crisis'

Topic:
Academic Research

Man who died in Cybertruck blast was a decorated US soldier
IDF says it destroyed Syria underground missile factory before Assad fall

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Just In
12-year-old among dozens arrested in Melbourne robbery crackdown

Topic:
Crime

2m ago
2 minutes ago
UK quarry worker uncovers 150-metre 'dinosaur highway'

Topic:
Dinosaurs

8m ago
8 minutes ago
IDF says it destroyed Syria underground missile factory before Assad fall

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

16m ago
16 minutes ago
Man who died in Cybertruck blast was a decorated US soldier
9m ago
9 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-11-22/myanmar-junta-civil-war-three-brotherhood-alliance-1027/103130406 
 ----- 
