Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Cavs coach Kenny Atkinson's focus on relationships, communication is encouraging | Ulrich
Gannett
NATE ULRICH, AKRON BEACON JOURNAL
October 9, 2024 at 6:08 AM

CLEVELAND — As Kenny Atkinson prepared for his debut as Cavaliers coach, albeit in a meaningless preseason game his team lost 116-112 to the Chicago Bulls on Tuesday night, he listened to Bruce Springsteen tunes.

It's fitting because the new Cavs boss was “Born to Run,” as evidenced by how he has his team operating.

There's an emphasis on Cleveland's offense playing faster. It showed in the first half at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse, especially with the usual starting five deployed. Meanwhile, there's also a concerted effort being made to maintain the defensive identity the Cavs forged under the guidance of Atkinson's predecessor, J.B. Bickerstaff.

Cavaliers head coach Kenny Atkinson reacts in the first quarter against the Chicago Bulls, Oct. 8, 2024, in Cleveland.

But this is the most encouraging aspect of Atkinson's approach as he readies the Cavs for their Oct. 23 regular-season opener at Toronto: The coach knows it's vital to build relationships with players during his honeymoon phase because adversity will inevitably strike at some point. When it does, having a foundation of trust already established will be crucial.

“That's one thing I'm going to really hold myself accountable to as the season goes, keeping those relationships strong, keeping it going,” Atkinson said. “Maybe my first time through [as a head coach], it wasn't the greatest.

“I almost got almost too caught up in coaching, if that makes sense. Like, 'Man, coach the team. Make sure shootaround is perfect,' where maybe I think this time around, I'm going to shift it towards relationships. It's more important.”

Atkinson acknowledging his shortcomings in three-plus seasons at the helm of the Brooklyn Nets (2016-20) is positive because the Cavs are counting on him to improve and make a franchise-altering difference.

“When you get back in it [as a head coach], you want to be better than the last time,” Atkinson said. “So I definitely feel an energy, a good energy, with that.”

Kenny Atkinson, the new head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers, talks to the media, July 1, 2024 in Independence.

Coming off last season's 4-3 series win over the Orlando Magic in Round 1 of the playoffs and a 4-1 series loss to the eventual NBA champion Boston Celtics in the Eastern Conference semifinals, the Cavs chose to run it back with virtually identical personnel.

By opting for a level of continuity seldom seen in the NBA, the organization led by chairman Dan Gilbert and president of basketball operations Koby Altman is telling everyone it believes its roster decisions are correct and a coaching upgrade ought to prove the assertion with deeper playoff runs.

Whether Atkinson is actually better than Bickerstaff will be determined by postseason results amid a championship quest, yet the Cavs have certainly bet on him giving them a boost. What's crystal clear is they will be different in philosophy and style under Atkinson than they were with Bickerstaff.

Cavs coach Kenny Atkinson is interviewed during the team's media day, Sept. 30, 2024 in Cleveland.

The Cavs are looking to push the pace. They're looking to screen, move and cut more without the ball. They're looking to shoot more 3-pointers and sprint to spots to create opportunities for outside shots, especially within the first eight seconds of the shot clock. They're looking to use forward Evan Mobley more as a playmaker and ball handler to increase spacing when he's on the floor with center Jarrett Allen. They're looking to avoid becoming stagnant. They're looking to resist standing in the corners and waiting for chances to materialize from deep. They're looking to create fluid, efficient offense instead of it appearing at times to be a chore.

Still, Atkinson estimated defense has been the focus for roughly 60% of Cavs training camp thus far.

“We've got to lean on that. That's our strength,” Atkinson said. “It'd be a mistake if I come in here ... and say, 'OK. All of a sudden, we need to improve our offense, so let's just throw everything in that bucket.' It doesn't work that way.”

Three of the most interesting observations Cavs players have shared about Atkinson provide insight into what to expect from him when the real games begin.

Cavaliers head coach Kenny Atkinson reacts in the first quarter against the Chicago Bulls, Oct. 8, 2024, in Cleveland.

Allen, who played for Atkinson in Brooklyn, said the coach possesses “a certain way of doing things that aren't popular with the masses.” Think intense, passionate and demanding.

“He's a very energetic guy, and he's going to tell you how things need to be,” Allen said. “Sometimes I could see it coming off the hard way, but he's going to push you because I truly think he understands that everybody can become a better player.”

Small forward Isaac Okoro said Atkinson and his assistants explain their methods in ways players appreciate. An appetite for a different voice is something Altman cited while explaining why the Cavs fired Bickerstaff in May.

“[We're] working on specific things and [they're] telling us why we're working on it, not just going out there and just doing it because they say,” Okoro said.

Cavaliers head coach Kenny Atkinson reacts in the first quarter against the Chicago Bulls, Oct. 8, 2024, in Cleveland.

All-Star guard Donovan Mitchell revealed Atkinson gave players ownership of the huddle when he called a timeout in the preseason opener. The strategy forced the players to talk through what they were sensing on the floor.

“That first timeout was just quiet, and it's like, 'All right. What do y'all see?' I think that's something that really can help a group like us continuing to take that step,” Mitchell said. “It's going to be about communication, and I think that's something that's truly impressive.”

Cleveland Cavs injury news: Cavaliers starter Max Strus sidelined by injury during preseason opener vs. Bulls

Atkinson has noticed the camaraderie the Cavs have in the locker room, and he's already trying to capitalize on it. He has overseen players in the past who didn't get along the way this group does, so he wants to highlight the benefits of quality chemistry.

“If we can enjoy, compete our tails off and make our improvement, but really enjoy this process, this 82-game season we're going to go through, I'll tell you it's going to make my life [easier],” Atkinson said. “I'm going to sleep a lot better, and they're going to sleep a lot better.”

All of it sounds good right now, but how much fun the Cavs will really have hinges on whether they'll achieve their dreams with Atkinson.

More on Cavs in preseason opener: Cavaliers lose to the Chicago Bulls in coach Kenny Atkinson's Cleveland debut

Nate Ulrich can be reached at nulrich@thebeaconjournal.com. On Twitter: @ByNateUlrich.

This article originally appeared on Akron Beacon Journal: Kenny Atkinson emphasizes Cavs relationships in infancy of tenure

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
CNN
Prince Harry and Meghan make surprise appearance to comfort people affected by LA wil…
Associated Press
Sam Moore, who sang ‘Soul Man’ in Sam & Dave duo, dies at 89 due to surgery complicat…
Finance
NBC Universal
Chuck E. Cheese makes a comeback, with trampolines and a subscription program
Reuters
Location-tracking company Unacast tells Norway its data was hacked, broadcaster says
Food
Eating Well
17 easy and high-protein snacks for weight loss
Allrecipes
Betty Crocker just released 3 all-new baking mixes
Lighter Side
People
Uber driver's extensive list of car rules divides opinions: 'Gonna be at my destinati…
USA TODAY
Butter fingers: Couple crafts 1,000-pound sculpture that will melt your heart
News
CNN
‘Black boxes’ from crashed South Korean plane stopped recording about four minutes be…
Associated Press
Ukraine says it captured 2 North Korean soldiers fighting for Russia
Weather
Associated Press
With their Los Angeles-area homes still smoldering, families return to search the rui…
AccuWeather
Northeast faces snowy start to weekend with slippery roads, travel woes

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/cavs-coach-kenny-atkinsons-focus-100817202.html 
 ----- 
