Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Josh Giddey's Honest Statement After First Chicago Bulls Game
Chicago Bulls guard Josh Giddey played his first game with his new team.
Joey Linn | Oct 9, 2024
Chicago Bulls guard Josh Giddey (3) and Cleveland Cavaliers forward Georges Niang (20) at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse. / David Richard-Imagn Images
In this story:
Chicago Bulls
Cleveland Cavaliers

Chicago Bulls guard Josh Giddey was acquired from the Oklahoma City Thunder this offseason in a one-for-one player swap. It was two-time All-Defensive guard Alex Caruso who went to Oklahoma City in the deal, which made this a bit of a head scratcher for Chicago.

While Giddey has potentially untapped upside, several reports indicated Caruso could have landed Chicago multiple first round picks. That said, the Bulls are intrigued with what Giddey can do in a role where he has the ball in his hands more than he did in Oklahoma City.

Giddey played his first preseason game for the Bulls on Wednesday, tallying 11 points, seven rebounds, and three assists in 22 minutes of play.

Speaking after the game via Joe Cowley of Chicago Sun-Times, Giddey said, “First problem was the defense. [The Cavaliers] got easy looks, started making them. But the second problem was we’re trying to emphasize getting the ball up quick, get it up the floor, and didn’t do that the first 90 seconds of the game.”

Giddey added per Cowley, “I felt like after that timeout, we got back to who we are, what our identity is, what we’re trying to do, so slow start kind of happened. You can’t come out of the gates playing like that.”

Chicago pulled out a 116-112 win over Cleveland in this game. 

Related Articles

Steph Curry Joins LeBron James and Michael Jordan on Historic List After Olympics

Lonzo Ball Reveals Draymond Green's Trash Talk Message to Him

Chicago Bulls Guard's Honest Quote on DeMar DeRozan After Kings Trade

Published Oct 9, 2024
JOEY LINN

Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/bulls/news/josh-giddey-s-honest-statement-after-first-chicago-bulls-game-01j9sndhasdf 
 ----- 
