NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Yankees' Jazz Chisholm Jr. says Royals 'got lucky' in Game 2 win
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
October 08, 2024 - 9:45am
New York Yankees' Jazz Chisholm Jr. (13) reacts after hitting a solo home run against the Kansas City Royals during the ninth inning of Game 2 of the American League baseball playoff series, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024, in New York. (Seth Wenig/AP)
16 comments

As the ALDS shifts to Kansas City following the Royals' Game 2 win, New York Yankees third baseman Jazz Chisholm Jr. is still feeling pretty good about his team's chances of winning the series.

The 26-year-old, who was acquired from the Miami Marlins, knocked his first career post-season homer in New York's 4-2 loss and was asked after the game how different the series feels now that it's all square at 1-1.

"It still feels the same that we're gonna win it," Chisholm said. "I don't feel that anybody feels any different. We're gonna go out there and do our thing, still. We still don't feel that any team is better than us...

"We had a lot of missed opportunities tonight, so [the Royals] just got lucky."

BetMGM MLB Odds
October 9, 2024
VS
Moneyline
NYY
-350
KC
+270
Spread
-1.5
+310
+1.5
-450
Over/Under
O 0
0
U 0
0
Powered by

The Yankees have continued to come up short with runners on through two games of the series. In Game 1, they went 2-for-13 with runners in scoring position, and Tuesday, they went 1-for-6 in the same situations, leaving eight runners on base.

Despite New York's trouble with the bats, Kansas City's bullpen stepped up after faltering in Game 1. It allowed one run and four hits through five innings in relief of starter Cole Ragans.

"We scored six runs last night, tonight two. Had more opportunities than that to really make it a really big offensive night. Weren't able to do that," Yankees manager Aaron Boone said post-game. "Part of that is we're going up against one of the better pitchers in the league tonight.

"We made it tough on him, gave ourselves a chance, but couldn't break through with our bullpen. But that's where we've got to punch through."

Game 3 goes Wednesday from Kauffman Stadium, where the Royals will give the ball to All-Star Seth Lugo, and the Yankees plan to have Clarke Schmidt start the pivotal contest. You can catch all the action on Sportsnet 360 and Sportsnet+, starting at 7:08 p.m. ET and 4:08 p.m. PT.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Perez’s homer sparks four-run fourth inning, Royals beat Yankees to tie ALDS
Carpenter’s three-run homer off Clase lifts gritty Tigers to Game 2 win over Guardians
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/yankees-jazz-chisholm-jr-says-royals-got-lucky-in-game-2-win/ 
 ----- 
