Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cardinals Flamethrower One Outing Away From Breaking Incredible Franchise Record
The St. Louis fireballer is having a remarkable season
Nate Hagerty | Sep 26, 2024
Sep 22, 2024; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; St. Louis Cardinals relief pitcher Ryan Helsley (56) enters the game against the Cleveland Guardians during the ninth inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-Imagn Images / Jeff Curry-Imagn Images
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals

The St. Louis Cardinals have plenty to address this winter as the club looks to rebound from missing the playoffs for a second straight year but at least the bullpen should stay intact.

In a season full of inconsistent performances from key players, the Cardinals' relief core remained a reliable constant for the club -- ranking No. 7 in the league with a 3.62 ERA.

The bullpen's success this year couldn't have been possible without its leader, who has the chance to set a remarkable franchise record before the season ends.

Cardinals right-handed pitcher Ryan Helsley logged his No. 48 save of the season Wednesday night against the Colorado Rockies in a 5-2 victory, tying the franchise record for most single-season saves since RHP Trevor Rosenthal's 2015 performance.

One pitch and into the record books for Ryan Helsley!#ForTheLou pic.twitter.com/ENkA5gFrNl

— St. Louis Cardinals (@Cardinals) September 26, 2024

Helsley has logged a 7-4 record with a 2.07 ERA, 77-to-23 strikeout-to-walk ratio, .209 batting average against and a 1.10 WHIP in 65 1/3 innings pitched for the Cardinals this season.

The 30-year-old has been one of the most dominant relievers in the league, winning National League Reliever of the Month twice and being considered for NL Reliever of the Year.

The flamethrower was undefeated at home in 2024 and the Cardinals are looking forward to having him back in the bullpen next season. Helsley is under team control for one more year and will become a free agent for the first time in his career in 2026 -- if St. Louis doesn't extend his contract.

Considering the Cardinals have played in close games all year, there's a solid chance Helsley will get his chance to break Rosenthal's record -- four games left to play -- and establish himself as the franchise's single-season saves leader.

More MLB: Cardinals' Oli Marmol's Job Reportedly Could Be At Stake If New Leadership Takes Over

Published Sep 26, 2024
NATE HAGERTY

Nate Hagerty joined “Inside The Cardinals” as a content creator to spread knowledge about his favorite childhood team. A hometown native of Boston, Hagerty chose at an early age of six years old to follow the St. Louis Cardinals. The miraculous season of 04’ for the Red Sox did not deter Hagerty from rooting against his hometown team, nor did it in 2013 against the Red Birds. For all business/marketing inquiries regarding Inside The Cardinals, please reach out to Scott Neville: nevilles@merrimack.edu 

Home
/
St. Louis Cardinals News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/cardinals/st-louis-cardinals-news/cardinals-flamethrower-one-outing-away-from-breaking-incredible-franchise-record-nate3 
 ----- 
