Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Francona’s beloved scooter stolen, stripped as Cleveland’s manager gets ready to say goodbye to game
1 of 10 |  

Cleveland Indians manager Terry Francona leaves Progressive Field in Cleveland on his scooter on the scheduled day of the Indians’ home opening baseball game on March 26, 2020. Slowed by major health issues in recent years, the personable, popular Francona may be stepping away, but not before leaving a lasting imprint as a manager and as one of the game’s most beloved figures. (John Kuntz/Cleveland.com via AP)

Read More
2 of 10 |  

FILE - Cleveland Indians’ Carlos Santana, right, kisses manager Terry Francona’s head before Game 2 of baseball’s American League Division Series against the Boston Red Sox, Friday, Oct. 7, 2016, in Cleveland. Slowed by major health issues in recent years, the personable, popular Francona may be stepping away, but not before leaving a lasting imprint as a manager and as one of the game’s most beloved figures. (AP Photo/Aaron Josefczyk, File)

Read More
3 of 10 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona stands for the national anthem before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds on Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

4 of 10 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona, right, greets Bo Naylor (23), who returns to the dugout after hitting a home run against the Cincinnati Reds during the second inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

5 of 10 |  

FILE - Cleveland Indians manager Terry Francona leaves a news conference for baseball’s upcoming World Series Game 6 against the Chicago Cubs at Progressive Field in Cleveland, Oct. 31, 2016. Slowed by major health issues in recent years, the personable, popular Francona may be stepping away, but not before leaving a lasting imprint as a manager and as one of the game’s most beloved figures. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar, File)

Read More
6 of 10 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona tips his cap for the crowd following a tribute video before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
7 of 10 |  

A fan holds a sign that reads “Thank You Tito,” about Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona, before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

8 of 10 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona gestures following a tribute video before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
9 of 10 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona stands in the dugout following a tribute video before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
10 of 10 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona smiles following a tribute video before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
BY  TOM WITHERS
Updated 2:19 AM UTC, September 28, 2023
Share

CLEVELAND (AP) — Terry Francona made it to the home finale, his last managing the Guardians before retirement.

His beloved scooter didn’t get there.

Just hours before Cleveland sent off the popular manager, who is leaving baseball after 11 seasons with the club, with a 4-3 win over Cincinnati, Francona revealed that the celebrated motorized scooter he rode to and from Progressive Field for the past several seasons was stolen for the second time.

“The hog has been officially put on ice,” Francona said, using the pet nickname for his ride before Wednesday night’s game. “It got stolen again, but this time they stripped it.”

Francona said the two-wheeled vehicle was swiped about 10 days ago. It was first stolen in January but recovered by Cleveland Police.

“Been in mourning,” he said. “They got it in the clubhouse under a blanket. Looks like they took a baseball bat to it.”

The 64-year-old recently hopped on a substitute electric scooter, but the ride wasn’t the same. He veered out of the way to avoid hitting some pedestrians, caught a pothole on a cobblestone street near his downtown apartment and crashed.

RELATED STORIES
Having regained his health, Terry Francona excited to return to dugout with Cincinnati Reds
Carlos Santana returns to Cleveland on 1-year deal, first baseman's third stint with Guardians
Former Cy Young winner Shane Bieber returning to Cleveland Guardians on 1-year deal, AP source says

“I went over the handlebars,” he said, “I mean over. It’s amazing how much you can see of your life in that moment.”

Jokes aside, and it was fitting the moments before Francona’s finale included some light-hearted one-liners from him, the last home game in 2023 was a bittersweet celebration.

It’s hard for the Guardians and their fans to say goodbye to the longest tenured and winningest manager in the club’s 123-year history — one of baseball’s all-time characters.

Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week.

His departure will be a loss for baseball.

“For me, just to be here on his last home game means a lot,” said Reds manager David Bell, who has known Francona for decades. “The thing I know about Tito is that everyone who has ever worked with him loves him. I’m sure this emotional.”

Francona didn’t want a special ceremony for his final home game, but he relented to the team handing out 20,000 red “Thank You Tito” T-shirts.

“The most frustrating part is I can’t wear the T-shirt because it’s me,” Francona cracked beforehand. “I mean, it’s a nice T-shirt. I love it when we get free stuff, but I can’t wear it.”

Shortly before the first pitch, the team paid homage to Francona’s run in Cleveland with a touching video tribute that chronicled his deep connection with the franchise (his dad, Tito, spent six seasons as an outfielder with the Indians) as well as his managerial stint.

When it finished, Francona emerged from the dugout and tipped his cap at the cheering fans. He retreated for a moment before coming back out for a curtain call.

“I don’t remember a lot of it,” Francona said after the game. “I was kind of nervous.”

Francona wasn’t sure what kind of emotions he would be feeling as Cleveland said goodbye.

“Probably more uncomfortable than anything,” he said. “I know it’s a nice gesture, not dismissing that part of it. My joy is what I do every day and who I do it with.”

Francona, 13th on the wins list with 1,948, has battled serious health issues in recent years and wants to move on before the game beats him up further.

It’s time.

“It got harder,” said Francona, who came to terms with his future in July. “That’s why I’m going to shut it down. ... I’m going to go get my body patched up again for about the 80th time and I’m going to try to go get healthy and I’m in no rush.”

Francona insisted upon keeping the spotlight on his players during the season’s final month and he spoke with them before the series opener so they weren’t caught off-guard by anything in their final days together.

He’s been a beloved figure in Cleveland — and beyond.

“To be in this game that long and be respected and liked by everyone you have ever come across is amazing,” said Bell, whose father, Buddy, played with Francona and hired him as a coach. “From a player’s standpoint, I would love to play for Tito and I think most of his players do. To get the most out of your players but also to be well-liked by so many people, in this game that’s everything.

“An incredible career.”

Francona’s teams were always in the playoff hunt despite having one of baseball’s lowest payrolls. In 2016, the team came within one swing of winning their first World Series since 1948 before losing in seven games to the Chicago Cubs.

Before the finale, Francona reflected a bit on his managerial career, which began in Philadelphia in 1997 and ended after four years with his car’s tires being slashed on fan appreciation day.

Asked what he’d miss most, Francona said “easy answer is the people.”

And there’s that short ride home.

“It’s the greatest setup ever,” he said. “I don’t know too many places where after games, the police are either high-fiving or telling you, ‘Hey, just hang in there or cut around this car.’ I mean it, it’s been nice.”

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Beyond Text Generation: An AI Tool That Helps You Write...
Grammarly
:
Advertisement
New York City man lured immig rant women to sexually assault them, prosecutors say
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Black boxes from South Korea plane crash failed to record final 4 minutes, officials say
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Elevate Business Writi ng With This Deskto...
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Learn More
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Bloedsuiker uit balans ? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vand...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverz...
Met betaalbare autoverzekeringsmogelijkh eden die specifiek zijn afgestemd op de...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elekt rische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijzen zijn...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Senioren zweren bij deze verborgen ‘suike rhack’ die hun leven...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Former first lady Michelle Obama didn't attend the state funeral for former Presi...
AP News
New Orleans attack raises famili ar debate: Can Bourbon Street...
As New Orleans seeks to recover from the deadly, Islamic State-inspired truck attac...
AP News
Alleen vandaag in de uitverkoop:
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbr...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Unified commerce: Shopify and Google Cloud partner to stre...
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
A new book alleges that someon e at Fox News gave Trump's...
A forthcoming book alleges that someone inside Fox News gave Donald Trump’s pr...
AP News
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Ma...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Sandaya-campings bekroond door de...
Sandaya
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Pla...
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Tot wel 13 kg gewichtsverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazingwekkende Waarheid over SHAPE
consumer-review.eu:Advertisement
Meer informatie
3 ways to jump-start your path to the future of retail
CIO | Google & Shopify:Advertisement
Ontdek hoe slim je bent. Beantwoord 22 vragen en ontdek hoe hoog je IQ is.
WW IQ Test:Advertisement
BEGIN NU
5-sterrencamping en -glamping in het hart van de Sologne
Sandaya:Advertisement
Meer lezen
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/terry-francona-cleveland-guardians-mlb-reds-41be473ae2a9dbed65c1568d4a5ff692 
 ----- 
