Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Guardians give manager Terry Francona perfect send-off in his final home game, 4-3 win over Reds
1 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona, center, waves after the Guardians defeated the Cincinnati Reds in a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

2 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona, center, waves his cap to fans after the Guardians defeated the Cincinnati Reds in a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

3 of 13 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Elly De La Cruz, left, is tagged out at home by Cleveland Guardians catcher Cam Gallagher duirng the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

4 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona watches from the dugout during the seventh inning of the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

5 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona stands for the national anthem before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

6 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Shane Bieber pitches to a Cincinnati Reds batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

7 of 13 |  

Cincinnati Reds shortstop Elly De La Cruz throws to first after forcing out Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez at second base, on a double play hit into by Josh Naylor during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
8 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona stands in the dugout following a tribute video before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
9 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona tips his cap for the crowd following a tribute video before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
10 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona gestures following a tribute video before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. Although he hasn’t officially announced his retirement, Francona is expected to do so formally early next week. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

Read More
11 of 13 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Andrew Abbott pitches to a Cleveland Guardians batter during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

12 of 13 |  

Cincinnati Reds starting pitcher Andrew Abbott sits in the dugout after being removed during the third inning of the team’s baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

13 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians manager Terry Francona, left, laughs with bench coach DeMarlo Hale following a tribute to Francona before the team’s baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/Sue Ogrocki)

BY  TOM WITHERS
Updated 2:35 AM UTC, September 28, 2023
Share

CLEVELAND (AP) — As the Cleveland crowd chanted for him like never before, Terry Francona tipped his cap to salute their 11 years together.

This was goodbye. A perfect send-off.

Shane Bieber shut down Cincinnati for six innings and the Guardians sent Francona, their beloved manager, off with a victory Wednesday night in his final home game, a 4-3 victory that severely damaged the Reds’ playoff hopes.

After the final out, Francona, who is retiring after 23 seasons, two World Series titles and the respect of virtually everyone in the sport, stood in line like he always has to shake hands and high-five his players.

He briefly walked down the dugout steps before turning, and with the help of a gentle shove from All-Star third baseman José Ramírez, Francona went back on the field to soak in an ovation to remember.

“Ti-to!” Ti-to!” they screamed.

“I was really touched,” Francona said. “I guess what I’m just trying to convey is the 11 years here are what is the best part. It’s not like the last day. It’s everything that I lived through here with the people that I was with and that’s what I care about.”

RELATED STORIES
Former Cy Young winner Shane Bieber returning to Cleveland Guardians on 1-year deal, AP source says
Guardians trade Gold Glove 2B Andrés Giménez to Blue Jays, get RHP Luis Ortiz in deal with Pirates
Shane Bieber says bonds led to re-signing with Guardians after he missed '24 following elbow surgery

Bieber (6-6) limited the Reds to one run and five hits in just his second start since July 15 — and maybe his last for Cleveland. The right-hander missed more than two months with elbow inflammation, one of several key injuries that contributed to the Guardians not defending their AL Central title.

The Reds are in danger of missing the postseason as well. But they got some help as Chicago lost 6-5 in 10 innings to Atlanta, keeping Cincinnati within 1 1/2 games of the Cubs and Miami for the third NL wild card spot with just three games left.

The Guardians strung together five straight hits in the second inning off Reds starter Andrew Abbott (8-6), who didn’t get out of the third inning. Tyler Freeman and rookie Brayan Rocchio had RBI singles in Cleveland’s second.

Down 4-1, the Reds rallied with a pair of runs in the eighth off reliever Trevor Stephan. Pinch-hitter Nick Martini and Jonathan India hit consecutive doubles and Spencer Steer’s RBI groundout brought Cincinnati within one run.

Cleveland’s Emmanuel Clase worked the ninth for his MLB-best 43rd save. The right-hander got a big assist from right fielder Ramón Laureano, who threw out Noelvi Marte trying to stretch a single into a double.

Francona was honored before the game with a video tribute that chronicled his long tenure in Cleveland, a run that actually began in his boyhood as his dad, Tito, played six seasons as an outfielder with the Indians.

Never wanting the spotlight on anyone but his players, Francona said the image of his father brought out emotions he tried to contain.

“It was really touching,” Francona said. “I know I’m not the smartest person in the room by far, but I was smart enough to pick a place where I believed in the people and that only grew. Anybody that’s ever spent 10 minutes with me knows how much I like it here.”

The 64-year-old Francona has been slowed by major health issues in recent years, and he made the decision to step away after a tough, two-month stretch earlier this season.

He’s the winningest manager in Cleveland history, 13th on the career list and his two titles — along with a memorable run in 2016 with the Guardians that came just short — all but guarantee enshrinement in the Hall of Fame.

He’ll cheer for the Guardians, just not from the dugout.

“I’m going to be rooting like hell for these guys,” he said. “Might be in a rocking chair or something, hopefully, on a golf course. But I will never not root for these guys. I love these guys, man. This has been 11 years of good.”

Cincinnati needed this win. Bieber didn’t cooperate.

The 2020 AL CY Young winner was dialed in, pitching like the staff ace he’s been for years in Cleveland and could be elsewhere going forward. He walked none and struck out seven in one of his most efficient starts this season.

The Guardians were likely going to trade him before the deadline if Bieber hadn’t gotten hurt and shut down, and Cleveland’s front office may pursue a deal this winter before he enters his final arbitration eligible season

While Bieber was thrilled to make it back from injury, he was also grateful to be able to send Francona off on such a high.

“He deserves everything and more,” Bieber said “Everything he got tonight and then some. He’s got a lot to hang his hat on, to be proud of. Everything, all the praise, all the things that he’s able to look back on and cherish, it’s well earned. Well deserved.”

CROWD CONTROL

The Guardians drew 1,834,068 fans in 78 dates at home in 2023, a 41.5% jump in attendance from last season. It’s their highest total since 2019 (1,926,701).

One of the biggest driving forces behind the increase was the team’s monthly ballpark pass. The $49 ticket gave fans a standing-room spot for every home game in that particular month.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Guardians: Rookie INF Gabriel Arias will miss the final four games with a small, non-displaced fracture in his right hand. Arias showed signs of being a productive hitter — there are no concerns about his defense — in the final month. Francona said the break was small, and if it was earlier in the season he would have kept playing.

UP NEXT

Reds: Off Thursday before a three-game series to end the regular season in St. Louis. Rookie RHP Connor Phillips (1-0, 5.66 ERA) starts the opener against RHP Jake Woodford (2-2, 5.09).

Guardians: Following a day off, Cleveland begins a three-game, season-ending series in Detroit with RHP Cal Quantrill (3-7, 5.13) facing LHP Joey Wentz (3-12, 6.45) on Friday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Black boxes from South Korea plane crash failed to record final 4 minutes, officials say
Learn How To Write Faster for Work (Find...
Grammarly
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn' t attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
West Virginia care facili ty staff members charg ed in death of patient left in scalding hot ba...
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexu al abuse charges
New Orleans attack raises famili ar debate: Can Bourbon Street...
As New Orleans seeks to recover from the deadly, Islamic State-inspired truck attac...
AP News
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Elevate Business Writi ng With This Deskto...
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Learn More
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Bloedsuiker uit balans ? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vand...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbrandt je...
Hoe duizenden tevreden gebruikers hun gewichtsverliesdoelen sneller hebben...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Senioren zweren bij deze verborgen ‘suikerhack’ die hun leven verande...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Black Deals: The North Face tot -50%* in de uitverkoop.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Is jouw IQ hoger dan het gemiddelde in Nederland (102)? Ma...
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Verwijder ouderdoms vlekken met deze weinig bekende Ned...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
New York City man lured immigr ant women to sexually assault...
New York City prosecutors say a man lured immigrant women in the city’s...
AP News
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontd ek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Duurzaamheid in data centers: hoe staat het ervoor?
Lees meer op Techzine
Advertisement:
Smooth scaling for peak retail performa...
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
Wat is het beste midd el tegen ouderdomsvl ekken? je zal verrast...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Seeing around corners : Personalization Seein g around corners: Pe...
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
5-sterrencamping en -glamping in het hart van de Sologne
Sandaya
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Verisure®:Advertisement
Ontvang bod
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag - Adidas tot -33% korting.
Limango:Advertisement
Nu winkelen
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/reds-guardians-bieber-17aa55ff192a50ff7fed7af7ae9c6af6 
 ----- 
