Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Philadelphia Phillies
Philadelphia Phillies clinch NL wild-card, head to postseason for second straight year

One year after their World Series appearance, the Phillies will try to make post-season magic happen once again. Philadelphia beat the Pittsburgh Pirates at home (3-2).

Philadelphia Phillies' Bryce Harper celebrates with teammates after their win in a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot.LAPRESSE
LAPRESSE
26/09/2023 - 23:12 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Brewers celebrate 3rd NL Central title in 6 seasons despite loss to Cardinals
MLB. Orioles Legend Brooks Robinson passes away at 86, what was his cause of death?

Bryce Harper extended his arms as wide as they could stretch and waited for his jubilant Phillies teammates to sock him in the midsection with bottles of bubbly that had been turned into super soakers.

J.T. Realmuto used his teeth to gnaw off plastic that enveloped a box of cigars, ready to light the official accessory of any good clubhouse bash. Garrett Stubbs stripped one strap down on his Phillies overalls and danced a few songs away with Brandon Marsh and Nick Castellanos.

There is no wrong way to celebrate a clinch, of course, and the Phillies had plenty of practice with postseason parties after enjoying three of them last year on the way to the World Series.

But perhaps the most delightful look belonged to 68-year-old team owner John Middleton. He stood on the soggy carpet in a drenched Phillies hat, T-shirt and shorts. And in his bare feet, the owner who once vowed he would spend "stupid money" to make the Phillies winners again had something else he wanted to say:

"I think we're a better team this year than we were last year," he said.

The Phillies put the National League on notice they are ready for another run at the World Series after a 10-inning, 3-2 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night.

The Phillies also clinched the top wild-card seed and will host all games in the second year of the NL wild-card series. Game 1 is Tuesday at Citizens Bank Park.

"We have such a great team and a great group," Harper said. "We couldn't do this without every single guy in this clubhouse."

That includes outfielder Johan Rojas and reliever Jeff Hoffman, two players who weren't even on the opening day roster. Rojas won the center-field job and won the game with an RBI single that scored pinch-runner Christian Pache. Hoffman has turned himself into a trusted late-inning reliever and earned the win with a scoreless 10th.

Rojas' single off reliever David Bednar (3-3) set off a wild celebration that quickly carried into the clubhouse. "Phillies CLINCHED Wild Card" flashed on the scoreboard and the team's official postseason song "Dancing On My Own" was cranked to full volume.

"I think the memories created with the song on the run we had has real," Castellanos said. "I also think the city being able to be in on the song was also real. To be able to clinch and put it back on and have the city get just as excited as us means it's real. And real is beautiful."

The Phillies will try to make another World Series run

The Phillies were poised for another wild clubhouse bash after clinching series victories in the NL Division Series and NLCS at home last season. They lost the World Series to Houston in six games last year and carried the weight of unfinished business into this year.

They just had to wait.

Brandon Marsh homered for the Phillies and Harper added a sacrifice fly for a 2-0 lead in the sixth.

Pittsburgh's Bryan Reynolds hit a solo shot in the seventh off Phillies starter Aaron Nola and Henry Davis hit one off All-Star closer Craig Kimbrel that tied the game at 2 in the eighth.

Rojas bailed them out for the Phillies first clinching win on a walk-off since 1920.

The Phillies celebrated their first clinch of a postseason spot at Citizens Bank Park since Sept. 18, 2011, when they won their fifth straight NL East title.

A decade of lean years followed, but Harper's celebrated arrival in 2019 helped usher in excitement, enthusiasm for the future and eventually the postseason. The Phillies added free-agent shortstop Trea Turner this season and his second-half surge propelled the Phillies to the wild card.

No doubt, the ballpark will again rock as it did last October. Phillies manager Rob Thomson said a rival coach told him during the playoffs that a game in Philly was "four hours of hell." The Phillies won their first six home playoff games last season, setting the tone for what they called Red October.

Thomson earned laughs in the aftermath of last season's wild-card clinch. Thomson went to take a swig out of his bottle of bubbly and - doink! Much to the delight of fans who saw the video on social media, the cork was still inside.

"I didn't know that anybody knew until I got back in my office and my daughter texted me," he said ahead of Tuesday's game.

Thomson joked he learned his lesson and was ready to uncork before he took a swig.

His bottle was open Tuesday when he addressed the team in the clubhouse before the real celebration began.

"This is just the start," Thomson said. "This team is built for where we're going. Getting there is the tough part. Now we've got to finish this thing off."

Nola, set to enter free agency, tipped his cap

Nola is Philadelphia's longest-tenured player and had earned the win in last season's wild-card clincher against Houston. Nola struck out eight Pirates and reached 200 for the third straight season. Nola, set to enter free agency at the end of the season, tipped his cap as he walked off the mound to a standing ovation after he fanned eight in 6 2/3 innings.

Mitch Keller shook his arm after pitch, left injured

Pirates starter Mitch Keller tried to play spoiler by taking a no-hitter into the sixth. But on the first pitch of the inning, Keller threw one high and outside and shook his right arm. The training staff came out and Keller tossed a few warmup pitches. On the second pitch, Marsh took him deep for his 11th homer of the season. He still struck out six and has 210 on the season, a franchise record (since 1887) for most by a right-handed pitcher.

"You don't get that number unless you're really consistent throughout the year and Mitch has been really consistent," Pirates manager Derek Shelton said.

Phillies' star Rhys Hoskins unlikely to come back in post-season

Phillies 1B Rhys Hoskins remained a long shot to make the postseason roster as he recovers from a torn ACL in his left knee. Thomson said Tuesday that the slugger still is not likely to be get cleared and activated ahead of the World Series.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

UP NEXT

The Pirates send RHP Johan Ovedo (9-14, 4.12 ERA) to the mound against Phillies LHP Ranger Suarez (4-6, 3.89 ERA).

MLB - English
Philadelphia Phillies - English
Pittsburgh Pirates - English
Atlanta BravesRonald Acuña Jr. ignites the field, ties legendary Ty Cobb MLB record
New York YankeesFans boo Stephen A. Smith as he bounces first pitch at Yankee Stadium
MLBStephen A. Smith regrets performance after his bad first pitch at Yankees game
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/philadelphia-phillies/2023/09/27/6513ab7a268e3e26468b4574.html 
 ----- 
