Skip to main content
Home
Reds
Bengals
FC Cincinnati
UC
Xavier
SportsbookWire
Kentucky
Ohio
Shortstop or outfield? What Cincinnati Reds should do with Elly De La Cruz in 2024
JASON WILLIAMS ,  GORDON WITTENMYER   Cincinnati Enquirer

Welcome to Wittenmyer & Williams – a weekly point/counterpoint column from Enquirer Reds reporter Gordon Wittenmyer and columnist Jason Williams. Today, they debate what the Reds should do with Elly De La Cruz in 2024.

Williams: Man, tough news for the Reds to not get Matt McLain back for the final week of the playoff push after he hurt himself again.

Wittenmyer: Yeah, he was their best player before he got hurt in August. And another big part of that loss is that it means you have to lean on Elly De La Cruz harder than you wanted to the rest of the way.

Williams: What are you talking about? This is the most exciting young player in the game who belted two homers in a must-win game in Cleveland on Tuesday.

Wittenmyer: What, have you been living in a cave since the All-Star break? De La Cruz might have been the most exciting player in the game for five weeks, but he’s been almost a no-show since then, especially down the stretch in September. One game doesn’t make up for half a season.

Williams: I said the most exciting young player in the game. That fact hasn’t changed despite the slump. What are you saying? That you would’ve benched him?

Wittenmyer: Yes. That’s exactly what I’m saying. De La Cruz has struggled even on routine plays at shortstop as much as he has slumped at the plate. Maybe he’s just wearing down, but it’s long past time for him to sit more often. McLain would’ve been a better, more reliable option at the plate.

Williams: If that’s a problem, it’s not going away anytime soon. If the Reds are serious about building off this year, then EDLC is the Opening Day shortstop in 2024.

Wittenmyer: Do you even have a TV in that cave to watch these games? Noelvi Marte right now is a better shortstop than De La Cruz has been the last two months.

Williams: I watch or listen to every game.

Wittenmyer: Well, then watch, listen and learn from this: The Reds’ best lineup next year has De La Cruz in the outfield.

Williams: Wait, what?!?!

Wittenmyer: That’s right. Maybe center field to start the season, and then eventually putting that powerful arm in right field.

Williams: You’re ready to give up on this guy? He’s been in the big leagues for less than four months. In June, De La Cruz was the hottest prospect in baseball as a shortstop. He’s 21 years old. Six months ago, there were questions whether he would even make his big-league debut this season. He still has the highest ceiling of anyone on the team.

Wittenmyer: Look, I’m not giving up on him at all. He’s got a chance to be a great player for a long time. But this team already has better options at shortstop. They’ve got another one coming fast in Double-A, Edwin Arroyo. De La Cruz’s best future is in the outfield, and the sooner the better for the Reds’ best chances to contend.

Williams: De La Cruz has the strongest arm of any infielder in the game.

Wittenmyer: Imagine what he can do with it in the outfield.

Williams: With his length and speed, he also may have the best range of any shortstop in the game.

Wittenmyer: Imagine the ground he can cover in the outfield.

Williams: You just don’t give up on a guy with those tools at one of the most important positions after a few months. You just don’t do it.

Wittenmyer: Nobody’s giving up on this guy. But I’ve seen enough at short. They’ve got an abundance of infielders, including better shortstops. This guy would be an impact player in the outfield. And taking him off the rigorous shortstop position might help keep him fresher at the plate.

Williams: So the left side of your infield is Marte at third and McLain at shortstop?

Wittenmyer: Yeah. What’s your infield look like if De La Cruz is at short?

Williams: Marte at third, De La Cruz at short, McLain at second and India at first.

Wittenmyer: Wait, what?!?! Where’s Votto? Where’s Christian Encarnacion-Strand?

Williams: Votto will be driving the bus. CES will be at DH, rotating with India between there and first base.

Wittenmyer: Wow. I hope nobody hits a ball into your outfield unless it’s right at TJ Friedl.

Williams: I’m not worried about that. Friedl in center and Spencer Steer in left are solid. In my scenario, the Reds can add an outfielder in the offseason to go with Jake Fraley and Will Benson.

Wittenmyer: Save the money on the extra outfielder. Put the impact kid out there and use the savings to pay that bus driver to grab a bat for one more year. There’s your 2024 NL Central champ.

Williams: Who’s going to drive the bus then?

Contact Gordon at gwittenmyer@enquirer.com or on Twitter @GDubMLB. Reach Jason at jwilliams@enquirer.com or @jwilliamscincy. Listen to their “The Big Pod Machine” podcast on Apple Podcasts and other listening platforms.

 
 
Help
Terms of Service
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Accessibility
Our Ethical Principles
Responsible Disclosure
Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright Gannett 2025
About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cincinnati.com/story/sports/mlb/reds/2023/09/27/what-reds-should-do-with-elly-de-la-cruz-2024/70975715007/ 
 ----- 
