Skip to content
Subscribe Now
34°F
Sunday, December 29th 2024

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNews
Fans rush Empower Field during Mexico-Uruguay soccer match, 6 arrested for trespassing
A seventh person was arrested for causing a disturbance, according to the Denver Police Department
A security guard tackles a pitch invader at Empower Field at Mile High Stadium in Denver on Wednesday, June 5, 2024. (Photo by Zachary Spindler-Krage/The Denver Post)
By LAUREN PENINGTON | lpenington@denverpost.com
UPDATED: June 6, 2024 at 4:10 PM MST

Six people were arrested for trespassing Wednesday night as fans rushed the pitch at Empower Field during a soccer match between Mexico and Uruguay.

The international friendly soccer match ended early in the 89th minute after several fans invaded the field and fights broke out in the crowd, almost entirely made up of Mexico supporters disappointed by their team’s 4-0 loss to Uruguay.

Denver police officers arrested six people on suspicion of trespassing the field after the game, two of whom were teenagers, police department spokesperson Jay Casillas said in an emailed statement to The Denver Post. Officers also arrested one person for causing a disturbance.

Casillas said multiple fights and disturbances were reported Wednesday night, but an exact number was not available.

It’s not clear how many fans rushed the field and weren’t arrested, or the motives of the fans invading the pitch, he said.

“It appears that they only were able to enter the field and then ultimately get caught by event staff at the stadium,” Casillas said.

Stadium officials did not respond to multiple requests for comment.

RELATED ARTICLES
Jamal Murray responds to critics after 34-point game: “I just let people talk. That’s what they do best.”
Broncos stock report: Jaleel McLaughlin makes most of 14 snaps vs. Bengals. But should he have had more?
Coach Tulo: Rockies star Troy Tulowitzki took his baseball passion to Texas
Avalanche Journal: Colorado’s new goalie tandem has zero combined playoff starts. Does that matter?
Nuggets Journal: How clutch is Denver’s offense in crunch time? Take a GOLP and find out

The last time Mexico played soccer at Empower Field — during the 2021 CONCACAF championship match against the United States — five people were arrested and one attendee was banned from stadium after throwing an object that injured an American soccer player. Several others were ejected due to violations of the fan code of conduct, stadium officials said in 2021.

During the championship match at Empower, play was halted after homophobic chants from the crowd rang out in the stadium. The same chants had started during the semifinal match three days prior between Mexico and Costa Rica.

Sign up to get crime news sent straight to your inbox each day.

Originally Published: June 6, 2024 at 12:25 PM MST
Around the Web
If You're Over 65, Try This Instead of Gutter Cleaning (It's Genius)
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Drive Safer at Night With Headlight Glasses in Washington
Ribili
4 Foods Linked to Memory Loss (Avoid)
Primal Health
Discover The $59 Smartwatch Testing Blood Sugar Quickly and Painlessly in Washington
Shirem
60-year-old Grandma Creates The Perfect Bra for Women Everywhere
Yifare
Brighten Up Your District of Columbia Dining Room With a Cordless Table Lamp
Ribili
Nighttime Driving Feels Just Like Day With These Glasses
Ribili
Doctors Recommend: This 100% Leakproof Underwear is Taking Us by Storm
Grishay
Discover This Bird Lamp That You Can Easily Carry With You at Night
Ribili
Get The Perfect Nail Clipper Designed for Seniors by an Engineer
Ribili
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
The Worst City in America is Found in District of Columbia
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive Dyskinesia
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Always Place a Toilet Paper Roll Under the Toilet Seat at Night, Here's Why
Sogoodly
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
Three Banks in Washington May Now Offer 12% Interest on Savings - Take a Peek Now!
Savings Accounts
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Hepatitis C is Silent but Deadly - Click Here to Read Symptoms
Hepatitis | Search Ad
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Anyone With Tooth Decay Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
The Daily Survivor
Container Houses in Washington for Almost Nothing - Peek Inside!
Shipping Container Homes
Dog Growls at Wall Until Dad Smells Something Strange and Rips It Down
novelodge
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
What Causes Myelodysplasia - You Will Be Really Shocked!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
These Cars Will Last 250,000 Miles - is Yours on This List
beachraider
Clearance Diamond Rings at Unbelievable Prices – Click to Save!
Diamond Rings
Recognize Crohn's in Women: Key Symptoms You Should Know!
Crohn Disease
These Five Products Will Cure Your Alzheimer's - Check Out!
Alzheimer's Treatment
Shocking Advances in Bipolar Treatment – Don’t Miss This!
Bipolar Treatment
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Your Heart Valve is Failing You - if You Have These Signs!
Heart Failure
Profitable Rentals for 2025 – Find Your Ideal Apartment Today!
Apartment Rentals
Beach Goers Turn Pale After Seeing Odd Objects in The Water
starsaremade
Recover Your Joints: Try This Trick Before Bed (Eliminate Joint Pain)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Neuropathy? When the Nerve Pain Won't Stop, Do This
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Seniors Pay Half the Price for an Oil Change: Many Don't Know!
Oil Change
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Broncos stock report: Jaleel McLaughlin makes most of 14 snaps vs. Bengals. But should he have had more?
New passenger rail service from Denver to Colorado’s northern mountains would revive a line lost to history
Keeler: CU Buffs, Deion Sanders humbled by BYU Cougars in blowout Alamo Bowl loss
Broncos’ playoff hopes on hold after Sean Payton played for overtime and Denver faltered late in 30-24 loss to Bengals
End of Jefferson Parkway dispute could breathe new life into beleaguered highway proposal
Man dies after fight outside south Aurora home
Fort Collins man arrested for attempted murder after road-rage shooting
Littleton homebuilder auctioning off multimillion-dollar Star Wars collection
We Don’t Waste continues to grow. So does the need to help people who are food-insecure.
Avalanche Journal: Colorado’s new goalie tandem has zero combined playoff starts. Does that matter?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Body found in wheel well of plane from Chicago to Maui
How Diddy and Luigi Mangione spent Christmas in Brooklyn jail
Massive invasive python is freed into the Palm Beach County wilderness. Here’s why
‘Baby Driver’ actor Hudson Meek dead at 16
Pregnant woman stabbed multiple times by pizza deliverer disgruntled about tip, sheriff says
MORE IN SPORTS
Keeler: CU Buffs, Deion Sanders humbled by BYU Cougars in blowout Alamo Bowl loss
Broncos stock report: Jaleel McLaughlin makes most of 14 snaps vs. Bengals. But should he have had more?
Broncos’ playoff hopes on hold after Sean Payton played for overtime and Denver faltered late in 30-24 loss to Bengals
Michael Malone “disappointed” after Nuggets survive late comeback from Pistons
2024
June
6
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2024 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/06/06/empower-field-soccer-mexico-arrest-trespassing-uruguay-denver-police/ 
 ----- 
