 
Jadaliyya
Egypt
Iran
Palestine
Syria
Turkey
القسم العربي
 Login
HOME
ABOUT
SUBMIT AN ARTICLE
SUBMIT AN ANNOUNCEMENT
AUTHORS
JAD NAVIGATION
CONTACT
القسم العربي
ARABIAN PENINSULA
LIBYA
ALGERIA
BAHRAIN
EGYPT
IRAN
JORDAN
LEBANON
MOROCCO
PALESTINE
OTHER COUNTRIES
ENVIRONMENT
REFUGEES AND MIGRANTS
CITIES
SEX AND CITIZENSHIP
CULTURE
PHOTOGRAPHY AND AUDIOVISUAL NARRATIVES
POLITICAL ECONOMY
PEDAGOGY
REVIEWS
NEWTON
MAGHREB
ENVIRONMENT
ANNOUNCEMENTS
CRITICAL CURRENTS IN ISLAM
RESISTANCE, SUBVERSION, AND MOBILIZATION
ESSENTIAL READINGS
SEX AND CITIZENSHIP
PROFILES
STATUS
TADWEEN PUBLISHING
TOUGH NIECE
QUICK THOUGHTS
PHOTOGRAPHY AND AUDIOVISUAL NARRATIVES
MEDIA
VOX POPULI
THE TEAM
DONATE
ADVERTISE WITH US
RELEASE FORM
PRIVACY POLICY
TERMS OF SERVICE
Qatar
Saudi Arabia
Syria
Tunisia
Turkey
Yemen
Maghreb
Jadaliyya
BETA
Environment
Refugees and Migrants
Cities
Sex and Citizenship
Culture
Photography
Political Economy
Pedagogy
Reviews
NEWTON
Jun 3, 2024
Palestine
A
A
Gaza On My Mind: A Freeform Engagement with All Things Gaza Part 5 (5 June)
By : Jadaliyya Reports  
Gaza On My Mind
غزّة علي بالي
A Freeform Engagement with All Things Gaza 

Featuring:
Sherene Seikaly

Moderators:
Jenan Matari
Bassam Haddad
Noura Erakat

Wednesday, 5 June 2024
12:00 PM EST | 5:00 PM London | 7:00PM Gaza

 

Join us as we talk about "Palestinian Life Despite Genocide, Ethnic Cleansing, Military Occupation, and Apartheid Rule." This Wednesday at 12 pm EST, Gaza On My Mind \ غزّة على بالي features  @shereneseikaly (guest), @4noura Erakat, @JenanMatari & @4bassam Haddad (hosts) in a difficult but uplifting conversation on Palestinian Life, despite all. We. Are. Not. Going. Anywhere! 12 pm EST, 7 pm Gaza. Live at http://X.com/Jadaliyya & http://Youtube.com/@Jadaliyya/Striyya/Streams 

Jenan Matari (Moderator) is a 2x award-winning Palestinian storyteller and Producer. She is so busy, we are still waiting for the rest of her bio. 

Bassam Haddad (Moderator) is Founding Director of the Middle East and Islamic Studies Program and Associate Professor at the Schar School of Policy and Government at George Mason University. He is the author of Business Networks in Syria: The Political Economy of Authoritarian Resilience (Stanford University Press, 2011) and co-editor of A Critical Political Economy of the Middle East (Stanford University Press, 2021). Bassam is Co-Founder/Editor of Jadaliyya Ezine and Executive Director of the Arab Studies Institute. He serves as Founding Editor of the Arab Studies Journal and the Knowledge Production Project. He is co-producer/director of the award-winning documentary film, About Baghdad, and director of the acclaimed series Arabs and Terrorism. Bassam is Executive Producer of Status Podcast Channel and Director of the Middle East Studies Pedagogy Initiative (MESPI). He received MESA's Jere L. Bacharach Service Award in 2017 for his service to the profession. Currently, Bassam is working on his second Syria book titled Understanding The Syrian Tragedy: Regime, Opposition, Outsiders (forthcoming, Stanford University Press).

Noura Erakat is a human rights attorney and an Assistant Professor at Rutgers University, New Brunswick Department of Africana Studies. Her research interests include humanitarian law, refugee law, national security law, and critical race theory. Noura is the author of Justice for Some: Law As Politics in the Question of Palestine (Stanford University Press, 2019). She is a Co-Founding Editor of Jadaliyya e-zine and an Editorial Committee member of the Journal of Palestine Studies. She has served as Legal Counsel for a Congressional Subcommittee in the House of Representatives, as a Legal Advocate for the Badil Center for Palestinian Refugee and Residency Rights, and as the national grassroots organizer and legal advocate at the US Campaign to End the Israeli Occupation. Noura is the coeditor of Aborted State? The UN Initiative and New Palestinian Junctures, an anthology related to the 2011 and 2012 Palestine bids for statehood at the UN. More recently, Noura released a pedagogical project on the Gaza Strip and Palestine, which includes a short multimedia documentary, "Gaza In Context," that rehabilitates Israel’s wars on Gaza within a settler-colonial framework. She is also the producer of the short video, "Black Palestinian Solidarity." She is a frequent commentator, with recent appearances on CBS News, CNN, Fox News, and NPR, among others, and her writings have been widely published in the national media and academic journals.

Sherene Seikaly is Associate Professor of History at the University of California, Santa Barbara. She held the Qatar Postdoctoral Fellowship at Georgetown University and the Europe in the Middle East Postdoctoral Fellowship at the Wissenschaftskolleg zu Berlin. Seikaly was Director of the Middle East Studies Center at the American University in Cairo (2012-2014), where she was awarded an Excellence in Teaching Award in 2014. Seikaly's Men of Capital: Scarcity and Economy in Mandate Palestine (Stanford University Press, 2016) explores how Palestinian capitalists and British colonial officials used economy to shape territory, nationalism, the home, and the body. Her forthcoming book, From Baltimore to Beirut: On the Question of Palestine focuses on a Palestinian man who was at once a colonial officer and a colonized subject, an enslaver and a refugee. His trajectory from nineteenth century mobility across Baltimore and Sudan to twentieth century immobility in Lebanon places the question of Palestine in a global history of race, capital, slavery, and dispossession. Seikaly is the recipient of the National Endowment for the Humanities Research Fellowship, the Distinguished Teaching Award from the Academic Senate, the University of California, Santa Barbara; the Harold J. Plous Award at UCSB; and the UC President’s Faculty Research Fellowship. She currently serves as co-editor of Journal of Palestine Studies and co-founder and co-editor of Jadaliyya.

TAGS
RAFAHPALESTINEGENOCIDEGAZA
ALSO BY THIS AUTHOR
What Have We Learned? Israel's Genocide — One Year On Featuring Susan Abulhawa (22 December 2024)

Join our fifteenth edition of “What Have We Learned?” after one year of Israel’s Genocide with Susan Abulhawa, hosted by Bassam Hadddad. Scholars, journalists, activists, and authors select 5 themes/topics and analyze what we have learned about them. 

Dec 22
CALL FOR PROPOSALS: 15th Annual Middle East & Islamic Consortium Student Conference at Simon Fraser University (January 9)

The Middle East and Islamic Consortium (MEICON), a collaborative academic and research project, is now accepting submissions for the 2025 MEICON Student Conference, to be organized by SFU’s Centre for Comparative Muslim Studies. This in-person conference will be held on Saturday, March 15, 2025, at Simon Fraser University’s Burnaby campus. There is no fee for participation.

Dec 12
The Collapse of the Syrian Regime, featuring Bassam Haddad and Omar Dahi (11 December 2024)

The swift collapse of the Syrian regime took everyone by surprise, after 54 years of rule and a prolongeduprising. Within ten days, a Hay’at Tahrir Al-Sham (HTS)-led coalition literally marched through Aleppo, Hama, Homs, and Damascus, as other armed groups mobilized in Der`a and Sweida. On Sunday, 8 December 2024, the Presidential residence and state banks temporarily became public property, notorious prisons were broke open. The regime had collapsed. The Syrian political class, army, party echelons, and the once infamously frightening security services’ heads were nowhere to be seen. Poof! Bashar Asad and family were now in Moscow. We will discuss the context of these developments as well as the notable absence of regime allies’ support, in addition to regional and international implications, including Israel’s continuing genocide.

Dec 10
Next Article
Feb 16, 2011
Lebanon
By :
Jadaliyya Reports
A
A
Past is Present: Settler Colonialism Matters!

On 5-6 March 2011, the Palestine Society at the School of Oriental and African Studies (SOAS) in London will hold its seventh annual conference, "Past is Present: Settler Colonialism in Palestine." This year`s conference aims to understand Zionism as a settler colonial project which has, for more than a century, subjected Palestine and Palestinians to a structural and violent form of destruction, dispossession, land appropriation and erasure in the pursuit of a new Jewish Israeli society. By organizing this conference, we hope to reclaim and revive the settler colonial paradigm and to outline its potential to inform and guide political strategy and mobilization.

The Israeli-Palestinian conflict is often described as unique and exceptional with little resemblance to other historical or ongoing colonial conflicts. Yet, for Zionism, like other settler colonial projects such as the British colonization of Ireland or European settlement of North America, South Africa or Australia, the imperative is to control the land and its resources -- and to displace the original inhabitants. Indeed, as conference keynote speaker Patrick Wolfe, one of the foremost scholars on settler colonialism and professor at La Trobe University in Victoria, Australia, argues, "the logic of this project, a sustained institutional tendency to eliminate the Indigenous population, informs a range of historical practices that might otherwise appear distinct--invasion is a structure not an event."[i]

Therefore, the classification of the Zionist movement as a settler colonial project, and the Israeli state as its manifestation, is not merely intended as a statement on the historical origins of Israel, nor as a rhetorical or polemical device. Rather, the aim is to highlight Zionism`s structural continuities and the ideology which informs Israeli policies and practices in Palestine and toward Palestinians everywhere. Thus, the Nakba -- whether viewed as a spontaneous, violent episode in war, or the implementation of a preconceived master plan -- should be understood as both the precondition for the creation of Israel and the logical outcome of Zionist settlement in Palestine.

Moreover, it is this same logic that sustains the continuation of the Nakba today. As remarked by Benny Morris, “had he [David Ben Gurion] carried out full expulsion--rather than partial--he would have stabilised the State of Israel for generations.”[ii] Yet, plagued by an “instability”--defined by the very existence of the Palestinian nation--Israel continues its daily state practices in its quest to fulfill Zionism’s logic to maximize the amount of land under its control with the minimum number of Palestinians on it. These practices take a painful array of manifestations: aerial and maritime bombardment, massacre and invasion, house demolitions, land theft, identity card confiscation, racist laws and loyalty tests, the wall, the siege on Gaza, cultural appropriation, and the dependence on willing (or unwilling) native collaboration and security arrangements, all with the continued support and backing of imperial power. 

Despite these enduring practices however, the settler colonial paradigm has largely fallen into disuse. As a paradigm, it once served as a primary ideological and political framework for all Palestinian political factions and trends, and informed the intellectual work of committed academics and revolutionary scholars, both Palestinians and Jews.

The conference thus asks where and why the settler colonial paradigm was lost, both in scholarship on Palestine and in politics; how do current analyses and theoretical trends that have arisen in its place address present and historical realities? While acknowledging the creativity of these new interpretations, we must nonetheless ask: when exactly did Palestinian natives find themselves in a "post-colonial" condition? When did the ongoing struggle over land become a "post-conflict" situation? When did Israel become a "post-Zionist" society? And when did the fortification of Palestinian ghettos and reservations become "state-building"?

In outlining settler colonialism as a central paradigm from which to understand Palestine, this conference re-invigorates it as a tool by which to analyze the present situation. In doing so, it contests solutions which accommodate Zionism, and more significantly, builds settler colonialism as a political analysis that can embolden and inform a strategy of active, mutual, and principled Palestinian alignment with the Arab struggle for self-determination, and indigenous struggles in the US, Latin America, Oceania, and elsewhere.

Such an alignment would expand the tools available to Palestinians and their solidarity movement, and reconnect the struggle to its own history of anti-colonial internationalism. At its core, this internationalism asserts that the Palestinian struggle against Zionist settler colonialism can only be won when it is embedded within, and empowered by, the broader Arab movement for emancipation and the indigenous, anti-racist and anti-colonial movement--from Arizona to Auckland.

SOAS Palestine Society invites everyone to join us at what promises to be a significant intervention in Palestine activism and scholarship.

For over 30 years, SOAS Palestine Society has heightened awareness and understanding of the Palestinian people, their rights, culture, and struggle for self-determination, amongst students, faculty, staff, and the broader public. SOAS Palestine society aims to continuously push the frontiers of discourse in an effort to make provocative arguments and to stimulate debate and organizing for justice in Palestine through relevant conferences, and events ranging from the intellectual and political impact of Edward Said`s life and work (2004), international law and the Palestine question (2005), the economy of Palestine and its occupation (2006), the one state (2007), 60 Years of Nakba, 60 Years of Resistance (2009), and most recently, the Left in Palestine (2010).

For more information on the SOAS Palestine Society 7th annual conference, Past is Present: Settler Colonialism in Palestine: www.soaspalsoc.org

SOAS Palestine Society Organizing Collective is a group of committed students that has undertaken to organize annual academic conferences on Palestine since 2003.

 

[i] Patrick Wolfe, Settler Colonialism and the Transformation of Anthropology: The Politics and Poetics of an Ethnographic Event, Cassell, London, p. 163

[ii] Interview with Benny Morris, Survival of the Fittest, Haaretz, 9. January 2004, http://cosmos.ucc.ie/cs1064/jabowen/IPSC/php/art.php?aid=5412

Jadaliyya
About
The Team
Authors
Donate
Advertise with us
Contact
Submissions
Submit an Article
Submit an Announcement
Release Form
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Service
Topical Pages
Refugees and Migrants
Cities
Critical Currents in Islam
Culture
Photography and Audiovisual Narratives
Law and Conflict
Political Economy
Vox Populi
Special Features
Announcements
Essential Readings
Quick Thoughts
Pedagogy
Reviews
NEWTON
Reports
Jadaliyya Development
Jad Navigation
Country Pages
Arabian Peninsula
Egypt
Iran
Palestine
Syria
Turkey
Maghreb
Arabic Section
سياسة
اقتصاد
ثقافة وفنون
تاريخ
حوار
 Join Our Newsletter

Copyright © 2024. By Ⓚ koein
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.jadaliyya.com/Details/46048 
 ----- 
