Get a demo
Alation at Snowflake's AI Data Cloud Summit 2024

June 3, 2024

-

June 6, 2024

Moscone Center

Booth #1330

Connect with Alation at Snowflake Summit

We're excited to see you at Snowflake AI Data Cloud Summit this year! Swing by booth #1330 to explore how Alation powers AI-readiness, governance, analytics, cloud migration, and workload optimization for your Snowflake platform. Attend our insightful sessions including our Hands-on-Labs, and most importantly, be sure to give yourself time in between all the learning and networking to power up at Alation's very own smoothie bar on the 2nd floor terrace.

Meet us there
CUSTOMER SESSION WITH USAA
Learn how USAA created a data culture with Alation to empower data users within the organization to get the trusted insights they need from their Snowflake Data Cloud by guiding them to the governed use of that data. Discover how USAA is poised to tap into the power of AI with models built on trusted data from their governed data foundation.
CUSTOMER SESSION WITH FISERV
Identifying the most/least popular data assets and workloads is a key first step for building a migration and cost optimization strategy for the Snowflake Data Cloud. Learn how Fiserv put the Alation Data Intelligence Platform at the center of its data modernization strategy, cataloging and delivering data to end users across multiple business units.
BREAKOUT SESSION WITH NTT DOCOMO
In this presentation, you'll see how the NTT docomo data team extracts insights from the d-POINT loyalty program’s 99 million members to strengthen customer ties and boost sales. They will also walk through our major project, called “SnowCamp in docomo,” that uses Streamlit to enhance data accessibility and democratize data analysis for all users within the company.
CUSTOMER SESSION WITH THOMSON REUTERS
In this session, Uma Elaguppillai, Director of Data Platform at Thomson Reuters, will discuss how to build a scalable enterprise data platform. You’ll see how Thomson Reuters integrated Immuta, Alation and SailPoint with Snowflake to streamline and automate data access - accelerating time to data without sacrificing security or resources.
FIRESIDE CHAT WITH ALKERMES
This fireside chat explores how Alkermes, a pharmaceutical company addressing unmet mental health needs in vulnerable populations, is using the Alation Data Intelligence Platform to support a federated, people-first approach to governance. You will learn how this approach enables Alkermes to empower data consumers to get the data they need, find the answers they seek, and innovate using data in the Snowflake Data Cloud.
TRUSTED AI NEEDS TRUSTED DATA
The companies that will win are those that unlock Snowflake Data Cloud to blend public and private data sets to build their own LLMs. In this context, trusted and governed data becomes key for high-quality, trusted AI models. Join this session to learn why data intelligence is the key enabler for delivering on the promise of GenAI with Snowflake and preview how Alation embeds AI to accelerate the delivery of data initiatives.
HANDS-ON-LABS
In this lab you’ll learn how Alation users access and work with data in Snowflake; how to apply governance to data within Snowflake leveraging Snowflake Horizon capabilities; and ways to help users find, understand and trust their data.
How USAA Delivers An Exceptional Customer Experience with Well-Governed Data

June 3, 2024

3:00 PM PDT

Learn how USAA created a data culture with Alation to empower data users within the organization to get the trusted insights they need from their Snowflake Data Cloud by guiding them to the governed use of that data. Discover how USAA is poised to tap into the power of AI with models built on trusted data from their governed data foundation.

Learn more

Steve Wooledge

VP, Product Marketing

Alation

Adam Udell

Chief Data Architect

USAA

Fiserv: Intelligent Cloud Migration and Optimization with Alation

June 5, 2024

12:00 PM PDT

Identifying the most/least popular data assets and workloads is a key first step for building a migration and cost optimization strategy for the Snowflake Data Cloud. Learn how Fiserv put the Alation Data Intelligence Platform at the center of its data modernization strategy, cataloging and delivering data to end users across multiple business units.

Learn More

Jim Haas

Sr. Director, Chief Data Architect

Fiserv

Allen Goldschmidt

Director of Data Management

Fiserv

Democratizing Data Across Ntt Docomo With Streamlit

June 5, 2024

4:00 PM PDT

In this presentation, you'll see how the NTT docomo data team extracts insights from the d-POINT loyalty program’s 99 million members to strengthen customer ties and boost sales. They will also walk through our major project, called “SnowCamp in docomo,” that uses Streamlit to enhance data accessibility and democratize data analysis for all users within the company.

Learn More

Takashi Suzuki

General Manager of Data Platform Department

NTT DOCOMO, Inc.

Naoharu Yamada

Senior Manager

NTT DOCOMO, Inc.

Data Governance Best Practices in Life Sciences

June 5, 2024

12:30 PM PDT

This fireside chat explores how Alkermes, a pharmaceutical company addressing unmet mental health needs in vulnerable populations, is using the Alation Data Intelligence Platform to support a federated, people-first approach to governance. You will learn how this approach enables Alkermes to empower data consumers to get the data they need, find the answers they seek, and innovate using data in the Snowflake Data Cloud.

Learn More

David Sweenor

Director, Product Marketing

Alation

Bo Yang

Commercial Data Strategy & Governance

Alkermes

Trusted AI Needs Trusted Data

June 6, 2024

11:00 AM PDT

The companies that will win are those that unlock Snowflake Data Cloud to blend public and private data sets to build their own LLMs. In this context, trusted and governed data becomes key for high-quality, trusted AI models. Join this session to learn why data intelligence is the key enabler for delivering on the promise of GenAI with Snowflake and preview how Alation embeds AI to accelerate the delivery of data initiatives.

Learn More

David Sweenor

Director, Product Marketing

Alation

Salima Mangalji

Product Marketing Manager

Alation

How Automating Data Access Accelerates Insights at Thomson Reuters

June 6, 2024

11:30 AM PDT

In this session, Uma Elaguppillai, Director of Data Platform at Thomson Reuters, will discuss how to build a scalable enterprise data platform. You’ll see how Thomson Reuters integrated Immuta, Alation and SailPoint with Snowflake to streamline and automate data access - accelerating time to data without sacrificing security or resources.

Learn More

Scalable AI and Data Governance with Snowflake and Alation

In this lab you’ll learn how Alation users access and work with data in Snowflake; how to apply governance to data within Snowflake leveraging Snowflake Horizon capabilities; and ways to help users find, understand and trust their data.

Hands-on-lab #1: June 3, 2024 at 1:00 PM PDT

Hands-on-lab #2: June 4, 2024 at 1:30 PM PDT

Ravi Kumar

Data Governance Specialist PSE

Snowflake

Michael Meyer

Sr. Technical Product Marketing Manager

Alation

Nick Jewell

Sr. Principal Product Marketing Manager

Alation

June 4th | The AI Data Stack Executive Panel & Dinner

June 4, 2024

6:30PM - 10PM PDT

Alation and Sapphire invite you to a thought-provoking exclusive panel and dinner following the conclusion of Day 2 at Snowflake Summit. This intimate dinner aims to bring together like-minded data leaders to discuss data intelligence as a foundation for the AI Data Stack.

Please reach out to Emmy.Marinova@alation.com if you're interested in joining.

Anders Ranum

Managing Director

Sapphire Ventures

Haleh Tabrizi

Head of People Data/AI

ServiceNow

Ahmad Raza Khan

Head of AI/ML Strategy

Snowflake

Satyen Sangani

CEO & Co-Founder

Alation

Matthew Lynley

Data Analyst and Journalist

Supervised

New to Alation?

About Alation

News & Press Releases

Media Center

Alation Partners

Data Intelligence Project

Alation Community

Products

Data Intelligence Platform

Data Catalog

Data Governance

Data Lineage

Alation Compose

Alation Anywhere

Alation Analytics

Resources

Resource Center

Upcoming Events

Blog

Data Culture Maturity Model

Data Radicals Podcast

Developer Documentation

Alation Brilliance Badges

Featured Blogs

What is a Data Catalog?

What is Data Governance?

What is Data Intelligence?

What is Data Culture?

What is Data Quality?

Connect

Careers

Contact Us

Take a Product Tour

Get a Personalized Demo

Alation Help Center

Alation Pricing

Expert Services

Terms and Conditions

Privacy Policy

Event Policy

CSR Policy

Cookie Policy

Security

Trust Center

Your Privacy Choices

© 2024 Alation, Inc.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.alation.com/events/snowflake-summit/ 
 ----- 
