Toggle navigation
HOME
INDIA
WORLD
BUSINESS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
WEB STORIES
REVIEWS
VIDEOS
LEISURE
SCI/TECH
MORE
Home  News  Sports
India vs Zim T20: Here's what captain Shubman Gill said about series opener defeat

Zimbabwe beat India by 13 runs in Harare

PTI
Updated: July 06, 2024 23:11 IST
India's Shubman Gill walks back to the pavilion after his dismissal | AFP

India captain Shubman Gill on Saturday said he should have carried the bat through the first T20I against Zimbabwe while terming his side's batting effort as disappointing.


At Harare, Zimbabwe beat an Indian team brimming with an array of Next-Gen stars by 13 runs in the first T20I match of the five-match series.

"Halfway through (the match) we had lost five wickets, and it would've been best for us if I stayed there till the end. I am very disappointed with the way I got out and the rest of the match panned out," said Gill in the post-match presentation ceremony.

MATCH REPORT | First T20I: Zimbabwe stun young Indian team in low-scoring thriller at Harare

"There was a bit of hope for us. But while chasing 115 and your No.10 batter is out there, you know something is wrong," he added.

India were recently crowned champions in the T20 World Cup albeit with a different set of players.

Gill said the team could not execute its plans. "We spoke about taking time and enjoying our batting but it didn't pan out that way."

He also said India were a bit under-par on the field, despite bowling well to restrict the hosts to 115 for nine.

TAGS
Team India
 
Shubman Gill
 
Team Zimbabwe

Join our WhatsApp Channel to get the latest news, exclusives and videos on WhatsApp

READ MORE
Sambhal violence: BSP supremo Mayawati accuses Congress, SP of stocking communal tensions for electoral gains
Impeachment motion against South Korean Yoon Suk Yeol fails after ruling party boycott vote
Keerthy Suresh to marry in Goa: Top celebrities who tied the knot in the coastal paradise
India has no interest in weakening US dollar: Jaishankar
FBI warns iPhone, Android users against sending SMS? How WhatsApp steers clear of China's Salt Typhoon data hackers explained
EDITOR'S PICK
THE WEEK-Hansa Research Survey 2024: Best hospitals in India
Anuja Chauhan and her daughter Nayantara on generational gap in romance writing
'We need more dedicated transplant centres in India': Dr Lalit Kumar
Evolving luxury

*Articles appearing as INFOCUS/THE WEEK FOCUS are marketing initiatives

Terms & Conditions Privacy & Statement

Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theweek.in/news/sports/2024/07/06/cricket-news-india-vs-zim-t20-here-s-what-captain-shubman-gill-said-about-series-opener-defeat.html 
 ----- 
