Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Blue Jays vs Rangers Prediction, Picks & Odds for Today’s MLB Game

Kumar Rocker impressed in his first start, but Thursday's matchup with an invigorated Blue Jays lineup poses a greater test.

Andrew Caley • Senior Betting Analyst
Sep 19, 2024 • 11:36 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

The Toronto Blue Jays will try to avoid the three-game sweep at the hands of the Texas Rangers when they play a Thursday matinee.

Game 1 was a slugfest but was followed by a pitcher’s duel in Game 2. With Kevin Gausman toeing the rubber against exciting prospect Kumar Rocker, my Blue Jays vs. Rangers predictions are betting the finale will resemble the latter. But is the Rangers rookie a little overhyped?

My MLB picks break down this late-season AL matchup. 

Blue Jays vs Rangers prediction

My best bet
Blue Jays first-five moneyline (+105 at PROLINE+)

My analysis

The Toronto Blue Jays got yet another outstanding performance from Bowden Francis yesterday. Unfortunately for Jays fans, he was outdueled by Texas Rangers starter Cody Bradford, who threw seven shutout innings in a 2-0 Rangers win.

We go from one exciting pitching matchup to another, as Kevin Gausman and Kumar Rocker will be on the bump. Gausman enters this game dealing after an up-and-down first half to the season, while Rocker will try to build off an electric performance in his first career MLB start.

Gausman has pitched to a solid 2.56 ERA and 3.30 FIP over his last seven starts, limiting opponents to a .213 batting average. That’s not a good thing for a Rangers’ lineup that has disappointed this season, particularly against right-handers.

The once-dangerous Rangers’ lineup, which was a big catalyst in their World Series run last fall, enters this game ranked 22nd in batting average, 24th in OPS, and 23rd in wRC+, and righties have really zapped their power, as they rank 25th in slugging right-handed pitching.

Meanwhile, it looks like the New York Mets made another mistake letting Rocker slip through their fingers. The right-hander struck out seven of the 17 batters he faced while allowing just one run on three hits over four innings in his MLB debut. That’s an awesome 41% strikeout rate.

However, we’ve got to remember that was still just Kumar’s first career start, against a perfect opponent in the swing-happy Mariners. The Blue Jays should provide a tougher test.

Toronto’s lineup has turned a corner since the trade deadline when the team started giving more at-bats to their younger players. Now, the Jays rank eighth in batting average, sixth in OPS and fifth wRC+ since Aug. 1. They also have the ninth-lowest K-rate during that period.

So, when I see the Blue Jays as underdogs with a solid veteran on the mound going against a guy making just his second career start, all I see is value.

Once again, I’m eliminating the anxiety-inducing Blue Jays bullpen from the scenario by taking the five-inning moneyline here.

MORE MLB PICKS

Blue Jays star player prop

My best bet
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Over 0.5 RBI (+150 at PROLINE+)

My analysis

If there's anyone in this Blue Jays lineup who can take advantage of an inexperienced starter, it's Vladimir Guerrero Jr.

The Blue Jays star first baseman was held hitless in last night’s loss, so that means he’s due. (Side note: “he’s due” is never something a bettor should consider. But it’s just to highlight how locked in Guerrero has been this season).

Vladdy enters this game hitting .319 with a .936 OPS, 28 home runs and 97 RBI. He has also driven in at least one run eight times in the last 16 games. Furthermore, righty-lefty hasn’t mattered for Guerrero. His batting average of .323 is actually higher vs. right-handed pitching while still sporting a very good .928 OPS.

At +150 there's definitely some value in Vladdy to drive in a run this afternoon.

Ontario sports bettors: Play the Jays your way with PROLINE+

Ontario-owned and operated, PROLINE+ has a robust market offering at its disposal and reinvests 100% of its profits back into the province — join today!

Sign Up Now at 

Blue Jays vs Rangers odds
Blue Jays vs Rangers live odds

Blue Jays vs Rangers opening odds
Moneyline: Toronto -110 | Texas -110
Run line: Toronto +1.5 -210 | Texas -1.5 +175
Over/Under: Over 8.0 | Under 8.0
Blue Jays vs Rangers moneyline and Over/Under analysis
This AL matchup opened as basically a coin flip with both sides priced at -110, but early bettors saw some value with the home team, and the Blue Jays are now +105 underdogs.


This line move feels like an overreaction to Rocker's first career start. Yes, he looked impressive, but it was one start, and he's going against veteran Gausman, who faces a Rangers lineup that has struggled.


The total for this matchup hit the board at an even 8.0, and bettors were quick to jump on the Under, with the number now sitting at 7.5.


I would tend to agree with the early money here. Gausman should continue his run of solid pitching, while Rocker does have some electric stuff. I would maybe consider the five-inning Under, however, due to a pair of suspect bullpens.
Blue Jays vs Rangers trend

The Blue Jays have hit the Under in 12 of their last 19 games for +5.50 Units and a 26% ROI. Find more MLB betting trends for Blue Jays vs. Rangers.

Blue Jays vs Rangers game info
Location:	Globe Life Field, Arlington, TX
Date:	Thursday, 9-19-2024
First pitch:	2:35 p.m. ET
TV:	Sportsnet, Bally Southwest
Blue Jays starting pitcher:	Kevin Gausman
(12-11, 4.02 ERA)
Rangers starting pitcher:	Kumar Rocker
(0-0, 2.25 ERA)
Blue Jays vs Rangers latest injuries

Blue Jays vs Rangers weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Ontario Sportsbooks
Prince Edward Island Sports Betting
New York Sports Betting
Texas Online Sports Betting
North Carolina Sports Betting
Ontario Online Casinos
New York Online Casinos
MLB Betting Sites
NY Sportsbook Promos
Best Ontario Betting Apps
   
Andrew Caley
Senior Betting Analyst

When his dreams of becoming the next Steve Nash died, all Andrew “Taco” Caley wanted to do was write about sports, something he’s been doing at Covers for more than a decade. A Journalism School grad from Holland College in Charlottetown, PEI, Andrew previously worked at The Chronicle Herald and Star Metro, but knew in his heart that his future lay in sports. He began at Covers as a news editor and has now done everything under the sun when it comes to content. His work has been seen on TSN, Sportsnet, VSiN, and CBS.

These days Andrew’s betting expertise is focused on his favorite teams – the Toronto Blue Jays and Toronto Raptors. He’s also an avid college football fan and bettor. He can’t be friends with you if you don’t appreciate a Service Academy Under. You can also call him Covers’ Sixth Man, as he regularly steps up to guest host Before You Bet and our MLB and NCAAF release shows.

The sportsbook where he does the bulk of his betting is bet365 thanks to its numerous prop betting options and competitive odds. His best advice? Find the balance between the numbers and what you see on the playing field. Then find the best price using multiple books. And don’t ask him where the nickname Taco comes from. It’s not an interesting story. Seriously.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Star player prop
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Steelers vs Ravens Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
 Chargers vs Texans Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Neil Parker
 Ohio State vs Texas Predictions, Odds and Picks for the Cotton Bowl
Andrew Caley
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/blue-jays-vs-rangers-prediction-picks-today-thursday-9-19-2024 
 ----- 
