This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Privacy Notice

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
Save
Accept All
Reject All
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLEAR ICON
44º
Go to the KSAT homepage
Sign In
Open the KSAT San Antonio Help Desk
NEWS
WEATHER
SPORTS
KSAT PLUS
SA LIVE
KSAT INSIDER
KSAT CONNECT
ENTERTAINMENT
FEATURES
SPORTS
Will Smith hits 3-run homer, Dodgers extend NL West lead to 5 games with 10-9 win over D-backs

John Marshall

Associated Press

Published: August 31, 2024 at 12:05 AM
Updated: August 31, 2024 at 12:36 AM
Tags: Shohei Ohtani, Eugenio Suarez, Clayton Kershaw, Sports, Freddie Freeman, Will Smith, Jake McCarthy
Full Screen
1 / 11
Previous photo
Next photo
Los Angeles Dodgers' Will Smith connects for a three-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the seventh inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani of Japan, grimaces after being hit by a pitch against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the second inning of a baseball game, Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani of Japan, takes a lead off of third base against the Arizona Diamondbacks as Dodgers third base coach Dino Ebel, left, looks on during the second inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Diamondbacks' Jake McCarthy, right, beats out an infield single as he beats Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Ryan Brasier (57) to first base as Dodgers second baseman Gavin Lux, back right, looks on during the fifth inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Dodgers' Max Muncy (13) scores a run on a wild pitch against the Arizona Diamondbacks as Dodgers' Shohei Ohtani (17), of Japan, looks on during the sixth inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Dodgers pitcher Clayton Kershaw throws against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Diamondbacks' Lourdes Gurriel Jr. scores against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Zac Gallen throws against the Los Angeles Dodgers during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani, of Japan, connects for a double against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani, of Japan, celebrates his home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks in the dugout with teammates during the eighth inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)
Los Angeles Dodgers designated hitter Shohei Ohtani, right, of Japan, strikes out as Arizona Diamondbacks catcher Jose Herrera, left, catches the pitch during the sixth inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved

Los Angeles Dodgers' Will Smith connects for a three-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the seventh inning of a baseball game Friday, Aug. 30, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)

PHOENIX – Will Smith hit a late three-run homer, Shohei Ohtani added his 43rd of the season and the Los Angeles Dodgers extended their NL West lead to five games with a 10-9 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Friday night.

Arizona's late-season surge set the stage for a crucial four-game series and a charged-up crowd in a rematch of last season's NL Division Series won by the Diamondbacks.

Recommended Videos

Hear SAFD firefighter’s powerful spoken poem about mental health challenges in fire service
Unmute
Duration 
3:52
/
Current Time 
0:00
Advanced Settings
Fullscreen
Play
Rewind 10 Seconds
Up Next

A sold-out Chase Field got a wild show that included 10 combined runs in the first three innings, a big toe injury that knocked out Dodgers ace Clayton Kershaw, a run scored on a disengagement violation and a four-run rally in the ninth inning that came up short.

“Kind of fitting to start the series off like this with a lot of electricity in the crowd,” Dodgers first baseman Freddie Freeman said.

Freeman did the early damage with a two-run homer in the first inning after missing three straight games to rest a fractured right middle finger. Smith gave the Dodgers a 9-5 lead in the seventh, just clearing the wall in left with his three-run shot.

Ohtani hit a solo homer in the eighth inning, doubled and had stolen base No. 43 after going 0 for 5 against Baltimore on Thursday.

“I feel like everyone was just giving their best and not not complaining about anything, just trying to go out there and get the W,” Dodgers third baseman Max Muncy said.

It still wasn't easy.

Arizona's Jake McCarthy hit a two-run single in the ninth and Eugenio Suarez followed with a two-run homer to cut it to 10-9. Anthony Banda got the final two outs to close it out.

Corbin Carroll also homered and for Arizona, which dropped into a tie with San Diego for the top NL wild-card spot.

“Down 10-5, the easy thing to do would be to give up and move on to tomorrow,” Diamondbacks manager Torey Lovullo said. “But this is a hungry team that wants to win games and knows the importance of each pitch, each inning.”

Ryan Brasier (1-0) allowed a hit in the fifth inning and Arizona's Dylan Floro (5-4) took the loss after being replaced by Joe Mantiply, who uncorked a wild pitch for the go-ahead run.

Kershaw and Arizona's Zac Gallen, among baseball's best pitchers in recent years, were not sharp to kick off the series.

Gallen gave up Ohtani's double on the game's first pitch and the two-run homer to Freeman. The Arizona right-hander allowed three more runs in the second — on Miguel Rojas' single, Mookie Betts' sacrifice fly and a groundout by Freeman.

“I feel like I pitched two different games, honestly,” said Gallen, who allowed five runs on five hits and struck out seven in five innings. “I saw the guys battle on offense and did the best I could to keep us in it.”

Kershaw gave up Josh Bell's RBI single and Suarez's sacrifice fly in the first inning, then a leadoff homer to Carroll in the second. Kershaw left due to left big toe pain right after the homer, a lingering issue from a bone spur, according to Dodgers manager Dave Roberts. The left-hander could end up on the injured list.

Arizona scored a run in the third inning when Joe Kelly disengaged from the rubber three times in one at-bat and Jose Herrera tied it at 5-all with a run-scoring single.

TRAINER'S TABLE

Dodgers: RHP Tyler Glasnow played catch as part of his throwing program as he works his way back from right elbow tendonitis. ... RHP Yoshinobu Yamamoto (right triceps tightness) and Brusdar Graterol (hamstring) are both expected to throw this weekend as well.

Diamondbacks: 1B Christian Walker (oblique) and 2B Ketel Marte (ankle) are continuing to ramp up their activities and Arizona hopes both will be back in the lineup in San Francisco next week.

UP NEXT

Dodgers RHP Gavin Stone (11-5, 3.33 ERA) faces Diamondbacks RHP Merrill Kelly (4-0, 3.98) in the second game of the four-game series Saturday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Marketplace
Sell Your Items - Free to List
Visit Full Marketplace

Baslco Fair Isle Print High Waist Leggings,Black Multicolore...

$12

FRANK S. | sellwild.com

Decorum leather jacket

$150

BARBARA B. | sellwild.com

Powered by

READ NEXT
SAPD says woman struck, killed on Loop 410 after she was dropped off on the highway
San Antonio lemonade shop receives grant to stay afloat amid struggles

KSAT CONNECT
BJParks

11am NW Katy Lakehouse Subdivision

 Write A Comment..
BJParks

Subterranean Subdivision

 Write A Comment..

Recommended Videos

KSAT DEALS
Here's how to get fabulous items to make life around the house easier, more organized and tidy — all while saving big.
Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
Read full article: Save big on home organization and comfort with these Insider Deals
These deals might be your "cup of tea."
SA Live deals this week: Cozy winter savings
Read full article: SA Live deals this week: Cozy winter savings
BACK TO TOP

Email Newsletters

KSAT RSS Feeds

Contests and Rules

Contact Us

KSAT Internships

Careers at KSAT

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Public File

Current EEO Report

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Do Not Sell My Info

FCC Applications

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)
GET RESULTS WITH OMNE

If you need help with the Public File, call (210) 351-1200.

At KSAT, we are committed to informing and delighting our audience. In our commitment to covering our communities with innovation and excellence, we incorporate Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies to enhance our news gathering, reporting, and presentation processes. Read our article to see how we are using Artificial Intelligence.

Copyright © 2025 KSAT.com is managed by Graham Digital and published by Graham Media Group, a division of Graham Holdings.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ksat.com/sports/2024/08/31/will-smith-hits-3-run-homer-dodgers-extend-nl-west-lead-to-5-games-with-10-9-win-over-d-backs/ 
 ----- 
