Toggle search
CANMNT CAPTAIN STEPHEN…
Courtesy: Beau Chevalier/Canada Soccer
CanMNT captain Stephen Eustáquio tips ‘baller’ midfield partner Ismaël Koné to star in Premier League
Tom Nightingale  @tdnightingale
9 months ago •
Published: March 23, 11:11 a.m. ET
Updated: March 24, 9:47 a.m. ET

“Ismaël Koné is the future.”

Canada striker Cyle Larin continues electric form with his 4th goal in 5 games for Real Mallorca

That’s been the general sentiment among the midfielder’s teammates and coaches around the Canadian men’s national team program since his breakthrough with the program in late 2022.

A raw natural talent with all-around midfield ability who is just as comfortable driving forward with the ball at his feet as he is tracking back to dispossess opponents, Koné’s rise from CF Montréal talent to Watford and CanMNT regular has been just a two-year journey so far. In that time, he’s come a long way.

After he starred for Canada against Honduras in the Nations League 12 months ago, then-captain Atiba Hutchinson predicted the young star has a great career ahead of him while former CanMNT coach John Herdman suggested the Montreal-raised talent “can go wherever he wants to” if he keeps his feet on the ground.

Still just 21 years old, Koné has racked up more than a half-century of appearances for Watford since joining the English Championship club in January of last year. In his first full season in England he has made 27 starts for the Hornets, more than he ever made for CF Montréal.

And he’s close to a guaranteed starter for Canada, too. Since the 2022 World Cup, Koné has started every single one of the eight games for which he has been available.

Most of those have been alongside his new captain, Stephen Eustáquio, who has praised the youngster in the past for his maturity, physicality, and energy.

That pair’s latest game together came on Saturday in the 2-0 win over Trinidad & Tobago in the make-or-break Copa América qualifying playoff.

In 89 minutes on the field during a crucial and often tense game, Ismaël Koné quietly shone. He sprayed passes around with 95 percent accuracy, played seven passes into the final third, created three chances for teammates, made six ball recoveries, and was only dispossessed once.

Eustáquio loves what he gets from his midfield partner on the pitch.

“I think he’s a baller,” Eustáquio told reporters at CanMNT’s pre-match press conference on Friday.

“He leads with his own way of playing. He always wants to dictate the tempo and all that. He’s been growing, but it’s easy as a player like him. He’s humble and he knows how to listen, and that’s the first step to being a better player. And he’s a good person as well. So I’m very happy to share the pitch with him.”

Courtesy: Beau Chevalier/Canada Soccer

Just how high is the ceiling for Ismaël Koné?

Koné was very open upon his move to Watford in January 2023 that he sees himself playing in the European big time one day in the not-too-distant future.

“The project is to come, develop my potential and become the top talent I can be and hopefully move to a higher team,” he said in his first interview as a Hornet. “I always wanted to play in the biggest leagues – the Champions League is in Europe. As a competitor, I want to be there.”

And already, with 16 Canada caps to Koné’s name, Eustáquio is convinced that his midfield partner will be playing in the biggest league in the world one day.

“He has a bright, bright future. I see a big future for him, even in the Premier League. This is the beginning of a very big and good story for him.”

Search
Search
Recent Articles
AC Milan set to sack Paulo Fonseca and replace him with ex-Porto boss Sérgio Conceição: report
Matías Cóccaro leaving CF Montréal after one season to join Liga MX’s Atlas: reports
Former Vancouver Whitecaps forward Fafà Picault will play for Lionel Messi’s Inter Miami in 2025
Lazio reportedly looking to sign Canada’s Ismaël Koné from Marseille in €11 million loan-to-buy deal
Atlético Ottawa set to hire former Liga MX manager Diego Mejía: report
Follow us on social!
AC Milan set to sack Paulo Fonseca and replace him with ex-Porto boss Sérgio Conceição: report
By Canadian Soccer Daily Staff
Matías Cóccaro leaving CF Montréal after one season to join Liga MX’s Atlas: reports
By Tom Nightingale
Read Newsletter

Want more Canadian Soccer Daily direct to your inbox?

Email address
 I accept the terms and privacy policy
 SUBSCRIBE

Your email address will be stored by Canadian Soccer Daily so that we can send you Canadian Soccer Daily updates by email. You can unsubscribe at any time. For more details about your data privacy and your rights please see our privacy policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://canadiansoccerdaily.com/2024/03/23/canmnt-stephen-eustaquio-tips-baller-ismael-kone-to-star-in-premier-league/ 
 ----- 
