Fixtures & Results
MORE
Shop
Tickets
OneSoccer
 
Francais
FULL SCHEDULE
OCT 19 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
1 - 0
FT
OCT 23 - WED
11:30 PM UTC
2 - 0
FT
OCT 27 - SUN
5:00 PM UTC
2(5) - 2(4)
FT
OCT 27 - SUN
8:15 PM UTC
0 - 1
FT
NOV 02 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
1 - 0
FT
NOV 09 - SAT
8:00 PM UTC
2 - 1
FT
FULL SCHEDULE
Jacob Shaffelburg celebrates a goal against Trinidad and Tobago (Photo: Concacaf)
MATCH ANALYSIS: Persistent Canada rewarded with Copa América berth after win over Trinidad & Tobago
2024-03-23
by
MITCHELL TIERNEY, DIGITAL CONTENT PRODUCER (@MITCHELLTIERNEY)
NEWS
Final Score: Canada 2-0 Trinidad and Tobago
Goalscorers: Larin 61′, Shaffelburg 90+1′
2024 Copa América Play-In
Match in a minute or less

At the end of the day, it was job done for Canada, who despite not always being convincing, maintained their composure enough to secure a 2-0 win over Trinidad and Tobago on Saturday, and a spot in the 2024 Copa América.

After a frustrating first hour of the match, Canada finally found a breakthrough in the 61st minute through all-time leading goalscorer Cyle Larin, who added his 29th goal for his country to give Canada a 1-0 lead. The previously cagey match opened up thereafter, and Jacob Shaffelburg found the back of the net on one of several Canadian counterattacks in the late going to put the match to bed in stoppage time.

With the victory, Canada will now take part in the opening match of the 2024 Copa América against Argentina on June 20, followed by Peru (June 25) and Chile (June 29).

Three Observations
Canada ride out uneven performance to reach Copa América

For at least the first hour on Saturday, the Canadian men’s national team looked a touch disjointed and underwhelming against a Trinidad and Tobago side who were fully up for the challenge.

The few chances that they created were squandered, there was a distinct lack of movement, Trinidad fired a few close warning shots on the counter-attack finding acres of space through the middle of the park and the less said about the set pieces the better (although admittedly they will be covered at length later in this analysis).

However, Canada stuck to their principles. There was no significant tactical or personnel change from Mauro Biello through the first hour, and Canada’s persistent approach finally paid off in the 61st minute when Cyle Larin opened the scoring.

“We knew it was going to be a difficult game,” said interim Canadian men’s national team head coach Mauro Biello. “We knew what type of game this was going to be, a team that is very physical, closes spaces down, doesn’t give you much sitting in a low block and trying to hit us with the counter. I think what I was most proud of was the players’ mentality. It’s easy to get frustrated in games like this where we weren’t scoring but we were able to stay on task.”

In a changing of the guard moment, Canada’s new leaders stepped up and were able to get the job done even as frustration mounted. New captain Stephen Eustáquio was his usual tidy self in midfield, controlling possession while getting back in transition to cut out Trinidad opportunities.

While the final product let him down on a few occasions, a bit of an unfortunate theme for Canada on Saturday, Alphonso Davies put in an outstanding effort despite regularly being covered by multiple Trinidad players. Even when he lost the ball, he put in a strong second effort to win it back — leading to several high-quality Canadian opportunities. For a player who had made it clear he wanted to be a leader of this team going forward, it was a mature performance.

And then Larin, despite it being far from his best performance in a Canada shirt, once again scored a massive goal for the country, his 29th and one of his biggest, which stood as the winner.

Ultimately, this was a pass/fail test for the Canadian men’s national team. Under a lot of pressure, and against a resilient and hard-working Trinidad and Tobago team, they passed, and as a result, deserve their place in the 2024 Copa América.

 

Fearless Jacob Shaffelburg continuing to prove an important impact player for Canada

In the most important match for the Canadian men’s national team since the 2022 World Cup, the first player off the bench was Jacob Shaffelburg.

A player who featured for a total of ten minutes during 2022 World Cup qualifying, and was not part of the tournament squad, the left winger is proving himself to be an important impact player for the national team when called upon.

He scored in extra time against the United States at this summer’s Gold Cup, and found the back of the net again for Canada in stoppage time on Saturday to all but book their place at the 2024 Copa América.

In 20 minutes of action, the 24-year-old had another thunderous shot from distance which struck the post and was constantly looking to be direct and dangerous when on the ball.

“Every time he has been called and every time he has come in, he’s done super well,” said Biello. “He was so sharp this week in training, one of the sharpest players in training so I’m so happy that he was able to transfer that energy and that quality that he showed in training into the game. It was a great goal and he has that pace and that quality to deliver a good cross.”

In this year’s Concacaf Champions Cup, Shaffelburg made headlines for scoring a brace against Inter Miami and Lionel Messi. Now the young winger from Kentville, Nova Scotia could come face to face with the Argentine legend again at this summer’s Copa América. He is certainly proving to be deserving of a spot in that squad.

Lack of quality on corner kicks nearly costs Canada

As Canada looked to break down a well-organized and hard-working Trinidad and Tobago low block, several deflected shots and crosses resulted in 14 corner kick opportunities, including 11 in the first half alone. But the team did not anywhere near take advantage of these multiple attacking opportunities, which ultimately ruined their momentum on several occasions.

Without Steven Vitória, who was not called up, Canada were without the player who has been their main target on attacking set pieces for the past few years. The players who were in the box regularly failed to provide dynamic movement — and were far too easy to mark.

After Canada tried to get inventive on their first few set pieces, playing them short and changing the angle of the delivery. But when those were not effective, whether it was Alphonso Davies delivering from the right, or Stephen Eustáquio from the left, Canada’s corner kick deliveries became remarkably repetitive. They were often an easy claim for Trinidad and Tobago goalkeeper Denzil Smith.

This played into the hands of the Soca Warriors, quite literally, as Smith was not only able to collect, but also move the ball upfield quickly while many of Canada’s defenders were up the pitch. Considering Trinidad and Tobago also had a significant height and physicality advantage, just putting the ball into the six-yard box was never going to be Canada’s best approach.

Seeing as this was the first time Canada had been together in camp since November it is not the biggest surprise that their set pieces weren’t especially calibrated. But in the camps leading up to Copa América, this is something Canada need to dial in because opportunities against top teams will be fewer and further between — and a quality set piece delivery or routine could make all the difference.

Set pieces can ultimately win or lose soccer matches, and they could have easily lost Saturday’s contest for Canada.

CanPL.ca Player of the Match

Alphonso Davies, Canada

It wasn’t an easy afternoon for Canada’s star player, but he put in an effort worthy of celebration. Davies had two shot attempts, and three key passes — while winning 12 of his 18 duels, creating many of Canada’s best chances of Saturday.

What’s next?

Canada’s next scheduled match is on June 6 in a friendly against the Netherlands in Rotterdam. They open the 2024 Copa América on June 20 against Argentina at Mercedez-Benz Stadium in Atlanta.

CANPL
HOME
MEDIA RELEASES
ABOUT US
OUR PARTNERS
CAREERS
CONTACT
CLUBS
PACIFIC FC
VANCOUVER FC
CAVALRY FC
VALOUR FC
FORGE FC
YORK UNITED FC
ATLÉTICO OTTAWA
HFX WANDERERS FC
STATS
SCHEDULE
STANDINGS
PLAYER STATS
ROSTERS
DISCIPLINE & SUSPENSIONS
CANADIAN CHAMPIONSHIP
CPL CENTRE CIRCLE
CC MEMBERSHIP
CANPL.CA NEWSROOM PODCAST
CENTRE CIRCLE SUPPORT
CENTRE CIRCLE FAQ
CENTRE CIRCLE DATA
SHOP
CLUB TICKETS
CPL SHOP
ONESOCCER
SOCIAL
CPL ON FACEBOOK
CPL ON X
CPL ON INSTAGRAM
CPL ON LINKEDIN
CPL ON SNAPCHAT
CPL ON YOUTUBE
CPL ON TIKTOK
© 2024
CANADIAN PREMIER LEAGUE
READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Analytics Growth Hacking
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://canpl.ca/article/match-analysis-persistent-canada-rewarded-with-copa-america-berth-after-win-over-trinidadtobago 
 ----- 
