SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
Canada get "dream progression" to Copa América 2024
Ben Steiner

Sunday, Mar 24, 2024, 12:09 AM

When the final whistle sounded Saturday at Toyota Stadium, Canada had averted disaster.

After calling up a younger roster and omitting several veterans that got them to the 2022 World Cup, interim head coach Mauro Biello helped steer a 2-0 win over Trinidad & Tobago to earn a Copa América 2024 spot.

Despite some nervy moments, Canada have secured at least three all-important competitive matches this summer – highlighted by the tournament opener against reigning World Cup champions Argentina on June 20. In Group A, they’ll also face Peru and Chile.

“I'm super happy for all our fans,” Biello said postgame. “First and foremost, what this means to us and all of our fans is huge – to be in Copa América and play against the world champions is what all the soccer fans and sports fans want to see. It's a dream progression for these guys to say they will play in Copa América.”

While Canada dominated from kickoff, with Jonathan David operating as an attacking midfielder, pulling strings behind Cyle Larin and Iké Ugbo, they struggled to develop clear-cut chances until the second half.

On their 12th shot of the match, former Orlando City SC striker Cyle Larin (61’) opened the scoring with a deft left-footed finish past goalkeeper Denzil Smith. Nashville SC winger Jacob Shaffelburg (90+1’) sealed the result in second-half stoppage time, smashing the ball into the top corner after bursting up the left wing.

In navigating a tougher match than expected, Canada did what they needed and got themselves to Copa América, clinching vital preparation matches ahead of co-hosting the 2026 World Cup on home soil.

Okay FORREAL this time.

WE’VE QUALIFIED FOR COPA AMÉRICA!!!!

Had our locations wrong, didn’t want you all showing up to the wrong stadium 😉 pic.twitter.com/N69ESLSJim

— CANMNT (@CANMNT_Official) March 23, 2024
Mission accomplished

Since going three-and-out at Qatar 2022, the CanMNT’s struggles in subsequent Concacaf Nations Leagues, plus off-field challenges for the federation, had dented the team’s public image.

Yet, with Saturday’s victory and recent appointments within the federation, including the hiring of CEO and general secretary Kevin Blue, there’s new energy as the 2026 World Cup approaches.

“We had that experience in Qatar, and now we get to build on that,” Biello added. “Now, we have the opportunity to play some of these high-level teams, allowing the players to gain that experience, and that’s something we wanted to achieve.”

While Canada’s victory may have been more difficult than anticipated, former MLS stars Alphonso Davies and Tajon Buchanan showed maturity in wide areas. Buchanan especially found one-on-one opportunities and isolated opposing defenders.

“He's been working hard, and things are going well over at Inter Milan while he's super snappy and waiting for his movements to get into playing time as a midfielder,” Biello said of Buchanan. “For us over here, he is an important player who can obviously make a difference.”

Alphonso Davies has won all three matches he's played against Lionel Messi 👀

With Canada taking on Argentina in the first match of the 2024 Copa America, will he make it 4-for-4? ⚽ pic.twitter.com/01BYHaV4O9

— CBS Sports Golazo ⚽️ (@CBSSportsGolazo) March 23, 2024
Critical summer

Saturday’s result also proved vital for several players looking to solidify their roles within the national team.

Shaffelburg continued the form he showcased with a recent brace against Inter Miami in Concacaf Champions Cup action, indicating he could play a starting role in the future. There was also a senior debut for 18-year-old Fulham center back Luc De Fougerolles, whose late-game cameo solidified him in the CanMNT picture moving forward.

“It was very important [to give him minutes] and that cap,” Biello added in French on the teenaged defender. “He did very well in training and progressed a lot. We got the chance to play him today. He has great potential.”

With the result secured, Canada have plenty to look forward to in the coming months, getting a chance in Copa América while also adding importance to a June 6 friendly against the Netherlands.

Now, pushing towards a critical summer, the result potentially paved a path towards Biello earning the full-time role as Canada’s manager.

“It was a tough loss to Jamaica [in the Concacaf Nations League quarterfinals], and I think there was a lot more time and preparation behind the scenes to prepare this team for this,” Biello said. “We want to savor this victory right now.”

Ben Steiner -
@BenSteiner00
CANADA
MATCHDAY
CONCACAF NATIONS LEAGUE
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/canada-get-dream-progression-to-copa-america-2024 
 ----- 
