SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
Canada overcome Trinidad & Tobago to punch 2024 Copa América ticket
MLSsoccer staff

Saturday, Mar 23, 2024, 10:00 PM

Canada have booked their place in this summer's Copa América, grinding out a 2-0 victory vs. Trinidad & Tobago on Saturday afternoon at FC Dallas' Toyota Stadium in their 2023-24 Concacaf Nations League Play-In match.

Cyle Larin gave Canada a 61st-minute lead, firing past goalkeeper Denzil Smith after Tajon Buchanan's driving run led to a lay-off pass from Ike Ugbo. The former Orlando City SC striker now has 29 all-time goals for Les Rouges, extending his lead atop the program's goalscoring charts.

Nashville SC winger Jacob Shaffelburg then iced the match in the 91st minute, roofing a left-footed shot past Smith on a fast break. That made amends for his 87th-minute long-range effort, which knuckled off the post.

Trinidad & Tobago weathered the storm during Canada's first-half pressure, often countering through Levi García. However, the AEK Athens winger was repeatedly thwarted by Portland Timbers goalkeeper Maxime Crépeau.

Goals
61' - CAN - Cyle Larin | WATCH
90+1' - CAN - Jacob Shaffelburg | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: Canada faced pressure to qualify for the 2024 Copa América after falling to Jamaica in their Concacaf Nations League quarterfinal series last November. So it's mission accomplished from this last-ditch opportunity, and they'll help open South America's prestigious tournament on June 20 vs. Inter Miami megastar Lionel Messi and Argentina at Mercedes-Benz Stadium (home of Atlanta United). Since they've auto-qualified for the 2026 World Cup, high-stakes matches like that are crucial.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Jacob Shaffelburg sealed Canada's fate, translating his strong Nashville SC form into his second senior international goal.

JACOB SHAFFELBURG ROOFS IT 💪🇨🇦 pic.twitter.com/PL7LEjzkg0

— CBS Sports Golazo ⚽️ (@CBSSportsGolazo) March 23, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: Stephen Eustáquio showed why he was handed the captain's armband. The FC Porto midfielder got stuck in and expertly pinged the ball around, organizing against a stubborn Trinidad & Tobago defense. 
Next Up
CAN: Thursday, June 6 at Holland (2:45 pm ET) | International friendly
TAT: Wednesday, June 5 vs. Grenada (4 pm ET) | World Cup qualifier
MLSsoccer staff -
@mls
CONCACAF NATIONS LEAGUE
MATCHDAY
CANADA
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/canada-overcome-trinidad-tobago-to-punch-2024-copa-america-ticket 
 ----- 
