Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
International Friendlies 2022-23
Czech Republic vs North Macedonia Prediction and Betting Tips | June 10th 2024
Czech Republic vs North Macedonia Prediction and Betting Tips | June 10th 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Jun 08, 2024 20:10 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Czech Republic lock horns with North Macedonia in a friendly on Monday

The Czech Republic will invite North Macedonia to Malšovická Aréna in a friendly on Monday. The hosts travel to Germany for UEFA Euro 2024 after this match while the visitors will conclude the ongoing international break.

The hosts are unbeaten in their last six games in all competitions, recording five wins. They met Malta in a friendly on Friday and registered a thumping 7-1 win. Antonín Barák broke the deadlock from the penalty spot in the sixth minute while Mojmír Chytil bagged a brace.

The visitors have endured a five-game winless run in all competitions, suffering three losses. They failed to score for the second match in a row on Monday as they suffered a 3-0 loss to Croatia. They have scored just one goal in 2024 thus far and will look to conclude their international break on a positive note.

Trending
Czech Republic vs North Macedonia Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have crossed paths just three times in all competitions thus far, with one match being a friendly. As expected, the hosts have the upper hand in these meetings with an unbeaten record and two wins.
They last met in the 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers, with the hosts recording a comfortable 6-1 win.
The hosts have won their last three friendlies. Interestingly, they have conceded one goal apiece in these games.
North Macedonia have suffered four consecutive losses in away games, failing to score in three games in that period.
Czechia are unbeaten in their last seven home games in all competitions, recording six wins.
The hosts have won four of their last five friendlies and have scored 21 goals in their last four friendlies at home.
Czech Republic vs North Macedonia Prediction

Nároďák are in good touch, winning five of their last six games while conceding just four goals. Tomas Soucek, Lukáš Provod, and Patrik Schick were unused substitutes against Malta and might make an appearance from the bench in this match.

Lavovi have suffered two consecutive losses without scoring a goal and will look to return to goalscoring ways. They have failed to score in nine of their last 10 away games, which is a cause for concern.

Considering the current form of the two teams and the hosts' better goalscoring form, the Czech Republic are expected to register a comfortable win.

Prediction: Czech Republic 3-1 North Macedonia

Czech Republic vs North Macedonia Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Czech Republic to win

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Over 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Mojmír Chytil to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

International Friendlies 2022-23 Czech Republic Football Macedonia Football Antonín Barák Tomas Soucek Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/czech-republic-vs-north-macedonia-prediction-betting-tips-june-10th-2024 
 ----- 
