HOME
CRICKET
South Africa in ANOTHER choke for the ages as minnows Netherlands knock them out of World Cup
ADELAIDE, AUSTRALIA - NOVEMBER 06: Wayne Parnell of South Africa stands out for a duck Caught Scott Edwards and bowled Brandon Glover of the Netherlands during the ICC Men's T20 World Cup match between South Africa and Netherlands at Adelaide Oval on November 06, 2022 in Adelaide, Australia. (Photo by Sarah Reed/Getty Images)
Source: Getty Images
Fox Cricket with AFP from Afp
November 6th, 2022 3:22 pm

South Africa can add another unbelievable choke to its cricket World Cup history after blowing a chance to go through to the semi finals by losing to the Netherlands.

The Proteas are eliminated, despite being undefeated after three games — which included a win against India.

South Africa was expected to comfortably beat cricket minnows Netherlands, who are ranked 17th in the world and were bottom of Group 2.

It’s crunch time at the T20 World Cup and you can catch every match live and ad-free in play on Kayo. New to Kayo? Start your free trial now >

The latest in a series of shocks at this tournament left Bangladesh and Pakistan fighting it out for the final spot in the last four.

Table-toppers India are on six points and play Zimbabwe in Melbourne in the final match of Sunday’s triple header, the result of which will decide the final Super 12 standings and who faces whom in the semis.

Chasing 159 for victory after man-of-the-match Colin Ackermann’s unbeaten 41, South Africa faltered to end on 145-8, with Dutch fast bowler Brandon Glover returning impressive figures of 3-9 in two overs.

“Hard one to swallow. We had the confidence and belief in ourselves as a unit to make the play-offs,” said South Africa skipper Temba Bavuma.

“Unfortunately for us, we couldn’t do it. Winning the toss and bowling, what they got wasn’t ideal.

“We lost wickets at crucial times. They used the dimensions of the field a lot better than we did.”

South Africa started their reply on a jittery note with openers Quinton de Kock and Bavuma out inside six overs with the score on 39.

The left-handed de Kock hit a four and six but soon fell caught behind to Fred Klaassen, for 13, and Bavuma was bowled by Paul van Meekeren for 20.

But it was Glover’s wicket of Rilee Rossouw that raised the Dutch hopes with the batsman, who hit the first century in this tournament, departing after a 19-ball 25.

The Proteas never looked convincing as Klaassen took down Aiden Markram for 17 and a Dutch shock started becoming a reality when Glover struck twice in one over.

He sent back the dangerous David Miller for 17 and then got Wayne Parnell caught behind for nought as the wheels came off the South Africa chase -- and with it their World Cup hopes.

Put in to bat first, the Dutch, who had only beaten Zimbabwe in the Super 12, started strongly with Stephan Myburgh’s 37 but lost their way. But then stepped in Ackermann.

He smashed three fours and two sixes in his 26-ball knock and along with skipper Scott Edwards helped the team get 31 runs from the final two overs.

“Lost for words,” said Edwards after the Dutch pulled off another stunner. “It’s definitely up there, another big upset for Netherlands in a World Cup.”

Ackermann added: “Feels fantastic, we really deserved this victory. “Boys worked really hard. Come in, and take it deep, and the boundaries flowed at the end.”

SPORTS
AFL
NRL
FOOTBALL
CRICKET
MOTORSPORT
RUGBY
NFL
BASKETBALL
TENNIS
GOLF
POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
RELEVANT ADS OPT-OUT
FOX SPORTS DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
FAQ'S AND CONTACT US
COOKIES POLICY
DATA USAGE POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ACCESSIBILITY
SITEMAP
RSS FEEDS
STAY CONNECTED ON SOCIAL MEDIA
FOX SPORTS AUSTRALIA 2021 ©
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com.au/cricket/t20-world-cup-2022-cricket-scores-netherlands-beat-south-africa-points-group-2-standings-semi-final-pakistan-vs-bangladesh/news-story/0c4d7b5b158b97bd16da5058bb69da85 
 ----- 
