Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Hard-fought series win emblematic of Nats' growth in 2024
Share
Hard-fought series win emblematic of Nats' growth in 2024
September 30th, 2024

Melanie Martinez-Lopez

Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

WASHINGTON -- There is one word manager Dave Martinez used to describe the Nationals’ 2024 season: experience.

“These guys got a lot of experience,” Martinez said. “We've seen some growth in a lot of those guys. We've seen some maturity in a lot of those guys.”

The most recent display of growth and experience culminated in Washington battling for a series win vs. Philadelphia on the final weekend. After earning the victory in the first two games, the young Nats stayed close to the Phillies, but they could not secure one more series sweep, losing, 6-3, on Sunday afternoon at Nationals Park.

“We played well to win a series against the Phillies, who obviously go into play in the playoffs in a few days,” Martinez said. “Shows you a lot about our club and what they want. They're hungry. They want to beat the Philadelphia Phillies and all these other clubs that are in the playoffs. I know they want that. And I want it more than anything. So just for them to go out there and bump heads with them and not quit and keep battling and have the winning run at home plate today, it says a lot.”

The Nationals, who have one of the youngest rosters in the Majors, were given an opportunity to gain experience going up against not only a team headed into the postseason but also two 2024 All-Star pitchers in Ranger Suárez on Friday and Zack Wheeler on Saturday. They seized it, winning the first two games of the series.

“I think [the emotions are] all elevated,” Martinez said. “I think the emotions yesterday -- how the game transpired -- we played pretty good against a Cy Young candidate. We hung right in there. That was a big part of, 'Hey, we can do this.' [They] played in front of 39,000 people -- or whatever it was -- that's good for them. They fed off of that, and they loved it. The energy was great about that team.”

Related
García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

2:13 AM UTC

INF Rosario inks one-year deal with Nationals

January 8th, 2025

Bell looks to make noise as the DH in DC

January 8th, 2025

Injuries & Moves: RHP Adon designated for assignment

January 8th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Nats finalize 1-year deal with Josh Bell

January 6th, 2025

The Nats brought the same energy into the series finale, responding immediately after the Phillies took a 2-0 lead in the first inning. Luis García Jr., who batted first for the second consecutive game, knocked his first leadoff homer of the season.

Philadelphia scored four more runs in the top of the fifth inning, but Washington again clipped right at its heels. A string of singles from Jacob Young, Nasim Nuñez, García and Juan Yepez brought the score to 6-3.

In the ninth inning, the Nats were almost successful in their attempt to rally for a walk-off win. They loaded the bases with no outs on a pair of singles and a walk, but Phillies reliever José Ruiz was able to fan García and James Wood before left fielder Kody Clemens caught Yepez’s attempt at a walk-off grand slam on the warning track.

“We played really good teams really well this year,” starter Jake Irvin said. “We played Baltimore really well. We played the Yankees really well. We played the Dodgers really well. We played the Braves really well. So we're there. We've done the stuff to win games against good teams. And I'm excited to continue that trend next year and continue to win big games, big series and just surprise some people.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Nationals finished the season with a 71-91 record, the same as last year. According to Irvin, it’s not an accurate reflection of what the team was able to accomplish.

“The record might not show it this season, but we got a bunch of guys that made debuts this year and we got a bunch of guys that have only played a year or less in the big leagues,” the right-hander said. “The way that I look at it, we have a lot of guys that are ready to compete and want to compete now. So for me and for everybody else in here, I hope that the focus is to come and be ready to compete for that championship, and I have no doubt in my mind that that's where it's going to be at the end of the day.”

Even though the season didn’t end the way the Nats would have liked, Martinez hopes the young players can bring the experience with them and add to it in 2025.

“I hope they understand that some of these guys are a bit ahead of the game because they were here so early,” Martinez said. “[I hope] that they learn from their mistakes, they learn from what they did well and they come to Spring Training with everything we've asked them to do over the winter and be ready to go.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals

Melanie Martinez-Lopez is an MLB Digital Content Diversity Fellow based in Washington, D.C.

You may have missed...
The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/nationals-wrap-2024-season-with-series-win-over-phillies 
 ----- 
