News Partner
Philadelphia Phillies
Phillies’ Bryson Stott Helps MLB Reach milestone not seen since 2012
By Anthony Adinolfi III
Posted on September 9, 2023
 Sign up for our email newsletter to stay up-to-date on the latest local sports news throughout Philadelphia.

PHILADELPHIA – With the uptick of faster prospects coming through MLB’s pipeline, it’s no surprise more aggressiveness is being shown on the base paths. Bryson Stott is one player who consistently exhibits this attitude as he helped MLB tie a league-wide record of 3,000 stolen bases when he swiped his 28th bag of the year against the Marlins on Friday night.

Bryson Stott helps the MLB make history

Catchers may be kicking themselves for aiding in the revival of this achievement but it also comes with a few other notable facts that may surprise you. This mark was last recorded during the 2012 season when a then-healthier Mike Trout led the league with 49 stolen bases en route to winning AL Rookie of the Year. The other top five stolen base leaders that season? Rajai Davis (46), Everth Cabrera (44), Michael Bourn (42), Jose Reyes and Ben Revere (40). Talk about a backstop’s worst nightmare.

Never miss a play!
Get the latest local sports news delivered to your inbox.
SIGN UP

?? Bryson Stott swipes the 3,000th stolen base in the Majors this season! ??

(MLB x @Ziprecruiter) pic.twitter.com/hXUDj9Cbya

— MLB (@MLB) September 9, 2023

Bryson Stott ranks 11th in stolen bases on the year with 28 to his name.

Who is Bryson Stott?

Bryson Stott made the Major League roster to start the 2022 season, but had no guarantee for playing time and had to work every step of the way as the Phillies also had Jean Segura and Didi Gregorius on the roster. Splitting time between second base and shortstop, Stott started 116 games on the year, hitting for a .234 average and a .653 OPS.

The 25-year old has started all but 13 games at second base for the Phillies this season, providing not only stability but one of the most consistent bats out of the position since the days of Chase Utley. The future certainly seems bright for Bryson Stott.

Why are there so many stolen bases now?

You could attribute the rule changes for the 2023 season as being the biggest driver behind the uptick in stolen bases. The largest change is seen with the implementation of the pitch clock which now gives pitchers only 20 seconds to go from the mound to home with a runner on base.

Another notable shift would be the limit of two pick-off attempts per batter in order to speed up the game and cut out consecutive attempts to the same runner. I was skeptical of the new rules since I’m a traditionalist of the sport but I must say, this has definitely been one of the best things for baseball.

Adding to history, first-time father Trea Turner sent a moonshot into the left field stands Friday night to mark his 7th homer in his last eight games. It seems the standing ovation from the Philly Phaithful has catapulted the shortstop into a frenzied finish with the postseason on the horizon. Phils remain in the top Wild Card spot and could play a multitude of teams as the standings come down to the wire.

Bryson Stott & Phillies Looking for Redemption against Miami

Last night’s 3-2 loss against the Marlins wasn’t what you’d like to see with only a month left in the regular season but the Phightins shouldn’t lose sleep over it. With longtime veteran-turned-MLB journeyman Johnny Cueto (1-3, 5.54 ERA) taking the bump for Miami, this could be a nice victory in the books. When he last met Philly, it ended with four runs surrendered in six innings and a 2-4 loss for the Blue Fish.

Aaron Nola (12-9, 4.55 ERA) will be opposite Cueto tonight as he currently rides a four-game win streak in his last five starts. In that same span, however, he has surrendered four round-trippers (two against San Fran) and sits top six in the league in most home runs allowed this season amongst qualifying pitchers. Regardless, he’s been delivering quality starts as of late and all cylinders have been firing for Philly which will only make for a dominant win tonight.

AP Photo/Brynn Anderson

Related Articles
What Moves Have the Phillies Made to Fix Their Bullpen Heading Into 2022?
Phillies Sign Reliever Jeurys Familia to a One Year Deal
The Phillies Should Bring Back Reliever Jake Diekman
Building the Ultimate Phillies’ Holiday Wish List – Part 2
Jobs in Philadelphia
ADD YOUR JOB
The Franklin Institute
Operations Technician I
Bucks County Windows
Marketing Intern
VIEW ALL JOBS…
Things to do in Philadelphia

 POST AN EVENT

Today, 1 pm
The 42nd Annual Boar’s Head & Yule Log Festival

St. Peter’s Lutheran Church
Today, 1 pm
Disney’s Encanto Sing Along

Bergen Performing Arts Center
Today, 4 pm
“LET IT GLOW!” A Holiday Lantern Spectacular

Bergen County Zoo
Jan. 14, 4 pm
Climate Fixers Storytelling Festival
Jan. 14, 6 pm
Wheel-throwing: Set The Table

utility works makerspace

VIEW ALL EVENTS…

More from our Sister Sites
Tailgate Sports
MLB Over/Under Bet of the Day: June 13, Royals vs Giants
AMNY
Bronx teen stabbing: Suspect accused of killing has long rap sheet and history of mental illness, law enforcement says
The Brooklyn Game
Offseason checklist: What Brooklyn Nets have to do this summer
Metro Philadelphia
Philadelphia Zoo announces new ‘Key to the Zoo’ private access tours
Contact Us
Work for Us
Networking Events
Jobs in Philadelphia
© 2025 Schneps Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phillysportsnetwork.com/2023/09/09/phillies-bryson-stott-record/ 
 ----- 
