Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Breaking down Schwarber’s unusual season
Share
Breaking down Schwarber’s unusual season
September 9th, 2023

Todd Zolecki

@ToddZolecki
Share

0:00

0:30

This story was excerpted from Todd Zolecki’s Phillies Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

Kyle Schwarber is a man of the people. So, of course, he hears the people. 

Schwarber said as much Monday evening at Petco Park in San Diego. Asked about his unusual 2023 season, he said, “Yeah, I think I’ve been a topic of conversation for a little bit.” 

And why is that? 

“I don’t know,” he said. “I guess the WAR stat doesn’t like me. Heck, do I like seeing a .193 [batting average]? No. Do I wish I was hitting higher? Absolutely. But, at the end of the day, I have to find a way to be a productive player for the team and help the team win. If that’s walking, if it’s driving in runs, scoring runs, whatever it is -- that’s what I have to do. The average part is frustrating, obviously. But everything else has been there. It’s kind of like the double-edged sword, right? But if we keep winning baseball games, heck, that’s all that matters.” 

So, how unusual has Schwarber’s season been? 

Really, really unusual. 

Schwarber is batting .195 with 41 home runs, 90 RBIs and an .816 OPS. He is the team’s leadoff hitter, which some fans still can’t grasp. A guy batting below .200 hitting leadoff? A guy that can’t steal bases? 

Yeah, and the Phillies keep winning.

Here is some interesting historical perspective on Schwarber’s season, courtesy of MLB.com’s Sarah Langs and Thomas Harrigan: 

Schwarber’s OPS is on pace to be the highest by any qualified player to hit less than .200 in a season. It also would be … 

• The highest OPS+ (122)
• The highest slugging percentage (.472)
• The most home runs
• The most RBIs
• The most total bases (240) 
• Tied with Tom Tresh for the second-highest offensive WAR (2.4)

• Schwarber is on pace to be the first qualified Phillies player to have more walks (112) than hits (99) in a season. It has happened 47 other times in baseball history, most recently by Juan Soto (2022) and Joey Gallo (2021). 

• Schwarber needs three more home runs to hold the top two spots in Phillies history in homers from the leadoff spot. He hit 38 homers as the leadoff hitter last year. Jimmy Rollins hit 30 in 2007. Schwarber has hit 28 of his 41 homers this year from the leadoff spot. 

Forget about Schwarber’s batting average for a second. Say, for argument’s sake, he is batting a more digestible .250. Schwarber entered Saturday tied for 39th out of 139 players in on-base percentage (.344), 44th in slugging percentage (.472) and tied for 37th in OPS. 

High on-base, high slug, hits bombs. 

Sounds like a solid leadoff hitter. 

“I just want to go out there and win baseball games,” Schwarber said. “I’ve gotten through the arbitration system. I’m here for [two more] years. Now, it’s time to win baseball games. What we did last year was great, and we came up short. We want to get back in that spot and hopefully finish the job. It’s not easy. But that’s why I wanted to come here and be a part of this. We have a really good team that is capable of going deep in the postseason every year.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Kyle Schwarber

Senior Reporter Todd Zolecki has covered the Phillies since 2003, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/kyle-schwarber-s-unusual-season-as-phillies-leadoff-hitter 
 ----- 
