Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Senzatela still searching in third start since return from TJ surgery
Share
Senzatela still searching in third start since return from TJ surgery
September 29th, 2024

Thomas Harding

@harding_at_mlb
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

DENVER -- Saturday night’s 13-2 blowout defeat against the Dodgers was a 100th-loss kind of night for the Rockies -- a franchise that didn’t reach triple figures in L’s for its first 30 years, but has done so the last two seasons.

There will be time to analyze how the Rockies can get better in 2025, but Saturday was a singularly poor snapshot of the Rockies’ suffering.

Their pitching yielded 18 hits and nine walks for the second time in club history, the first since May 19, 1999, when the Reds blasted 28 hits and drew nine walks. Reliever Jake Bird filled another poor stat column with two hit batsmen in the top of the ninth.

The offense managed six hits, including Ezequiel Tovar’s team-leading 26th home run of the season during a three-hit night.

Tovar, who didn’t turn 23 until Aug. 1, is the seventh player to record 175 or more hits, 45 or more doubles, and 25 or more homers in his age 22 season. Others are Rafael Devers (2019, Red Sox), Albert Pujols (2001, Cardinals), Alex Rodriguez (1996, Mariners), Cal Ripken Jr. (1983, Orioles), Jack Clark (1978, Giants) and Hal Trosky (1934, Cleveland).

But the operative number on Saturday was 100.

“I’ll state the obvious, it is bothersome,” manager Bud Black said. “Whether it’s loss No. 1, loss No. 50, you don’t like it. You don’t like losing. All of us in this game are competitors.”

The Rockies showed improvement through late August and early September, but they reached the century mark by winning two of their last nine. Four of those losses have come against the Dodgers, who have won the National League West for the 11th time in the last 12 years. But that’s a team the Rockies have to compete against better than on Saturday.

“This is a much different team than we anticipated in April,” said Black, whose team again played much of the year without oft-injured free-agent signee Kris Bryant, but have turned the roster over to youth. “But as the season goes along, We’re measured and evaluated. Where we are now and where we are going are different places.”

Related
Rockies avoid arbitration with Gomber, Feltner, Lawrence

1:30 AM UTC

Rockies, INF Estrada agree to 1-year pact with '26 option

January 9th, 2025

Rockies hoping health brings consistency in starting rotation

December 10th, 2024

Senzatela 'competing hard' as he prepares for big things next year

September 23rd, 2024

3 ways the Rockies could move forward in '25

January 4th, 2025

Needle pointing up for 8 breakout stars of 2024

December 20th, 2024

Righty Antonio Senzatela made consecutive starts against the Dodgers -- his second and third outings since returning from Tommy John surgery. The first meeting saw Senzatela hold the Dodgers to one run and five hits in five innings.

The second, well.

Senzatela, part of rotations that went to the postseason in 2017 and 2018, gave up a three-run homer to Kiké Hernández in the second inning, and seven runs (six earned) on six hits and four walks in 4 1/3 innings. Senzatela also had a balk when Shohei Ohtani was running (although Ohtani managed his 58th steal later) and saw catcher Will Smith time him well and get his first steal of the season.

“Tonight was different,” said Senzatela, who at his best is a low-walk, high contact pitcher. “I couldn’t command anything today. Nothing was working, so I tried to do the best I could.”

Senzatela, who also missed time in 2023 and 2024 because of left knee surgery before last season’s elbow blowout, is part of a group of experienced starters who should be healthy next season.

“I’m going to work this offseason to get better,” Senzatela said. “My arm is good. I’ll do my best with the other stuff and try to get right by next year.”

Black said, “I believe in Senza, thought he was going to be able to keep us in the game. Today he didn’t. He’s made three starts since he’s come back, and he’s still coming back from Tommy John and from a torn ACL two years ago. He’s going to have a good winter of workouts and get ready for ’25.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Righty Jeff Criswell yielded a three-run shot to Teoscar Hernández in the fifth to officially turn the game into a rout.

“There are young players getting an opportunity to show what they can do, and today wasn’t quite as sharp,” Black said. “I haven’t seen the pitch to Hernández for the three-run homer.

“The two three-run homers got us. That’s six runs, and the game got away from us late.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Colorado Rockies
Antonio Senzatela
Ezequiel Tovar

Senior Reporter Thomas Harding has covered the Rockies since 2000, and for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/antonio-senzatela-struggles-in-start-against-dodgers 
 ----- 
