Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo

LIVE COVERAGE

More than 9,000 homes, structures damaged or destroyed in Palisades, Eaton fires, officials say
ADVERTISEMENT
DODGERS
Dodgers clinch MLB’s best record as Shohei Ohtani continues triple-crown chase
Dodgers starting pitcher Yoshinobu Yamamoto works against the Colorado Rockies in the second inning Saturday in Denver. (David Zalubowski / Associated Press)
By Jack Harris
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 28, 2024 Updated 9:43 PM PT
Share

DENVER —  The Dodgers have often remarked this year that, with all their injuries and stretches of inconsistent play, they haven’t felt like the team with the best record in baseball.

Saturday was not one of those days.

Even before they took the field, the Dodgers clinched the best record in the majors this season, earning the distinction — and home-field advantage throughout the playoffs — for the fourth time since 2017 thanks to a loss by the Philadelphia Phillies.

Then, in the penultimate game of the regular season, the Dodgers played up to that status in a 13-2 rout of the Colorado Rockies.

ADVERTISEMENT
The Dodgers’ Shohei Ohtani still has a faint chance of winning the National League’s triple crown. (David Zalubowski / Associated Press)

“Tonight was a clinic,” manager Dave Roberts said. “They know that this is the last rehearsal before it matters. So they’re trying to lock in, which is good.”

Indeed, Saturday was the first time this year the Dodgers truly had nothing to play for in the standings. Yet, they kept their foot on the gas all the same.

ADVERTISEMENT

Yoshinobu Yamamoto pitched five solid innings, giving up just two runs in what Roberts described as a “great tune-up” ahead of the playoffs.

Kiké Hernández and Teoscar Hernández mashed three-run homers, highlighting an 18-hit outburst in which Kiké, Chris Taylor and Gavin Lux all had three knocks.

Dodger Tommy Edman congratulates Kiké Hernández as he crosses home plate after hitting a three-run home run against the Colorado Rockies Saturday in Denver. (David Zalubowski / Associated Press)
ADVERTISEMENT

Shohei Ohtani also continued his late chase of a potential (albeit long-shot) National League triple crown, going two for five, with his 58th stolen base of the season, to finish the day four batting average points behind Luis Arraez for the batting title.

“It’s really satisfying,” Roberts said of clinching MLB’s best record, with his club now 97-64. “So now, once we finish out tomorrow, we’ll regroup over the week. And I expect our guys to have that same focus, and more so than we’ve had these last few weeks.”

The most important item on Saturday’s to-do list was Yamamoto’s start, his longest since returning from a shoulder injury earlier this month.

Yamamoto’s first three starts back had gotten progressively less impressive, following up a pair of four-inning efforts earlier this month with a three-inning, four-run clunker against the Rockies in Los Angeles last week.

After that last appearance, Yamamoto started feeling “under the weather,” according to Roberts. Yamamoto described it as “just a regular cold.”

Whatever the case, there were few signs of trouble in the rookie Japanese right-hander’s four-hit, six-strikeout performance, the first of his career at hitter-friendly and high-altitude Coors Field.

DODGERS

Champagne, hugs and T-shirts: Inside the unforgettable night Shohei Ohtani reached 50-50
Sept. 20, 2024

He gave up one run in the first, after a couple of bloop singles and a sacrifice fly. Ezequiel Tovar took him deep in the third, on a first-pitch cutter Yamamoto left up in the zone. Outside of that, the $325-million offseason signing faced little stress, finishing his debut MLB season with a 7-2 record, 3.00 ERA and 105 strikeouts in 90 innings over 18 starts.

“It was not a perfect season for me due to my injury, because I was away from the team,” Yamamoto said through interpreter Yoshihiro Sonoda. “However, I learned a lot, I experienced great things and my teammates helped accumulate the wins, leading us into October. I really appreciate it and I will like to do my best to contribute.”

While the Dodgers haven’t yet finalized their pitching rotation for the National League Division Series, Yamamoto seems likely to go in Game 2 of the best-of-five set a week from Sunday.

DODGERS

After ‘long funk’ and struggles with fastballs, has Will Smith rediscovered his swing?
Sept. 28, 2024

Before Saturday’s game, Roberts said his best guess at the moment is that Jack Flaherty will start Game 1 next Saturday. Given the team’s preference to start Yamamoto on no less than five days’ rest — a routine he has followed all year after pitching roughly once per week in Japan’s Nippon Professional Baseball league — that would mean the 25-year-old would only pitch once in the NLDS and be unavailable for a potential Game 5.

The Dodgers, of course, are hoping that Flaherty, Yamamoto and the rest of the pitching staff perform well enough to keep the series from going that long.

Before the Dodgers turn their attention entirely to October, however, there is one last point of intrigue entering Sunday’s regular-season finale.

Ohtani does still technically have a chance for what would be the National League’s first triple crown since 1937. However, it will take a monumental effort in Game 162.

While Ohtani finished Saturday with a .310 batting average — having raised the mark a whopping 24 points while going 26 for 38 in his last nine games — Arraez didn’t play in the San Diego Padres’ win over the Arizona Diamondbacks, getting a day off after they clinched home-field advantage in next week’s wild-card round.

Roberts didn’t ridicule the decision pregame, but noted he’d be “shocked” if Arraez doesn’t play Sunday.

DODGERS

‘That’s why you keep working.’ How Mookie Betts snapped a slump at the perfect time
Sept. 27, 2024

“Hopefully he plays tomorrow and goes 0-fer, and Shohei has another 4-hit game,” Roberts said.

If Arraez does go 0 for four on Sunday, his final batting average would be .312 (or .3119 to be more precise). To top that, Ohtani would have to go three for four or better.

Not impossible. But, as Roberts noted, also “very unlikely.”

“I would expect Arraez to play tomorrow,” Roberts reiterated. “And we’ll see if Shohei can throw out another big day.”

Kiermaier hurts finger

Center fielder Kevin Kiermaier was already looking like the odd man out of the Dodgers’ postseason roster on the position player side. Then, while trying to stretch a single into a double in the fourth inning, he dislocated his left ring finger while getting tagged out.

Kiermaier left the game, then had his finger popped back into place by the training staff, according to Roberts.

“Now it’s just sore,” Roberts said. “I guess he’s in that day-to-day category.”

More to Read
Hernández: How Shohei Ohtani drove himself to become a first-time World Series champion
Oct. 31, 2024
Dodgers ‘banking on’ Shohei Ohtani playing in Game 3 of the World Series vs. Yankees
Oct. 27, 2024
Shaikin: Yoshinobu Yamamoto proves there is still strength in Dodgers’ starting pitching
Oct. 27, 2024
Show Comments
DODGERS
Newsletter

Are you a true-blue fan?

Get our Dodgers Dugout newsletter for insights, news and much more.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Jack Harris
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Jack Harris covers the Dodgers for the Los Angeles Times. Before that, he covered the Angels, the Kings and almost everything else the L.A. sports scene had to offer. A Phoenix native, he originally interned at The Times before joining the staff in 2019.

More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
2 hours ago

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Palisades fire: Evacuations, road closures, shelters, schools, forecast
Fast-moving Eaton fire explodes in Pasadena, Altadena: ‘We’re not playing around. This is serious’
Aubrey Plaza says husband’s death was an ‘unimaginable tragedy’
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Dodgers
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024
Shaikin: By re-signing Teoscar Hernández, Dodgers raise the financial stakes even higher
Dec. 28, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2024-09-28/dodgers-rockies-saturday-game-recap 
 ----- 
