Skip to content
Subscribe Now
24°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies, routed by Dodgers, lose 100 games for second straight season
L.A. pounds out 18 hits, Rockies pitchers walk nine
As second base umpire Roberto Ortiz, back, waits to make the call, Colorado Rockies second baseman Aaron Schunk, front right, tags out Los Angeles Dodgers’ Kevin Kiermaier at second base as he tries to stretch his RBI single into a double in the fourth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 28, 2024 at 10:01 PM MST

Rox bottom. Again.

The Colorado Rockies went 30 years without losing 100 games in a season. Now they’ve done it in back-to-back seasons. At least they aren’t the White Sox.

The Dodgers lambasted them, 13-2, on Saturday night at Coors Field in front of an announced crowd of 48,395, the eighth sellout of the season.

“I’ll state the obvious: it is bothersome,” manager Bud Black said about the 100-loss seasons. “Whether it’s loss No. 1, loss No. 50, you don’t like them, you don’t like losing. All of us in this game are competitors.

“But in the bigger picture, you have to look at the perspective of where we are with our team, and where we are going. That’s the bigger picture through all of this. … This is a much different team than it was in April.

“As far as (100), those are losses, we have been beaten by the other team. And there are games that we have also lost ourselves, but not that many. In most cases, we have been beaten.”

Loss No. 100 included:

• Three-run homers by the Dodgers’ Kike Hernandez and Toescar Hernandez, and 18 hits overall for Los Angeles, including four doubles.

• A 2-for-5 night by superstar Shohei Ohtani, who’s chasing a rare triple crown as the season enters its final day on Sunday. Ohtani, who’s already clinched the home run (54) and RBI titles (130), is hitting .310, just behind San Diego’s Luis Arraez’s .314.

• Nine walks by Rockies pitchers, including four by starter Antonio Senzatela in his 4 1/3 innings. Two of those free passes were leadoff walks — to Will Smith in the fourth and Ohtani in the fifth — and both came around to score. Also, reliever Jake Bird hit two batters in the Dodger’s four-run ninth.

Saturday marked just the second time in franchise history that the Rockies allowed 18 or more hits while issuing at least nine walks in a single game. The last time was on May 19, 1999, vs. Cincinnati, when the Reds had 28 hits and drew nine walks.

The Rockies lost 103 games last season, and expectations were low heading into this one. While hope is on the horizon with young players on the roster and talented prospects waiting for their chance, the here and now is ugly.

Fittingly, the uber-talented Dodgers put the Rockies in the triple-digit loss column again. Los Angeles improved to 8-3 against Colorado this season and is 5-1 at Coors. All time, L.A. is 315-212 vs. the Rockies.

Rockies shortstop Ezequiel Tovar, whom Black continues to tout as the worthy Gold Glove winner, continued to show why he’s the team’s MVP. He hit a solo home run in the third, his team-leading 26th. He also singled in Colorado’s one-run first inning and singled in the ninth to raise his average to .270.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 28, 2024 at 9:12 PM MST
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Taking Metformin? Use This Household Food to Lower Blood Sugar Naturally
Diabetes Freedom
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
ASK Parents
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Las Vegas: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Free Products & Food From These 15 Companies
The Penny Hoarder
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Warning Signs That You Have TNBC (Examine Closely)
TNBC Treatment I Search Ads
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health News | Diabetes
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth No One Wants to Talk About!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Banks Offering Las Vegas Homes at Massive Discounts. Don't Miss Out!
Real Estate Sales
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
15 Surprising Foods You Should Not Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Neuropathy & Nerve Pain: Why Didn't Your Neurologist Tell You About This?
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
Red Flag Symptoms of Bipolar Disorder Most People Are Unaware of : Quick Test
Bipolar Test
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Here's What Causing Your Feet to Swell (And What to Do)
WellnessGaze Edema
If You Can't Sleep (Insomnia) - Do This Next Time You Sleep
WG Sleep Health
Signals of Crohn`s Disease You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do! (See Here)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
10 Bad Foods You Should Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Erase Nerve Damage (Neuropathy) With This Simple Daily Routine
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Plastic Surgeon Tells: if You Have Wrinkles, Do This Immediately (It's Genius!)
WellnessGaze Skin
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Let This Soft Mineral Melt in Your Mouth to Rebuild Teeth and Gums
WellnessGaze Dental
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Air Conditioners Prices in 2024 Will Surprise You (Take a Look)
Air Condition I Search Ads
Silent but Dangerous: Understanding the Appearance of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Doctors Stunned: the One-minute Morning Ritual That Erases Joint Pain!
Healthier Living Tips
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have a Gassy Stomach, Do This Immediately for Parasite Cleanse
WellnessGaze News
10 Foods You Should Never Eat for Dinner
HEALTH NATURAL
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Rare Krugerrand gold coin found in Salvation Army red kettle
National Western Stock Show kick-off parade delayed for snow
Backcountry skier killed in avalanche in Colorado’s San Juan Mountains
After losing its previous space, comedy club finds new home, fills it with stand-up headliners
Asking Eric: Son shuns parents’ guest at holiday dinner
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
Renck: Broncos’ Bo Nix has finally exorcised demons of John Elway not drafting Josh Allen
Broncos Mailbag: Does Bo Nix play better when Sean Payton keeps the offensive plan simple?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
2024
September
28
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/28/rockies-100-losses-dodgers-score/ 
 ----- 
