MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Ohtani launches homer No. 54, steals 57th base as NL West-champion Dodgers power by Rockies 11-4
Updated Sep. 28, 2024 12:49 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

DENVER (AP) — Shohei Ohtani hit his 54th homer of the season, a towering three-run shot, after stealing his 57th base earlier in the game and the NL West-champion Los Angeles Dodgers powered past the Colorado Rockies 11-4 on Friday night.

The Dodgers designated hitter finished 4 for 5, which also included a pair of singles and a double, and drove in four runs. He now has 24 hits over his last 34 at-bats.

“Shohei, he put on a show,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said.

Ohtani is making a serious charge at a Triple Crown, leading the NL in homers (54) and RBIs (130). He raised his average to .309 to trail only the Padres' Luis Arráez (.314 after going 3 for 5 against the Diamondbacks on Friday night) in the batting-title race.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

With his swipe of second base in the second inning, Ohtani passed Ichiro Suzuki for the most stolen bases in a single season by a Japanese-born player. Ohtani was wearing spikes featuring a picture of his dog, Decoy.

Ohtani's three-run blast in the sixth inning landed in the second deck at Coors Field. It was a no-doubter at the crack of the bat, with the sellout crowd instantly erupting, an early show before the fireworks display that awaited after the game.

“(Ohtani) hits the ball really hard because he swings hard and he’s a strong man,” Rockies manager Bud Black said. “He’s a really unbelievable talent.”

His 408 total bases this season are second-most in franchise history. Babe Herman set the record of 416 in 1930.

The Dodgers are now 38-12 this season when Ohtani goes yard.

Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026?...
Save money with a 0% intro APR credit card for up to 18...
NerdWallet|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

“He's locked in,” teammate Chris Taylor said. “He's definitely in a zone right now. He's feeling it. We're all just watching him continue to have a good year and he's finishing it strong."

Teoscar Hernández got things started for Los Angeles with a two-run homer in the first. Andy Pages also homered for the Dodgers, who arrived in town fresh off clinching their third straight division title Thursday. The Dodgers moved two games up on the Philadelphia Phillies for the top seed in the National League.

Ben Casparius (2-0) picked up the win for Los Angeles, going 4 1/3 innings, in a game where the Dodgers started reliever Ryan Brasier.

Cal Quantrill (8-11) struggled against the Dodgers' potent lineup, allowing six runs and two homers over 3 1/3 innings.

At 61-99, the Rockies need to win their final two games to avoid back-to-back 100-loss seasons.

A positive for Colorado: Outfielder Brenton Doyle stole his 30th base of the season Friday. That's the most by a Colorado player since Charlie Blackmon had 43 in 2015.

It was a fortunate coincidence the second-base bag needed to be replaced as Blackmon stepped up to the plate in the first inning. The switch allowed his walk-up song “Your Love” by The Outfield to play a little bit longer. The designated hitter/outfielder known for his bushy beard announced Monday he's retiring after 14 seasons — all with the Rockies.

The organization will honor him before Sunday's season finale. Blackmon had a single and two walks Friday.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Dodgers: 1B Freddie Freeman didn’t make the trip to Colorado so he could rest a sore ankle. Freeman was on crutches and in a walking boot after leaving Thursday's game. The Dodgers also left SS Miguel Rojas at home due to a torn adductor.

UP NEXT

The Dodgers will send righty Yoshinobu Yamamoto (6-2, 2.96 ERA) to the mound Saturday night. The Rockies counter with righty Antonio Senzatela (0-0, 3.38).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Justin Verlander joining Giants on $15 million deal for his 20th season
2025 MLB free-agent signing tracker, trades: Giants sign Justin Verlander
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Los Angeles Dodgers
Shohei Ohtani
Los Angeles Dodgers
Colorado Rockies
MLB - Los Angeles Dodgers vs. Colorado Rockies - 09/28/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/ohtani-launches-homer-no-54-steals-57th-base-as-nl-westchampion-dodgers-power-by-rockies-114 
 ----- 
