Pitcher List Podcast Network

All the info you need about the Pitcher List Podcast Network.

 NICK POLLACK 
SITE NEWS
2/16/2021

We’re thrilled to announce that Pitcher List has expanded their podcasts from one feed with five shows, to 22 individual feeds for 20 shows.

Welcome to the Pitcher List Podcast Network.


 

Pitcher List Fantasy Baseball

Hosts: The Pitcher List Staff
Twitter: @PitcherListPods

Your home for every fantasy baseball-related podcast in one feed – you’ll get every episode from On The Corner, The First Pitch Podcast, Plus Pitch Podcast, On The Farm, On The Wire, Outside The Box, Coffee Talk, Keep or Kut, Wins Above Fantasy, In The Pen, This Week in Fantasy Baseball, Hacks and Jacks, Fantasy Feud, and Fireside Chat here + we’ll be showcasing some of our new shows sporadically on this feed as well.
2021 and 2023 FSWA Baseball Podcast of the Year

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Pitcher List Baseball Podcasts

Hosts: The Pitcher List Staff
Twitter: @PitcherListPods

Your home for every baseball-focused podcast without a fantasy baseball angle in one feed – you’ll get every episode from The Craft, The Views From 314ft, Long Ball Legacies, Take Me In To The Ballgame, Nick Pollack and Friends, and Talking Pitching here + we’ll be showcasing some of our new shows sporadically on this feed as well.

On The Corner

Hosts: Nick Pollack and Eric Samulski
Twitter: @OnTheCornerPL

Weekly analysis focused on starting pitching from Nick Pollack and Eric Samulski

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

First Pitch

Hosts: Brian Entrekin & Jake Crumpler
Twitter: @FirstPitchPod

Brian Entrekin and Jake Crumpler tell you everything you need to know to win your fantasy baseball league in just fifteen minutes. Every morning, seven days a week (Runs from late March to early October)

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Plus Pitch

Hosts: Nick Pollack
Twitter: @PitcherListPods

Nick Pollack breaks down every starting pitcher’s performance from yesterday’s games and previews the starts from the games ahead.


Nick Pollack and Friends

Host: Nick Pollack
Twitter: @NickFriendsPod

Nick Pollack sits down with many he’s met inside the baseball industry, discussing their journey and what they learned to get where they are now.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Hacks & Jacks

Hosts: Joe Gallina and Scott Chu
Twitter: @HacksAndJacksPL

Weekly in-depth Fantasy Baseball analysis, skewing slightly toward the hitting side of the game, from Joe Gallina and Scott Chu

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Wins Above Fantasy

Hosts: Van Burnett and Steve Gesuele
Twitter: @WinsAbovePod

Van Burnett and Steve Gesuele provide the insight and breakdowns you need to win your fantasy baseball leagues

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Fantasy Feud

Hosts: Sara Sanchez and Shelly Verougstraete
Twitter: @PLFantasyFeud

Sara Sanchez and Shelly Verougstraete debate the important issues impacting your fantasy baseball decisions.



On The Wire

Hosts: Adam Howe and Kevin Hasting
Twitter: @OnTheWirePod

Fantasy baseball talk focused on weekly FAAB bidding. Join Adam Howe and 2020 TGFBI Champion Kevin Hasting every Sunday for insights into how to win your bids and improve your rosters throughout the season.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

 

Keep Or Kut

Hosts: Chad Young and Pete Ball
Twitter: @KeepOrKut

Podcast Description: The best fantasy baseball leagues don’t end when the season ends. Join Chad Young and Pete Ball of Pitcher List as they dive into the world of keeper and ottoneu leagues. Tips and advice, analysis and insights, all tailored to leagues where you’re playing for the long haul.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Fireside Chat

Hosts: Paul Sporer and Nick Pollack
Twitter: @PitcherListPods

Paul Sporer and Nick Pollack focus on specific pitchers in each episode, with a fantasy baseball lense

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts


On The Farm

Hosts: Jake Maish and Rick Haake
Twitter: @OnTheFarmPL

LaMar Gibson focuses on all things minor league baseball, prospecting, and dynasty fantasy baseball.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Coffee Talk

Hosts: Trevor Hooth, Nate Kosher
Twitter: @CoffeeTalkPL

Trevor Hooth and Nate Kosher discuss the prospects making their debut and preview the next wave of baseball talent on the brink of making their way to the Show.


In The Pen

Hosts: Rick Graham, Jake Crumpler
Twitter: @InThePenPod

Rick Graham and Jake Crumpler dive into the fascinating world of relief pitching in an effort to make sense of team usage, future save opportunities, and more.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

This Week in Fantasy Baseball

Hosts: John Ke and Lee Keller

Twitter: @This WeekPL

John Ke and Lee Keller recap all of the best performances of the week, highlighted by the staff at Pitcher List! Catch up on any action that you might have missed and get insight on who to pick up and drop as you move into the next week of baseball.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

The Craft

Hosts: Nick Pollack and recurring guest Eno Sarris
Twitter: @TalkPitchingPod

Podcast Description: One-on-one interviews with MLB pitchers, talking about their pitches, grips, approaches, mechanics, and their life inside the game.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Talking Pitching

Hosts: Nick Pollack
Twitter: @TalkPitchingPod

Podcast Description: One-on-one interviews with MLB pitchers, talking about their pitches, grips, approaches, mechanics, and their life inside the game.

Subscribe on Apple Podcasts

Take Me In To The Ballgame

Hosts: Ellen Adair
Twitter: @PitcherListPods

Ellen Adair reviews baseball movies and shows on the 20-80 scale

Long Ball Legacies

Hosts: Daniel Port
Twitter: @LBLegacies

Long Ball Legacies is a podcast that explorers players throughout MLB History, what they mean to us and what they meant to the game

The Views From 314ft Podcast

Hosts: Randy Wilkins and Chris Kirschner
Twitter: @ViewsFrom314ft

Director Randy Wilkins and The Athletic’s Chris Kirschner talk about all things Yankees and break down the current season with access only they can give you.

SUBMIT
Nick Pollack

Founder of Pitcher List. Creator of CSW, The List, and SP Roundup. Worked with MSG, FanGraphs, CBS Sports, and Washington Post. Former college pitcher, travel coach, pitching coach, and Brandeis alum. Wants every pitcher to be dope.

6 responses to “Pitcher List Podcast Network”
Guest
June 17, 2022 at 10:22 AM

Chad Young, please start looking up name pronunciations. Otherwise, your first pitch pods are great. LIke how are you pronouncing Kershaw wrong in 2022?

Reply
Thomas Braun
December 16, 2023 at 11:19 AM

I love the pods. I just signed up for a membership. I am confused tho. On apple I heard the SPs 61-70. Here I can’t find 21-60. Any help will be greatly appreciated

Reply
Nick Pollack
December 16, 2023 at 12:07 PM

Hey Thomas! Sorry for the confusion. We moved podcast hosts and the embeds are not updated yet. We’ll have them updated shortly.

The episodes are live on the individual feeds, though. You can find them wherever you listen to your podcasts. I’ve updated the On The Corner embed here just for you and will have the rest updated this week.

Reply
Thomas Braun
March 3, 2024 at 7:11 AM

Thank you. I check daily for the next craft and OTC

Reply
Thomas Braun
March 31, 2024 at 9:55 AM

I apologize. I am not sure where to put comments. I’m an older dude trying to use technology lol. Anyways. NICK! We need breakdowns on crochett, hall and puk. These are they guys that will make or break us. Peace and love

Reply
Laurie Marmor
July 16, 2024 at 12:47 AM

Hi
I can’t find updated Apple podcast for yesterday’s starting pitcher reviews – the last is July 4th
Any other place I can find those podcast daily updates ? I think they are great!

Reply
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published.

Comment

Name

Email

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Copyright © 2025 Pitcher GIFS Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Contact
Glossary

Stats powered by  

Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
A RAPTIVE PARTNER SITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pitcherlist.com/podcasts/ 
 ----- 
