Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Marlins vs Blue Jays Prediction, Picks & Odds for Today’s MLB Game

The Marlins and Blue Jays combined for 20 runs last night, and we expect more of the same this afternoon with two subpar hurlers taking the mound.

Chris Faria • Betting Analyst
Sep 28, 2024 • 11:25 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

The Miami Marlins exploded for 15 runs in Friday’s series opener against the Toronto Blue Jays, and we could be in store for another high-scoring game this afternoon as Xzavion Curry and Yariel Rodriguez take the mound for their respective clubs.

I’ll explain why I like the Over in my Marlins vs. Blue Jays predictions and MLB picks for Saturday, September 28.

Marlins vs Blue Jays prediction

My best bet
Over 8.5 (-109 at PROLINE+)

My analysis
Friday’s series opener between the Miami Marlins and Toronto Blue Jays had all the makings of a low-scoring duel between two sleepy offenses. Still, the visitors flipped the script with a 15-5 win as Xavier Edwards notched four RBI and recorded the MLB’s first three-triple game since 2014.

We’ll see a much softer pitching matchup in today’s contest which is why I’m expecting these clubs to cash the Over for the second straight meeting.

Xzavion Curry has largely pitched out of the bullpen for the Marlins this season, but he’s expected to make his fifth start of the year and first since July 23. The right-hander has been decent of late, most notably throwing 4 2/3 scoreless innings against the Pirates on September 11, but he hasn’t had much length, averaging less than three innings per outing this season.

Curry, who owns a 5.02 ERA on the season, has been slightly worse when starting ballgames, posting a 5.29 across those four previous outings.

Things don’t look much better on Toronto’s mound as Yariel Rodriguez gets the call. He gave up four hits and three earned runs to the Rays in a losing effort on September 21 — the fourth time in seven starts that he surrendered at least three.

Rodriguez, who likely won’t pitch past the fifth inning, will hand the ball over to the second-worst bullpen in the majors (4.83 ERA), so we could see the Marlins do some damage late in the game once again.

MORE MLB PICKS

Blue Jays star player prop

My best bet
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Over 1.5 hits (+145 at PROLINE+)

My analysis
It was a bad loss for the Blue Jays last night but another strong showing for Vladimir Guerrero Jr. as he racked up two hits and an RBI. The Marlins own the second-worst team ERA (4.77) and third-worst team WHIP (1.39) in baseball, so I like Vladdy’s chances of success.

Guerrero Jr. should have some extra motivation today as he enters play needing just one knock to reach the 200-hit milestone for the first time in his career. The Jays slugger has multiple hits in four of his last six outings while batting .423 over the past week.

Ontario sports bettors: Play the Jays your way with PROLINE+

Ontario-owned and operated, PROLINE+ has a robust market offering at its disposal and reinvests 100% of its profits back into the province — join today!

Sign Up Now at 

Marlins vs Blue Jays odds
Marlins vs Blue Jays live odds

Marlins vs Blue Jays opening odds
Moneyline: Miami +140 | Toronto -165
Run line: Miami +1.5 (-150) | Toronto -1.5 (+125)
Over/Under: Over 8.5 | Under 8.5
Marlins vs Blue Jays moneyline and Over/Under analysis
Toronto opened as the home favorite at -149, and action pushed that number as high as -175, with 71% of bettors taking the Blue Jays on the moneyline. The Blue Jays are 7-3 in the last 10 meetings.


The total opened at 8.5 runs, with 70% of bettors opting for the Over.


The Over is 12-6 in Toronto’s last 18 home games and 5-1 in the last six meetings at Rogers Centre.
Marlins vs Blue Jays trend

The Over is 10-1 in Miami’s last 11 games against the American League. Find more MLB betting trends for Marlins vs. Blue Jays.

Marlins vs Blue Jays game info
Location:	Rogers Centre, Toronto, ON
Date:	Saturday, 9-28-2024
First pitch:	3:07 p.m. ET
TV:	Bally Sports Florida, Sportsnet
Marlins starting pitcher:	Xzavion Curry
(0-2, 5.84 ERA)
Blue Jays starting pitcher:	Yariel Rodriguez
(1-7, 4.41 ERA)
Marlins vs Blue Jays latest injuries

Marlins vs Blue Jays weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Ontario Sportsbooks
Prince Edward Island Sports Betting
When Will Sports Betting Be Legal In Florida
Georgia Sports Betting
Ontario Online Casinos
MLB Betting Sites
Best Ontario Betting Apps
Interac Betting Sites Ontario
Paypal Betting Sites Ontario
Best Online PayPal Casinos in Ontario
   
Chris Faria
Betting Analyst

After writing a few pieces for the Varsity newspaper during his time at the University of Toronto, Chris Faria's career in sports truly began in 2019 when he attended the sports journalism program at Centennial College. Since then, he’s covered virtually every sport under the sun, having written for several different outlets including Covers and the Canadian Olympic Committee. A lifelong hockey fan and player, Chris currently works full-time for the National Hockey League.

Outside of hockey, he’s also an avid poker player and mixed martial arts fan, which is coincidentally his favorite sport to bet on – usually in the form of a parlay on bet365. The main lesson he’s learned from years of betting is bankroll management: "Never bet more than you’re comfortable losing and never chase your losses."

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Star player prop
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Steelers vs Ravens Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
 Chargers vs Texans Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Neil Parker
 Ohio State vs Texas Prediction and Picks — Cotton Bowl
Andrew Caley
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/marlins-vs-blue-jays-prediction-picks-today-saturday-9-28-2024 
 ----- 
