BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Cricket
Scores & Fixtures
Tables
England Men
England Women
Counties
The Hundred
Franchise Cricket
All Teams
ADVERTISEMENT
Women's T20 World Cup - who is through and who is out?
Media caption,

West Indies win to knock England out of Women's T20 World Cup

Published
11 October 2024
Updated 15 October 2024

The 2024 Women's T20 World Cup group stage has concluded and the four semi-finalists are known.

Here's how the two groups finished.

How did England fare in Group B?
IMAGE SOURCE,
BBC SPORT

West Indies progressed as group winners with a six-wicket win over England on Tuesday.

South Africa, who were runners-up in 2023, also qualified on net run-rate with that result.

England were eliminated on net run-rate with that defeat.

Bangladesh and Scotland had already been eliminated.

Who has qualified from Group A?

Defending champions Australia have qualified as group winners after victory in all four of their matches.

New Zealand secured the second semi-final spot from Group A with a dominant win over Pakistan on Monday.

That result meant India and Pakistan joined Sri Lanka in being eliminated.

Who will face who in the semi-finals?

Thursday, 17 October: Semi-final 1 - Australia v South Africa (Dubai)

Friday, 18 October: Semi-final 2 - West Indies v New Zealand (Sharjah)

Both games start at 15:00 BST.

The final then takes place on Sunday, 20 October, again from 15:00.

How is net run-rate calculated?

Run-rate is the average number of runs scored per over by a team in their entire innings - so, for example, a score of 140 off 20 overs equals seven runs per over.

Net run-rate is calculated by subtracting the opposition's run-rate from the other team's run-rate.

The winning side will therefore have a positive net run-rate, and the losers a negative net run-rate.

In a tournament, net run-rate is worked out by taking the average runs per over scored by that team in each game and subtracting the average runs per over scored against them.

If a team is bowled out inside their allotted overs, their run-rate is calculated by dividing the runs by the maximum overs they could have batted - 20 overs in the case of this tournament.

How can I follow it on the BBC?

Whether it is pre-match, in-game or post-match, the BBC has you covered.

There is ball-by-ball commentary on BBC Sounds and BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra on every match.

That commentary, plus live text updates and in-play video clips, will be available on the BBC Sport website and app.

There will be Test Match Special podcasts available on BBC Sounds.

You will also be able to follow regular coverage on the BBC Cricket Instagram
, external
 and WhatsApp
, external
 accounts.

The tournament is available to watch live in the UK on Sky Sports.

Related topics
England Women's Cricket Team
Cricket
Top stories

'Like a cat toying with a mouse' - but Littler's victory was far from inevitable

Published
5 hours ago

Teenager Littler demolishes Van Gerwen to claim historic world title

Published
3 hours ago

Rybakina's ex-coach suspended as investigation into conduct continues

Published
12 hours ago
Elsewhere on the BBC

Strike and Robin tackle their latest thrilling case

Tom Burke and Holliday Grainger star in another masterful Robert Galbraith mystery

Lily and Miquita discuss their resolutions for 2025

Join lifelong friends twice a week for their transatlantic catch-ups

Revisit the classic, acclaimed series

Beloved sitcom about a working-class family, whose lives revolve around the TV

The astonishing double life of a secret agent

Trace Stakeknife's story, an agent who walked the tightrope between the IRA and British Army intelligence

Elsewhere in Sport

'Like a cat toying with a mouse' - but Littler's victory was far from inevitable

Postecoglou has 'no problem' with Maddison at darts

US Olympic sprinter Kerley tasered after police confrontation

Bumrah takes final-ball wicket after altercation. Video
Bumrah takes final-ball wicket after altercation

Who has made Troy's Premier League team of the week?

'Real Rangers stand up, but can they keep standing?'

Watch best of action as Rangers beat Celtic in derby. Video
Watch best of action as Rangers beat Celtic in derby

What shape are Lionesses in for 2025?

Watch the goals as Dundee Utd strike late to win derby. Video
Watch the goals as Dundee Utd strike late to win derby

Sporting highlights to look forward to in 2025

The 'genius' behind 'one of best images' in tennis

What's the latest on Alexander-Arnold, and others who might move?

What challenges lie ahead for Tuchel?

'Humble & popular but no plan B' - The inside story of Rooney at Plymouth

How Ferguson masterminded Aberdeen's greatest win

Watch the 20 best Scottish Premiership goals of 2024. Video
Watch the 20 best Scottish Premiership goals of 2024

The best sports photos of 2024 - and how they were captured

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2025 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/cricket/articles/ckg0p2y3k2lo 
 ----- 
