SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
AUSTRIA'S BAUMGARTNER SCORES FASTEST INTERNATIONAL GOAL ON RECORD IN WIN AGAINST SLOVAKIA
Austria's Baumgartner scores fastest international goal on record in win against Slovakia
Flashscore,
23.03.2024 19:00
Slovakia's midfielder Juraj Kucka and Austria's defender Philipp Mwene vie for the ball during the friendly
Profimedia
Christoph Baumgartner netted the quickest goal in Austria’s history as they secured a 2-0 victory away in Slovakia. Ralf Rangnick’s side have now lost just one of their last 13 matches.

The visitors came into the clash having won their last three games without conceding a goal, the most recent of which being a 2-0 victory over Euro 2024 hosts Germany. And, with just six seconds on the clock, Baumgartner wrote himself into the history books, unleashing a precise effort from the edge of the box into the bottom-left corner.

Despite the disastrous start, the Falcons reacted well to going behind though and went in search of an equaliser, although they initially struggled to test Patrick Pentz in the Austria goal as a flurry of shots went wide of the post. However, they did manage to force Pentz into action just before the half-hour mark after Tomas Suslov played the ball to Lukas Haraslin, but the Sparta Prague winger saw his shot from the centre of the box thwarted by a fantastic reaction save.

Slovakia - Austria match stats
Flashscore

The away side dominated possession for the majority of the game but were finding clear goalscoring opportunities hard to come by. They went close 10 minutes after the break, however, when Michael Gregoritsch drilled a first-time effort towards the bottom corner only to be denied by Martin Dubravka. Another chance went begging just a few moments later, with Baumgartner firing an effort narrowly wide of the post.

Austria added a second goal with seven minutes remaining, as substitute Andreas Weimann found the back of the net from close range following a Romano Schmid cut-back. Das Team subsequently saw out the game with ease as they continue their preparations for Euro 2024.

Meanwhile, Slovakia’s three-game winning run comes to an end, but they remain in good shape ahead of their third consecutive appearance in the continental showpiece next summer.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Christoph Baumgartner (Austria)

Check out all the match stats with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
Austria
Slovakia
Christoph Baumgartner
Patrick Pentz
Michael Gregoritsch
Martin Dubravka
Lukas Haraslin
Tomas Suslov
Andreas Weimann
Related Articles
2024 European Championships: Everything you need to know about fixtures and dates
14.07.2024 21:34
Mbappe expects future to be decided before Euros, wants to represent France in Olympics
22.03.2024 19:09
Nagelsmann names six newcomers in Germany squad for France and Netherlands friendlies
14.03.2024 13:41
Show more
Football
BREAKING: Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao to take over
4 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
6 h ago
Liverpool's new Dutch hero Arne Slot rounds off near-faultless year
6 h ago
Roma claim rare point on the road after Paulo Dybala strike pegs back AC Milan
6 h ago
Thiago Motta frustrated at wasteful Juventus after yet another draw against Fiorentina
7 h ago
Liverpool put five past West Ham to extend lead at summit of Premier League
9 h ago
Nottingham Forest defence too good for Everton as they continue to defy expectations
9 h ago
Juventus draw again as Fiorentina battle to claim hard-fought point
9 h ago
Pep Guardiola breathes sigh of relief in 500th game as Man City get back to winning ways
9 h ago
Ambitious Antonio Conte aiming high with Napoli continuing Serie A title charge
10 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Flashscore Awards 2024: Lamine Yamal voted Young Player of the Year
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
Fiorentina - Napoli
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/slovakia-austria-report-2024-03-23/C2y44ZbS/ 
 ----- 
