English
Contact|About|
International Committee of the Fourth International (ICFI)
Perspectives
World
Global class struggle
Pandemic
Arts & Culture
History
Capitalism & Inequality
Anti-Imperialism
Videos
Podcast
Marxist Library
); }
FOURTH INTERNATIONALSOCIALIST EQUALITY PARTYIYSSEABOUT THE WSWSCONTACTDONATE
Dana Corporation workers forced to remain on job after near-catastrophic water system failure in Pottstown, Pennsylvania
Nick Barrickman
22 March 2024
Dana Plant Fort Wayne

Workers at a Dana Incorporated facility in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, were evacuated last week after a burst pipe in their fire suppression system almost flooded the facility near a high powered electrical panel.

According to a worker, a pipe burst in an area around “10 to 15 feet” from a “huge electric panel,” which controls the furnace. “If that cold water had hit that furnace, it would have been a potential disaster,” they said. “The furnace would have exploded.”

The facility was evacuated for around 45 minutes No headcount was taken by management even though four different fire departments responded to the emergency. “The building is the size of 15 football fields, and they won’t even do a headcount?” the worker inquired.

“I know guys that have worked here for 5-8 years, and they’ll tell you we’ve never had fire drills,” the worker said. Instead, the emergencies themselves have become the occasion for Dana Corp. to test its readiness. “I’ve been in three fire ‘drills’ here,” the worker explained.

The Dana facility in Pottstown, which employs around 400 workers, is one of the oldest in the country. According to the worker, around 180 workers were impacted by the pipe rupturing.

As the World Socialist Web Site explained when a worker from the same facility contacted it to report the dangerous conditions that persisted last year: “The Schuylkill River, a major waterway, flows less than a mile from the plant, and the area is criss-crossed with tributaries.

“This is a 100-year-old, chemical-soaked building,” the worker explained, noting it could become the “next Palmer” at any time, a reference to the catastrophic explosion in nearby Reading, Pennsylvania, last winter at the R.M. Palmer candy factory which claimed the lives of seven workers.

The R.M. Palmer management was recently fined a mere $44,000 for the preventable explosion, during which it forced its staff to remain in the building while a gas leak was present. “Seven workers will never return home because the R.M. Palmer Co. did not evacuate the facility after being told of a suspected gas leak,” an Occupational Safety and Health Administration report noted last October.

The Dana worker explained that OSHA had also issued fines against their own facility in Pottstown. “It’s rare that they check in and try to see if previous [issues] were rectified,” they said. 

Dana Corp. has seen its share of horrific incidents, including the 2021 death of Danny Walters of Dry Ridge, Kentucky. Walters passed away after receiving a concussion on the job at his facility. The WSWS wrote at the time that “To meet demand, Dana is forcing workers to labor under conditions worse than the 19th century.” Walters had been forced to work 60 days in a row in the period before his death.

“This is not just a ‘Dana issue,’” the Pottstown worker explained, referring not only to the conditions in the US but internationally.

The potential catastrophe comes amid an ever-increasing industrial death toll among American workers. The United States Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that 5,486 workers lost their lives on the job in 2022, the most recent year for such statistics. The number is a 5.7 percent increase over the previous year.

This trend has increased in Pennsylvania as well. “More Pennsylvania workers died as a result of workplace injuries in 2022 than in any other year in nearly a decade,” wrote Across Pennsylvania in January. The local news publication’s report cites Labor Department figures showing that 183 worker deaths occurred in Pennsylvania.

Company CEO James Kamsickas has over $26 million in assets while starving his workforce. Kamsickas, a former member of Republican President Donald Trump’s White House Manufacturing Jobs Initiative, demonstrates the close ties between corporations and the state at the expense of workers. In addition, the treatment of Dana workers exposes the lie that Trump and other right-wing “populist” political figures truly stand for the interests of the working class.

Workers at Dana Corp. are fighting back against their insufferable health and working conditions, as well as the notoriously low pay the company offers.

In 2021, the corporation’s US-based workers voted 97 percent to go on strike only to be kept on the job by the United Auto Workers and United Steel Workers until a contract could be rammed down the rank-and-file’s throat.

“We have zero backing from the UAW,” explained the worker in Pottstown. They noted that their Local 644 president arrived in a Cadillac Escalade and allowed management to herd workers back into the unsafe facility even while it had no running water.

On several occasions recently, Dana Corp. workers have formed their own rank-and-file committees, independent of the various so-called unions to oppose the company’s abuses, which the union “representatives” permit and even encourage. The Pottstown facility became the latest to do so last year.

In its founding statement, the committee called for: 

Elimination of the tier system at Dana. Keeping this system only makes it possible for the company to divide us. This undermines our solidarity and forces those of us in Tier 2 to work below the industry standard pay for production workers.

Give us back our profit shares! We demand no more contract clauses which allow Dana to get off the hook from paying us for what we’ve helped make for it. 

Safety. We demand a regular, rank-and-file organized overview of the safety policies at our plant, as well as the means to enforce safety standards. If the company wishes to continue running machines despite gas leaks, we walk. 

The committee declares:

Our committee is in solidarity with workers internationally. It is impossible to fight global corporations like Dana in just one location or even in a single country. It is for that reason that we declare our solidarity with the International Workers Alliance of Rank-and-File Committees (IWA-RFC). The IWA-RFC is dedicated to unifying the struggles of all workers, regardless of country or industry. This is the way a struggle should be waged and what the UAW leadership has forgotten.

I want to discuss joining or building an autoworkers rank-and-file committee:
First Name (required)
Last Name (required)
Mobile Phone (optional)
Email (required)
Workplace (optional)
Zip. or postal code
Country (required)
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cape Verde
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Israel
Isle of Man
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Réunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Tahiti
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
United Kingdom
United States
Unknown
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Yugoslavia
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Comments (optional). Tell us more about the conditions at your workplace and why you want to form a rank-and-file committee.
 I want to be contacted by the SEP or the WSWS, and receive email updates from the WSWS Autoworker Newsletter. I acknowledge that the WSWS uses my personal information in accordance with its privacy policy.
 I want to receive text message updates (currently supported for US phone numbers only). By checking, you agree to receive text updates periodically from the WSWS. Message and data rates may apply. Text STOP to unsubscribe
Submit
READ MORE
Dana workers in Pottstown, Pennsylvania form rank-and-file committee
31 May 2023
The death of Steven Dierkes: A victim of America’s industrial slaughterhouse
8 June 2022
Fired Stellantis supplemental workers protest at UAW headquarters in Detroit
3 March 2024
COMMENT
CONTACT US
Find out more about these topics:
The Dana autoworkers struggleGlobal class struggleAutoworkersUnited StatesNorth AmericaWorkplace safetyIndustrial & Nuclear Accidents
THE DANA AUTOWORKERS STRUGGLE
AutoworkersGlobal class struggleThe struggle at John DeereThe struggle at VolvoThe 2019 US General Motors strikeThe UAW corruption scandal
Dana Corp. announces closure of auto parts plant in Lima, Ohio, destroying 280 jobs

The shuttering of the more than 50-year-old plant is part of a broader attack on jobs across the industry, including nearly 2,500 cuts at Stellantis’s Warren Truck plant near Detroit.

George Kirby•1 September 2024
Dana workers in Pottstown, Pennsylvania form rank-and-file committee

Dana Corporation auto parts workers announce the formation of a rank-and-file committee in Pennsylvania to link their struggles with other workers at the company and throughout the globe.

Dana Pottstown Workers Rank-and-File Committee•31 May 2023
Dana workers in Pottstown, Pennsylvania expose unsafe conditions

Dana workers at the auto parts maker’s oldest facility in Pottstown, Pennsylvania, reached out to the WSWS to discuss the abuses and low pay at the profitable corporation.

Nick Barrickman•16 May 2023
The Clarios strike and the global counteroffensive of the working class

The issuance of an injunction against Clarios workers shows that the ruling class views the walkout as a struggle with far-reaching national and international implications.

Eric London•14 May 2023
Fires break out at Dana auto parts plant in Warren, Michigan
Our reporters•7 May 2023
Dana auto parts workers hold meeting series in Toledo to organize joint fight back with Jeep workers
Marcus Day•17 April 2023
Dana paid shareholders $57 million last year, but where is our “profit sharing”?
Dana Workers’ Rank-and-File Committee•3 April 2023
Dana worker says he became homeless after being fired on pretense
Kathleen Martin•21 March 2023
Kentucky autoworker says Dana Inc. forced him out of job for going to hospital for severe injuries sustained at Dry Ridge plant
Eric London•16 March 2023
© 1998-2024 World Socialist Web Site. All rights reserved.
HomeAboutContactPrivacy StatementPrivacy Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2024/03/23/ehgc-m23.html 
 ----- 
