Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
Michael Kopech undergoes surgery to remove a cyst from his right knee, ending the Chicago White Sox pitcher’s season
John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune
1 of 2

White Sox pitcher Michael Kopech delivers against the Royals on May 19 at Guaranteed Rate Field.

By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 23, 2023 at 3:00 AM CDT

Michael Kopech worked as an opener Wednesday for the Chicago White Sox at Nationals Park.

It turned out to be his final outing of the season. The Sox on Friday placed the right-hander on the injured list with right knee inflammation.

“It had been bothering him the whole year,” manager Pedro Grifol said before Friday’s 3-2 loss to the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park. “He’s been treating that the whole year. It was just time to get him back on the mound (Wednesday), let him start a game and finish off on a good note and then go get it fixed to make sure he has a good offseason.”

Kopech underwent surgery Friday morning to remove a cyst from his right knee in a procedure performed at Rush Oak Brook Surgery Center by Dr. Nikhil Verma, the lead team doctor. The Sox said Kopech’s full recovery time is expected to take six to eight weeks.

Kopech went 5-12 with a 5.43 ERA in 30 games (27 starts) this season. Control was an issue. He had 134 strikeouts in 129 1/3 innings but an American League-leading 91 walks.

“It definitely affected him,” Grifol said of the injury. “To what extent, not real sure. Only he knows that. It definitely affected him. There were times he missed some time because of it. That was a part of it all.”

Kopech underwent surgery in late September 2022 to address what the team called an “issue with (his right) meniscus.” He did a little bit of it all on the mound in 2023, seeing time as a starter, a reliever and an opener.

Kopech showed some signs of dominance, such as when he allowed one hit in eight innings against the Kansas City Royals on May 19 at Guaranteed Rate Field.

White Sox pitcher Michael Kopech delivers against the Royals on May 19 at Guaranteed Rate Field.

But his longest outing in his last five starts before a short stint in the bullpen was 4 1/3 innings. He lasted just 1 2/3 innings on Sept. 3 at Guaranteed Rate Field against the Detroit Tigers, allowing two runs on one hit with five walks and two strikeouts. He threw 44 pitches and only 16 strikes.

He made three appearances as a reliever (Sept. 9, 12 and 15) totaling 2 2/3 innings.

His final outing turned out to be Wednesday as the opener against the Nationals. He allowed one unearned run on one hit with the one strikeout and hit one batter. Nine of his 14 pitches were strikes.

“I saw one of the best pitchers in baseball for a while and then I saw a guy who was battling through some mechanical stuff and physical stuff and mental stuff and then I saw him finish OK,” Grifol said of Kopech’s 2023. “Hopefully he can get into the offseason and put it all together and come back.

“We need him. We’re counting on him.”

The plan is for Kopech to be in the rotation in 2024.

“I will always view him as a starter until it’s time to not view him as one,” Grifol said. “I’ve been in the game a long time and that’s one thing I’ve learned and I’ll never not want to exhaust every opportunity that we possibly can to make a starter or keep a starter until we have to.

“Good thing is he’s got value and he can have value in both.”

In Friday’s corresponding move, the Sox called up pitcher Yohan Ramírez from Triple-A Charlotte. The 28-year-old right-hander went 1-0 with a 3.67 ERA and 31 strikeouts in 26 relief appearances during three stints with the Pittsburgh Pirates this season before being designated for assignment Sept. 1. The Sox claimed him off waivers on Sept. 5.

He made four appearances with Charlotte, allowing four earned runs in 4 2/3 innings.

Ramírez is 6-4 with a 3.83 ERA, six saves and 124 strikeouts in 97 career relief appearances during four major-league seasons with the Seattle Mariners (2020-22), Cleveland Guardians (2022) and Pirates (2022-23).

Grifol said Ramírez had “plus-plus movement” and “a good slider.”

“He’s got to stay in the strike zone,” Grifol said. “But he’s got some electric stuff. The ball really, really moves. Does different things. I’m excited to watch him pitch.”

Sox announce baseball operations additions

The Sox on Friday announced the additions of Josh Barfield, Brian Bannister and Gene Watson to their baseball operations staff.

Barfield has been hired as assistant general manager, Bannister as senior adviser to pitching and Watson as director of player personnel.

“All three are highly respected baseball executives who bring different backgrounds, accomplishments and points of view to our department,” general manager Chris Getz said in a statement. “Josh is a real rising front office star, Brian is recognized as one of the top pitching minds in the game and Gene is acknowledged as one of the best talent evaluators in baseball.

“I am excited for them to get started working together as we define our new vision for the future and create a path to success for the White Sox organization.”

White Sox fall to 38 games under .500

The Red Sox scored twice in the eighth inning and rallied to beat the White Sox 3-2 in front of 37,102 at Fenway Park. The White Sox are a season-worst 38 games under .500 at 58-96.

Masataka Yoshida drove in the go-ahead run with a two-out RBI single against Garrett Crochet, who was making his first appearance since returning from the injured list Wednesday.

White Sox starter Touki Toussaint allowed one run on five hits with two strikeouts and two walks in 6 1/3 innings. Trayce Thompson had two hits, including an RBI double during the two-run sixth inning for the White Sox.

Red Sox starter Chris Sale allowed three hits in five scoreless innings against his former team.

Originally Published: September 22, 2023 at 11:00 PM CDT
Around the Web
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Stair Lift
See How Much Nurses Make in The US. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in USA
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars | Search Ads
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
Exploring the Most Dangerous Places in the World
Viral Vacation Ideas
Neuropathy & Nerve Damage? Do This Immediately (Watch)
Healthier Living
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Top 10 Money Earning Apps: It's Time To Make Some Extra Cash
Wish Jobs
The Ultimate South American Journey: 10 Must-see Destinations
Viral Vacation Ideas
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Editorial: Cool Costco living project gives Chicago a blueprint on housing affordability
Donald Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Northwestern women back out of trip to face No. 1 UCLA and No. 4 USC because of deadly wildfires in the area
US official warns Puerto Rico of weak power generation as it prepares for a Trump administration
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
22
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/22/michael-kopech-undergoes-surgery-to-remove-a-cyst-from-his-right-knee-ending-the-chicago-white-sox-pitchers-season/ 
 ----- 
