Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Astros beat the Padres 4-3 in 10 innings after Jose Altuve was ejected in wild scene in the 9th
1 of 10 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve points at his foot after taking his sock and shoe off during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. Altuve was ejected along with Astros manager Joe Espada after arguing a groundout by Altuve was fouled off his foot. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

Read More
2 of 10 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve points at his foot after taking his sock and shoe off during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. Altuve was ejected along with Astros manager Joe Espada after arguing a groundout by Altuve was fouled off his foot. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

Read More
3 of 10 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve reacts towards home plate umpire Brennan Miller, right, after taking his sock and shoe off during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. Altuve was ejected along with Astros manager Joe Espada after arguing a groundout by Altuve was fouled off his foot. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

Read More
4 of 10 |  

Houston Astros manager Joe Espada, center, argues with home plate umpire Brennan Miller, right, as second baseman Jose Altuve looks on during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. Espada and Altuve were ejected after arguing a groundout by Altuve was fouled off his foot. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

Read More
5 of 10 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve moves away from a high pitch while batting during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

6 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres third baseman Manny Machado throws to first too late as Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve arrives for a single during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

7 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Jurickson Profar reacts after getting hit by a pitch during the tenth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

8 of 10 |  

Houston Astros’ Yordan Alvarez, right, runs into San Diego Padres relief pitcher Jason Adam, center, as he scores off a wild pitch during the eighth inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

9 of 10 |  

Houston Astros shortstop Jeremy Pena (3) celebrates with right fielder Jason Heyward after the Astros defeated the San Diego Padres 4-3 in a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

10 of 10 |  

Houston Astros designated hitter Yordan Alvarez, center, celebrates with teammate third baseman Grae Kessinger after the Astros defeated the San Diego Padres 4-3 in a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in San Diego. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull)

BY  BERNIE WILSON
Updated 6:21 AM UTC, September 18, 2024
Share

SAN DIEGO (AP) — Moments after Jose Altuve was ejected for taking off his left cleat and sock trying to prove a point, his replacement, Grae Kessinger scored the go-ahead run in the 10th inning and then made a sensational play at second base to seal the Houston Astros’ wild 4-3 win against the San Diego Padres on Tuesday night.

Altuve grounded out to third for the final out of the ninth but insisted he had fouled the ball off his foot. In a crazy scene, he took off his cleat and sock, trying to show the umpires where the ball hit, which got him ejected by plate umpire Brennan Miller. Manager Joe Espada was tossed after continuing to argue.

“Sometimes you get hit somewhere in the hand and you take your batting glove to show you got hit. I was expecting to do the same thing,” Altuve said.

“It was going through my head that it can’t happen,” he added. “It’s the ninth inning, winning run on second base, I’m battling against a good pitcher, (Robert) Suarez, the closer, so I’m obviously trying to get a hit and drive the run in and win the game. I get a foul ball because it hit my foot and they just took it away from me. I don’t think that can happen. There are four guys on the field and you can see the change of direction on the ball. Just make the right call.”

Espada was still wound up afterward.

RELATED STORIES
Houston Astros welcome 1B Christian Walker to team; say negotiations with Bregman stalled
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says

“It’s a foul ball,” the manager said. “You have to see the ball once he hits the foot, the flight of the ball. I don’t get it. I don’t understand. That’s twice this year. I have a lot of respect for the umpires. They work hard. But there are four out there. You have to be able to see it. They missed that call.”

Kessinger started the 10th as the automatic runner in place of Altuve, advanced on Yordan Alvarez’s groundout and scored on Kyle Tucker’s single to left off Adrian Morejon (2-2).

Astros reliever Héctor Neris loaded the bases with two outs in the bottom of the 10th before getting Manny Machado to ground into a force play on a terrific backhanded stop by Kessinger, who flipped the ball to shortstop Jeremy Peña to end it.

It was Kessinger’s first game with the Astros since July 13.

“Right before he hit it, I was thinking he’s going to hit a ball up the middle and it’s going to hit off the mound, and that’s exactly what happened. But go catch it. That’s the job,” Kessinger said.

He figured he was going to get into the game after Altuve was tossed.

“As he started to untie his shoe, I started to grab my glove. I didn’t know if I was the one that was going to be going in, but I didn’t know what he was doing, but I was just getting ready,” Kessinger said.

The Padres twice rallied to tie the game, first at 2-2 on Machado’s 27th homer with one out in the sixth and at 3-3 in the eighth when Fernando Tatis Jr. scored on Josh Hader’s two-out wild pitch.

Hader (8-7) came on to boos and was called for a pitch clock violation. After a lengthy delay it was announced there was no violation. Hader then threw a wild pitch that brought in Tatis.

Hader was with the Padres from the 2022 trade deadline through last year before leaving as a free agent. He drew the ire of San Diego fans when he said late last season that he was reluctant to get more than three outs.

Neris earned his 18th save.

The Padres failed to add to their wild-card lead over Arizona and remained 3 1/2 games behind Los Angeles in the NL West.

Machado admired his 405-foot homer for several seconds, tossed his bat aside and gestured toward the Padres’ dugout as he began his trot.

Last week, Machado broke Nate Colbert’s 50-year-old club record of 163 homers and now has 165 in his six seasons with the Padres.

Hunter Brown had retired nine straight batters before Tatis hit a leadoff single two batters ahead of Machado.

The Astros took a 3-2 lead in the eventful eighth. Alvarez doubled into the right-center gap with one out, advanced on a balk by Jason Adams while Kyle Tucker was batting and scored on Adams’ wild pitch that put Alex Bregman on with a walk.

The Astros took a 2-0 lead in the fourth. Singles by Tucker and Bregman put runners on first and second before Jon Singleton lofted an opposite-field blooper to left for a run-scoring double. Jeremy Peña’s groundout brought in Bregman.

Brown allowed two runs and five hits in six innings.

King struck out seven in seven innings. He was charged with two runs and five hits.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Astros: Placed OF Ben Gamel on the 10-day injured list with a broken left leg three days after he ran into the wall at Angel Stadium while making a running catch. Gamel will be out indefinitely. C César Salazar was recalled from Triple-A Sugar Land.

Padres: Luis Arraez was back at DH despite jamming a knee into home plate while being thrown out Monday night.

UP NEXT

Astros LHP Framber Valdez (14-6, 2.91 ERA) and Padres RHP Dylan Cease (13-11, 3.58 ERA) are scheduled to start on Wednesday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Pay No Interest Until...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Watchdog group seeks investig ation into RFK Jr. for voting from a 'sham' address
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Get Any of These Credit Cards & Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Lawsuit alleges racial and gender discrimination led to an...
The family of a Air Force contractor who was killed when she walked into a rotatin...
AP News
A new book alleges that someon e at Fox News gave Trump's...
A forthcoming book alleges that someone inside Fox News gave Donald Trump’s pr...
AP News
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-padres-score-6104e01a15a52c77c7be59fc47760803 
 ----- 
