MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
In a wide-open wild-card race, the Red Sox wasted a chance to be in the mix
By Jen McCaffrey
Sep 24, 2024

123

TORONTO — Less than a week remains in the regular season and barring a wild turn of events, the Boston Red Sox will — yet again — be on the outside looking in as the postseason commences.

A 4-1 win on Monday over the Toronto Blue Jays moved the Red Sox to 79-78, already one win more than they’ve had each of the last two years. It marked the first time they’ve won three games in a row since Aug. 4-6.

“Just win tomorrow and see where we are at and finish strong, that’s the goal,” manager Alex Cora said, noting the 79-win mark. “We’ll talk about it whenever we’re done. We set our sights to make it to the playoffs and it’s a very slim chance to make it. So just got to keep playing good baseball.”

Unless something dramatic happens, the Red Sox’s postseason drought will reach three years. If they can’t pick up two more wins before Sunday, they’ll finish below .500. It would be the first time the club has finished with a losing record in three straight years since 1992-94.

It didn’t have to be this way, especially in a year in which the American League wild-card race is so topsy-turvy with the expanded format.

Imagine if the Red Sox had gotten a few more upgrades at the trade deadline. Where would they be at this point? Of course, they’re a flawed team, but every team in the race right now has its warts. There are no runaway favorites and getting a relatively young club postseason experience could have gone a long way. And a postseason spot was there for the taking.

As it stands, the Minnesota Twins have been in a free fall, dropping out of the third wild-card spot, going 8-13 this month. The Kansas City Royals haven’t been much better, having lost seven straight. That’s allowed the upstart Detroit Tigers to surge into the picture while the Seattle Mariners, a team that fired its manager a month ago, are right there along with the Tampa Bay Rays.

Coming out of the All-Star break, the Red Sox were a young, relentless, exciting team, surging 11 games above .500. Maybe Red Sox ownership didn’t want to invest in the team over the winter (that’s another story), but after seeing what this group was capable of in a surprising first half, adding more insurance to bolster the roster for the second half should have been the move they made.

With Triston Casas and Trevor Story on the injured list much of the year, maybe Rafael Devers and Tyler O’Neill wouldn’t have burned out if another big bat had been added. Maybe a stronger starter or bullpen help would have allowed the rotation extra rest or kept the key arms in the bullpen fresher.

Yes, chief baseball officer Craig Breslow added at the deadline, but he did so on the margins, acquiring a backup catcher as his right-handed bat and three pitchers, all of whom ended up on the injured list for a significant stretch in the second half. It was clear Breslow was working within certain parameters, a particular budget, if you will.
​​
“There were certainly moments where we were saying, ‘Man, this is going to be not just expensive in terms of dollars, but expensive in terms of the impact it might have on our future,’” Breslow said just after the deadline. “It’s a really tough decision to make.”

No one is arguing that the Red Sox should have traded their top four prospects to bolster this Red Sox team, but there were seemingly other opportunities.

Hindsight is 20/20, but other teams didn’t break the bank and have benefitted from additions.

Arizona added reliever A.J. Puk in exchange for their No. 14 and No. 30 prospects and Puk has allowed one run in 25 innings since the trade. Arizona also added first baseman Josh Bell for a player to be named later. He’s hit .277 with a .799 OPS for the Diamondbacks.

The Orioles got Zach Eflin from the Rays for a pair of Orioles’ top-20 prospects, both of whom were at High A. Eflin has a 2.31 ERA in eight starts.

The Dodgers picked up starter Jack Flaherty in exchange for Detroit’s No. 8 and No. 22 prospects. Flaherty has a 3.40 ERA in nine starts for LA.

It’s easy to criticize the moves the Red Sox did make two months later with hindsight, but even at the time there were reasons for pause. Although James Paxton had been healthy all year for the Dodgers, his history of injuries made trading for him risky. Was it bad luck both relievers Luis García and Lucas Sims headed to the IL shortly after being acquired, or should more bonafide relievers been targeted?

Red Sox principal owner John Henry is all about investments. It’s how he made his fortune. It would have been a wise investment in the future to give the current young Red Sox club a chance at the postseason, even if it meant getting knocked out in the wild-card round. Not only would it have given a young core — inexperienced in a playoff atmosphere — that much more cache to lean on when more young players arrive next year, but it would have gone a long way with the fan base, if that matters anymore.

Instead, it was obvious the Red Sox ran out of steam. The offense hit a wall and the bullpen without Chris Martin and Justin Slaten for over a month couldn’t backfill the truncated starts from the rotation. Red Sox rookies and young pitchers wore out.

Jarren Duran, Ceddanne Rafalea, Wilyer Abreu, Tanner Houck, Kutter Crawford and Brayan Bello all played in or pitched in a career high number of games or innings. More experienced players like Devers, O’Neill and Rob Refsnyder played through injuries for much of the year and could only do so much.

Casas, Slaten, Duran, Bello, Abreu, Rafaela and Crawford all could have gained some valuable playoff time. None of them were with the team during the 2021 postseason run.

So in a year where there has been relative parity in the league and no true runaway favorites, it’s been a missed opportunity for the Red Sox.

(Photo of Breslow: Billie Weiss / Boston Red Sox / Getty Images)

Jen McCaffrey is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the Boston Red Sox. Prior to joining The Athletic, the Syracuse graduate spent four years as a Red Sox reporter for MassLive.com and three years as a sports reporter for the Cape Cod Times. Follow Jen on Twitter @jcmccaffrey

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5790043/2024/09/23/red-sox-postseason-missed-opportunities/ 
 ----- 
