Listen to great music on ZED 101.9FM

Listen Now
Breaking News

Study uncovers safe water disparities in Bongo communities

Menu
Search for
 Home/Sports/Michael Baidoo, three others receive late Black Stars invite
Michael Baidoo, three others receive late Black Stars invite
Zed NewsOctober 9, 20240 19 1 minute read
Facebook
 
X
 
Print
 IF Elfsborg's Ghanaian midfielder #10 Michael Baidoo celebrates at the end of the UEFA Europa League football match between IF Elfsborg and AS Roma in Boras, Sweden on October 3, 2024. (Photo by Bjorn LARSSON ROSVALL / TT NEWS AGENCY / AFP) / Sweden OUT (Photo by BJORN LARSSON ROSVALL/TT NEWS AGENCY/AFP via Getty Images)

Michael Baidoo, Abu Francis, Jonas Adjetey and Ibrahim Sadick have been called up for Ghana’s crucial 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers against Sudan. They come in to replace Thomas Partey, Joseph Painstil, Kingsley Schindler and Ibrahim Osman who have been ruled out due to injury. The four players are expected in Accra to join the squad ahead of the Group F qualifiers.

Michael Baidoo is a 25-year old who plays for IF Elfsborg in the Swedish top flight. He began his career at Vision FC in Ghana before moving abroad to join FC Midtjylland in Denmark. He previously played for
Fredericia, Jerv and Sandnes Ulf. The midfielder is one of the standout performers for Elfsborg having made regular appearances for the club in the Swedish topflight and the UEFA Europa League.

Abu Francis plays for Cercle Brugge in Belgium having excelled at Right To Dream Academy and FC Nordsjaelland. Abu made his Ghana debut in an international friendly against Uganda in March this year and has been a regular figure in the Black Stars in recent months. He was part of the team that lost to Angola and drew with Niger in last months 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.

Jonas Adjetey:  The 20-year-old defender, who was recently invited in place of Alexander Djiku, has been making a name for himself in the Swiss Super League. He previously played for Teshie Football Academy, Accra Great Olympics and Berekum Chelsea before joining FC Basel.

Ibrahim Sadick: He is a product of the Right To Dream Soccer Academy and a former player of FC Nordsjaelland who plays for AZ Alkmaar in the Dutch League.

The Black Stars are set to face Sudan on Thursday, October 10 and Tuesday, October 15, 2024 in two very important Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.

SOURCE: GFA COMMUNICATIONS

 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
Print
Kwesi Appiah hopes Ghana and Sudan qualify for AFCON 2025
Thomas Partey, three others withdraw from Ghana squad for Sudan clash
Related Articles
Black Maiden progress at WAFU U17 Cup after double over Benin
7 hours ago
Ghana defender scores as Rayo Vallecano hold champions Real Madrid
8 hours ago
Kwesi Appiah vows to not bring Sudan players to Kotoko
8 hours ago
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Most Viewed Posts
October 6, 2023
Ghanaian wins prestigious Africa Continental Best Teacher Award
February 13, 2023
Govt distributes over 40,000 furniture to schools
April 8, 2024
Zedmultimedia staff complete fire safety training
Useful Links
News
Business
Politics
Lifestyle
Sports
Entertainment
Technology
Contact Information
Our Address:

East Legon, 6 Anyetey St.

For any enquiries contact our official email address: info@zedmultimedia.com

Zed Multimedia offers comprehensive media experience including TV, Radio, Newspaper, Online platforms, and a Tech Hub.
Enter your Email address
© Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved. ZED Multimedia   
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://zedmultimedia.com/2024/10/09/michael-baidoo-three-others-receive-late-black-stars-invite/ 
 ----- 
