Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Features
All Blacks Squad V Springboks: Winners And Losers As Scott Robertson Snubs An Ian Foster Favourite And Gets Timely Injury Boost
All Blacks squad v Springboks: Winners and losers as Scott Robertson snubs an Ian Foster favourite and gets timely injury boost
Jared Wright
21 Aug 2024 12:07 PM
14

Our winners and losers from Scott Robertson's 36-man squad to travel to South Africa.

Following the announcement of Scott Robertson’s 36-man All Blacks squad for the two Tests against the Springboks, we pick out our winners and losers.

The All Blacks tackle the Boks at the iconic Ellis Park Stadium in Test I before heading further south to Cape Town for the second match.

In preparation for the two Test matches in South Africa, Robertson has refrained from making wholesale changes but his hand has been forced with a pair of injuries in key positions.

We dissect the 36-man All Blacks squad picking out our winners and losers.

Winners

Asafo Aumua

The retirement of Dane Coles and Samisoni Taukei’aho’s injury has left Robertson with Codie Taylor as his only uber-experienced hooker as they depart to South Africa. This has been the case for every Test match he has been in charge of to date with Taylor, Asafo Aumua and George Bell all sharing the hooking duties.

However, the lineout has struggled this year and while there were signs of improvement against Argentina, it faltered when Aumua entered proceedings. The All Blacks aren’t bursting at the seams with options in the position and Aumua is currently the clear choice as Taylor’s backup but frankly, he isn’t covering himself in glory with his performances, which included a yellow card that he was rather lucky not to have upgraded to a red against Los Pumas.

South Africa will be a real litmus test for the hooker and while Robertson has been patient and reluctant to make changes that will only last so long.

Uncapped duo

Just two players will head to South Africa without an All Blacks cap to their name and will be hoping to twist the coaching staff’s arms. Harry Plummer and Ruben Love both head to the Republic with the chance to make their debuts, however slim those are.

They are going toe-to-toe with the likes of Will Jordan, Damian McKenzie and Beauden Barrett for an opportunity of pulling on the iconic black jersey for the first time and while it is unlikely that they will, they are both deserving of their chance.

Both are talented players and who knows, the opening Test might be an incredibly physically draining one and opportunities could arise. Regardless, both will be pleased that they are still in the squad.

Timely returns from injury

Robertson has been afforded the luxury of an almost full-strength playing squad to select from and the return to fitness of Luke Jacobson, Scott Barrett and Ethan de Groot are boosts in important positions.

Skipper Barrett’s return is perhaps the most crucial one as he will be tasked with not only leading the side against their fiercest rivals but also rectifying the side’s lineout woes. There is no doubt around Barrett’s world-class status and with youth taking centre stage in the engine room against Argentina, his return is huge.

Meanwhile, Jacobson adds to the All Blacks’ back-row stocks with his ability to cover almost the entire loose trio. A hard-nosed operator, who is aggressive in both attack and defence while being a handy option in the lineout.

Ad

Finally, De Groot is quite simply the All Blacks’ best loosehead prop even when considering Tamaiti Williams’ performance against Argentina in Auckland. He gave the Springboks all kinds of issues at scrum time when the two sides faced off last year and his return to fitness cannot be overstated.

All Blacks squad v Springboks: Scott Barrett returns as Robertson names two rookies in 36-man travelling team

Scott Robertson

Having got his feet firmly under the desk and tasted his first defeat, Robertson will be pleased that he was able to name a settled and strong squad to go over to the Republic.

Robertson is slowly making his mark on the squad and will be relishing the challenge of tackling the Springboks in their own backyard, particularly after the success he had with the Crusaders in South Africa. It is rather fitting that his first Test against the Boks is at the stadium where he won his first Super Rugby title in charge of the Crusaders back in 2017.

Inexperienced locks

The unavailability of Patrick Tuipulotu has certainly influenced the decision to take both Josh Lord and Sam Darry on tour to South Africa, but the pair impressed against Argentina and are deserving of further involvement. Even with the return of Barrett and Samipeni Finau’s ability to slot into the second-row, Robertson has decided to expose the pair to the All Blacks environment even more.

The All Blacks were always going to struggle to replace Sam Whitelock and Brodie Retallick but giving the likes of Darry and Lord more exposure in the squad is a smart ploy from the coaching staff, even if their on-field involvement is limited.

Sam Cane

Sam Cane’s journey to 100 Test caps in what is set to be his final season of international rugby continues as he heads to South Africa with wrongs to right. The All Blacks openside flanker is still a top-quality operator and will be eager to get stuck into the Springboks pack as he has done on so many occasions before but with added motivation after his red card in the Rugby World Cup final last year.

Cane marked his return to the black jersey in the Eden Park Test against Argentina, but he will be vying for the number seven jersey as the back-rower seeks to get stuck into the Springboks from the first whistle.

First-time travellers to South Africa

For some of the All Blacks squad members, this will be the first time that they head to the Republic following the South African team’s exit from Super Rugby. So many current and ex-All Blacks still rue South Africa’s departure from the competition having enjoyed the comradery that comes with touring but also the sightseeing.

All Blacks: The jaw-dropping stats behind Ardie Savea’s ‘exceptional captain’s knock’ against Argentina

Losers

Injured pair

The injuries could not have come at a worse time for Patrick Tuipulotu and Stephen Perofeta as they looked to have been locking down regular roles in the team during the July internationals.

Ian Foster handed Perofeta his Test debut but the Blues playmaker never really kicked on from there. However, he looked to have impressed new boss Robertson enough to earn back-to-back starts at fullback against England. While Barrett shone off the bench, replacing him in both those Tests, Perofeta would have surely been included in the travelling squad to South Africa.

Meanwhile, Tuipulotu looked set to be Scott Barrett’s long-term locking partner but, as has been the case so many times in his career, his efforts have been curtailed by injury. His absence provides Tupou Vaa’i and the younger locks more opportunities in the role and, considering his injury record, it may be tough for him to force his way back in.

Jason Ryan

While the injury news is mostly positive for forwards coach Jason Ryan, he would have loved to have the experience, firepower and set-piece expertise of Tuipulotu and Taukei’aho for the clashes against the Boks.

Still, he has plenty to work with in South Africa, particularly with the return of De Groot and the form of Fletcher Newell and Williams.

All Blacks legend: ‘The jury is still out on Scott Robertson’s selectors and coaches’

Finlay Christie

After coming off the bench in the first Test against England and starting the second, Christie has become surplus to requirements for the All Blacks coaching staff. The 23-Test cap scrum-half has been overlooked in favour of the single cap tally nines, Cortez Ratima and Noah Hotham.

With Cam Roigard on the road to recovery too and TJ Perenara in his final season of Test rugby, one has to wonder when Christie will get his next opportunity. He was a regular fixture and favourite for Foster but does not have the same faith from the current coaching team.

Ad
Will the All Blacks beat the Springboks in South Africa?
Yes
No

Emoni Narawa

Quite simply, Narawa is a victim of the All Blacks’ back three depth as he will now have to continue pressing for a recall through his performances with Bay of Plenty in the NPC. Unfortunately for him, Caleb Clarke has taken his opportunities in the starting XV while Robertson has also understandably favoured Will Jordan, Sevu Reece and Mark Tele’a.

Hoskins Sotutu

Yet again, Robertson has overlooked the Blues star, who is not quite fitting the bill and will need to stake his claim for a call-up with Counties Manukau. He has already scored two tries in his first two appearances for the side this season, continuing his stunning try-scoring form in Super Rugby where he dotted down 12 times, but it’s not his ability to get on the scoreboard that is keeping him out of the team.

READ MORE: All Blacks: The telling stats that provide clarity to Hoskins Sotutu’s snub

Features
Asafo Aumua
Codie Taylor
Emoni Narawa
Finlay Christie
Hoskins Sotutu
Jason Ryan
Josh Lord
Ruben Love
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
James While
30 Dec 2024
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26

With 2024 coming to an end, it's time to announce Planet Rugby's top 50 players from the past 12 months. We begin with part one that covers 50-26.

Colin Newboult
21 Dec 2024
Hoskins Sotutu England rumours continue to swirl with Premiership club ‘leading the chase’ for Blues star’s signature – report

Three Premiership clubs appear to be chasing Hoskins Sotutu after his All Blacks snub.

Louis Chapman Coombe
12 Dec 2024
Wallace Sititi named All Blacks Player of the Year while snubbed forward also wins major award

Wallace Sititi has added yet another award to his collection.

Colin Newboult
12 Dec 2024
Departing All Black reveals key Scott Robertson call ‘weighed on me’ and contributed to shock exit

Scott Robertson's pursuit of Richie Mo'unga has had an adverse effect on an All Blacks playmaker, who announced his departure recently.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
3 hours ago
England to face Rugby Championship opponent in two-Test series at same time as British & Irish Lions series
4 hours ago
‘A lot of guys in my position would have shot themselves’ – Elton Jantjies provides honest assessment on ‘psychological’ issues
5 hours ago
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
22 hours ago
26
‘One-armed’ England star was ‘pissed off’ last season but British and Irish Lions dream is now within reach
02 Jan 2025
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/all-blacks-squad-v-springboks-winners-and-losers-as-scott-robertson-snubs-an-ian-foster-favourite-and-gets-timely-injury-boost 
 ----- 
