LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
Samoan batter Darius Visser sets new T20 international record with 39-run over
Darius Visser hammered pacer Nalin Nipiko for six sixes in an over that also included three no balls.

Updated - August 21, 2024 10:59 am IST - New Delhi

PTI
READ LATER
PRINT

Twitter image of Samoan batter Darius Visser.

Samoa middle-order batter Darius Visser on Tuesday (August 20, 2024) set a new world record for most runs in an over in T20Is, accumulating 39 against Vanuatu in the World Cup East Asia-Pacific Region Qualifier in the capital city of Apia.

Visser hammered pacer Nalin Nipiko for six sixes in an over that also included three no balls.

The 28-year-old right-handed batter, who learned the ropes in Sydney grade cricket, was playing in only his third T20I, and comes with the reputation of being a genuine power-hitter, who once topped the shot-speed session by Hype Cricket Academy in New South Wales, clocking a shade over 160 kmph.

🚨 The record for most runs off a single Men's T20I over has been shattered 😱

Samoa's Darius Visser is into the history books 🇼🇸 pic.twitter.com/bIpGVMATVC

— Sport360° (@Sport360) August 20, 2024
  

His big-hitting ability was evident in his knock against Vanuatu -- 132 off 62 balls with five fours and 14 sixes.

“It was clean hitting (by Visser). We did not know it was a world record, and later it was mentioned during the innings break.

“But happy for him, and happy that we managed a win. Looking forward to the next match,” Samoa skipper Jasmat Caleb replied to a PTI query.

Interactive content by Flourish

Samoa will face bitter rivals Fiji in their next EAP Qualifier match on Wednesday.

Previously, there were five occasions when a bowler conceded 36 runs in an over and they were Stuart Broad (2007), Akila Dananjaya (2021), Karim Jannat (2024), Kamran Khan (2024) and Azmatullah Omarzai (2024).

Broad conceded six sixes in as many balls against Yuvraj Singh of India in the 2007 T20 World Cup, while Windies batsman Kieron Pollard achieved the feat against Dananjaya during a bilateral T20I at Coolidge, Antigua.

6️⃣ 6️⃣ 6️⃣ 1NB 6️⃣ . 1NB 7NB 6️⃣= 39 runs

Samoa Batsman Darius Visser breaks the record for most runs from one over of a men's T20I Cricket.

Darius Visser. 39
D Singh airee. 36
Kieron Pollard. 36
Yuvraj Singh. 36pic.twitter.com/jEO4sjZ8uV

— CRICKET STATS (@fantasy1Cricket) August 20, 2024
  

Nepal’s Dipendra Singh Airee creamed sixes off Qatar’s Kamran Khan in the ACC Premier Cup, while Windies’ Nicholas Pooran hit Afghanistan pacer Azmatullah Omarzai for six sixes during the T20 World Cup this June at Gros Islet.

Rohit Sharma and Rinku Singh combined to take 36 runs off Afghanistan pacer Karim Janat at Bengaluru during a bilateral T20I that India won in the first-ever second Super Over.

Along with joining these big names, Visser, who also dabbles in coaching in Australia when he does not have international commitments, made another piece of history as his century was the first by a Samoan batter in T20Is.

The knock guided the side to a competitive 174 all out.

The next highest score in Samoa innings was 16 by Jasmat, and it underlined the value of his knock.

In reply, Vanuatu gave a strong chase but ended up at 164 for nine, losing the match by 10 runs.

Opener Nipiko nearly amended his waywardness with the ball with a 73 off 52 balls with six fours and three sixes.

He had good support from skipper Joshua Rasu (23 off 14 balls) and Tim Cutler (21 off 11 balls) but Vanuatu fell short.

Published - August 20, 2024 02:41 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20

Most Popular
Bhopal gas tragedy toxic waste shifted from Union Carbide factory for disposal after 40 years
Focus is on building depth and widening the squad for bigger challenges ahead: Fulton
Sri Lanka beats New Zealand by 7 runs in the 3rd T20 but New Zealand wins series 2-1
Kerala MLA Uma Thomas stable after fall, but continues on ventilator support
SA vs PAK first Test: South Africa stumbles to 27-3 in pursuit of tricky 148-run target against Pakistan
DSPs Nikhat Zareen and Siraj to aid coaching personnel at Telangana police’s proposed boxing and cricket centres
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Former PM Manmohan Singh death reactions LIVE 
PM Modi lays foundation for Ken-Betwa 
BJP leans on allies as 2025 polls beckon 
Judicial officer suspended 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/samoan-batter-darius-visser-sets-new-t20-international-record-with-39-run-over/article68545960.ece 
 ----- 
