SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Miami Freedom Park
Club
Tickets
Shop
Chase Stadium
RECAP: Chase Stadium Hosts Thrilling International Friendly as Italy and Venezuela Face Off for the First Time in History
Paula Silva

Friday, Mar 22, 2024, 01:38 AM

The Azurri earns 2-1 win over La Vinotinto during a sensational night of fúbol in South Florida

Tonight, a vibrant Chase Stadium witnessed a thrilling showcase of international fútbol that saw Italy and Venezuela face off for the first time in history, with the Azzurri securing a 2-1 win over La Vinotinto. Both national teams ignited the atmosphere in a clash that transcended borders and united fans during a phenomenal night of fútbol in South Florida, which also served as key preparation for both teams as they look ahead to key summer competitions, with Italy playing the Euro 2024 in Germany and Venezuela participating in the Copa América 2024 in the United States.  

Four-time World Cup winner Italy returned to the United States after nearly two decades and they did so in a big way. After a huge penalty save from goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma in the 3rd minute, the Italians netted the first goal of the night in the 40th minute courtesy of forward Mateo Retegui. Shortly after, Venezuela tied the game only three minutes later with a goal from attacker Darwin Machís that sent fans in the stands into a total frenzy. Italian fans got the last cheer, however, when Retegui secured the winning goal of the night for Italy and his brace in the 80th minute.  

The energy of the fans from both teams was electrifying, with the stands decorated in a sea of blue and maroon jerseys, representing the Azzurri and La Vinotinto.

Italy vs. Venezuela 03.21.24
1
/
20
DSC00389

“We were welcomed in a wonderful way. It was an embrace full of love and affection. After living this experience, I’m sure that we made the right decision to come here. It brings me a lot of joy and pride to see the blue jersey and be welcomed with so much love outside of Italy.” said Italy national team coach, Luciano Spalletti.

"It was a very nice spectacle and people were able to see both Venezuela and Italy. I have no doubt that we provided a nice exhibition to our fans," said Venezuela national team head coach Fernando Batista.

Prior to the match, both teams trained at the state-of-the-art Florida Blue Training Center during the week leading up to the game. The facility consists of a 50,000-square-foot training facility in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, which boasts six natural grass fields and one turf for the development of professional and youth players. Chase Stadium is located just across the street.

The international friendly was the fourth at Inter Miami’s world-class home in 2024, as January saw the international matchups between Guatemala and Iceland, Peruvian side Club Universitario and Colombian team Club Atlético Nacional, and Honduras and Iceland take place.

Paula Silva
CHASE STADIUM
EVENTS
MATCH RECAP
MATCH RECAP
Related Stories
Inter Miami CF’s 2025 MLS Schedule Has Arrived! Here are 10 Things You Should Know
Inter Miami CF 2025 MLS Regular Season Schedule Unveiled
Inter Miami CF and Florida Blue Spread Holiday Cheer to 32 Families with Another Successful Florida Blue Holiday Bash  
Club Sites
Club
Tickets
News
MLSSOCCER.COM
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.intermiamicf.com/news/recap-chase-stadium-hosts-thrilling-international-friendly-as-italy-and-venezuel 
 ----- 
