Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
News
Louis Rees-Zammit: What Next For The Welshman After Failing To Make NFL Grade At Kansas City Chiefs?
Louis Rees-Zammit: What next for the Welshman after failing to make NFL grade at Kansas City Chiefs?
Colin Newboult
28 Aug 2024 8:26 AM
51

Kansas City Chiefs running back Louis Rees-Zammit catches a pass during the NFL football team's rookie minicamp.

Louis Rees-Zammit’s NFL future is up in the air after he was cut from the Kansas City Chiefs’ roster on Tuesday.

The former Gloucester and Wales star made the transition from rugby in January and underwent an intense 10-week training course as part of the international player pathway programme.

Rees-Zammit then signed a deal with the Chiefs, joining the likes of Patrick Mahomes and Travis Kelce at the defending Super Bowl champions.

He impressed Mahomes with his athleticism, with the quarterback saying “that boy is fast”, but the 23-year-old’s challenge was always going to be learning the nuances of the sport in such a short space of time.

Unfortunately for the Welshman, he doesn’t appear to have picked it up quickly enough with the Chiefs deciding not to put him on their 53-man roster.

Rees-Zammit’s options

There is still hope for Rees-Zammit, though, who could well join Kansas’ practice squad, which consists of 16 players.

That can be increased to 17, with all NFL teams having an exemption if they include an international player. That would usually include the speedster, but it is understood it was waived for the Welshman.

Nigerian offensive tackle Chukwuebuka Godrick has that extra spot at the Chiefs for overseas individuals, which means Rees-Zammit’s future is slightly less certain.

Ad

However, he is still likely to be selected in the Chiefs’ practice squad later this week, which suggests that they think he is a project worth pursuing.

Louis Rees-Zammit: Expert’s blunt verdict on code hopper’s progress at Kansas City Chiefs

Although not able to play as part of the practice squad, players can be called up to the roster during the season but, if that doesn’t happen in Rees-Zammit’s case, it will still give him a year to learn the sport away from prying eyes.

Another option for the flyer would be to sign for another NFL team as he is now technically a free agent, but that is improbable given the risk associated with putting a complete novice on their roster.

Ad

Rees-Zammit has only played three pre-season matches in his career, with the 23-year-old not standing out in any of them.

There was an improvement, though, and his final encounter against the Chicago Bears was much more promising, but he was only given game time in the second half.

‘Heck of an athlete’

“I tried to give him the ball a little bit tonight. He had some real positive yards,” head coach Andy Reid said after the Bears loss. “That’ll be good for him to see and study himself on that, in live action like that.

“He’s a heck of an athlete. It’s just a matter of getting more familiar with it as he goes here. We’ll see how everything works out for him.”

Ad
Will Louis Rees-Zammit make it in the NFL?
Yes
No

The Chiefs tried Rees-Zammit in a variety of roles during pre-season in an attempt to fully utilise his skills garnered from rugby, using him as a punter, kick returner, running back and wide receiver.

“I’m not going to be the best player in the world overnight… I’d never played this sport before one week ago,” Rees-Zammit said after Kansas’ second pre-season clash against the Detroit Lions.

“People try and put me down… but I’m going to continue to work really hard every day and learn as much as I can.”

READ MORE: Louis Rees-Zammit ‘excited’ over future after making home debut for Kansas City Chiefs

News
Louis Rees-Zammit
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
20 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit opens up on ‘brutal’ nature of his NFL axing from Kansas City Chiefs

Louis Rees-Zammit has spoken about the "cut-throat" nature to his departure from Super Bowl champions the Kansas City Chiefs.

David Skippers
17 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit reveals complexity of getting to grips with key aspect of NFL

Louis Rees-Zammit has revealed one of the toughest aspects he has encountered since making the transition from rugby union to American football.

David Skippers
17 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit makes honest admission on the transition from rugby to NFL

Former Wales and Gloucester flyer Louis Rees-Zammit has spoken about his decision to make the transition to American football.

David Skippers
13 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit receives honest verdict on his NFL chances from former rugby convert

Christian Wade has given his verdict on whether Louis Rees-Zammit will make a successful transition to American football with the Jacksonville Jaguars.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
1 hour ago
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
2 hours ago
1
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
3 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
4 hours ago
7
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
5 hours ago
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/louis-rees-zammit-what-next-for-the-welshman-after-failing-to-make-nfl-grade-at-kansas-city-chiefs 
 ----- 
