Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / Sport / Cricket / Black Caps
Black Caps v Pakistan: Mark Chapman’s century leads NZ to victory in fifth Twenty20
AP
24 Apr, 2023 07:34 PM
3 mins to read
Save

Sign in to save for later


Share

The Black Caps' Mark Chapman celebrates after scoring his century. Photo / AP

Mark Chapman’s blistering maiden Twenty20 century powered an inexperienced Black Caps to a series-leveling victory against Pakistan.

New Zealand looked out of it at 73-4 in the 10th over, chasing 194. Then Chapman and Jimmy Neesham combined for an unbeaten 121 runs in 9.3 overs to win the fifth and final T20.

The Black Caps pulled off the second highest chase against Pakistan when they made 194-4 in reply to Pakistan’s 193-5 anchored by opener Mohammad Rizwan’s unbeaten 98 off 62 balls.

Chapman smashed a career-best 104 not out off 57 balls. Neesham hit his second highest T20 score of 45 not out off 25.

New Zealand came back from losing the first two matches in Lahore to square the series 2-2. The fourth match was washed out.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Chapman was the series star by scoring 290 runs in five games against a full-strength Pakistan bowling attack. He was dismissed just once in the opening game. It was a stunning show by a New Zealand squad depleted of eight frontline players who opted for the Indian Premier League.

“One of the best innings a lot of us have ever seen. Hats off to Chapman,” Black Caps captain Tom Latham said.

“They (Neesham and Chapman) just worked out their partnership really well and kept piling the pressure back on the opponents. It’s mightily satisfying that we ended with a series draw after being 2-0 down.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

New Zealand was in trouble early in the series decider. Shaheen Shah Afridi dismissed Latham off the first ball and found the edge of Will Young’s bat in the same over. Left-arm spinner Imad Wasim also got two wickets and tied down the New Zealanders.

But Chapman and Neesham cut loose in a chase paced to perfection.

Shadab Khan, who was taken out of the attack after bowling two overs for 29 runs, had a forgetful night in his hometown when he missed a regulation catch in Afridi’s return spell that could have dismissed Chapman on 67.

Chapman smashed 11 boundaries and four sixes, including a spliced six over third man off Haris Rauf, in a superb display at Pindi Cricket Stadium.

“Special knock this from Chapman, congratulations to him,” Pakistan captain Babar Azam said. “We were 10-15 runs short after Rizwan revived the innings for us through the middle phases.”

Rizwan gave Pakistan momentum after fast bowler Blair Tickner, playing his first game of the series in place of an injured Matt Henry, took two quick wickets and ended up with 3-33.

Babar and Rizwan combined for 51 off 34 balls before Tickner dismissed Babar and Mohammad Haris, one of the two changes by Pakistan.

Rizwan added 71 runs with Iftikhar Ahmed (36) and a rapid 68 with Imad Wasim (31).

Rizwan hit seven fours and four sixes to need three runs off the final over for his second T20 hundred. But he could make only a single off the first ball. Facing the last delivery by Neesham, Rizwan missed.

Both teams begin a five-match one-day international series on Thursday at Rawalpindi.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Recommended for you
Refresh for more
New Zealand
Lotto: Are you tonight’s lucky $1 million first division winner?
Cricket
Pant's explosion leaves Australia-India series set for dramatic conclusion
New Zealand
'Chose to love me like a dad': Melissa Chan-Green pays tribute to stepfather
Tennis
Giant American who stunned Djokovic late inclusion to Auckland men’s field
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from Black Caps
'I'm hungry for more': Duffy aiming to extend T20 starring role
02 Jan 07:03 PM

Jacob Duffy hopes his breakout series will lead to a consistent run with the Black Caps.

Sri Lanka claim consolation victory over Black Caps
02 Jan 04:40 AM
Black Caps fall barely short of record target
02 Jan 04:18 AM
Hay and Duffy star as Black Caps seal series win
30 Dec 10:07 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2025 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/cricket/black-caps/black-caps-v-pakistan-mark-chapmans-century-leads-nz-to-victory-in-fifth-twenty20/JRA47ZO4VNFATFQNVK3RRUBDHA/ 
 ----- 
