Skip to main content
LinkedIn
Articles
People
Learning
Jobs
Games
Join now
Sign in
Sachin Tendulkar: Where There is a Way, There is a Will
Sachin Tendulkar: A Triumph of Human Spirit
Prithvijit Roy
Prithvijit Roy
Market Insights Professional - GCC
Published Apr 23, 2023
+ Follow







The Lone Ranger

We have celebrated his magnificent centuries across Perth, Sydney, Manchester, Chennai and many other sterling feats such as being the highest run scorer across world cups; but sometimes perhaps take for granted his zeal to represent India across 200 tests and 6 world cups. Some of his finest innings and performances have resulted in excruciating heartbreaks for India – the 1999 Chennai test against Pakistan, ending up as the runner up in the 2003 world cup (despite being the highest scorer) and his countless test centuries across Australia, South Africa and New Zealand which proved to be in vain. In our professional set up, we have had some of our finest works and presentations thrown into the dustbin, either by clients or by bosses, which has made us question our own worth as well, haven’t we. But Tendulkar’s Zeal on not to give up on a world cup medal even after 5 failed attempts from 1992 to 2007 is a life lesson, on not only how to give up, but also how the world will conspire for you if you stick to your ability to believe in yourself. The first 12 years of his career, Sachin often remained a lone ranger for India in terms of performances occasionally supported by some of his colleagues.




The Team Builder

However, with time the likes of Virender Sehwag, Saurav Ganguly, Rahul Dravid and VVS Laxman started to share his responsibilities and gave him the belief that he was not alone in his quest to take Indian Cricket forward. We have often had situations; where despite being represented as a team, we often end up taking individual responsibility for executing a project; which may sometime not get the respect one deserves because of which many people quit the organization or the team. But it is the ability and willingness to stick to those trough’s, as teams and organization’s undergo transformation, that finally we too are able to learn and arrive to a better version of ourselves as team leaders and corporate leaders as well.




Recommended by LinkedIn
Business lessons learnt from a former pro cricketer
Nutrien Ag Solutions - Australia  3 months ago
Business of Cricket - India & Australia vs Pakistan
Ahmad Fuad  1 year ago
Joyful Excellence
Sangeeta Naik ..  1 year ago

The Silent Statesman

Sachin’s leadership stints have coincided with not very favourable results, as he captained India in two stints (1996-1997 and 1999-2000) in the latter half of the 90’s in tours to South Africa, West Indies and Australia. Even when playing many a lone knocks, he was not able to galvanise the team to get the desired results we hoped for, as the media and cricket pundits raised scathing questions on his leadership capabilities. This was indeed one of the first instances where one saw Sachin crack under the media scrutiny as he seemed lost for answers. After relinquishing the captaincy, he proved to be an able advisor to contemporaries like Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid, under whom Indian cricket scaled new heights. This was indeed a perfect case study on how sometimes the best employee of a team or organization may not be the best manager or leader. However the failures of his captaincy stints never stopped him from giving his suggestions to the captain. Infact it was Sachin’s foresight and recommendation that BCCI appointed a relative greenhorn from Jharkhand as captain and as they say; the rest became history under the captaincy of MS Dhoni. Despite his vast experience, Sachin’s willingness to play undersomeone who was 15 years his junior, simply provides a perspective on how any individual can bring the best out of himself as well as a team; if he understands his own limitations and capabilities as well. Indian cricket gained much more with Sachin Tendulkar – the senior statesman more than Sachin Tendulkar – The Captain of India.

Overcoming Heartbreaks

While the world has seen the lasting image of Tendulkar being carried on by team mates on their shoulders on the epic night of the world cup finals at Wankhede, the disappointment of multiple injuries such as the tennis elbow and back spasms, the ignonomy of a first round world cup exit in 2007 and being written off by friends and critics such as Sanjay Manjrekar and Ian Chappel were just some of the battles that Sachin has fought alone. As individuals working in the professional and personal space, some of the toughest mental battles we often end up fighting alone; but the skill and ability to hang in that phase while we are perhaps mentally and emotionally the most vulnerable, is something that a future version of ourselves look up to when placed against the odds or obstacles once again. Sachin Tendulkar is a lesson to all of us, that muscle memory of overcoming the odds is not only limited to sports; but also in any other field of work that we are associated with. There will be moments in our work when we question justice when we do not get that promotion in our office; or that appreciation from the client that we expect. But only when you go through the pain of losing to a rival while playing the best innings of your life (136 vs Pakistan in Chennai in 1999), do you also appreciate the countless life lines you get in a world cup semi finals (Sachin was dropped 5 times in a knock of 85 which is considered as one of his most flawed performances). This willingness and ability to survive failures is the single biggest gift that Tendulkar has taught to all of us. Life does get fair if we wait for our time to come.




Happy Birthday Sachin!!!




A Humble Fan!!!

Prithvijit Roy

24.04.2023

Like
Comment
Share
46
4 Comments
Charu Ahuja

Account Manager at Orange Business Services

1y

Sachin for us is not just about cricket or a Man… its an emotion!! No wonder that the chant “SACHIN” still bring goosebumps to many even today!!

Like
Reply
Shazia Khan

Research Director at Ipsos || Ex-Marico, Bajaj, Nielsen, Kantar

1y

Well written!
Ability to overcome failure and bottlenecks is highly under rated.

Like
Reply
2 Reactions
Ashish Kumar

Market Researcher || IIM Indore

1y

covering 24 years of cricketing brilliance in words is difficult but this is the closest anyone has done in my eyes. His excellence cannot be measured by statistics as he has not only given us hope, but carried childhood of most of the 90s kids. Well researched and extremely thorough.vLike we say, Sachin is not a cricketer but an emotion...

Like
Reply
1 Reaction
See more comments

To view or add a comment, sign in

Sign in

Stay updated on your professional world

Sign in

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.

New to LinkedIn? Join now

Insights from the community
Office Administration
What does an assistant tennis professional do?
Functional Training
What does a gymnastics instructor do?
Sports Management
What are the most important leadership qualities for building and managing successful gymnastics teams?
Mentoring
How do you become an assistant tennis professional?
Mentoring
What does a figure skating instructor do?
Mentoring
What does a rowing instructor do?
Show more 
Others also viewed
Team India Brings Home the T20 World Cup Trophy under Best Leadership
XLNC Technologies  6mo
Legends Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma Announce Retirement After T20 World Cup Triumph
Ganesh Kuppala  6mo
Yuvraj Singh – Lions Lie In Wait
Dr. Kaustubh Sonalkar  7y
If you can Dream it YOU can do it-India's Cricket wins prove it !
Rashmi Shetty  1y
What we can learn from Team India's purple patch
Abhigyan Chand  3y
Beyond the Numbers: Virat Kohli's Humility
Narendra Goidani  1y
Show more 
Explore topics
Sales
Marketing
IT Services
Business Administration
HR Management
Engineering
Soft Skills
See All
LinkedIn
© 2025
About
Accessibility
User Agreement
Privacy Policy
Your California Privacy Choices
Cookie Policy
Copyright Policy
Brand Policy
Guest Controls
Community Guidelines
Language
Sign in to view more content

Create your free account or sign in to continue your search

Sign in

or

New to LinkedIn? Join now

By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/sachin-tendulkar-triumph-human-spirit-prithvijit-roy 
 ----- 
