Skip to main content
Silver Screen and Roll homepage
a Los Angeles Lakers community
Follow Silver Screen and Roll online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Silver Screen and Roll main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

LAKERS NEWS
Darvin Ham ‘completely grateful’ for time with Lakers: ‘I wish that franchise nothing but the best’

In his first public comments since being fired by the Lakers, Darvin Ham had nothing but positive words to say of his time in Los Angeles.

By Jacob Rude@JacobRude  Oct 11, 2024, 1:22pm PDT  6 Comments / 6 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

The Lakers’ trip to Milwaukee offered a first chance for the team to reunite with Darvin Ham after his firing this offseason. After parting ways with the Lakers, Ham landed on his feet, returning to the Bucks to join Doc Rivers’ staff.

On Thursday, Ham spoke to Dave McMenamin of ESPN for his first public comments since being fired and had nothing but kind things to say about his time in Los Angeles.

“The state of the team when they hired me, up until the day they fired me, I like to think it improved. And that’s all I care about. I poured myself, my heard and soul, into that team trying to improve it from where it was - 33-49. And to get to the Western Conference finals in one year, have guys benefit from it financially. To have that excitement going into that next year, get derailed by injuries, still manage to win the In-Season Tournament and get to the playoffs, I thank God every day.

Again, I’m completely grateful. I wish that franchise nothing but the best. I’m not mean or angry or bitter about anything. Some people have certain opinions and those are opinions, but if you really look at the facts, there’s not much for me personally I have to say. So, that’s it.”

On paper, Ham’s accomplishments stick out. He helped turn the Lakers around and get them back to the Western Conference Finals.

Hell, he’s responsible for a banner hanging in the rafters of Crypto.com Arena! And yes, I am joking.

We don’t have to relitigate everything that went awry in his tenure and it certainly was a warranted decision this summer considering how much he had clearly lost the locker room. The Lakers spent a good chunk of Media Day and the preseason throwing some shade Ham’s way, intentional or not.

His tenure wasn’t great and likely won’t be remembered all that fondly, but he did bring some highlights to the franchise. There shouldn’t be many hard feelings his way. The Lakers moved on and Ham clearly has, too.

You can follow Jacob on Twitter at @JacobRude.

MORE FROM SILVER SCREEN AND ROLL
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs game as wildfires continue in Los Angeles
JJ Redick says Lakers want to play against Spurs on Saturday
Emotional JJ Redick reflects on ‘devastation’ from Palisades wildfire
Everything you need to know for the Sparks ahead of WNBA free agency
Rotation Trust Level: Another starting lineup change?
The Lakers have shifted to more small ball, but is that the solution?
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Silver Screen & Roll Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Los Angeles Lakers news from Silver Screen & Roll
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.silverscreenandroll.com/2024/10/11/24268080/darvin-ham-lakers-bucks-reaction-fired-rob-pelinka 
 ----- 
