Skip to content
December 29, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
Fiji secure knockouts – PNG keeps hope alive

Fiji’s second win sees them through to the knockouts, while PNG and Tahiti will have to wait until the final matchday.

Fiji captain Roy Krishan celebrates one of his goals against Samoa during the OFC Men’s Nations Cup 2024 (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

In the early match of the day it was Papua New Guinea and Tahiti who played it out. PNG were looking to bounce back from the opening day thumping by Fiji, while Tahiti could secure their place in the knockouts with a win, following their opening day win over Samoa.

But it would end in a draw between the two heavyweights.

A wonderful counter-attack from Tahiti saw Matéo Degrumelle running free of the defence before drawing in goalkeeper Ronald Warisan and delicately dinking the ball into the far corner.

PNG bounced back immediately. The equaliser took only nine minutes to arrive and it was Hekari United midfielder Ati Kepo at the heart of the attack – beating his man in the box before selflessly squaring a pass to the supporting Pala Paul to roll the ball into the unguarded net.

Papua New Guineas Tommy Semmy in the match against Tahiti (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

And those two first half goals were all the scoring that the match had to offer.

That means the teams will find out which one advances on the final day, when PNG play Samoa, while Tahiti play Fiji.

Speaking of the hosts, the Bula Boys dispatched of Samoa with ease in the late kick off.

Less than three minutes had elapsed when Rewa FC’s Setareki Hughes opened the scoring. The attacking midfielder picking the ball up on the right-hand touchline, cutting in onto his favoured left foot and firing low, past Samoa ‘keeper Joel Bartley.

Thomas Dunn doubled the lead with a well directed looping header over Bartley, following a good cross from Hughes, before Roy Krishna was upended in the box in stoppage time, earning a penalty, which he converted himself.

Over in the second half, the goals kept coming, and eventually Fiji won 9-1.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: Fiji, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Tahiti
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/19/fiji-secure-knockouts-png-keeps-hope-alive/ 
 ----- 
