SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
ASLLANI FIRES ALBANIA TO NARROW NATIONS LEAGUE VICTORY OVER GEORGIA
Asllani fires Albania to narrow Nations League victory over Georgia
Alex Waite,
14.10.2024 18:04
Asllani scored Albania's winning goal
Armando Babani/ZUMA Press Wire/S / Shutterstock Editorial / Profimedia
Kristjan Asllani’s second-half strike led Albania to their first victory over Georgia since 2005 as the Eagles beat the Crusaders 1-0 to keep their hopes of UEFA Nations League promotion alive.

Georgia’s confidence was sky-high from the off inside the Mikheil Meskhi Stadium, as the Crusaders looked to cement their place at the top of Group B1.

Budu Zivzivadze nearly got the hosts off to the perfect start, racing into the box to meet Otar Kakabadze’s cross before side-footing over the crossbar from six yards out.

During a dangerous opening period on the front foot, Zuriko Davita­shvili was first to test Thomas Strakosha with a curling strike towards the corner, which the Albanian goalkeeper palmed to safety.

Despite failing to score in their previous two games, Albania showed their own attacking threat when Indrit Tuci managed to break into the box unmarked but couldn’t find a way past the fully-stretched Giorgi Mamard­ashvili.

Following an end-to-end start, the chances dried up before half-time as Albania allowed Georgia plenty of possession, yet the home side were unable to find a moment of inspiration and failed to score a first-half goal for a third consecutive Nations League match.

Match stats
Flashscore

In a second-half role reversal, Albania made the quicker start, scoring their first goal against Georgia since 2015 as Tuci controlled inside the area and laid off to the lurking Asllani, who made no mistake firing low into the bottom corner.

The visitors now sensed a chance to pull level at the top of Group B1, but Nedim Bajrami couldn’t hold his nerve 10 yards out, missing the chance to double Albania’s advantage as he sent his shot flying over the bar.

Georgia piled on late pressure in a desperate bid to salvage their six-match home unbeaten run and Georges Mikautadze thought he’d equalised with a powerful attempt that Strakosha repelled late on.

Georgia’s inability to strike during a dominant opening spell ultimately proved costly, with Willy Sagnol’s outfit now facing a three-way battle with Albania and the Czech Republic to try and seal a fourth Nations League promotion in four campaigns.

Albania marked just their second victory in their previous six in Tbilisi and with two home games in November to complete Group B1, Sylvinho’s side will fancy their chances of potentially snatching top spot.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Kristjan Asllani (Albania)

Player ratings
Flashscore

Check out the match stats with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Albania
Georgia
Related Articles
Steve Clarke backs Scotland to bounce back from 'tough' winless run
14.10.2024 17:28
Rice praises 'unbelievable' England interim manager Carsley as uncertainty mounts
14.10.2024 10:14
Winners and Losers: Arnautovic leads free-scoring Austria as Van Dijk sees red
14.10.2024 08:39
Show more
Football
League Cup quarter-final 'huge' for Howe as he seeks to end Newcastle's trophy drought
25 min ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Tottenham players stand out while Isak shines
1 h ago
Wolves reportedly agree deal to appoint Vitor Pereira as coach to replace Gary O'Neil
1 h ago
Arne Slot not worried about touchline ban with Liverpool in League Cup quarter-final action
1 h ago
Team of the Week: Son steps up for Spurs, Gimenez hits a hat-trick
1 h ago
Former international Abich says Gor Mahia must stick with coach Otieno despite poor form
1 h ago
Chelsea's Mykhailo Mudryk set to be suspended after 'adverse finding' in drugs test
2 h ago
Former England assistant Steve Holland appointed Yokohama F Marinos manager
3 h ago
Brazil legend Ronaldo running to be president of nation's FA
4 h ago
Iraola and Lopetegui both left wanting more after Bournemouth draw with West Ham
4 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
James Wade dumped out of Darts World Championship by Jermaine Wattimena
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
Lens - PSG
FOOTBALL SCORES
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Tottenham - Liverpool
Manchester City - Everton
Liverpool - Leicester
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/georgia-albania-report-2024-10-14/GGcSKTr9/ 
 ----- 
