Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNBADENVER NUGGETS
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
Jamal Murray led the way with 21 points and nine assists, but the Nuggets had six players in double figures in Wednesday’s resounding win over the Clippers.
Russell Westbrook (4) of the Denver Nuggets likens Norman Powell (24) of the LA Clippers to a baby after cooking him during the third quarter at Ball Arena in Denver on Wednesday, Jan. 8, 2025. (Photo by AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: January 9, 2025 at 12:18 AM MST

The Nuggets have experience beating the Clippers without Nikola Jokic.

They pulled it off in Los Angeles last season, led by Reggie Jackson’s stirring 35-point, 13-assist performance. Jamal Murray and Aaron Gordon were also absent from that game, which was memorable enough for coach Michael Malone to reminisce on Wednesday night before opening tip.

“Fly Reggie Jackson back in,” Malone said when asked about Denver’s priorities. Jokic was out sick for the second consecutive night.

Finishing a back-to-back after an admirable fight against the defending champion Celtics, the Nuggets sent Jokic a get-well-soon card through the television. They dismantled the Clippers with team basketball, riding six double-digit scoring efforts to a 126-103 win at Ball Arena.

“Our starters set the tone. The guys on the bench came in ready to play,” Malone said. “And as a micro-goal in this league, you never want to lose two in a row. You really want to make sure you don’t have extended losing streaks. And that was a big game.”

Murray played one of his most complete games of the season, shooting 4-for-6 from the 3-point line while amassing 21 points, nine assists, a steal and a block. Michael Porter Jr. stayed hot with 19 efficient points and eight rebounds. Russell Westbrook scored 11 of his 19 in the third quarter, when he broke out a rock-the-baby celebration for the fans after an and-one against former teammate Norman Powell.

Even DeAndre Jordan, who has been Malone’s most serviceable backup center, turned in an outstanding performance. He was an integral part of the Jokic-less win last season, and he went for 12 points and nine rebounds this time. Malone went to him in the starting lineup after Dario Saric on Tuesday. (Saric, after one impressive two-way sequence against the Clippers, earned a huge high-five from Malone on his way to the huddle.)

The Nuggets (21-15) remain averse to rest. They are now 8-0 on the second night of back-to-backs but 3-6 after two or more days without a game.

After one of those losses to Boston, Malone lauded his short-handed team’s heart but noted the lack of any margin for error when Jokic isn’t playing, especially against good teams. The Clippers may not be as good as the Celtics, but they have out-performed expectations in the first half of the season without Kawhi Leonard, who was healthy Wednesday but away from the team to be with his family amid wildfires in the Los Angeles area.

They entered Ball Arena with a 20-16 record, half a game back from fourth-place Denver. Now, by taking care of business, the Nuggets have successfully answered a mini-lifeline sent to them by the NBA last month. Los Angeles led the season series 2-0 with only one matchup remaining, only for the league to schedule a fourth regular-season game between the two teams after they were both eliminated from the NBA Cup.

RELATED ARTICLES
Jordi Fernandez returns to Denver as first-time NBA head coach: “Every year that I was here helped prepare me”
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Ty Lue on Los Angeles wildfires as Kawhi Leonard steps away from Clippers: “Definitely have to take care of home”

The Clippers had a hypothetical tiebreaker clinched. The NBA un-clinched it. Now the series is 2-2, and if neither team wins its division, a potential tiebreaker will come down to the best record against Western Conference opponents.

“There’s no moral victories. I love how hard we played (against Boston), but it’s still a loss,” Malone said. “End of the season, that’s all anybody’s gonna see. We lost to Boston at home. … I reminded our players before we came out (tonight), we’re 20-15. They’re 20-16. We’re down 1-2 against them head-to-head. This game has a lot of impact. So you lose one game in this situation, you go from fourth to seventh place. And our guys understood that, and we found a way.”

Denver’s first half was comprehensive. Even with no Jokic and no Gordon (calf), the paint was no problem. The Nuggets led 26-10 in the lane by halftime. They led 18-7 in transition, 11-0 on second chances and 30-18 from the 3-point line (thanks to a 10-for-13 start). They led the rebounding battle, 29-20. Julian Strawther took heat-check 3s off the bench. Westbrook tipped in a Jordan missed free throws for a four-point possession. Porter buried shots with hands in his face. Murray hunted 3s off the dribble, not just midrange shots, and he almost flashed his old “Blue Arrow” celebration after one pull-up.

“I just don’t remember the last time I made two 3s in a row,” he said. “It felt good to come down and just pull it. Like I said, I’ve been frustrated, just missing some good looks, and it felt food to hit a couple like that.”

Powell led the Clippers with 30 points, but James Harden was held to 16 points on 15 shots.

Want more Nuggets news? Sign up for the Nuggets Insider to get all our NBA analysis.

Never miss a Nuggets scoop: Sign up for Breaking Nuggets News email alerts.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Denver Post.

Originally Published: January 8, 2025 at 9:35 PM MST
Around the Web
If Your Dog Does This, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Stupefied!
tardive disknesya
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Worst Foods for Diabetics That Should Be Avoided
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Las Vegas: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent - Know the Signals!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Neuropathy? When the Burning, Tingling & Numbness Won't Stop - Do This
WellnessGaze Neuro
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
15 Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Forget Minoxidil, Use This Household Item to Fight Hair Loss
WG Hair Restore
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Surgeon: Toenail Fungus? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Derma
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Neuropathy? Your Nervous System Can Be Restored, Even if You're Over 50
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
7 Bipolar Symptoms Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quiz Test)
Bipolar Test I Search Ads
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Las Vegas: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Healthier Living Tips
If You Have a Gassy Stomach, Do This Immediately for Parasite Cleanse
WellnessGaze News
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Family sues 24 Hour Fitness in Colorado Springs after dad’s alleged death from steam room explosion
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Teen arrested after fatal shooting outside northeast Aurora home
Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
From Bo Nix to a defensive overhaul, Broncos’ surge to postseason powered by transformative offseason
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Schwalb Builders owners, employees indicted in Denver metro home remodeling scheme
Aurora seeks emergency closure of troubled Edge of Lowry apartments as complex reaches “breaking point”
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DENVER NUGGETS
Grading The Week: Should Nuggets keep starting Russell Westbrook when Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon return?
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
2025
January
8
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close

Sign up to get a weekly newsletter from The Denver Post that includes everything you need to know to follow the Denver Nuggets.

SIGN UP
No,thanks
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

﻿SAVE NOW
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2025/01/08/nuggets-clippers-score-jamal-murray-russell-westbrook/ 
 ----- 
