Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBABOSTON CELTICS
Kristaps Porzingis follows up season-best game with bold Celtics prediction
Team goes 3-1 on road trip
Boston Celtics center Kristaps Porzingis hangs from the rim after dunking the ball for a basket in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Denver Nuggets, Tuesday, Jan. 7, 2025, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By ZACK COX
UPDATED: January 8, 2025 at 4:12 PM EST

This was the type of performance Kristaps Porzingis and his team had been waiting for.

Waylaid by surgery rehab for the first month of the season and then snakebitten by a series of minor injuries, the Celtics big man delivered his most comprehensive outing yet Tuesday night in a road win over the shorthanded Nuggets.

Porzingis scored 25 points, including 15 in an impressive first quarter, and grabbed 11 rebounds — six defensive, five offensive — as Boston pulled away late in Denver to win 118-106. His first double-double of the season also featured three assists, two steals and a stonewall block on veteran DeAndre Jordan that helped spark the Celtics’ fourth-quarter surge.

Up one at the time, Boston began a 15-0 run a minute later that put the game out of reach.

Importantly, the Nuggets were playing without under-the-weather superstar Nikola Jokic, who’s in contention for his fourth NBA MVP Award in five years. Jokic’s unexpected absence — he was scratched an hour before tipoff because of a worsening illness — made Porzingis’ assignment much easier.

But despite that drop in difficulty, the Celtics came away encouraged by Porzingis’ play. Head coach Joe Mazzulla said in his postgame news conference that Porzingis “was big-time … on both ends of the floor” and “the most physical” he’d been since his return from surgery.

Teammates agreed.

“I think those guys did a great job making plays, and especially KP,” Jayson Tatum told reporters in Denver. “I think that the force that he played with (Tuesday night) on both ends, that block on (Jordan), and just the force he played with on the offensive end — drawing fouls, attacking the mismatches, getting offensive rebounds. He had a couple put-back dunks, I think. That really just helped us separate the game and change the momentum. So the way he played (Tuesday) was much-needed.”

Porzingis went 7-for-7 inside the restricted area and drew four fouls (6-for-8 on free throws). He was able to increase his physicality without being reckless, as evidenced by his low foul count (one) and turnover total (one) over his 34 minutes. In Sunday’s loss to Oklahoma City, during which the Celtics scored just 27 second-half points, Porzingis committed five fouls and turned the ball over four times.

“He looked really good (against Denver),” Jrue Holiday told reporters. “… Obviously, when KP’s playing well, we’re pretty tough to beat.”

He’s still not back to peak form, Porzingis admitted. He told reporters after Tuesday’s win that he’s “80-85%” of the way there. He still needs to “calibrate” his shot — his effective field-goal percentage is down more than six points from last season, and he went 2-for-11 outside the restricted area against Denver — and prove he can stay healthy. Before returning to action in last Friday’s win at Houston, he missed four straight games with the ankle sprain he suffered on Christmas.

But Porzingis believes he’ll soon be the floor-tilting difference-maker he was during his excellent debut season in Boston.

“Obviously, it doesn’t sound good, but I have to play my way back into good shape, and then I can exert more energy on things,” he told reporters. “But I know this is what everybody expects from me. This is what I showed last season, and now I’m just working my way back up. Honestly, (Tuesday) was, in my opinion, one of the first games where I felt like I’m getting close to feeling healthy, feeling good and getting back in good shape. …

“I know that moment is coming where everything will start clicking and I’ll play really high-level basketball.”

Porzingis sees a shift coming for the team as a whole, too.

Though two of the teams the Celtics beat during their 3-1 Western Conference road trip were missing key players, Boston also played two of the four games without Jaylen Brown, one without Porzingis and one without Derrick White, who sat out the Denver W with an illness. Thirty-seven games in, the Celtics have had their entire rotation available just twice (and in one of those contests, White injured his foot and missed the second half).

Mazzulla’s preferred starting five has played just 103 minutes together all season, and Boston has struggled in those minutes, with opponents outscoring that group by 11.9 points per 100 possessions. Even though the Celtics’ roster is nearly identical to last year’s championship squad, that lack of game-to-game cohesiveness has made finding a rhythm tricky, especially with Porzingis still ramping up and opponents drawing up new ways to defend them.

The Celtics’ top eight players have missed twice as many games (56) as they had at this point last season (28). Five of them have missed at least six, and all but Payton Pritchard (zero DNPs) have sat out at least two.

“I think it’s (affected us) a decent amount,” Mazzulla told reporters before Tuesday’s game. “I think when you take a look at just the rhythm and the reps that we’ve gotten, we’re kind of almost at the beginning of training camp with that starting five as to what the reps look like. You can’t underestimate how that impacts each other. Not positively or negatively; it just does.”

There’s no guarantee the Celtics will be healthier moving forward than they have been thus far, and they’ll still want to manage the workloads of their older and more fragile players. But Porzingis’ progress is a promising development as Boston — which, at 27-10, entered Wednesday five games back of first-place Cleveland in the Eastern Conference standings — looks to reassert itself as a championship front-runner.

“I didn’t think we were, like, excellent (Tuesday night), but I think we’re going to turn the corner and go on a nice run,” Porzingis told reporters. “I really believe so. … We’ll get some consistency now, I believe.”

Originally Published: January 8, 2025 at 12:14 PM EST
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
tardive
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The Fungus Will Disappear in 2 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Nuubu
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Swollen Feet & Ankles: Use This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
Signals of Crohn`s Disease You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do! (See Here)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
MD: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Erase Nerve Damage (Neuropathy) With This Simple Daily Routine
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Surgeon: Toenail Fungus? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Derma
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Most Popular
TRENDING NOW
Celtics’ Kristaps Porzingis misses second straight game with ankle injury
Kristaps Porzingis exits Celtics-76ers Christmas game with ankle injury
Celtics injuries: Kristaps Porzingis sits again vs. Raptors; Jrue Holiday returns
Slumping Celtics rule out two starters for matchup vs. Pacers
Patriots have 21 players set to hit free agency during 2025 offseason
Patriots put in interview request with fifth head coaching candidate
Callahan: Robert Kraft must stick the landing in Patriots’ coaching search
Dear Abby: Arrest reveals family’s child porn perv
Lucas: Harris-Biden disaster evacuates D.C.
Bob Dylan shares praise for Timothée Chalamet in ‘A Complete Unknown’ biopic
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN BOSTON CELTICS
Joe Mazzulla taught Celtics ‘hysterical’ lesson after latest Jayson Tatum dig
Celtics blown out in fourth quarter in ugly home loss to Kings
Celtics rule out two players vs. Kings in return to TD Garden
How game vs. Payton Pritchard showed Derrick White his NBA potential
2025
January
8
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2025/01/08/kristaps-porzingis-follows-up-season-best-game-with-bold-celtics-prediction/ 
 ----- 
