Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime & Public Safety
Your Tax Dollars At Work
Massachusetts
Nation
World
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Columnists
Traffic
Automotive
Real Estate
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Submit a Letter
Sports
Sports
Boston Red Sox
New England Patriots
Boston Celtics
Boston Bruins
Olympics
College Sports
High School Sports
Politics
Politics
Donald Trump
Election 2024
State House
Boston City Hall
Entertainment
Entertainment
Arts
Movies
TV and Streaming
Music and Concerts
Events
Fun & Games
Contests
Comics
Puzzles
Special Sections
Lifestyle
Lifestyle
Restaurants Food & Drink
Travel
Fashion
Boston Herald Store
Photo
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Login

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBA
Celtics survive scare, beat Nikola Jokic-less Nuggets to cap 3-1 road trip
Boston Celtics guard Jrue Holiday, right, goes up for a basket as Denver Nuggets forward Dario Saric defends in the first half of an NBA basketball game Tuesday, Jan. 7, 2025, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By ZACK COX
UPDATED: January 8, 2025 at 9:09 AM EST

The 2024-25 Denver Nuggets are, statistically speaking, the worst NBA team in over a decade when their three-time MVP is not on the floor.

But even without superstar center Nikola Jokic, who was a late scratch due to illness, Denver gave the Celtics a serious scare Tuesday night at Ball Arena. It took a late surge by Boston to turn a tie game early in the fourth quarter into a deceptively lopsided win, with the Celtics prevailing 118-106 to cap a 3-1 Western Conference road trip.

Celtics big man Kristaps Porzingis turned in arguably his best game since his return from offseason leg surgery, finishing with 25 points and 11 rebounds (including five offensive boards) and an emphatic fourth-quarter block on DeAndre Jordan. Jayson Tatum scored 29 points, was a game-best plus-23 and had two of the Celtics’ seven blocks.

Boston also totaled 11 steals in the win, including four by Al Horford and two each by Porzingis and Jrue Holiday (19 points, seven assists), who was instrumental in the late rally that put the game away.

Though they did not have a Jokic-level hole in their lineup, the Celtics were playing without starting guard Derrick White and reserve forward Jordan Walsh (both inactive because of illness).

The Nuggets entered Tuesday with a net rating of minus-14.8 when Jokic sits. The last NBA team to post a mark that low was the 2011-12 Charlotte Bobcats. With Jokic on the court, they had a net rating of 11.0, which would rank third in the league this season, behind only conference leaders Oklahoma City and Cleveland.

Jokic’s struggling supporting cast stepped up, though, aided by uncharacteristically strong 3-point shooting efforts by Russell Westbrook (4-for-9), Julian Strawther (3-for-5) and Peyton Watson (3-for-5). Westbrook scored 26 to lead Denver, with Strawther and Jamal Murray each adding 19.

Porzingis got off to his best start of the season with 15 first-quarter points. He absorbed a shot to a sensitive area while leaping for a put-back but remained in the game after a brief trip to the bench.

“I thought he was big-time tonight on both ends of the floor,” Celtics head coach Joe Mazzulla told reporters postgame. “For this season, for the way that smalls are going on him, I thought it was the most physical that he was, and I thought that was the most intentional we were about not only getting him the ball but getting him into the paint against smaller matchups.”

Twice in the opening quarter, the Celtics turned a block into points at the other end. Tatum engineered the first, swatting Christian Braun at the rim and then lofting a fast-break alley-oop to Porzingis. On the second, Kornet denied Zeke Nnaji, leading to a Payton Pritchard three in transition.

Tatum missed all five of his 3-point attempts in the first quarter, but he went to work inside, starting 4-for-5 from two and 3-for-3 from the foul line. His first eight makes all came inside the restricted area as Boston exploited a Denver defense that struggles to guard the paint even when Jokic is active (27th in the NBA). The Celtics scored 20 points in the paint before the Nuggets scored their third.

That gulf narrowed as the game progressed, but Boston still finished with 60 paint points, far above their per-game season average of 41.9.

The Celtics led 37-25 after one quarter, then went up 15 early in the second after Porzingis stripped Westbrook and fed Sam Hauser for an open three. The game could have spiraled for Denver from that point, but the hosts proceeded to control play for the next 10 minutes.

Between Hauser’s three and halftime, the Nuggets outscored the Celtics 29-14, including a 13-2 run with Tatum on the bench. Their outside shooting was more efficient than Boston’s, and Murray began finding pockets of space in the lane. Apparent positioning errors by Neemias Queta created some of these holes, though the reserve center stabilized over the course of his eight-minute shift and delivered some impactful plays on the offensive end.

Five Denver players scored in double figures in the first half, including Watson, whose second corner 3-pointer tied the game at 57-57.

After being held scoreless in the second half against the Thunder on Sunday, Jaylen Brown did not make a field goal in the first half against Denver, with his only points coming on two late free throws. He finally began to assert himself after halftime, scoring on back-to-back possessions early in the third quarter and soaring for a transition slam off a Holiday steal.

Brown also flipped a pass to Porzingis for a dunk after his drive drew three Nuggets defenders. He finished with 14 points, eight rebounds and eight assists, with all of his scoring coming at or near the rim.

Holiday set up the next two Boston buckets, as well, grabbing rebounds on consecutive Denver misses and zipping long-range outlet passes to Brown and Tatum. The veteran guard also hit a three a minute later to give the Celtics a six-point lead.

The Nuggets threatened to cut that to one when Hauser fouled Michael Porter Jr. from behind on a drive. But Mazzulla challenged the call, and the foul was changed to a clean block and a turnover. Hauser, whose hustle gave the scuffling Celtics a boost, hit a three on the ensuing possession.

A subsequent three by Tatum and two Porzingis free throws sent the Celtics into the fourth quarter up 88-83. But Denver quickly erased that deficit, knotting the score 70 seconds into the fourth, then again with 8:23 to play.

That’s when the Celtics finally pulled away. Holiday fed an inbounds pass to Porzingis for a dunk, then drained a three, then assisted on a Brown layup. Then, a Tatum steal turned into a Horford triple. Luke Kornet blocked a Westbrook 3-pointer. Tatum sank a jumper in the lane to beat the shot clock, then made three foul shots after being fouled by an incredulous Murray.

By the time Westbrook snapped a four-plus-minute Denver scoring drought, Boston had ripped off a 15-0 run. The Nuggets made one final push as time wound down, but they got no closer than eight points.

Opposing personnel notwithstanding, the win and the strong finish allowed the Celtics to wrestle back momentum after they were manhandled in the second half of Sunday’s 105-92 loss at OKC. Now 27-10 on the season, they’ve won four of their last five games and will host the Sacramento Kings back at TD Garden on Friday night.

The Kings have won five straight — the third-longest active streak in the NBA — and are 5-1 since firing former head coach Mike Brown.

Originally Published: January 8, 2025 at 12:46 AM EST
Around the Web
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Health Trition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe the Baldness
BioGrow
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
tardive
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive | Search Ads
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Las Vegas: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Las Vegas: a Stunning Prefab House Just for $5000 - Peek Inside!
Shipping Container Homes
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Forget Vitamin B, Do This if You Have Neuropathy & Nerve Pain
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
Do This to Regrow Your Hair (Once Daily)
WG Hair Restore
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Bloating, Constipation & Gas? Do This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze News
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Forget Furosemide, Use This Household Item to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Surgeon: Unclog Your Arteries by 93% (Without Giving Up Salt)
WellnessGaze Heart
Vertigo: Do This to Relieve Dizziness (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Celtics rule out two star players for road game vs. Timberwolves
Celtics won’t face Nikola Jokic after three-time MVP ruled out with illness
Jaylen Brown’s 44 points power Celtics to slump-busting rout of Pacers
Jayson Tatum makes Celtics history as Boston pummels Bulls in rematch
Gov. Healey orders inspection of state-run shelters following migrant arrested with fentanyl, AR-15 at a Revere hotel
Massachusetts school superintendents’ group severs ties with MassCUE in wake of controversial conference
Sutton Republican eyes changes to ruling barring local police from cooperating with federal immigration authorities
Bob Dylan shares praise for Timothée Chalamet in ‘A Complete Unknown’ biopic
Dear Abby: Arrest reveals family’s child porn perv
Lucas: Harris-Biden disaster evacuates D.C.
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
SUBSCRIBER EXCLUSIVE
Saturday’s high school roundup/scores: Shawsheen Tech pins five opponents, now 14-0
Bruins survive late goal, beat Panthers in OT, 4-3
Caroline Doherty scores late, lifts Hingham over Malden Catholic
Medfield ends busy week by skating past rival Norwood, 3-1
2025
January
8
SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS
e-Edition
Send a News Tip
CONTACT US
Boston Herald Store/Back Copies
Work With Us
Legal Notices
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Contests
Special Sections
Fun & Games
Jobs
BUSINESS DIRECTORY
Network Advertising
Adtaxi Solutions
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Informatio
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bostonherald.com/2025/01/08/celtics-survive-scare-beat-nikola-jokic-less-nuggets-to-cap-3-1-road-trip/ 
 ----- 
