Skip to main content
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App
Home
News
Business
Forum
Island Life
Sports
The Globe
Subscription Services
Site search
SUBSCRIBE
Bucks snap losing streak with Jazz rout
AFP
Nov 8, 2024 Updated Nov 9, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email

Damian Lillard's 34 points gave Milwaukee their first home win of the season on Thursday in a victory over Utah

Stacy Revere
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Damian Lillard scored 34 points as the Milwaukee Bucks snapped a run of six straight defeats to bag their first home win of the season with a 123-100 victory over the Utah Jazz on Thursday.

Lillard rattled in four three-pointers and shot 12-of-22 from the field en route to his third straight 30-point game to help Milwaukee claim only their second win since a season-opening defeat of the Philadelphia 76ers last month.

Giannis Antetokounmpo added 31 points with 16 rebounds while Bobby Portis bagged 19 off the bench as Milwaukee clinched a badly needed victory after a miserable start to the campaign.

She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Taylor Swift's Actual Height And Weight Will Make You Look Twice
The Business Leads
Ellen Degeneres and Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
rankupwards

The 2021 NBA champions started the game with a 1-6 record that has left them one place off the bottom of the Eastern Conference.

Utah looked ready to compound Milwaukee's problems after taking a 61-57 half-time lead at the Fiserv Forum.

But the Bucks finally clicked into gear with a devastating third-quarter performance, outscoring Utah 31-16 to build what turned out to be an insurmountable lead as they finally gave their home fans something to cheer about.

"It feels great," Lillard said. "Getting off to a rough start, it's easy to get down on yourself and start to panic a little bit and worry.

"Tonight we just came out with the right mentality. They hit some threes, but we stuck with it, shared the ball and finally we caught our stride and take over the game.

"We just got to be able to use this as momentum going forward."

In other games, the Minnesota Timberwolves scored a 135-119 blowout of the Chicago Bulls on the road while the San Antonio Spurs proved too strong for the Portland Trail Blazers, winning 118-105.

In Chicago, Anthony Edwards sparked the Timberwolves to a come-from-behind win, scoring 33 points including five three-pointers with eight rebounds and six assists.

Chicago had dominated for long periods, leading the game from early in the first quarter until midway through the fourth.

But Minnesota erupted to devastating effect in the final period, turning the game on its head after outscoring Chicago 45-24 to cruise home.

Six Timberwolves players finished in double figures, with Julius Randle delivering 22 points and Rudy Gobert adding 21 points.

French international Gobert saluted Edwards' decisive contribution.

"Every year his playmaking has got better and better and now this is the year where I feel like he's really able to see what's happening on the floor," Gobert said. 

"It's just on me to get him open or get open myself and finish the play."

Nikola Vucevic led Chicago's scorers with 25 points, with Coby White adding 24.

In San Antonio, eight Spurs players tallied double-digit points totals in a victory over Portland.

San Antonio took to the floor once again without the presence of legendary head coach Gregg Popovich, who was taken ill last weekend with an unspecified health issue.

rcw/pst

Originally published on doc.afp.com, part of the BLOX Digital Content Exchange.

(0 Ratings)
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Partners/afp San Antonio Spurs Minnesota Timberwolves Portland Trail Blazers Milwaukee Bucks Giannis Antetokounmpo Chicago Bulls Damian Lillard Basketball Segments Basketball Men's Team Sports National Basketball Association Seasons Professional Sports Leagues Men's Basketball Sports Men's Basketball Teams National Basketball Association National Basketball Association Teams Seasons In American Basketball Sports Organizations Basketball Teams Sports Clubs And Teams Basketball Competitions Nikola Vučević Seasons In American Sport Bobby Portis
Most Popular
 Articles
Slowly sinking coastal condos warn of Florida’s peril
Officials address a belief that Hawaii buys 1-way trips to Guam for homeless people
Man found sleeping at fast-food drive-thru is charged with DUI
Suspect allegedly takes cellphone, threatens to throw 2 men off roof
Delegate: New Social Security law will benefit Guam retirees
GVB should ‘take the lead’ in finding out how homeless people arrive, says Lujan
19-year-old arrested for allegedly spray-painting graffiti on Toto Gardens homes
Ex-officer asks assault case be dismissed
Public Health: Keep the stomach bug away with proactive measures
GVB calls lack of Japan Guam Travel Council a disadvantage
New Videos
Arrest made in viral video machete attack
GPD still looking into Mangilao hit-and-run
Ginger Cruz discusses her phone call with James Moylan and her outlook for the future
Weekly Online Poll

Poll results are published every Monday in The Guam Daily Post.

With the 38th Guam Legislature now inaugurated, what should be its first priority?
Hospital
Tourism
Crime
Schools
Vote View Results
Business
GRMC welcomes one of 2 gastroenterologists with specialty in liver care

Guam Regional Medical City is excited to announce the addition of Dr. Supannee "Jill' Rassameehiran, a board-certified gastroenterologist, hepatologist and liver transplant specialist, GRMC said in a press release. Rassameehiran is a specialist in treating patients with conditions that affec…

M-80 Systems Inc. Guam acquires Furniture-Kathy Style

M-80 Systems Inc., a leading provider of innovative office furniture solutions, is excited to announce its acquisition of Furniture-Kathy Style, a well-established residential furniture retailer based in Guam, M-80 said in a press release. This strategic acquisition marks a significant expan…

The Guam Women’s Chamber announces 2025 executives

Hagåtña, Guam – The Guam Women’s Chamber of Commerce (GWCC) has announced its board-elected executive officers for 2025. This accomplished team will lead the chamber in advancing its mission to empower women in business through advocacy, mentorship and networking.

Sports
Morrico fuels Guam Volleyball Federation’s journey to the 2025 Pacific Mini Games
Bordallo, Murphy to join the Lindenwood rugby brotherhood and sisterhood
Champion Camelo Chen dishes bagels Down Under
Maila Ta Fan Boka
A Taste of Hansik: Flavors of Korea’s past with an eye toward the future
Beat the burger or bite the dust
'Good food for good people' at Primo Pizzakaya
Happy Chinese New Year from Cool Garden
Squeeze the most out of life at Ignite Juice Bar
Movies
‘The Brutalist’ is an epic tale of American building and belonging
‘A Complete Unknown’ leaves Dylan’s mystery blowing in the wind
‘Red One’ decks the halls with Dwayne Johnson, swole Santa
Technology
Monstrous tech show opening in Las Vegas
Why it is impossible to make a car without China, regardless of proposed Trump tariffs
The latest housing scam: Using artificial intelligence to impersonate agent, lender
Food
Smart shortcuts coax big flavor out of a speedy chickpea noodle soup
How dense bean salads became a protein-packed recipe sensation
This roasted vegetable bibimbap brings balance to every bite
Lifestyle
Oscars 2025: Who's in for supporting actor and actress?
The Doors ushered the Morrison Hotel into rock history, but can that save it?
Someone who tried to love somebody
Sections
Home
News
The Globe
Forum
Sports
Community
Multimedia
Online Features
Local Events
Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Advertising
Subscribe
e-Edition
Promote Your Event
Contact Information
www.PostGuam.com
388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301
Tamuning, Guam 96913
Phone: (671) 649-1924
Email: webmaster@postguam.com

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.postguam.com/news/national/bucks-snap-losing-streak-with-jazz-rout/article_262f1be9-f38e-54a3-b6d8-88f391a2a90b.html 
 ----- 
