Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Duke Basketball Pro Energizes Mavs Past Injury-Riddled Magic
Former Duke basketball center Dereck Lively II delivered another double-double off the bench.
Matt Giles | Nov 4, 2024
Former Duke basketball center Dereck Lively II / Jerome Miron-Imagn Images
In this story:
Duke Blue Devils

The Dallas Mavericks and Orlando Magic boast two Duke basketball products apiece. But Magic centerpiece forward Paolo Banchero is out indefinitely with a torn right oblique, and his fellow frontcourt starter in Orlando, Wendell Carter Jr., played only nine minutes in Sunday night's 108-85 road loss to the Mavericks before exiting with a left foot injury.

ALSO READ: Coach K Shares Enthusiasm About 2024-25 Duke Team

As for Dallas' pair of NBA Blue Devils, starting guard Kyrie Irving and backup big man Dereck Lively II, both integral weapons for last season's Western Conference champs, each played a sizeable role in the Mavericks improving to 4-2 this season via the win over the Magic (3-4).

Irving logged 28 minutes in the contest, tallying 17 points, two rebounds, three assists, two steals, and only one turnover while shooting 5-for-11 from the field, 1-for-2 from three, and 6-for-7 at the charity stripe.

And Lively, just an NBA sophomore and still a few months away from his 21st birthday, required only 20 minutes of action to record his second double-double for the 2024-25 Mavs. The 7-foot-1, 230-pounder, perhaps emerging as an early candidate for NBA Sixth Man of the Year, finished with 11 points, 11 boards, and one dime, shooting 5-for-7 from the field and 1-for-3 at the line.

Dallas hosts the Indiana Pacers (2-4) at 9:45 p.m. ET Monday.

ALSO READ: Duke One-And-Done RJ Barrett on 30-Point Tear in NBA

Stay tuned to Duke Blue Devils On SI for more Duke basketball news.

Published Nov 4, 2024
MATT GILES

Matt Giles is the editor and publisher of Duke Blue Devils on SI, North Carolina Tar Heels on SI, and NC State Wolfpack on SI, making him a key source for comprehensive coverage of these storied college basketball programs. Since joining SI in 2022, Matt has been dedicated to providing in-depth analysis, breaking news, and exclusive content on all three teams. He covers everything from game previews and recaps to player profiles and recruiting updates. Matt's expert knowledge of these teams has made his work a go-to resource for fans and followers of Duke, NC State, and UNC. As publisher, he shapes the editorial direction, ensuring that the most relevant and timely information reaches his audience.

Follow MattGilesBD

Home
/
Basketball
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/college/duke/basketball/duke-basketball-pro-energizes-mavs-past-injury-riddled-magic-11-4-24 
 ----- 
