Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
NCAAM
NCAAW
UFC
Men's NCAA soccer
Women's NCAA soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
F1
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Report
LAZ
0
INT
6
FT
VIEW ALL
English Premier League
Summary
Report
BOU
1
WHU
1
FT
VIEW ALL
Men's NCAA soccer
Conversation
13
MRSH
1
UVM
2
AGT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 International Friendly
MEX
2
FT
USA
0
Raúl Jiménez - 22'César Huerta - 49'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
More
United States falls to Mexico for first time since 2019
0:46
A wake-up call for Pochettino and the USMNT following Mexico loss

USMNT coach Mauricio Pochettino says he and his team need to learn from their mistakes following a 2-0 defeat to Mexico.

ByESPN News Services
Updated: Oct 16, 2024, 05:09 am

Raúl Jiménez scored a goal and assisted on another to lead Mexico to a 2-0 friendly victory over the United States on Tuesday night in Guadalajara, Mexico.

César Huerta also scored for Mexico, which snapped a seven-match winless run (0-5-2) against the United States dating back to 2019 and handed new U.S. manager Mauricio Pochettino his first defeat in his second match in charge.

Mexico's all-time appearances leader, Andrés Guardado, received his 182nd and final cap. The 38-year-old Guadalajara native was subbed out in the 19th minute to an emotional ovation from fans in the city where his pro career began with Atlas.

With several U.S. regulars absent -- including Christian Pulisic, Weston McKennie, Timothy Weah and Folarin Balogun -- the U.S. was outshot 17-5 overall and 5-1 in shots on target. With Pulisic in the fold, the Americans defeated Panama 2-0 in Austin, Texas, on Saturday.

It marked the third time the Americans failed to score this year after a 1-0 friendly defeat vs. Slovenia in January and a 1-0 loss in its final Copa América clash against Uruguay on July 1.

Jiménez was once considered as crucial a contributor to Mexico as Pulisic is for the U.S. However, his 35th international goal Tuesday was the 33-year-old's first for his country in more than a year, after he fell out of favor under previous manager Jaime Lozano.

The opening goal came in the 22nd minute, after the U.S. started promisingly despite failing to test goalkeeper Luis Malagón.

Mexico players celebrate with Andres Guardado as the national team legend leaves the pitch in his final match.
Getty Images

As Antonee Robinson tried to tackle the ball from Mexico's Roberto Alvarado, the United States' Aidan Morris was whistled for a foul a few yards outside the penalty area.

Jiménez struck the ensuing free kick perfectly, bending it over the U.S. defensive wall and into the top-right corner just beyond the dive of goalkeeper Matt Turner.

That began a period of Mexican domination that extended through the remainder of the first half and into the second.

Jiménez was again involved when El Tri secured a deserved second goal in the 49th minute.

U.S. defender Tim Ream recovered well initially to take the ball off Jiménez after he had run onto an excellent diagonal ball. However, as Ream attempted to play out of his own end on the dribble, Jiménez kept chasing and tackled the ball away.

It fell in a good position for Huerta, who dodged the challenge of another U.S. defender and drove a low shot between the diving Turner and the left post.

The U.S. saw its all-time record in games vs. El Tri in Mexico fall to 1-24-4.

Information from Reuters was used in this report.

Game Information
Estadio Akron
2:30 AM, October 16, 2024
Coverage: TNT/Max
Guadalajara, Mexico
Line: MEX -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 43,537
Referees:
Keylor Herrera Villalobos
Sponsored Headlines
Knee Pain? Do This Next (If You Live In Iowa)
RejuvaKnee | Pain-Free Knees
|
Sponsored
Seniors Over 60: Don’t Ignore These 3 Signs of Neuropathy.
Try this 10 Minute Trick tonight!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value Of Your House Instantly (Take a Look)!
Home Value By Address
|
Sponsored
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/719821 
 ----- 
