Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
SOCCER
Mauricio Pochettino era for U.S. men’s soccer begins with win over Panama
U.S. coach Mauricio Pochettino, left, stands next to assistant coach Jesus Perez, right, stand for the national anthem before an international friendly against Panama on Saturday night. (Rodolfo Gonzalez / Associated Press)
By Kevin Baxter
Staff Writer
Follow
Oct. 12, 2024 Updated 9:53 PM PT
Share

AUSTIN, Texas —  Most everything from team meetings to training sessions has been running late during Mauricio Pochettino’s first week in charge of the U.S. national soccer team. So perhaps it should be no surprise that his players needed a little extra time to show up for their coach’s first game Saturday, with Yunus Musah and Ricardo Pepi scoring second-half goals to give the U.S. a 2-0 win over Panama.

Of more importance, however, was how the team played. After kicking off the Pochettino Era with a first half that looked a lot like the Gregg Berhalter one — energetic but sloppy and lacking in creativity — the U.S. was able to do just enough in the second half to get the win.

“We demonstrated we’re going to compete in all phases of the game,” Pochettino said in Spanish. “I’m very satisfied. But there are many places where we can improve.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The U.S. will conclude Pochettino’s first training camp as coach Tuesday when it meets Mexico in Guadalajara.

SOCCER

‘He wants to win.’ How U.S. Soccer landed star coach Mauricio Pochettino

New U.S. soccer coach Mauricio Pochettino has led sharper and more intense workouts ahead of his first match Saturday in Austin.

Oct. 11, 2024

The transformation Pochettino has been tasked with leading will take time. But Saturday was a good start — the win snapped a four-game unbeaten streak, the team’s longest in more than two years. It also gave the Americans just their second victory in eight matches, while the two goals matched their most in a game since March.

That slump, less than two years before the World Cup returns to the U.S., led to Berhalter’s dismissal as coach in July and Pochettino’s hiring in September.

ADVERTISEMENT

Berhalter’s national team coaching debut also came against Panama — a 3-0 win in Glendale, Ariz., in January 2019. His departure was then hastened by a Copa América loss to Panama in June.

Pochettino’s arrival, meanwhile, brings with it great expectations, as evidenced by his contract, reported to be worth $12 million over two years, nearly twice the record for a U.S. coach. And Pochettino, the first national team coach hired from outside the U.S. in 33 years, came with a résumé of success at major clubs in three of Europe’s top leagues.

Whether that will translate to success at the national team level remains to be seen, which is why the Argentine coach said the emphasis in his first training camp would be on introducing the new coaching staff to his team while introducing the team to its preferred playing style.

ADVERTISEMENT
U.S. forward Josh Sargent (24) collides with Panama goalkeeper Orlando Mosquera (22) and defender Cesar Blackman (2) on a corner kick during Saturday’s international friendly. (Rodolfo Gonzalez / Associated Press)

“A few days on the training with the team, it’s amazing the way that they were focused on concentrating to try to follow the plan,” Ponchettino said. “A very professional performance. The basis for, you know, the first step to start to grow and be better.”

Against Panama, Pochettino kept things relatively simple, playing out of the back with defender Tim Ream wearing the captain’s armband and Josh Sargent, playing as the lone striker — although he suffered from a lack of service through most of the opening 45 minutes.

The U.S. was on the front foot from the start, dominating possession early and just missing on a couple of dangerous chances in the opening 11 minutes. But Panama began to catch up as the game wore on, getting the first two shots on goal when Edgar Bárcenas tested U.S. keeper Matt Turner twice, minutes apart, midway through the first half.

Musah broke open the game in the 49th minute at the end of a six-pass sequence in which five players touched the ball.

It started with a long Ream pass from inside the U.S. end to Antonee Robinson on the left wing. Robinson then dribbled up and back along the touchline to create space before pushing the ball toward Christian Pulisic, who worked a give-and-go with Brenden Aaronson that ended with Pulisic sending the ball across the front of the goal to a wide-open Musah. His easy finish gave him his first international goal.

Three minutes later Turner made another pair of sprawling saves seconds apart to protect the lead. Turner also caught a break in the 87th minute when Jose Fajardo got behind the U.S. defense, leaving him with just the keeper to beat, only to push his sliding shot wide of the right post.

Pepi added the exclamation point with an insurance goal four minutes into stoppage time, taking a centering pass from Haji Wright in the middle of the box and beating Panamanian keeper Orlando Mosquera cleanly.

SOCCER

New U.S. men’s soccer coach Mauricio Pochettino shares goals for his first roster
Oct. 2, 2024

“We were really solid on both ends, created some chances, and also kept the ball out of the net,” Turner said. “The understanding was very good and we stayed very compact. So, yeah, it was a good night.

“I don’t want to get way too ahead of ourselves. It’s a building block for the future, because it by no means was perfect.”

Ream agreed.

“Some things to work on. But overall, to come away with two goals, a win, a clean sheet,” he said. “For his first game, we’re pretty heavy comfortable.”

Pochettino was missing seven likely starters — among them midfielder Tyler Adams and forwards Tim Weah, Folarin Balogun and Gio Reyna — from what likely would be his best lineup, so his transformation necessarily remains a work in progress. The U.S. used 17 players, but Weston McKennie never left the bench, with Pochettino saying the midfielder had some minor discomfort. McKennie could play Tuesday in Mexico.

More to Read
Christian Pulisic leads USMNT past Jamaica and into Nations League semifinals
Nov. 19, 2024
Mauricio Pochettino calls up his first U.S. Soccer roster for competitive matches
Nov. 10, 2024
Mauricio Pochettino understands his ‘responsibility’ with World Cup fast approaching
Oct. 15, 2024
Show Comments
SOCCER
Kevin Baxter
X
Email
Bluesky

Kevin Baxter writes about soccer and hockey for the Los Angeles Times. He has covered seven World Cups, five Olympic Games, six World Series and a Super Bowl and has contributed to three Pulitzer Prize-winning series at The Times and Miami Herald. An essay he wrote in fifth grade was voted best in the class. He has a cool dog.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SOCCER

What’s wrong with Manchester City? The unfortunate truth is it might be the coach
1 hour ago

GALAXY

Galaxy have little time to celebrate championship before making 2025 roster changes
Dec. 10, 2024

SOCCER

U.S. women’s soccer team set to face Brazil at SoFi Stadium
Dec. 9, 2024

ANGEL CITY FC

Angel City fires coach Becki Tweed amid reboot of franchise
Dec. 9, 2024
Most Read in Soccer

GALAXY

Galaxy hold off late Red Bulls push to win the MLS Cup
Dec. 7, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
She went to prison in Varsity Blues admissions scandal. Now she says she was a scapegoat
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
A stunning Brutalist concrete home in L.A. rivals its neighbor, the Hollywood sign
Patrick Soon-Shiong’s controversial shakeup at the L.A. Times: ‘Bias meter,’ opinion upheaval and a call for growth
The L.A. Times 2024 holiday gift guide
One of L.A.’s most acclaimed restaurants just returned in a new space with high ambitions
Latest Soccer
Showcasing a homegrown star will be part of AV Alta’s ambitious launch plans
Dec. 9, 2024
Hernández: MLS Cup final lacks star power but sheds light on shift in league
Dec. 7, 2024
The Galaxy are back after beating the Red Bulls for the franchise’s sixth MLS Cup
Dec. 7, 2024
Hernández: MLS deal with Apple TV could be hurting league’s efforts to grow its fan base
Dec. 7, 2024
How Greg Vanney unlocked Galaxy greatness in one of the most stunning MLS turnarounds
Dec. 6, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Bestcovery
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
Wine Club
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Site Map
Copyright © 2024, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/soccer/story/2024-10-12/pochettino-coaching-debut-for-usmnt-panama-win 
 ----- 
