FOOTBALL
Network
My Football
Play Football
Football Australia
MiniRoos
My Account
   
News
Videos
Competitions
Teams
Home
Search
Membership
Shop
Match Preview: Australia v China PR | FIFA World Cup 2026 Qualifier™
Euan James \\ Photo Credit: Aleksandar Jason/Socceroos
Updated: 11:42pm Oct 13, 2024
Australia begin a new era when they take on China PR at Adelaide Oval on Thursday 10 October in another crucial FIFA World Cup 2026™ Third Round Asian Qualifier.
The referenced media source is missing and needs to be re-embedded.


READ MORE: The Socceroos' recent record at Adelaide Oval
READ MORE: How To Watch: Australia vs China PR | FIFA World Cup 2026™ Third Round Qualifier

Tony Popovic, in his first game as head coach, will look to kick-start Australia's campaign against China PR before travelling to face Japan in Saitama five days later. Following a frustrating September window, which saw a 1-0 home loss to Bahrain and a goalless draw in Indonesia, the Socceroos are eager to get back on track.

Come Thursday at Adelaide Oval, Australia will be on the hunt for those all-important three points and will see this match as a prime opportunity, given China PR’s difficult start to the qualifiers. 

China PR arrive in Adelaide on the back of two defeats: a 7-0 loss to Japan and a disappointing collapse against Saudi Arabia, where they surrendered a one-goal and one-man advantage. 
 


China manager Branko Ivanković has been forced into making a number of changes to his squad, with key players like Wu Lei and Alan Carvalho both missing out through injury.

Popovic will also be aware of China’s defensive vulnerabilities, with both Saudi goals conceded from set pieces, something Australia could exploit. Historically - across 'A' Internationals - Australia have the edge over China PR with seven wins from their 13 encounters, with two draws and four wins for China PR. Their most recent clash ended 1-1 in World Cup qualifying in 2021.

This fixture marks the Socceroos' first game in Adelaide since 2017, as they continue their push toward a sixth consecutive FIFA World Cup appearance in 2026, to be held in Canada, Mexico, and the United States.

Popovic has bolstered his coaching staff by adding former Socceroos Paul Okon, Hayden Foxe, and Frank Juric. 

Unfortunately, Massimo Luongo - who recently came out of international retirement - has been ruled out due to an ankle injury, with Luke Brattan (Macarthur FC) stepping in. Connor Metcalfe (FC St Pauli) has also withdrawn due to a leg injury, with Patrick Yazbek (Nashville SC) called up as his replacement.

The squad also features Daniel Arzani and Jason Geria, the latter making his return after eight years. Ajdin Hrustic (Salernitana) re-joins the squad, as does Gianni Stensness, following his ACL recovery. 

Riley McGree, Apostolos Stamatelopoulos, and Jordy Bos, who returns from a hamstring injury, complete the returning Socceroos.

Nishan Velupillay could also make his senior debut, while goalkeeper Paul Izzo is the only other uncapped player in the squad.

FIFA World Rankings

Australia: 25
China: 91

Head-to-Head ('A' Internationals)

Played: 13
Wins: 7
Draws: 2
Losses: 4

Insights
The Socceroos have won all of their last three matches at Adelaide Oval, beating New Zealand 3-0 in 2011, Tajikistan 7-0 in 2016 and Saudi Arabia 3-2 in 2017
No Bundesliga central midfielder has won more duels (46) or aerial duels (27) than Australia’s Jackson Irvine, who is also in the top 90% for interceptions (10), recoveries (36) and possession won in the final 3rd (4)
Lewis Miller is leading five statistics when compared to other Scottish Premier League right backs; successful dribbles (10), fouls won (18), duels won (62), aerial duels won (23) and interceptions (11)
Thomas Deng has had a strong campaign in the J. League for Albirex Niigata, ranking in the top 85% of centre backs for successful passes (1,547), long ball accuracy (47.7%), interceptions (39) and recoveries (97)
New Socceroo Nishan Velupillay is coming off the back of a strong Australia Cup campaign, finishing top for goals scored (5) and successful dribbles (14) and joint-top for goal contribution (7)
Australia form guide: D-L-W-W-W
China form guide: L-L-L-D-W
What They Said
Tony Popovic

"They're 26 players selected because of the quality that they have, that I don't doubt. Each one of them will be able to contribute, individually and collectively, to make a good performance for us. So we really need to make sure that the desire is strong in terms of representing your country. 

"That needs to always be there. I believe that's a non-negotiable. And then we need to improve our football. And if we improve our football, I'm sure that we can put on a really good performance on Thursday. I'm confident.

"... We’re pretty calm about the process, we’ve got a very good group of players here, and I’m very at ease with the decisions that have to be made.

“I don’t want to use that as an excuse (the late arrivals and short time with the players), we feel we have enough time to show the players how we like to play.

“I’m sure the players have seen it and they’re comfortable with it and they’ll show some good signs of that tomorrow night.”

Tony Popovic and Craig Goodwin Pre-Match Press Conference | Australia vs China PR

Craig Goodwin

“I think it’ll be a different kind of game against China to the first two games we played against Bahrain and Indonesia. I think China’s going to come out and try and play a little bit more, or be a little bit more aggressive in that way.

“It sounds cliché, but we have to focus on ourselves, we have to focus on how we want to play. It’s our home game and we have to take the game to them, we have to be aggressive in our play, play at a high tempo and really try and set the tone. I’m confident in the squad that we have and with the coaches that we have that we can do something special.”

Craig Goodwin: Really happy to be playing in Adelaide | Press Conference | Australia v China PR

Riley McGree

"It's good to be back in Adelaide. We've got a strong representation from South Australia. So, very proud. I've watched a game or two [of Socceroos in Adelaide], but never played, so this is definitely up there.

"Pressure is a privilege. Pressure is great and if you can relish the pressure and you can use it to your advantage, then it can only lead to good results. Pressure, for me, on a personal level, is something that happens and there's harder things in life than being a footballer and winning games."

Riley McGree: Pressure is a privilege | Press Conference | Australia vs China PR
Apostolos Stamatelopoulos

"I’m incredibly proud to be here. It’s great to come back home and see family, friends and represent my country at home. Everyone's very focused, very switched on. We definitely want to get three points from this game against China. I’m looking forward to it.

"I think obviously with China being away from home, they're going to sit very deep, try to keep a clean sheet, so for us, it's just about breaking them down and getting that first goal and letting the game open up and going from there."

Apostolos Stamatelopoulos: I always believe I can score | Press Conference | Australia vs China PR
Match Details

Subway Socceroos v China PR
Thursday, 10 October 2024
Adelaide Oval, Adelaide
Kick-off: 7:30 pm ACDT (8:00pm AEDT)
Tickets: Start from $15 Child, $20 Concession, $29 Adult, and $58 Family. Tickets from Ticketek.
Broadcast: 10, 10 Play and Paramount+

What's next?

Japan v Subway Socceroos
Tuesday 15 October 2024 
Saitama Stadium 2002, Tokyo
Kick-off: 7.35pm local (9.35pm AEDT)
Broadcast: Paramount+

LATEST NEWS
VIEW ALL
Football Australia 11 hrs ago
CommBank Young Matildas Assistant Coach Helen Winterburn selected for AIS Gen32 Coach Program
National Futsal Championships Dec 16, 2024
Capital Football Announce National Futsal Championship squads
National Futsal Championships Dec 16, 2024
NSW squads announced for the 2025 National Futsal Championships
Matildas Dec 16, 2024
Matildas Abroad Preview: UWCL Group Stage wraps up before European winter break
Matildas Dec 16, 2024
Matildas Abroad Review: Fowler scores penalty in shock City loss; Gorry assists
VISIT PAGE
This article was originally published on the Subway Socceroos website.
CLOSE 
FOOTBALL
Network
SITEMAP
News
Competitions
Teams
Search
AROUND THE NETWORK
Football Australia
CommBank Matildas
Subway Socceroos
Australia Cup
National Premier Leagues
National Futsal Championships
Play Football
MiniRoos
GET INVOLVED
Play Football
Coaching
Refereeing
Sporting Schools
Privacy Policy
|
Legal Notice
© 2023 Football Australia ABN 28 106 478 068 | All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.myfootball.com.au/news/match-preview-australia-v-china-pr-fifa-world-cup-2026-qualifiertm 
 ----- 
