HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

WORLD FOOTBALL

⁠Ecuador vs Bolivia Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | International Friendlies 2024
Published at :
June 11, 2024 at 6:57 AM
Modified at :
June 11, 2024 at 6:58 AM

Manav Chowdhury

0
0
Both teams suffered a defeat in their last games.

Ecuador will face off against Bolivia in an international friendly match in Subaru Park as both teams are preparing for the upcoming Copa America. Ecuador faced the World Champions Argentina in their first friendly match but they lost 1-0. They are placed in Group B in the Copa America alongside Mexico, Venezuela and Jamaica. This friendly game will be crucial for them to get back the confidence which will be very important in the upcoming tournament.

On the other hand, Bolivia faced a 1-0 defeat to Mexico in their first friendly match. In head-to-head records, Bolivia doesn’t have good numbers and will look to improve when facing Ecuador. Both teams have good players on their side and thus will be an exciting fixture. La Verde are placed in Group C of Copa America alongside USA, Uruguay and Panama.

Kick-Off:

Wednesday, 12 June 2024 at 12:30 AM (GMT), 08:30 AM (EST)

Thursday, 13 June 2024 at 6:00 AM (IST)

Stadium: Subaru Park

Form

Ecuador (All Competitions): L-L-W-D-D

Bolivia (All Competitions): L-W-L-L-W

Players to Watch
Kendry Paez (Ecuador)

Kendry Páez usually plays as an attacking midfielder for Ecuador. He has had varied roles, from playing as a central midfielder in a midfield five to playing as a number ’10’ or as a right flank attacking midfielder.

Some of his best attributes are ball control and dribbling, which support his attacking ability very well. He possesses fantastic close control combined with great footwork, body balance, pace and bravery; which allows him to beat and get past defenders with ease.

Miguel Terceros (Bolivia)

Miguel Terceros likes to have the ball at his feet, dictating the pace of the match and offering assistance in and around the final third. His awareness and mobility make him look effortless on the pitch. As well as being extraordinarily skilful, the youngster also proved to be an extremely intelligent player. He is a player who works hard for his team and will play a crucial role for Bolivia in the upcoming match.

Match Facts
The average number of goals in meetings between Bolivia and Ecuador is 2.2.
La Tri have won only one of their last five fixtures in all competitions.
In the last match, Ecuador beat Bolivia by 2-1.
Ecuador vs Bolivia: Betting Tips and Odds
Tip 1 – Both teams to score
Tip 2 – Jeremy Sarmiento to score any time
Tip 3 – Ecuador will win this match

Ecuador have 1.39 odds in favour of winning the match, 4.10 odds in favour of the match ending in a draw and Bolivia have 7.22 odds in favour of them to win this fixture.

Trending World Football Articles:
Top five most successful English clubs of all-time
Managers with most trophies in football history
Top 10 most valuable teams in MLS 2024
Euro 2024: Start date, end date, telecast & more
Top 10 clubs with most Premier League titles
Injury and Team News

Both teams don’t have any players injured or suspended. All the players will be available for the upcoming match. After this friendly affair, both sides have another friendly each before entering the Copa America event.

Head-to-Head

Matches: 17

Ecuador: 14

Bolivia: 1

Draws: 2

Predicted Lineups
Ecuador Predicted Lineup (4-2-3-1):

Galindez (GK); Preciado, Torres, Pacho, Hincapie; Caicedo, Ortiz; Franco, Paez, Minda; Sarmiento

Bolivia Predicted Lineup (4-2-3-1):

Lampe (GK); Rocha, Quinteros, Sagredo, J.Sagredo; Saucedo, Justiniano; Chavez, Terceros, Vaca; Algaranaz

Match Prediction

Both teams lost their first friendly match and will look to bounce back for sure. This will be an exciting match but Ecuador have more quality players who can make a difference in the game. They are likely to win this fixture.

Prediction: Ecuador 2-1 Bolivia

Telecast

India: N/A

UK: N/A

USA: FOX Sports App, FOX Deportes

Nigeria: N/A

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 81, Chennaiyin FC vs Bengaluru FC
Khalid Jamil shares insights ahead of Jamshedpur FC's 150th milestone match
Oscar Bruzon outlines one issue that held back East Bengal in Hyderabad FC draw in ISL
Juan Pedro Benali reveals why he cheered Parthib Gogoi after the Hyderabad vs NorthEast United game in ISL
EA FC 25 Jude Bellingham LaLiga POTM SBC: Stats, requirements & more
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 C

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-ecuador-vs-bolivia-international-friendlies-match-preview-202406 
 ----- 
