NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Semien is leading off every day for the Rangers, and leading the AL in hits and runs
Associated Press
September 11, 2023 - 9:47am
Texas Rangers' Marcus Semien runs the bases on his solo home run against the Minnesota Twins during the first inning of a baseball game Thursday, Aug. 24, 2023, in Minneapolis. (Bruce Kluckhohn/AP)
5 comments

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Marcus Semien is at the top of the Texas Rangers lineup every game, and always impressing the American League hitting leader who bats right after him.

“Just the consistency,” said Rangers shortstop and No. 2 hitter Corey Seager, who himself has 30 home runs and a league-best .336 batting average. “He doesn't really have bad at-bats.”

Semien just became only the fourth player in the majors this season to twice have a four-hit game that included two homers. Both came in a span of four games ahead of a huge series between AL wild-card contenders that starts Monday night, when the Rangers play in Toronto against the All-Star second baseman's former team.

Going into the opener of that four-game series against the Blue Jays, Semien was among only six players in the majors to appear in every one of his team's games — with Seattle third baseman Eugenio Suárez the only other AL player to do it. Semien was hitting .281 with 24 homers and 87 RBIs while leading the AL with 166 hits and 109 runs scored.

“My swing feels good. I always work to make sure my eyes are looking in the right spots and my swing is in a good place,” Semien said. “When both are good, usually it’s better for me.”

And for the Rangers, who are trying for their first winning season and playoff appearance since 2016.

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-12:81d0550d4941ce1cb4b53ef7 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog

After hitting 45 homers in his only season with the Blue Jays in 2021, Semien signed a $175 million, seven-year contract with Texas. That came at the same time Seager joined the Rangers on a $325 million, 10-year deal.

Semien set a Rangers franchise record Sunday with his AL-best eighth leadoff homer this season. He and Seager went back-to-back on consecutive pitches in the sixth inning of that 9-4 win over Oakland, Semien's other former team.

That was only their sixth victory in a 22-game span that knocked the Rangers (78-64) out of the AL West lead, but got them back within .003 of division foe Seattle (79-64) for the AL's third and final wild-card spot, and only 1 1/2 games behind Toronto (80-63) for the second spot. With 20 games left over the final three weeks of the regular season, they trailed AL West leader Houston by three games.

Both of Semien's homers Sunday, a week before his 33rd birthday, came on the first pitch. So did his leadoff homer off three-time Cy Young Award winner Justin Verlander for the first of his two long balls against the Astros in his four-hit game last Wednesday.

“I just want to get a strike early,” Semien said. “There’s been years past when I was a little bit too patient on the first pitches and I got behind. So just trying to get something I can drive.”

Semien also wants to play every single game. He played all 162 games for the A's in 2019 and the Blue Jays in 2021, and was in 161 last year for Texas. He led the majors in plate appearances each of those seasons, and his 664 lead the way again this year.

“It says a lot about the man. I mean, he’s got the ability to go out there every day,” Texas manager Bruce Bochy said. “It's nice to have, for a manager, when you have guys like that, that you can throw out there every day and they take care of themselves and have the ability to keep that focus and be able to handle the everyday mental and physical grind. ... He's just wiry strong, just doesn’t wear down. He’s just tireless.”

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Series Preview: Plenty at stake as Blue Jays battle Semien, Rangers
Semien leads Rangers past A’s for first consecutive wins this month
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
Adjust Preferences

With your consent we may collect cookies and information to enhance our service, and improve your experience.

Configure
Allow All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/semien-is-leading-off-every-day-for-the-rangers-and-leading-the-al-in-hits-and-runs/ 
 ----- 
