Best Of Toronto
Events
Patio Guide
Neighbourhoods
Contests
Restaurants
Latest News
Places
Videos
Stay in the loop with the blogTO newsletter
I want to receive Contest Alerts, special offers and other news from blogTO’s curated list of promotional partners.
Sign me up for all blogTO newsletters
Contact us or unsubscribe anytime.
Contact Us
Advertise
Jobs
Archives
Newsletters
Masthead
iPhone App
Log in or Sign up

Sign up for a blogTO account to create to-do lists, mark favourites, save articles, upload photos and other special features.

Log in with Facebook
Or log in with email

Don't have an account yet? Sign up

Log in to your account
Forgot password?

We’ll never post to Facebook without your permission. By signing up, I accept the privacy policy and terms of service.

Search
Sports & Play
Adam Laskaris, Offside
Posted on September 11, 2023
Save Post

Why aren't the Toronto Blue Jays selling out in the middle of a hot playoff race?

The Toronto Blue Jays are in the middle of a heated playoff race.

Facing off against the Texas Rangers in a three-game set in Toronto starting tonight, the stakes couldn't be much higher for either side.

Texas is just half a game back of Seattle for the final American League Wild Card spot, and a game-and-a-half back of Toronto.

With only 19 games remaining in Toronto's season — and 20 in Texas' — it's safe to say that the winner of this series could be the difference-maker between who makes the postseason and who doesn't.

But if you merely looked at the number of people in the crowd for Monday night's contest against the Rangers, it'd be hard to find any evidence this set of games could be a make-or-break point for Toronto's season.

Looking at Ticketmaster a few hours before tonight's 7:07 p.m. first pitch, there are thousands upon thousands of seats available throughout the Rogers Centre.

As per Jays fan James G, there's a whole lot of blue — aka, available seats — for tonight's contest, which features Toronto's Chris Bassitt taking the mound against the Rangers' Dane Dunning.

Gonna be a lot of disappointment and chatter about the crowd tonight and the whole series.

It raises the question to me if the rise in attendance was about the dome being the place to be for now back to school young adults and it not being about the baseball. pic.twitter.com/lhYMiZH2Ms

— James G (@james_in_to) September 11, 2023

With tickets priced at just $23 for some upper bowl seats — or $20 for the general admission outfield district — it's a hard argument to say that Toronto's prices are driving fans away, either.

It's not like poor attendance has been a hallmark of the Jays' year — Toronto has averaged 37,492 fans this season, good for the eighth-highest mark in the major leagues and second in the American League East, behind only the New York Yankees, who carry the second-best attendance in baseball.

On the season, Toronto's attendance is 5,181 from last year's totals per night, likely influenced by the new-look renovations made to the Rogers Centre over the offseason.

In the entire MLB, attendance has been up across the board, with 26 of the 30 major league franchises seeing an increase from their 2022 averages.

But as alluded to above, perhaps it's a confluence of factors — the summer buzz coming to an end, families focusing on their back-to-school duties, and maybe even the typical "let's stay in on a Monday night" thought process that's holding the average fan from heading down to the ballpark for tonight's game.

And until enough fans make the call to head down to Rogers Centre to check out the Jays this month, it'll be a topic of discussion about why exactly a team in the midst of a playoff race isn't anywhere close to selling out.

Lead photo by 

Kevin Sousa-USA TODAY Sports

ShareTweetSave this Article
Stay in the loop with the blogTO newsletter
I want to receive Contest Alerts, special offers and other news from blogTO’s curated list of promotional partners.
Sign me up for all blogTO newsletters
Contact us or unsubscribe anytime.
Latest in Sports & Play
Save Post

NHL legend shares memories of 'intense' Toronto Maple Leafs fans at local diner

 
Save Post

Here's why the Toronto Maple Leafs aren't called the Leaves

 
Save Post

Toronto Maple Leafs fans get punched in the face on video during game

 
Save Post

Nobody knows where Toronto Maple Leafs games will be aired next season

 
Save Post

After-dark skate parties kick off in a former Toronto industrial site this week

 
Save Post

Bo Bichette reportedly 'as good as gone' from Toronto Blue Jays

 
Save Post

MLB star took care of 'passed out drunk' ex-Toronto Blue Jays pitcher

 
Save Post

Entertainment complex with bowling and video games opens in Toronto mall

Load More
    
Contact Us
Advertise
Jobs
Newsletters
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Masthead
iPhone App
Election Ad Registry
©2025 ZoomerMedia Limited.
Design by Studio Function
Part of
©2023 | Executive Producer Moses Znaimer
Player is inline
blogTO asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 135 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.blogto.com/sports_play/2023/09/toronto-blue-jays-tickets-playoff-race/ 
 ----- 
