Skip to content
HOME
 
ABOUT
ABOUT THE ROYALS REPORTER
 
CONTACT
 
ROYALS PROSPECT LISTS
2024
 
2023
 
2022
 
2021
 
2020
 
SPECIAL SERIES AND PROJECTS
THE AFRICAN-AMERICAN ROYALS PROJECT
 
THE EASTER ROYALS SERIES
 
THE HALL OF NOT FORGOTTEN
 
ROYALS CITY LIST
 
THE ROYALS WORLD SERIES PROJECT
 
FARM TO FOUNTAINS
THE ROYALS REPORTER
Baseball; Sabermetrics; Kansas City
Bobby Witt, Jr. Makes Royals History…And He Needs to Be Their Priority This Offseason

On Friday night, Bobby Witt, Jr. made Royals history, as he hit his 30th home run of the season, a 423-foot bomb off of the Yankees’ Kenyan Middleton.

The home run made Witt the first 30 HR-30 SB player in Royals franchise history (and consequently the first 30 HR-40 SB player and possibly 30 HR-50 SB player, should he be able to get another stolen base against the Yankees this weekend).

That kind of performance is remarkable, especially considering the players (George Brett, Bo Jackson, Frank White, etc.) who have donned the Royals blue and white since 1969. It’s also a promising sign of Witt’s development since his rookie season, which was solid, but not good enough to finish within the Top-3 in the American League Rookie of the Year voting.

Early on in the season, when Witt was still adjusting, many Royals fans were already remarking that the talented shortstop was another Royals draft pick “bust.” That said, I noticed some promising trends in his PLV rolling charts and figured he’d be due for a turnaround after a slow start in April and May.

Safe to say, that turnaround has indeed happened, and Royals fans couldn’t be happier, especially during this rough “evaluation” season.

Since June, Witt has been hitting .302 while posting a .870 OPS. The former No. 2 overall pick has particularly been scorching after the All-Star break. He is sporting a triple slash of .299/.340/.561 and an OPS of .901 in 294 plate appearances. In addition, he has collected 16 home runs, 49 RBI, and 22 stolen bases as well in the second half.

Even though the Royals are in last place in the AL Central, it’s not out of the question to think that Witt could receive a fair share of MVP votes, especially since he’s been one of the best statistical hitters in baseball this year (with the exception of Ronald Acuna, Jr. over course).

During a down Royals season, Witt has been a bright spot that has motivated loyal Royals fans to come to the ballpark.

While there are some young players who are emerging this year, and could be long-term fixtures in Kansas City, there is no doubt that Witt is indeed the star and face of the franchise, even with Salvador Perez being the “captain” of this year’s squad.

This begs Royals fans to ask this important question:

What’s next for Bobby after the 2023 regular season concludes?

Takeaways From Witt’s PLV Charts

Back in June, I took a look at Witt’s PLV charts and noticed some positive trends emerging with his decisions at the plate as well as his contact and power. It made me hopeful that a surge was coming, and Royals fans ended up seeing precisely that in July and after the All-Star Break.

So let’s take a look at a few of Witt’s PLV charts and see how they compare to what he did in 2022.

First off, let’s take a look at Witt’s strike zone judgment since his plate discipline was an area of Witt’s hitting that many Royals fans and other baseball minds had concerns about after his rookie campaign. After all, he posted a BB/K ratio of 0.22 last season, highlighted by a 21.4% K rate, according to Fangraphs.

This year, the BB/K ratio is slightly higher at 0.33. The walk rate is still kind of low at 5.7% (though it’s a one percent improvement from a year ago). That said, his K rate is down to 17.5% which is a 3.9% improvement from 2022.

Below is a PLV rolling chart comparison of how his strike zone judgment fared last year and this season, which can also explain his slight improvement in his walk and strikeout rates and ratios (scroll right for 2022; left for 2023).

As Royals fans can see in the chart comparison, when Witt was around league average last year, that was cause for celebration. His season average ball/strike correctness hovered around the 25th percentile according to his PLV rolling chart.

This season though, he’s seen his ball/strike correctness trend around the 90th percentile and between the 75th and 90th percentile on a frequent basis. As a result, his ball/strike correctness season average is slightly over the 50th percentile, which is the league average.

That positive growth in strike zone discipline is a big reason why Witt is not just striking out less, but doing more damage at the plate because he’s not chasing as much and putting himself in as many “pitcher-friendly” counts.

Speaking of decisions at the plate, let’s look at how decision value, which measures runs based on swing/take decisions, rolling chart looks this season, and how it compares to his rookie campaign a year ago.

Last year, Witt showed some positive progress after a slow start, but nosedived around the 1250-pitch mark and never really could recover. His season average of runs added per 100 pitches fell around the 10th percentile in 2022.

In 2023, his season average of runs added per 100 pitches is around the 50th percentile and the 1.20 average mark is nearly double his average mark from a year ago as well. Since the 2000-pitch mark, Witt has regularly been above the league average in runs added per 100 pitches and has touched the 90th percentile regularly as well, which is what one wants to see from a high-profile hitter.

Lastly, let’s take a look at his overall hitting performance rolling charts from the past two seasons, which give Royals fans a look at Witt’s decisions at the plate and how they connect with his natural skills (like contact and power).

It’s interesting to see Witt trend differently in his rookie and sophomore seasons.

In 2022, Witt seemed to be on the right track through the 1500-pitch mark but he seemed to plateau at that point and as a result, hovered around league average in runs added per 100 pitches for the remainder of the season. Granted, Witt was a rookie (and probably hit that rookie wall) and also dealt with a minor hamstring injury, so those probably explained the slide around the 1600 pitches and beyond.

This year though, the trend in runs added per 100 pitches has been the opposite. He was around league average up to the 1500-pitch mark and then after he exploded onto the scene and became a hitter who was producing runs added per 100 pitches output well above the 90th percentile for a considerable amount of time.

Witt has not only adjusted to opposing pitchers over the course of the year, but he has actually gotten better with the more pitches he’s seen, based on the rolling chart data.

That’s a good sign that Witt is slowly becoming elite with his decision-making at the plate, which pairs well with his natural contact ability, power, and speed.

Thus, what we’re seeing from Witt this year is an encouraging sign that his performance at the plate is not a fluke, but is only getting better. His rolling xwOBA over the past two years also seems to confirm that.

These positive developments hitting-wise mean the Royals have a bonafide superstar on their hands who has a solid long-term outlook not just on the basepaths and with the glove (which has also seen incredible development), but with the bat as well.

How Do the Royals Handle Witt’s Contract Going Forward?

There’s no doubt that John Sherman, JJ Picollo, and the Royals front office want to keep Witt around long-term.

Not only has he been their top player on a fWAR end (5.6 as of Saturday), but he seems to have the personality and intangibles to handle the attention and pressures that are placed upon a star player, especially in Kansas City.

Fans love Witt. His teammates love him. His coaches love him. The front office loves him. Sherman and the ownership group love him. It’s hard for any person associated with the game to have anything bad to say about Witt.

That said, there’s no question that while Witt loves playing with the Royals right now, he and his dad (who is his agent) know his value and will do whatever they can to ensure that he gets a deal that reflects that and then some.

I do understand that there are some Royals fans and content creators who are upset that the Royals didn’t get a more “team-friendly” deal done last offseason, just before he surged at the plate and in the field this year.

Honestly though, a deal like that was probably not going to happen, even when his value was at its lowest.

Witt was the No. 2 pick in 2019, going only behind Adley Rutschman, who’s been incredible in his own right with Baltimore. He was one of the top prospects in the game in 2021 and prior to 2022, not an easy feat considering he was in the same prospect “class” as Rutschman, Seattle’s Julio Rodriguez, and Atlanta’s Michael Harris II.

A “Wander Franco” or “K’eBryan Harris” style deal was never going to happen simply because of the massive luster of Witt’s name and prospect status.

Then again, that doesn’t matter really. Sherman and Picollo need to at least offer whatever it takes to extend Witt.

The reality is that the Royals will not attract “big-name” free agents when they hit the market. They didn’t during their competitive era from 2013-2017, and it’s unlikely that they will be able to now or even during their next competitive era, whenever that should be (hopefully in a couple of seasons).

The Royals’ sole hope of getting stars in Kansas City requires them to draft or sign them (through the international signing process), develop them, and give them the bag when it’s determined that they are legitimate and can be building blocks for this team on a long-term basis.

Sometimes it doesn’t work. They tried to give big money to Eric Hosmer for example, and he turned them down for San Diego (which ended up being a blessing in disguise considering his struggles with the Padres). They also gave big money to Alex Gordon, but he ended up declining sharply after he earned his massive payday.

That said, it worked with Salvy, who’s been their highest-paid player for the last couple of seasons after signing a big deal prior to 2021 and has been productive at the plate and a primary leader in the clubhouse for this young squad.

Right now, Witt is a building block who seems to like Kansas City and the Royals organization more than Hosmer and is young enough to where he won’t see the slide that we saw from Gordo.

Can the Royals financially make that commitment now?

Right now, it appears so on a payroll end.

Below is a look at the guaranteed deals they have on their payroll until 2027.

Salvy’s deal remains on the books until at least 2025. However, Greinke and Duffy come off the books this offseason, and Brentz’s is pretty minuscule in the grand scheme of things. Jordan Lyles still has one more year left, but at $8.5 million, it’s not a huge strain or roadblock to the Royals when it comes to signing a major deal.

Let’s look at those arbitration-eligible and in the pre-arbitration status of their contracts as well.

In terms of arbitration-eligible players, there are a lot of non-tender candidates from that group, which should free up more payroll. Brad Keller is a free agent and won’t be back. Taylor Clarke, Taylor Hearn, and Josh Taylor may be gone after underwhelming seasons. Josh Staumont has a major injury and may call it a career. And while Brady Singer and Kris Bubic have shown flashes of potential, it’s likely that they could be trade candidates this offseason.

When it comes to those Royals who haven’t reached arbitration yet, Edward Olivares will be arb-eligible this offseason and will be a peculiar case considering his defensive limitations. Maikel Garcia could be an extension candidate but he needs to prove that he can hit for more power next year. And while MJ Melendez, Nick Pratto, and Vinnie Pasquantino could be long-term contract candidates, they will need another year to prove that they can be building blocks after disappointing seasons.

Therefore, the Royals do not need to be saving money for another “possible star” on the roster as of now. The only one who deserves a big long-term deal is Witt and Witt alone.

This means that Picollo and Sherman should throw whatever years and dollars it takes this winter to keep him in Kansas City until at least his age-30 season.

What does that contract look like? I’m not sure, though I will share some thoughts this offseason, and I know plenty of other Royals content creators have their thoughts too.

But Bobby Baseball is legit.

And the path to turning the Royals around into a winner again begins with him.

Pay the man his money.

Photo Credit: Ed Zurga/Getty Images

Share this:
TwitterFacebookRedditBluesky
Like this:
Loading...

Four Royals Hitters to Remain Optimistic About, Based on Early Steamer Projections
November 24, 2023
In "SaberRoyals"

The Three Biggest Stories in the Royals-Yankees ALDS
October 3, 2024
In "Royals Recap"

Maikel Garcia Complicates the Royals’ Situation With Bobby Witt, Jr. (In Good and Bad Ways)
January 29, 2023
In "SaberRoyals"

SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 KEVIN O'BRIENROYALS STOVE2023, ALEX GORDON, BOBBY WITT, BOBBY WITT JR, CONTRACT EXTENSION, ERIC HOSMER, FANGRAPHS, JJ PICOLLO, JOHN SHERMAN, KANSAS CITY ROYALS, NEW YORK YANKEES, PITCHER LIST, PLV, SABERMETRICS, SALVADOR PEREZ, STATCAST
12 thoughts on “Bobby Witt, Jr. Makes Royals History…And He Needs to Be Their Priority This Offseason”
tlpjpsec
October 1, 2023 at 7:23 am Reply

Mr. O’B. I believe the team’s only shot at getting a new stadium is if they can get Witt locked down long=term. Do you agree?

Loading...
Kevin O'Brien
October 1, 2023 at 8:24 am Reply

I agree to a point. I think Sherman and JJ locking down Witt long term shows at least a committment to winning and keeping their stars, which has been something that has dogged the organization in the post Kauffman era. I don’t think it’s the only shot though, as I think improvement in ’24 overall will be the main catalyst. That is a big reason why I think they’re pushing the vote down a bit to build some momentum this offseason and make a big splash in a couple of ways, whether it’s an extension, trade or free agent signing or two.

Loading...
Reviewing My Royals 2023 Predictions (Part 1) – The Royals Reporter
October 2, 2023 at 9:43 pm Reply

[…] Royals fans know about the offensive numbers, including the 30 home runs, 11 triples, and 49 stolen bases. However, he also showed tremendous strides with the glove at shortstop this season (along with the infielders as a whole group), which boosted his fWAR to 5.7 this year. That is 3.4 points higher than his fWAR during his rookie season, which shows that Witt took the necessary leaps in 2023 to be a star player worth building around (and most importantly, trying to keep long-term). […]

Loading...
皇家传闻 - 2023 年 10 月 3 日新闻 - Mandarinian
October 3, 2023 at 12:15 pm Reply

[…] 皇家记者的凯文·奥布莱恩写道 与小博比·维特签订一份长期合同应该是首要任务。 […]

Loading...
Royals Rumbles - 2023 年 10 月 3 日のニュース - Nipponese
October 3, 2023 at 2:45 pm Reply

[…] […]

Loading...
Royals Rumblings – News for October 3, 2023 - Balance Sportscast
October 4, 2023 at 1:06 am Reply

[…] Kevin O’Brien at Royals Reporter writes that signing Bobby Witt Jr. to a long-term deal should be the top priority. […]

Loading...
Reviewing My Royals 2023 Predictions (Part 2) – The Royals Reporter
October 4, 2023 at 8:27 pm Reply

[…] If he can build upon this solid second half right out of the gate next season, it’s possible that Melendez could end up being a building block in Kansas City after the 2024 season, along with Bobby Witt, Jr. […]

Loading...
The Diamondbacks Should Be A Model for the Royals’ Rebuild – The Royals Reporter
October 16, 2023 at 9:09 pm Reply

[…] The Diamondbacks’ “franchise player” appears to be Corbin Carroll, a 2019 first-round pick who hit 25 home runs, stole 54 bases, and produced a 6.0 fWAR campaign this year. The Royals are led by Bobby Witt, Jr., another 2019 first-round pick who hit 30 home runs, stole 49 bases, and produced a 5.7 fWAR season. Both players are 23 years old, though Carroll did sign a long-term extension this past offseason, something the Royals are hoping to accomplish this year with Witt. […]

Loading...
Four Royals Hitters to Remain Optimistic About, Based on Early Steamer Projections – The Royals Reporter
November 24, 2023 at 8:47 pm Reply

[…] it’s not a surprise that the Royals are “discussing” a possible long-term extension for Witt in order to keep him in Kansas City as long as […]

Loading...
Three Developments to Watch From the Royals at the Winter Meetings – The Royals Reporter
December 3, 2023 at 2:13 pm Reply

[…] However, if the Royals can agree to some kind of long-term extension with Witt, that would be better and give more hope for Royals fans about the future of the organization than simply signing a mediocre free-agent pitcher who’s probably on the decline, much like Mike Minor and Jordan Lyles. […]

Loading...
Royals Make Their Choice in Wacha; Was It the Best Option? – The Royals Reporter
December 20, 2023 at 11:08 am Reply

[…] At the end of the day though, I think Luzardo would’ve been a tremendously risky move, and I’m not sure Royals fans would’ve ever forgiven Picollo for giving away Vinnie Pasquantino, even for a budding ace. Vinnie was such a fan favorite and had such a good rookie season in 2022 that I think it would’ve been tough to see him part, especially with the Royals needing to iron out their specific young core to build around with Bobby Witt, Jr. the obvious centerpiece. […]

Loading...
“Reporter Jottings”: Royals Avoid Arbitration; Yankees Sign Stroman; Chat with Chandler Champlain; – The Royals Reporter
January 12, 2024 at 10:33 am Reply

[…] Will it be another left-handed bat off the bench? Will it be another reliever? Will it be an extension to Bobby Witt, Jr., who’s been identified as one of the Royals’ main priorities this offseason after a break…? […]

Loading...
Leave a Reply
Post navigation
PREVIOUS POST
Nick Pratto Presents a Difficult Fit for the Royals Next Year
NEXT POST
Reviewing My Royals 2023 Predictions (Part 1)
FOLLOW THE ROYALS REPORTER VIA EMAIL

Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

FOLLOW

Join 137 other subscribers
AUTHORS
 Kevin O'Brien
“Reporter Jottings”: Royals Claim Shewmake; No Arbitration Cases; And Arenado to KC Back On?
Royals Bring Back Lorenzen; What Does He Offer? (And Which Pitchers Are Affected?)
Cavan Biggio and Understanding the Royals’ Minor League Signings So Far
Four Affordable Outfield Free Agents Who Could Make Sense for the Royals
My Favorite Royals Articles From 2024
ROYALS REPORTER ON TWITTER
My Tweets
BASEBALL RESOURCES
Baseball Prospectus
Baseball Reference
Baseball Savant
Fangraphs
Internet Baseball Writers Association of America
Michael Sunderland-The Dugout
MLB Official Web Site
MLB Trade Rumors
Pitcher List
Prospects Live
Reddit Baseball
Society for American Baseball Research
ROYALS BLOGROLL
Bleeding Royal Blue
Clubhouse Conversation
Farm to Fountains
Inside the Crown
Inside the Royals
Into the Fountains
Kansas City Royals Cot's Contracts
Kansas City Royals Minor League Affiliates
Kansas City Royals Official Page
KC Chase To The Pennant Podcast
KC Royals Reddit
KC Star Royals Page
Kings of Kauffman
Locked on Royals Podcast
Powder Blue Nostalgia
Royals Farm Report
Royals Review
Royals Rundown
Royals Weekly
The Athletic Royals Page
U.L.'s Toothpick
Search for:
ARCHIVES
January 2025 (4)
December 2024 (13)
November 2024 (13)
October 2024 (13)
September 2024 (13)
August 2024 (10)
July 2024 (16)
June 2024 (13)
May 2024 (10)
April 2024 (14)
March 2024 (9)
February 2024 (12)
January 2024 (14)
December 2023 (12)
November 2023 (9)
October 2023 (11)
September 2023 (10)
August 2023 (1)
July 2023 (18)
June 2023 (14)
May 2023 (14)
April 2023 (17)
March 2023 (13)
February 2023 (13)
January 2023 (18)
December 2022 (18)
November 2022 (11)
October 2022 (14)
September 2022 (13)
August 2022 (12)
July 2022 (16)
June 2022 (13)
May 2022 (13)
April 2022 (14)
March 2022 (18)
February 2022 (13)
January 2022 (14)
December 2021 (16)
November 2021 (16)
October 2021 (18)
September 2021 (16)
August 2021 (13)
July 2021 (14)
June 2021 (17)
May 2021 (14)
April 2021 (17)
March 2021 (17)
February 2021 (19)
January 2021 (16)
December 2020 (24)
November 2020 (16)
October 2020 (17)
September 2020 (16)
August 2020 (20)
July 2020 (17)
June 2020 (17)
May 2020 (20)
April 2020 (22)
March 2020 (25)
February 2020 (16)
January 2020 (12)
December 2019 (1)
November 2019 (4)
October 2019 (12)
September 2019 (12)
August 2019 (1)
June 2019 (18)
May 2019 (8)
July 2018 (12)
June 2018 (3)
CATEGORIES
Always Royal (160)
Minor Royals (104)
Royals Central (50)
Royals City (15)
Royals Recap (123)
Royals Stove (213)
SaberRoyals (294)
TAGS
20 in 20 21 in 21 25-Man Roster 26-Man Roster 28 Man Roster 40-Man Roster 80s 100th Post 300th Post 1969 1970s 1971 1975 1977 1978 1980 1980 World Series 1980s 1981 1981 Strike 1982 1984 ALCS 1985 1985 World Series 1986 1989 1989 All-Star Game 1994 1998 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 MLB Draft 2005 2006 2006 MLB Draft 2007 2009 2009 MLB Draft 2010 2010s 2011 2012 2013 2014 2014 World Series 2015 2015 Postseason 2015 World Series 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2023 MLB Draft 2024 2025 2924 20224 Aaron Bummer Aaron Civale Aaron Crow Aaron Judge Abraham Almonte Adalberto Mondesi Adam Eaton Adam Frazier Adbert Alzolay Adolis Garcia Adrian Alcantara Advanced Stats African-Americans African American Royals Project AJ Block AJ Hinch AJ Puk Akil Baddoo AL Al Avila Albert Abreu AL Central Alcides Escobar ALCS ALDS Alec Bohm Alec Lewis Alec Marsh Alec Zumwalt Alek Thomas Alex Anthoupolos Alex Fast Alex Gordon Alex Kirilloff Alex Rodriguez Allan de San Miguel Allard Baird All Star Break All Star Game AL MVP Alternate Site Always Royal AL West AL Wild Card American Association American League Amir Garrett Amos Otis Analytics Anderson Miller Andrelton Simmons Andres Gimenez Andres Sotillet Andrew Benintendi Andrew Hoffmann Andrew Miller Andy McCullough Angel Berroa Angel Zerpa Anne Rogers Announcing Anthony Misiewicz Anthony Swarzak Anthony Topa Anthony Veneziano Appalachian League Appreciating the Royals April Arbitration Arcade Ari Adut Arizona Arizona Diamondbacks Arizona Fall League Arizona Rookie League Arjun Nimmala Arodys Vizcaino Aroldis Chapman Arrowhead Stadium Art Asa Lacy Ashe Russell Atlanta Braves Attendance Auburn Tigers August Austin Adams Austin Charles Austin Cox Austin Lambright Austin Nola Australia Australia Baseball League BABIP Ballpark Baltimore Orioles Bambino Curse Bar Barry Bonds Bars Bartle Hall Baseball Baseball America Baseball Prospectus Baseball Reference Baseball Savant Baseball Simulation Baserunning Batted Ball Batting Order BBQ BBWAA Beat of KC Beat Writers Beck Way Beer Behind the Seams Bench Ben Hernandez Ben Kudrna Ben Zobrist Big 12 Big 12 Championship Big Slick Billy Beane Billy Butler Billy Hamilton Biography Black Lives Matter Blake Mitchell Blake Snell Blake Wolters Blogging Blogs Bobby Dalbec Bobby Witt Bobby Witt Jr Bob Castellini Bob Kendrick Bob Lemon Bob Nightengale Bo Jackson Bold Predicitons Boston Red Sox Boulevard Beer Bounce Back Brad Brach Braden Shewmake Braden Shipley Brad Keller Brad Miller Brad Peacock Brady McConnell Brady Singer Brandon Belt Brandon Finnegan Brandon Marklund Brandon Maurer Brandon Moss Brandon Woodruff Breit's Brennon McNair Brent Rooker Bret Saberhagen Brett Phillips Brewer Hicklen Brian Bannister Brian Bridges Brian Goodwin Brian Sweeney Broadcasts Brooks Kriske Brooks Raley Bruce Bochy Bruce Chen Bruce Sherman Bryan De La Cruz Bubba Starling Bubba Thompson Buck O'Neil Buddy Bell Buffalo Bisons Bullpen Burch Smith Burlington Royals Busch Stadium Buster Posey Byron Buxton Cactus League Cactus Royals Cal Eldred Callup Cal Quantrill Cal Raleigh Cam DeVanney Cam Gallagher Candidates Carlos Beltran Carlos Carrasco Carlos Correa Carlos Hernandez Carlos Rodon Carlos Sanabria Carlos Santana Carson Roccaforte Carter Jensen Casey Mize Catcher Catchers Cavan Biggio Cayden Wallace CBA Cedric Tallis Celina Tio Center Field Cesar Hernandez Chaim Bloom Chance Adams Chandler Camplain Chandler Champlain Change Changes Charlie Neuweiler Chase Vallot Cheating Scandal Cheslor Cuthbert Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Chickie's and Pete's Chien-Ming Wang Chris Antonetti Chris Getz Chris Hudgins Chris Owings Chris Sale Chris Stratton Christian Chamberlain Christian Colon Christian Yelich Christmas Chris Young Cincinnati Cincinnati Reds Cities CJ Alexander Clark Hunt Classic Royals Clay Dungan Clayton Kershaw Clayton McCullough Cleveland Cleveland Guardians Cleveland Indians Closer Clutch Coaches Coaching Staff Codify Cody Bellinger Cody Poteet Coleman Picard Cole Ragans Colin Selby College Baseball College Basketball Collin Houck Collin McHugh Collin Snider Colorado Rockies Colten Brewer Colt Keith Colton Becker Columbia Columbia Fireflies Comerica Park Concessions Connor Oliver Contact Rates Contract Extension Cooperstown Corbin Burnes Corbin Carroll Corey Cousin Jr Corey Kluber Corey Seager Coronavirus Cory Kluber Cotracts Crab Fries Craig Mish Crossroads CSW Cuba Cuisine Culture Cutter Cy Young Dairon Blanco Dallas Damon Hollins Dan Altavilla Dane Burns Daniel Guerrero Daniel Lynch Daniel Mengden Daniel Norris Daniel Tillo Daniel Vazquez Danny Duffy Danny Mendick Danny Ontiveros Dan Quisenberry Darrell May Darryl Collins Data Daulton Varsho Dave Eiland David Dahl David DeJesus David Glass David Ross David Sandlin David Shields Day 1 Day 2 Day 3 Day Game Dayton Moore Debut December Defense Deivis Nadal Demotion Dennis Leonard Denny Matthews Depth Charts Depth Charts Projections Derek Dietrich Derek Norris Derlin Figueroa Designated Hitter Des Moines Detroit Detroit Tigers Devin Mann Devin Williams DFA Dick Drago Dick Howser Diego Castillo Diego Hernandez Dinelson Lamet Diversity Dollar Dog Night Domingo Tapia Dominican Republic Dominican Summer League Donovan Lasalle Down on the Farm Downtown Draft Guide Drew Parrish Drew Saylor Drew Waters Drink Driveline Drop the Ball DRS DUI Dustin Dickerson Dusty Wathan Dylan Carlson Dylan Cease Dylan Coleman Dylan Crews Dynasty Easter Economics Eddie Rosario Edinson Volquez Edward Olivares Eloy Jimenez Emerson Hancock Emmanuel Clase Emmanuel Reyes Emmanuel Rivera Enrique Bradfield Enrique Bradfield Jr Enyel De Los Santos Eric Cerantola Eric Hosmer Erick Fedde Erick Mejia Erick Pena Eric Skoglund Ervin Santana Esteury Ruiz Evan Sisk Ewing Kauffman Experience Extension Fan Fan Experience Fan Experience Index Fangraphs Fans Fansided Fantasy Fantasy Baseball Fantrax Farm System Farm to Fountains Fastball Felix Martinez Fernando Tatis Jr Festivus Fielding Firing First Basemen First Friday First Half First Round Florida Gators Food Forbes Former Royals Forums Foster Griffin Fox Sports KC Framing Franchy Cordero Francisco Lindor Francisco Mejia Frankie Montas Frank Mozzicato Frank White Franmil Reyes Freddie Freeman Freddy Fermin Free Agency Front Office Future Futures Game Gabe Cancel Gabe Speier Game 1 Game 6 Game Recap Games Project Garett Crochet Garrett Crochet Garrett Hampson Garrett Whitlock Gary Sanchez Gavin Cross General Manager Gene Watson George Brett George Floyd Geraldo Perdomo Gerrit Cole Giancarlo Stanton GIF Breakdown Glenn Sparkman GM Meetings Gold Glove Gordos Golden Ale Grades Graig Nettles Grant Gavin Grapefruit League Great America Ballpark Greg Holland Gregory Polanco Gregory Soto Griffin Canning Guaranteed Rate Field Gunnar Henderon Hall of Fame Hal McRae Hanser Alberto Happy Hour Harold Ramirez Harrison Bader Hats Hayden Dunhurst Heath Fillmyer Heatmaps Hector Neris Henry Williams Here's the Pitch Herk Robinson Hideo Nomo High School High School Baseball Hiroshima Carp Hiro Wyatt Hispanic Heritage History Hitters Hitting Hitting Coach Holidays Homer Bailey Home Run Derby Home Runs Homestand Hot Corner Hot Dogs Hot Seat Hot Stove Houston Astros Humberto Arteaga Humor Hunter Dozier Hunter Greene Hunter Harvey Hunter Owen Hunter Patterson Hunter Renfroe I-70 Series Ian Kennedy IBWAA Idaho Falls Chukars Illinois Infield Infielders Injuries Inside the Crown International Signing Period Iowa Cubs Italy Ivan Castillo Jac Caglianone Jace Jung Jack Flaherty Jackie Bradley Jackie Robinson Jack Pineda Jackson County Jackson Kowar Jackson Reetz Jacob Barnes Jacob Condra-Bogan Jacob deGrom Jacob Gonzalez Jacob Wallace Jacob Widener Jacob Wilson Jacoby Jones Jake Brentz Jake Burger Jake Diekman Jake Eisenberg Jake Kalish Jake McCarthy Jake Means Jake Newberry Jakob Junis James MaCarthur James McArthur Jameson Taillon James Outman James Shields Japan Jared Dickey Jarred Kelenic Jarren Duran Jarrod Dyson Jason Adam Jason Foley Jason Kander Jason Simontacchi Jaswel De Los Sanots Javier Baez Javier Vaz Javy Guerra Jazz Chisholm Jr Jeff Kent Jeff Luhnow Jeffrey Flanagan Jeff Suppan Jeimer Candelario Jeison Guzman Jeremy Guthrie Jeremy Jeffress Jermaine Dye Jermaine Palacios Jerry Dipoto Jerry Reinsdorf Jesse Hahn Jesus Luzardo Jesus Sanchez Jhoan Duran Ji-Man Choi Jim Cuthbert Jim Frey Jim Leyland Jimmy Govern JJ Picollo Joakim Soria Joc Pederson Joe Dillon Joe Espada Joe Gray Jr Joel Goldberg Joel Payamps Joe Maddon Joe Randa Joe Ross Joey Votto Joey Wiemer Johan Camargo John Lamb John Mayberry John McMillon Johnny Cueto Johnny Damon John Rave John Schneider John Schreiber John Schuerholz John Sherman John Smoltz Jonah Dipoto Jonathan Bowlan Jonathan India Jonathan Sanchez Jonathan Schoop Jon Gray Jon Heasley Jordan Groshans Jordan Lyles Jorge Bonifacio Jorge Lopez Jorge Polanco Jorge Soler Jose Abreu Jose Alguacil Jose Altuve Jose Cuas Jose Offerman Jose Ramirez Jose Siri Jose Urena Jose Urquidy Josh Bell Josh Donaldson Josh Dye Josh Mitchell Josh Naylor Josh Rojas Josh Staumont Josh Taylor Journalism Juan Soto Julio Rodriguez Julio Teheran July June Junior Fernandez Junior Marin Jurickson Profar Just Baseball Justin Crawford Justin Turner Justin Verlander Kaito Yuki Kale Emshoff Kansas Kansas City Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Monarchs Kansas City Royals Kansas City Royals History Kansas City Star Kansas Jayhawks Kasey Kalich Kauffman Stadium KCK KC Kingdom KCMO KC Star KC Streetcar Keepers Keith Law Kelvin Gutierrez Kelvin Herrera Kendrys Morales Kenny Williams Ken Rosenthal Kenta Maeda Ken Waldichuk Ken Williams Keoni DeRenne Keston Hiura Kev and Cristian Chase The Pennant Kevin Appier Kevin Kiermaier Kevin McCarthy Kevin Pillar Khalil Lee Khris Davis Kim Ng Kole Emshoff Korea Kris Bubic Kumar Rocker Kyle Boddy Kyle Davies Kyle DeGroat Kyle Gibson Kyle Isbel Kyle Manzardo Kyle Schwarber Kyle Teel Kyle Tucker Kyle Wright Kyle Zimmer Lance Lynn Lane Thomas Larry Carter Larry Gura Las Vegas Latin America Latino LCs BBQ Leadoff Letter Levi Usher Lexi Lexington Legends LGBTQ Liam Hendriks LIDOM Lincoln High School Lineup Lineups Lockout Logan Martin Logan Porter Lonnie Goldberg Lorenzo Cain Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Los Angeles Raiders Losing Loss Lottery Louisiana Lafayette Lourdes Gurriel Jr Lucas Duda Lucas Erceg Lucas Giolito Luca Tresh Lucius Fox Luinder Avila Luis Arraez Luis Castillo Luis Cessa Luis De Avila Luis Robert Luke Hochevar Luke Weaver Lynn Worthy Mack Anglin Mac Suzuki Madison Bumgarner Maikel Franco Maikel Garcia Major League Manager Managers Manuel Margot Marcell Ozuna Marcus Semien Marcus Stroman Mark DeRosa Mark Shapiro Martin Maldonado Martin Perez Marwin Gonzalez Mason Barnett Mason Miller Masyn Winn Matt Beaty Matt Boyd Matt Duffy Matt Harvey Matt Manning Matt Peacock Matt Quatraro Matt Reynolds Matt Sauer Matt Shaw Matt Shoemaker Matt Strahm Max Castillo Max Fried Max Scherzer May Meibrys Viloria Memoir Memphis Tigers Miami Marlins Michael Ajeto Michael Brantley Michael Conforto Michael Gigliotti Michael Harris II Michael Kopech Michael Lorenzen Michael Massey Michael Taylor Michael Wacha Michigan Middle Infielders Midwest Miguel Cabrera Miguel Sano Mike Brosseau Mike Clevinger Mike Foltynewicz Mike Hazen Mike Matheny Mike Mayers Mike Minor Mike Montgomery Mike Moustakas Mike Shildt Mike Sweeney Mike Tosar Mike Zunino Miller Park Milwaukee Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins Minor League Baseball Minor Leagues Minor Royals Missouri Mitch Stetter Mizzou Tigers MJ Melendez MLB MLB Draft MLBPA MLB Team Values MLB The Show Monarch Monday Moneyball Mookie Betts Movie Municipal Stadium MVP Baseball 2005 Nate Eaton Nathan Webb National League Ned Yost Negro League Baseball Museum Negro Leagues Nelson Cruz Nelson Velazquez New Manager New Mexico State New Ownership Newsletter New Year New York Mets New York Yankees NFL Nick Anderson Nick Dini Nick Gonzales Nick Heath Nick Krall Nick Loftin Nick Markakis Nicknames Nick Pollack Nick Pratto Nick Wittgren Nicky Lopez Niko Goodrum NL Central Noah Barber Noah Cameron Noah Murdock Noah Watson Noble Meyer Nolan Arenado Nolan Jones Nolan Watson Nomar Mazara Non-Roster Invitees Non-Tender Deadline Non-Tendered Nori Aoki Northwest Arkansas Naturals Notre Dame November OAA Oakland Athletics Oakland Coliseum October Offensive MVP Offseason Oklahoma Sooners Omaha Storm Chasers Omar Hernandez Omar Infante Opener Opening Day Option Oracle Park Oscar Hernandez Outfield Outfielders Out of the Park Baseball Owners Ownership Ozzie Guillen Pablo Lopez Pacific Coast League Parker Dunshee Parker Meadows Park Factors Patrick Mahomes Patrick Sandoval Paul DeJong Paul Dolan Paul Gibson Paul Goldschmidt Paul Hoover Payroll PECOTA Projections Pedro Avila Pedro Grifol Peter Bendix Peyton Wilson Philadelphia Philadelphia Phillies Phil Nevin Pinball Pine Tar Incident Pioneer League Pitch Pitch Arsenal Pitcher Pitcher List Pitchers Pitching Pitching Coach Pitchtype Cards Pitch Types Pittsburgh Pirates Pizza Plate Discipline Platoon Splits Player Cards Player Development Player Strike Playing Pepper Playoffs Plaza Protests PLV Podcast Pop Culture Positive Test Postseason Power and Light Power Rankings Predictions Press Conference Preview Process+ Projections Prospect List Prospects Prospects Live Puerto Rico Quad Cities Quad Cities Bandits Quinton Lucas Radio Rafael Devers Ramon Torres Randal Grichuk Randy Arozarena Randy Dobnak Randy Rosario Ranger Suarez Rankings Rauh Report Raul Ibanez Rebuild Record Reddit Relief Relievers Reporter Jottings Reporter Prospect Corner Reporter Recap Restaurants Retirement Retro Royals Review Rex Hudler Rhett Lowder Richard Lovelady Rick Hahn Rick Renteria Riffs Riley Greene RISP Rivalry River Town Road Trip Robbie Glendinning Robbie Grossman Robert Garcia Robert Hassell Roberto Clemente Roberto Hernandez Robert Stephenson Robin Ventura Robin Yount Rob Manfred Rocco Baldelli Rodolfo Duran Roel Ramirez Roger Clemens Ronal Ronald Bolanos Ron Gardenhire Roni Cabrera Rookie Debut Rosedale BBQ Rosell Herrera Roster Rotation Royals Academy Royals Central Royals City Royals FanFest Royals Fans Royals Farm Report Royals Hall of Fame Royals Hall of Not Forgotten Royals Rally Royals Recap Royals Review Royals Rule 5 Radar Royals Rundown Royals Stadium Royals Stove Royals World Series Royalty Awards Rudy Martin Rule 5 Draft Rule Changes Runner Runs Run Values Rustin Dodd Rusty Kuntz Ryan Fitzgerald Ryan Goins Ryan Helsley Ryan Lefebvre Ryan McBroom Ryan O'Hearn Ryan Webb Ryan Weiss Ryan Yarbrough Sabermetrics SaberRoyals SABR Salvador Perez Samad Taylor Sam Long Sam McWilliams Samuel Valerio San Diego Padres Sandy Alomar Sandy Leon San Francisco Giants Saul Garza Scott Barlow Scott Blewett Scott Boras Scott Harris Scott Sharp Scouting Scrimmage Sean Manaea Sean Murphy Season Preview Season Tickets Seattle Mariners Sebastian Rivero Second Base Second Half Seiya Suzuki September Seth Lugo Seuly Matias Shane Bieber Shane Panzini Shea Langeliers Shervyen Newton Shift Shohei Ohtani Shortstop Silver Slugger Sleepers Slugerrr Small Markets Social Distancing Social Justice South Atlantic League South Korea South Side Sox Southside Sox Southwest Boulevard Spencer Nivens Spencer Strider Spencer Torkelson Spencer Turnbull Sporting KC Sports Spotrac Spring Breakout Spring Training Sprint Center St. Louis St. Louis-Style Pizza St. Louis Cardinals St. Louis Post-Dispatch Stadium Starting Pitchers Statcast Steamer Stephen Vogt Stephen Woods Steve Busby Steven Cruz Steven Zobac Steve Physioc StickTalk Stolen Bases Stone Russell Strat-O-Matic Baseball Strawberry Hill Strikeouts Summer Summer Camp Surprise Arizona Swing Taik Skubal Tailgating Taiwan Tampa Bay Rays Tanner Bibbee Tanner Scott Tapcade Target Field Tarik Skubal Taylor Clarke Taylor Hearn Taylor Ward TCU Horned Frogs Team USA Terrance Gore Terry Bradshaw Terry Francona Texas Texas A&M Aggies Texas League Texas Longhorns Texas Rangers Texas Tech Red Raiders Thanksgiving The Athletic The Belfry The Hardball Times Third Base Thomas Burrows Thomas Nestico Thom Brennamen Three Stars Tickets Tier Five Tier One Tier Two Tigres de Licey Tim Anderson Tim Hill Tim Lincecum TJ Sikkema TJ Stats Tom Goodwin Tommy La Stella Tommy Pham Tommy Troy Tony La Russa Tony Muser Tony Pena Top 10 Top 30 Top 40 Top 50 Tornado Toronto Blue Jays Trade Trade Deadline Transactions Travel Travis Shaw Tread Trea Turner Trevor Bauer Trevor Cahill Trevor Rosenthal Trevor Story Trevor Werner Trey Hillman Triple-A Triple-A East Trison McKenzie Tropicana Field Truman Sports Complex Tucker Bradley Tucker Davidson Twitter Tyler Cropley Tyler Duffey Tyler Gentry Tyler Glasnow Tyler Naquin Tyler O'Neill Tyler Tolbert Tyler Zuber Um Hyung-chan Um Jong-soo Umpires Undrafted Uniforms Universal Target University of Georgia Up-Down Update Urban Youth Academy USA Utility Vaccine Vance Wilson Venezuela Veterans Community Project Vidal Brujan Video Games Vince Velasquez Vinnie Pasquantino Virginia Cavaliers Virginia Tech Virtual Meetings Visiting Dugout Vote Voting Wade Davis Waldo Waldo Pizza Walter Pennington Wander Franco WAR Washington Nationals Welcome to the City Whiskey Whitey Herzog Whit Merrifield Wichita Wind Surge Wild Card William Fleming Willi Castro Willie Wilson Will Klein Will McAffer Will Smith Willson Contreras Will They Ever Be Royal? Will Venable Willy Adames Wilmin Candelario Wilmington Blue Rocks Wil Myers Wily Peralta Win Win Expectancy Winnipeg Goldeyes Win Probability Winter League Winter Meetings Wisconsin Woo-Young Jin World Baseball Classic World Series Worst Record Writing Wyandotte County Wyatt Mills Yadier Molina Yainer Diaz Yandel Ricardo Yandy Diaz Yasiel Puig Yasmani Grandal Yasuhiko Yabuta Yefri Del Rosario Yermin Mercedes Yoan Moncada Yohanse Morel Yokohama Bay Stars Yordano Ventura YouTube Yuli Gurriel Zac Gallen Zach Bove Zach Eflin Zach Haake Zach Messinger Zach Plesac Zach Willeman Zack Greinke Zac Veen ZiPS
Powered by WordPress.com.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://royalsreporter.com/2023/09/30/bobby-witt-jr-makes-royals-history-and-he-needs-to-be-their-priority-this-offseason/ 
 ----- 
