Skip to content
44°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National News
National Politics
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Puzzles
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us
Close Menu

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBSAN DIEGO PADRES
Padres on deck: Giants bring fading wild-card hopes to Petco
Previewing the Padres’ three-game series at Petco Park against the San Francisco Giants: 6:40 p.m. Friday, 5:40 p.m. Saturday and 1:10 p.m. Sunday
San Francisco Giants’ manager Bob Melvin returns to the dugout after starting pitcher Kyle Harrison is removed during the third inning of a baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks in San Francisco, Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024. (Scott Strazzante/San Francisco Chronicle via AP)
By JEFF SANDERS | Jeff.Sanders@sduniontribune.com | The San Diego Union-Tribune
UPDATED: September 6, 2024 at 11:04 AM PDT
In the standings

San Francisco Giants (69-72, 4th in NL West)

The Giants won on Thursday against the Diamondbacks, but they’ve still dropped seven of their last 10 games and are 7½ games out of a wild-card spot ask they make their last trek to Petco Park this season. San Francisco ranks 20th in on-base percentage (.393), 22nd in opponent average (.247) and 18th in bullpen ERA.

San Diego Padres (80-62, 2nd in NL West)

The Padres were an out away from a sweep of the Tigers when Robert Suarez gave up a grand slam to allow Detroit to salvage a win. The loss prevented the Padres from increasing their lead on Arizona, which remain a half-game behind the Padres in the race for the NL’s top wild-card spot after losing Thursday. The Padres are five games behind the Dodgers in the division.

RELATED ARTICLES
Former Padres ace Jake Peavy happy to be ‘home’ in San Diego
Former Mariners manager Scott Servais joining Padres in player development
Analysis: Bitter family fights have torpedoed sports ownership groups before; could the Padres be next?
Bryce Miller: Breitbard Hall of Famer Adrian Gonzalez made MLB mark in San Diego
Padres add former major leaguers Robby Hammock, Nick Punto to coaching staff
What have they done lately?
San Francisco: The Giants are an even 22-22 since the All-Star break and their playoff odds are down to less than 0.1 percent, according to baseball-reference.com. OF Mike Yastrzemski has four homers and a .799 OPS over his last 11 games and the newly-extended Matt Chapman has a .799 OPS and two homers over that stretch. No other Giant regular has an OPS over .660 over the last 15 days. New closer Ryan Walker is 3-for-3 in save chances over that stretch and has 13-to-1 strikeout-to-walk ratio over 6⅓ scoreless innings.
San Diego: INF Luis Arraez is hitting .389/.431/.481 with three steals over the last 15 days and OF Jackson Merrill has four homers and an .889 OPS over that stretch. Right behind Merrill is 3B Manny Machado with three homers, an .849 OPS and a team-leading 13 RBIs over that stretch. 2B Xander Bogaerts homered on Thursday but still has a .665 OPS over his last 14 games.

 

Clubhouse leaders
OPS: Giants – OF Heliot Ramos (.816), 3B Matt Chapman (.779), 1B LaMonte Wade Jr. (.773); Padres – OF Jurickson Profar (.844), OF Jackson Merrill (.821), 3B Manny Machado (.778).
Homers: Giants – Chapman (22), Ramos (20), OF Michael Conforto (15); Padres – Machado (23), Merrill (22), Profar (22).
RBIs: Giants – Chapman (69), Ramos (67), Conforto (55); Padres – Machado (86), Merrill (82), Profar (82).
Steals: Giants – SS Tyler Fitzgerald (17), Chapman (13), Ramos (5); Padres – SS Ha-Seong Kim (22), Merrill (16), 2B Xander Bogaerts (10).
Saves: Giants – RHP Camilo Doval (22-for-27, 4.71 ERA), RHP Ryan Walker (5-for-9, 1.88 ERA); Padres – RHP Robert Suarez (31-for-35, 2.54 ERA), LHP Tanner Scott (20-for-22, 1.44 ERA).
Appearances: Giants – RHP Tyler Rogers (69, 3.02 ERA), Walker (68, 1.88 ERA), LHP Erik Miller (63, 3.75 ERA); Padres – RHP Jason Adam (64, 1.98 ERA), Scott (62), LHP Yuki Matsui (60, 3.60 ERA).
San Francisco Giants pitcher Mason Black throws to a Miami Marlins batter during the first inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Aug. 31, 2024, in San Francisco. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)
Pitching matchups

Friday

Giants RHP Mason Black (0-2, 7.45 ERA)   |   The 24-year-old rookie has struck out 16 against seven walks in 19⅓ innings since making his debut in May. He made four starts then and returned to the team on Aug. 31, allowing two runs in five innings in a loss to the Marlins. This is Black’s first appearance against the Padres.
Padres RHP Michael King (11-8, 3.17 ERA)   |   A full-time starter for the first time, King is up to a career-high 150⅔ innings. He last pitched Aug. 29 (4⅓ IP, 2 ER) as the Padres used the return of Yu Darvish to give King extra rest. He’s made two starts against the Giants this year, allowing two runs in 11 innings (1.64 ERA) and striking out 10 against eight walks.

Saturday

Giants RHP Logan Webb (11-9, 3.43 ERA)   |   Last year’s NL Cy Young runner-up leads the NL with 183 ⅔ innings. Webb has allowed 10 runs over his last 11 innings, allowing three homers among 12 hits and three walks. He has a 2.77 ERA in two starts (13 IP) this year against the Padres.
Padres RHP Dylan Cease (12-10, 3.62 ERA)   |   He’s topped 200 strikeouts for a fourth straight year but also leads the NL with 58 walks. Cease also has a 4.78 ERA over his last five starts. He is 0-1 with a 3.38 ERA in two starts this year against the Giants, striking out 13 against four walks over 10⅔ innings.

Sunday

Giants TBA   |   Manager Bob Melvin has not named a starter and Blake Snell throwing just one inning in Thursday’s start likely complicates pitching plans for the weekend.
 Padres RHP Joe Musgrove (5-4, 4.09 ERA)   |   He has a 1.30 ERA in five starts since coming off the IL and has thrown quality starts in his last three trips to the mound. Musgrove last faced the Giants in late March, allowing four runs in 5⅔ innings in a loss.

 

Training room
San Francisco: LHP Robbie Ray is out until mid-September with a left hamstring strain, as is RHP Jordan Hicks (shoulder inflammation. C Tommy Murphy (knee), INF Wilmer Flores (knee) and RHP Keaton Winn (elbow) are on the 60-day injured list, as is OF Jung Hoo Lee, who has been out all year with a shoulder dislocation.
San Diego: SS Ha-Seong Kim (shoulder) has been hitting on the field and throwing across the diamond, but he acknowledged on Thursday that he’s at less than 100 percent and feeling discomfort with the throws. His swings are uninhibited, he said.

Originally Published: September 6, 2024 at 9:00 AM PDT
Around the Web
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Take A Look At Jack Nicholson's Disgusting Home
Rank Upwards
The Most Miserable City in America is in South Carolina
HealthSymptoms
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
SDG&E tells 55,000 customers they might lose power as fresh Santa Ana winds move in
Former Padres ace Jake Peavy happy to be ‘home’ in San Diego
‘Endless Summer’ star, local surf icon dies in Encinitas
Renovated ‘dive bar’ Hearth House reopens in La Mesa
With boards still hampered by hundreds of vacancies, officials want volunteers to help make ‘real differences’
Man found dead of gunshot wound in Oceanside
Sneak a peek into soon-to-open cannabis lounge, first in San Diego County
Trump has threatened to end CBP One, making asylum appointments more coveted than ever
Don’t call it a bachelor pad. These ‘boy apartments’ are out to impress.
3 thoughts: New Mexico 62, SDSU 48 … elevation, offense, and a rough day in San Diego
Eggs are scarce. Prices are up. This family egg farm is the new hot spot.
Nick Canepa: Fear not, Padres aren’t going anywhere
MORE IN SAN DIEGO PADRES
Former Padres ace Jake Peavy happy to be ‘home’ in San Diego
Former Mariners manager Scott Servais joining Padres in player development
Analysis: Bitter family fights have torpedoed sports ownership groups before; could the Padres be next?
Bryce Miller: Breitbard Hall of Famer Adrian Gonzalez made MLB mark in San Diego
2024
September
6
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/2024/09/06/padres-on-deck-giants-bring-fading-wild-card-hopes-to-petco/ 
 ----- 
