Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Texas Rangers
A Texas-sized blow: Rangers ace Scherzer done for the season

The Rangers are fighting for a playoff spot

Scherzer is Major League Baseball's active leader in career strikeouts.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 13/09/2023 - 16:55 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Alex Rodriguez reportedly ratted on other players who were on PEDs, lied to Yankees too
MLB. Braves clinch first playoff spot, return to the MLB postseason for the 6th year in a row

One of the top pitchers in Major League Baseball has gone down at a critical time in the 2023 season.

Texas Rangers star Max Scherzer is set to miss the remainder of the season -- and he is viewed as "unlikely" to return for postseason play, should Texas qualify. MLB's active strikeouts leader is dealing with a teres major strain -- a low-grade muscle pull in his upper right arm -- and he has been put on the injured list, ruling him out for the rest of the regular season.

How good has Scherzer been?

Scherzer has not quite been at his dominant best in 2023, but the veteran right-hander is still among the top pitchers in all of baseball.

Since his July trade from the New York Mets, Scherzer has posted a 4-2 record in eight starts, pitching to a 3.20 ERA and recording 53 strikeouts in 45 innings. The future Hall of Fame inductee locked up the Toronto Blue Jays in his last start on Tuesday, allowing just three hits in 5 1/3 shutout innings.

Scherzer is a three-time Cy Young Award winner and is one of only a handful of pitchers to have won the award while playing for an American League team (Detroit) and a National League team (Washington). The Rangers are his sixth team in his 16-year MLB career.

Rangers' rotten luck
MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
A photo spark...
Marca

The Rangers invested heavily in rebuilding their tattered pitching staff last winter and over the summer. Texas signed Jacob deGrom to a $185 million contract only to see the right-hander make just six starts before undergoing Tommy John surgery. All-Star right-hander Nathan Eovaldi missed over a month with a forearm strain -- a time period corresponding with a decline in the Rangers' record.

Texas's hot start to the 2023 season has faded from memory, and the Rangers are now involved in a heated playoff race. Entering play on Sept. 13, Texas -- with an 80-64 record -- sits one game back of the Houston Astros in the American League West and is nursing a half-game lead over the Blue Jays and Seattle Mariners for a wild-card berth.

Texas Rangers - English
MLB - English
New York YankeesFormer Yankees pitcher David Wells goes on rant against "woke" culture and says "everyone should carry a gun"
CelebritiesAnthony Edwards and his question to Alex Rodriguez: How did he ruin his relationship with Jennifer Lopez?
Los Angeles DodgersWho called the police on Julio Urias's domestic violence suspicion arrest at LAFC stadium?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Prince Harry happy with latest news...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/texas-rangers/2023/09/13/6502228ae2704ec9708b4623.html 
 ----- 
