Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Texas Rangers Ace Max Scherzer Out For Rest of Regular Season
The Texas Rangers will not have one of their top trade deadline acquisition Max Scherzer for remainder of the regular season due to an injury.
Matthew Postins | Sep 13, 2023
Texas Rangers Ace Max Scherzer Out For Rest of Regular Season /
In this story:
Texas Rangers

Texas Rangers pitcher Max Scherzer will miss the remainder of the regular season with strained teres major, according to Rangers general manager Chris Young.

Scherzer suffered the injury Tuesday night in his start against the Toronto Blue Jays. He had an MRI on Wednesday in Toronto.

The teres major is a muscle that connects the scapula to the humerus. On Tuesday night, the Rangers said that Scherzer had a right triceps spasm.

Young told reporters in Toronto that it is “unlikely” that Scherzer pitches in the postseason, should the Rangers make it. Texas is in playoff position, just game behind the Houston Astros in the American League West and holding the second Wild Card spot.

Scherzer left in the sixth inning. He recorded the first out of the inning, getting the George Springer to ground out. During the next at-bat against Bo Bichette, Scherzer winced during a pitch and that drew several people to the mound, including team trainers.

"I could tell my triceps was starting to tighten up,” Scherzer said. "It felt muscular and you can work through that. I was working through the Springer at-bat and I could feel it but it wasn’t awful.

"Then I threw the curveball to Bichette and it felt like a charley horse that you get in your hamstring. I was hoping to work it out. But went I got on the mound and I went through the motion, it didn't release."

After he threw a warm-up pitch, during which he again showed pain, he left the game and was replaced by Jose Leclerc.

Scherzer added that his forearm has been tight the last couple of outings, so this injury is probably related because of the added stress on his arm.

Scherzer gave up three hits and a walk while striking out two in 5 1/3 innings before leaving the game. He did get the win.

Scherzer is 13-6 with a 3.77 ERA this season.

You can find Matthew Postins on Twitter @PostinsPostcard

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook, Twitter, TikTok and Instagram.

Published Sep 13, 2023
MATTHEW POSTINS

Matthew Postins is an award-winning sports journalist who covers the Texas Rangers for On SI and also writes about the Houston Astros, Chicago Cubs and Philadelphia Phillies. He also covers the Big 12 for HeartlandCollegeSports.com.

Follow postinspostcard

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/texas-rangers-max-scherzer-out-regular-season-injury-update 
 ----- 
