

The Korea Times
Login
Subscribe
Photos
Video
World
Sports
Opinion
Entertainment & Art
Lifestyle
Finance
Business
National
North Korea


Sports
Sun, January 12, 2025 | 17:50
Blue Jays' Ryu Hyun-jin takes 2nd straight loss after tossing season-high 6 innings
Posted : 2023-09-13 11:23
Updated : 2023-09-13 11:23

Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Ryu Hyun-jin works against the Texas Rangers during the first inning of a baseball game in Toronto, Sept. 12. AP-Yonhap

Toronto Blue Jays starter Ryu Hyun-jin has dropped his second straight start, despite throwing a season-high six innings in a crucial game against a rival club.Ryu gave up three runs on five hits in six innings in a 6-3 loss to the Texas Rangers at Rogers Centre in Toronto on Tuesday (local time). It was Ryu's longest outing of the season since his return from Tommy John surgery on Aug. 1.

Ryu, who struck out five and walked one, didn't get any run support, as his counterpart, three-time Cy Young Award winner Max Scherzer, stymied the Blue Jays for 5 1/3 shutout innings before leaving the game with triceps problems.

Ryu fell to 3-3 for the season, and his ERA went up from 2.65 to 2.93.

Ryu held the Rangers hitless through the first three innings, getting some soft contact with an effective mix of five pitches: fastball, changeup, cutter, curveball and sinker.

But the Rangers broke the ice in a big way in the top of the fourth.

Corey Seager led off the frame with a single off a first-pitch cutter, and then Robbie Grossman homered by also swinging on the first pitch, another cutter.

It was the sixth homer given up by Ryu this season and the fifth in the last four starts.

And those two swings did most of the damage against Ryu, who gave up the third run on a sacrifice fly by Jonah Heim in the sixth inning. That inning began with a double by Seager, a former teammate of Ryu's with the Los Angeles Dodgers.

This was the third time this year that Ryu pitched into the sixth inning and the first time he completed that frame. He finished with 82 pitches, 59 of them for strikes.

Against the Blue Jays bullpen, the Rangers tacked on two more runs in the seventh and another in the ninth. The Blue Jays scored an ultimately inconsequential run in the ninth.

The Blue Jays have now lost the first two games of this crucial four-game series with major postseason implications.

The loss temporarily dropped the Blue Jays to third place in the American League Wild Card race at 80-65, a half-game back of the Rangers (80-64). The Seattle Mariners began the day in fourth place of the race at 79-65. (Yonhap)



Taboola 후원링크
Recommended Contents For You
'Squid Game' actor Park Sung- hoon tearfully apologizes for posting explicit content
Fitness YouTuber Park Seung- hyun with 830,000 subscribers dies at 34
Actor Song Hye-kyo addresses malicious rumors and reflects on her career
Pet dog who lost 9 family members in Jeju Air crash visits memorial
Ruling party lawmaker under fire for supporting far-right pastor's rally
'Squid Game' faces boycott in Vietnam over controversial Vietnam War dialogue
AD
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai uit voorraad leverbaar.
AD
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialist en heeft kousen uitgevonden waar nu om gevochten wordt
AD
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actu ally Understands Your Voice
		
 
Most Read in Sports
1
Olympic chief remains suspended after losing appeal
2
Election for football chief postponed for 2nd time
3
Opportunity opens up for new Dodger Kim Hye-seong following trade of incumbent infielder
4
New Bears pitcher Zach Logue eager to capitalize on opportunity to prove himself
5
Controversial election for nat'l football chief rescheduled for Jan. 23
Top 10 Stories
1
Anonymous blogger exposes Imperial Japan's historical mistreatment of Korea
2
Jeju Air jet black boxes stopped recording before crash: transport ministry
3
Sullivan calls Yoon's martial law bid 'shocking, wrong'; says alliance still set for success despite turmoil
4
China seeks closer ties with South Korea, but challenges remain
5
Ex-PSS chief appears for 2nd day of police questioning over obstructing Yoon's detainment
6
Parliamentary subcommittee passes new special counsel bill to investigate Yoon's martial law bid
7
Shaman indicted on illegal political funds charges
8
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider array of possibilities
9
Birds Korea NGO calls for reassessment of Korea's new airport proposals, expansions
10
S. Korea, US agree NCG will serve as 'solid' foundation for integrated nuclear deterrence efforts
DARKROOM

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

Tottenham 4-3 K-League All-Stars

World Water Day 2024

Busan World Team Table Tennis Championships Finals

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

1
2
3
4
5
Interesting Contents
Chinese tourist nabbed for filming Jeju Int'l Airp ort with a drone
Sookmyung concludes first lady Kim plagiarized master's thesis: sources
Choi calls for safety of civil servants, citizens during law execution
Police probe Japanese email claiming responsib ility for plane crash
De nieuwe Nissan Qashq ai met extra voordeel tot €4.000.
Nissan Qashqai
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Ongelooflijk: Mensen die energieke kousen prober en, kunnen niet meer zonder
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
Taboola 후원링크
   
CEO & Publisher: Oh Young-jin
Digital News Email: webmaster@koreatimes.co.kr
Tel: 02-724-2114
Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아52844
Date of registration: 2020.02.05
Masthead: The Korea Times
Copyright © koreatimes.co.kr. All rights reserved.
About Us
Introduction
History
Contact Us
Products & Services
Subscribe
E-paper
RSS Service
Content Sales
Site Map
Policy
Code of Ethics
Ombudsman
Privacy Statement
Terms of Service
Copyright Policy
Family Site
Hankook Ilbo
Dongwha Group
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreatimes.co.kr/www/sports/2025/01/600_359091.html 
 ----- 
