Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Resilient to the end, Yankees' 2024 title hopes fade in Game 5
Share
Resilient to the end, Yankees' 2024 title hopes fade in Game 5
October 31st, 2024

Bryan Hoch

@BryanHoch
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- It was finally beginning to look like the World Series that the Yankees expected in the early innings of Game 5, their blend of power and patience showing up with force, fueling their surging optimism that maybe -- just maybe -- this team had all the necessary components to “shock the world,” as manager Aaron Boone had said.

Gerrit Cole had yet to permit a hit over four scoreless innings, the five-run wad in his back pocket bankrolled by home runs from Aaron Judge, Jazz Chisholm Jr. and Giancarlo Stanton. Then came Tommy Edman’s sinking liner to center field, a routine play that would change the course of an evening that sent these Yankees into winter.

“You can't give a good team like that extra outs,” Judge said after the Yankees’ 7-6 loss on Wednesday night, which sealed the Dodgers’ eighth World Series championship. “So it starts with me there, a line drive coming in. I misplayed that. If that doesn't happen, I think it's a different story tonight.”

Related
Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

52 minutes ago

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

Steinbrenner addresses Yanks' hot topics at Owners Meetings

November 21st, 2024

After triggering opt-out, Cole staying with Yanks on existing deal

November 5th, 2024

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

15 standout Statcast plays from a memorable 2024 season

December 29th, 2024

Judge said there was nothing strange about Edman’s liner, except perhaps the fact that it wasn’t caught, clanking off Judge’s glove for his first error in 1,958 career innings as a center fielder (regular season and postseason).

With one foot seemingly already on a jet to Los Angeles, the Yankees had just opened the door for the flight delay of all delays.

This club survived a lack of fundamentals in the field and on the basepaths in the regular season because the Yankees thumped homers and worked walks more frequently than anyone else; even when those weaknesses showed up in the first two rounds of the postseason, the Royals and Guardians ultimately couldn’t contain New York’s firepower.

The Dodgers, however, would be a different story. Anthony Volpe fielded a Will Smith grounder and opted to throw to Chisholm at third base, intending to cut down Kiké Hernández. The toss was short, bouncing away from Chisholm and loading the bases with none out.

“Just trying to make a play,” Volpe said. “I figured that was my only play.”

Cole would have to dig deep for an escape, one he seemed primed for by striking out the next two hitters. Mookie Betts chopped a grounder to Anthony Rizzo at first base, and the crowd of 49,263 roared in anticipation of a stellar Houdini act; even the person at the controls of the Stadium sound system played a peppy end-of-inning ditty.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Yet as Betts busted it down the baseline, Cole halted, pointing for Rizzo to take the ball to first base himself.

“I took a bad angle to the ball,” Cole said. “I wasn’t sure really off the bat how hard he hit it. I took a direct angle to it to cut it off. By the time the ball got by me, I was not in a position to cover first. Neither of us were, based on the spin of the baseball and him having to secure it.”

Betts was safe, Hernández scored, and Cole had to go back to the mound. The sequence unraveled from there; World Series MVP Freddie Freeman stroked a two-run single and Teoscar Hernández blasted a two-run double to deep center field, tying the game.

It was arguably the Yankees’ worst defensive inning of the season, and once Cole mercifully recorded the final out, one was reminded of the scene in Anchorman when Will Ferrell’s exhausted Ron Burgundy exhales after a bloody parking-lot battle: “Boy, that escalated quickly.”

“At the end of it, it almost felt like a win to just not give up the lead and be in a position to keep going,” Cole said.

5 things Yankees need to do to get back here

Yes, another theme of this campaign has been an ability to punch back; the Yanks recovered from a summer swoon that lasted far too long to secure the American League East, finishing with an AL-best 94 victories.

Even a 3-0 deficit in the World Series didn’t seem to daunt them; Volpe’s starring performance in Game 4 against the Dodgers marked one of the best Yankee Stadium moments since the 2009 championship.

“I think that’s what makes it so painful,” Volpe said. “We could go back and replay every single inning of every single game. We felt like we were good enough to win the World Series.”

'It's going to sting for a while': Yanks lament lack of execution

So they would try once again, reclaiming the lead behind Stanton’s sixth-inning sacrifice fly. As Cole said: “When it was all said and done, the game was still in front of us with a chance to win.”

But a bullpen that exceeded expectations all postseason faltered when Tommy Kahnle allowed all three men he faced to reach in the eighth, a frame that also included a catcher’s interference error.

The clock ran out on the ’24 Yankees nine minutes before Halloween, with Alex Verdugo swinging through a Walker Buehler knuckle curve.

The Yankees steadfastly believed the talent levels between the two rosters in this dream World Series were comparable; that may be so, but the differences in execution were evident. They’ll have a long time to evaluate how it should have gone differently.

“I think falling short in the World Series will stick with me until I die, probably,” Judge said. “Just like every other loss, those things don’t go away. There’s battle scars along the way. Hopefully when my career is over, we’ve got a lot of battle scars, but also a lot of victories.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Gerrit Cole
Aaron Judge
Giancarlo Stanton

Senior Reporter Bryan Hoch has covered the Yankees for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/aaron-judge-gerrit-cole-yankees-lose-world-series-2024 
 ----- 
