MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Thunder extend perfect start with 105-92 win over Clippers
Updated Nov. 3, 2024 1:15 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

INGLEWOOD, Calif. (AP) — Shai Gilgeous-Alexander had 25 points and the Oklahoma City Thunder extended their undefeated start to the season by beating the Los Angeles Clippers 105-92 on Saturday night.

All five Thunder starters scored in double figures, and the six straight wins to begin the season marked the team's best start since moving to Oklahoma City from Seattle in 2008.

Norman Powell scored 24 points and James Harden added 12 points and 13 rebounds, but the Clippers dropped to 0-4 in their new arena despite holding double-digit leads in each of those defeats.

Los Angeles coach Tyronn Lue waved the white flag and pulled his starters with 4:13 remaining.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Thunder: After coach Mark Daigneault expressed plenty of respect for the Clippers' ferocious defense coming into the game, Gilgeous-Alexander shredded Los Angeles for 23 points in the second and third quarters to make an early statement in a potential MVP season.

Clippers: They got off to a good start from 3-point range, making eight long balls in the first quarter, but Los Angeles went 3 for 16 (18.8%) the rest of the way.

Key moment

Aaron Wiggins hit a 3 to end the third quarter for an 81-78 lead, and the Thunder followed that up by scoring the first seven points in the fourth to create separation.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Go The Extra Miles
Extend your journey with gear that can take on any terrain.
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Marcus Freeman, Notre Dame 'find a way' to get past Penn State, advance to title game
Christian Gray had a memorable interception and Mitch Jeter kicked a game-winning 41-yard field goal to lead Notre Dame to a 27-24 win over Penn...
Key stat

Former Clippers announcer Ralph Lawler coined “Lawler's law,” the concept that the first team to reach 100 points would win a game. But the Thunder became the first team to make it a reality at Intuit Dome. Los Angeles was 0-3 despite hitting the century mark in its first three home games.

Up next

The Thunder host Orlando on Monday, and the Clippers continue their five-game homestand against San Antonio on Monday.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Oklahoma City Thunder
LA Clippers
National Basketball Association
James Harden
Norman Powell
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander
LA Clippers
Oklahoma City Thunder
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/thunder-extend-perfect-start-with-10592-win-over-clippers 
 ----- 
