Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
LA Clippers Star Makes Blunt Statement After Third-Straight Loss
After losing to the OKC Thunder, the Clippers have lost three straight games
Farbod Esnaashari | Nov 3, 2024
Los Angeles Clippers guard Norman Powell (24) talks with guard James Harden (1) on the bench in the second half against the Washington Wizards at Crypto.com Arena. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images / Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images
In this story:
Los Angeles Clippers
Oklahoma City Thunder

There's no way around it, the LA Clippers are struggling right now. After entering the week with a 2-1 record that included a fantastic pair of back-to-back wins against the Warriors and Nuggets, the Clippers are anything but fantastic right now.

The Clippers hoped to get their first win at their brand new Intuit Dome arena this week during their homestand, but the exact opposite happened. The Clippers dropped incredibly disappointing games where they featured double-digit leads against the Portland Trail Blazers, Phoenix Suns, and Oklahoma City Thunder. For one reason or another, the Clippers just can't close at home and haven't been able to win at home.

After the disappointing loss against the Oklahoma City Thunder, Clippers star Norman Powell gave a very blunt response on the troubles when asked by a reporter.

"What it feel like when you're standing in here? What it feel like? It's nasty right now," Powell said. "We just gotta figure it out. We're playing good 28-32 minutes of basketball. We've just got to stay with it. T-Lue shows us stats these last five games where we're at offensively, defensively, first half to second half."

For as good as the Clippers have been defensively, they have been atrocious offensively. The offense is so bad, that it's leading to very bad transition defense as a result. It was incredibly evident against the Oklahoma City Thunder, and Powell knows that.

"But offensively, we didn't take our shots when they were open, we turned down some shots, we didn't complete when we had two-on-one, three-on-one breaks, we didn't complete those, and then having 22 turnovers against a team that wants to get out and transition," Powell said. "They want to turn you over and play fast. Offensively, we didn’t take care of that part. But in the first half, we were good offensively. Terrible the second half."

The LA Clippers held the Thunder to 24 points in the fourth quarter, but they only scored 14 points themselves. No matter who their opponent is, the Clippers will lose any time that happens, and they've been losing.

Related Articles

Steph Curry References James Harden's Iconic Shot During Olympics Celebration

Patrick Beverley's Honest Quote on Former Clippers Teammate Kawhi Leonard

France Basketball Veteran, Clippers Player Announces Olympics Retirement

Published Nov 3, 2024
FARBOD ESNAASHARI

12-year NBA veteran that's covered the league on Sports Illustrated, Forbes, Bleacher Report, and ESPN.

Follow Farbod_E

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/clippers/news/la-clippers-star-makes-blunt-statement-after-third-straight-loss-01jbt4jg2qt5 
 ----- 
