Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Three Takeaway from the Thunder's Sixth Win this Season Versus the LA Clippers
Oklahoma City again took care of business on Saturday night, claiming its sixth consecutive win on the season as one of two undefeated teams left across the league.
Nathan Aker | Nov 3, 2024
Nov 2, 2024; Inglewood, California, USA; Oklahoma City Thunder guard Alex Caruso (9) looks to pass against LA Clippers guard Norman Powell (24) during the second half at Intuit Dome. Mandatory Credit: Jonathan Hui-Imagn Images / Jonathan Hui-Imagn Images
In this story:
Oklahoma City Thunder
Los Angeles Clippers

The Oklahoma City Thunder continue to roll along smoothly into this season, starting with a flawless 6-0 start and sending the LA Clippers to 2-4 behind a 105-92 victory late Saturday night.

With a 25-point performance from Shai Gilgeous-Alexander and a double-digit scoring effort from every starter, an efficient shooting night for Oklahoma City saw them come out of LA for the first time this season with a win.

Let's look at three takeaways from the Thunder's sixth win to start the season:

Aaron Wiggins Gets Second Start, Provides Strong Impact

For what's been a very impressive start for Aaron Wiggins to start the season, he's been getting the nod from head coach Mark Daigneault and given plenty of time on the floor as a result -- and he's been producing. Playing 30 minutes on the night, Wiggins added some solid impact both ways in the win.

Adding three steals to the Thunder's total of 11, five boards, two assists and 12 points on 5-for-12 shooting, as well as a couple threes, giving Wiggins this additional responsiblity thus far this season hasn't been a mistake. He's been answering the call, and he'll continue to progress as he gets further into his groove throughout the season.

James Harden Contained to Minimal Offensive Production

James Harden, as every basketball fan knows, has the opportunity to light things up offensively any given night. He'd been having a formidable start to the Clippers' season, throwing up peformances of 20-plus points in nearly all of their games thus far, as the Thunder held him to under 15 points for the first time this season.

Just a mere 12 points and 4-of-13 shooting, Oklahoma City frustrated him to the tune of two turnovers and only shooting 2-of-9 from outside. To Harden's offensive standards, it was a lackluster night for the tenured veteran.

Thunder Defense Continues to Improve

It's been shown since the start of the season how special this Oklahoma City defense is going to be, especially with the addition of veteran defensive stalwart Alex Caruso, and of course the progression of Cason Wallace and others. This team is adept at getting in the passing lanes, disrupting ball handlers and overall anticipation to cause errors.

On Saturday night, Caruso added two steals to Wiggins' three along with two apiece from Ousmane Dieng and Jalen Williams. This helped amass 20 errors from the Clippers, helping the Thunder to five more shots on the night and disrupting the overall flow from LA's offense.

Want to join the discussion? LikeThunder on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Thunder news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 3, 2024
NATHAN AKER

Nathan is a senior at the University of Oklahoma majoring in Public Relations set to graduate in May 2024. He holds experience covering multiple sports, primarily basketball, at the high school and collegiate level. 

Follow nateaker

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/thunder/news/three-takeaway-from-the-thunder-s-sixth-win-this-season-versus-the-la-clippers-01jbsbgq5gtf 
 ----- 
