Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Clippers fade in second half against Thunder to remain winless at Intuit Dome
BRODERICK TURNER
November 2, 2024 at 10:14 PM
Clippers forward Derrick Jones Jr. shoots in front of Oklahoma City Thunder guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander during the first half of the Clippers' 105-92 loss at the Intuit Dome on Saturday. (Mark J. Terrill / Associated Press)

The Clippers’ locker room was mostly empty and quiet Saturday night, a sense of dread appearing to envelop the team following its third consecutive loss.

After a 105-92 loss to the Oklahoma City Thunder dropped them to 0-4 at the Intuit Dome — their new home in Inglewood — few players were in a mood to talk about the team's struggles.

Norman Powell stood at his locker, however, and answered questions. He was asked about the mood of a team that has started 2-4 with star player Kawhi Leonard out because of right knee inflammation.

“What it feel like when you’re standing in here?” Powell asked the reporter.

He paused for a moment and repeated the question to the reporter: “What it feel like?”

Not very good, the reporter responded.

Read more:Devin Booker torches Clippers for 40 as Suns overcome 21-point deficit to win

“It’s nasty right now,” Powell, who had 24 points, said. “We just got to figure it out. I mean, I think we are playing good 28, 32 minutes of basketball. But we just got to stay with it.”

James Harden had talked all season, but he wasn’t around when the media entered the locker room. He had another double-double with 12 points and 13 rebounds, along with seven assists. But he was four for 13 from the field, two for nine from three-point range and minus-nine in his 32 minutes and 36 seconds of playing time.

Ivica Zubac was getting dressed when the media arrived, but he also left without speaking. He had nine points, 12 rebounds and also was minus-nine during his 28:24.

“Zu, I think, got ran down a little bit today, a little tired, and he wasn’t his usual self around the basket, finishing,” Clippers coach Tyronn Lue said. “So, that kind of hurt us.”

It was the Clippers’ fourth game in seven days, and it tested their endurance. Did fatigue play a role in the loss, especially considering that the Clippers have played games so poorly in the second half?

“I ask myself the same thing every night,” Lue said. “Is it fatigue? Can we do something different?”

But Oklahoma City didn’t let up despite playing on the second night of a back-to-back, improving to 6-0 behind 25 points from Shai Gilgeous-Alexander.

Nevertheless, Lue continued to encourage his team.

“Stay with it,” Lue said. “We played some tough teams. The biggest message tonight is stay the course.”

The Clippers started strong in the first quarter, building a 13-point lead. They went six for 16 from three-point range, tying a franchise record for three-point attempts in the first quarter.

Read more:Clippers, becoming experts at close games, lose a tight one to Portland

But they struggled with turnovers in the second quarter, giving the ball away eight times for 11 points. For the game, the Clippers had 20 turnovers.

Lue said before the game he wanted the Clippers to take care of the basketball. The Clippers entered averaging 16.4 turnovers per game, the sixth-worst in the NBA. They failed to cut down on the turnovers against the Thunder, who led the league in steals entering Saturday, averaging 13.8 per game.

By halftime, the Thunder cut the Clippers’ lead to 57-53. The Clippers were outscored 12-2 to start the fourth quarter, falling into a 13-point hole and failing to get any closer.

“It’s a multitude of things,” Powell said. “The first thing I do is I look at myself in the mirror and see what I can do better, see how I can rally the guys, try to be vocal and encouraging, on the bench, watching the game, telling guys to shoot, telling guys to attack, play aggressive, get the ball out in transition. Hopefully we can generate some easy baskets that way."

Sign up for the L.A. Times SoCal high school sports newsletter to get scores, stories and a behind-the-scenes look at what makes prep sports so popular.

This story originally appeared in Los Angeles Times.

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
People
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry open their Montecito, Calif., home to friends evacuate…
Variety
Anita Bryant, Pop Singer, Florida Oranges Pitchwoman and Anti-Gay Rights Crusader, Di…
Finance
CNN Business
Rupert Murdoch’s Fox Corp. must face 2020 election defamation lawsuit, appeals court …
USA TODAY
Ford reveals first special edition of its Mustang GTD supercar, starting at $325,000
Food
Southern Living
Does salt expire?
Simply Recipes
The easy Ina Garten side dish I can’t stop making
Lighter Side
Associated Press
AP Week in Pictures: Latin America and Caribbean
NY Post
Gen Z is ditching booze for sober-centric hubs in NYC: ‘Shocked people are in here ha…
Sports
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona
Weather
AccuWeather
Additional strong Santa Ana winds brewing for Southern California
AccuWeather
Death toll climbs to 10 and thousands of structures destroyed in California wildfires

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/news/clippers-fade-second-half-against-051412191.html 
 ----- 
