MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Mitchell's last-second jumper helps Cavs stay unbeaten with 114-113 win at Milwaukee
Updated Nov. 2, 2024 10:47 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

MILWAUKEE (AP) — Donovan Mitchell scored 30 points including a jumper with three-tenths of a second left and the Cleveland Cavaliers remained unbeaten with a 114-113 victory over the Milwaukee Bucks on Saturday night.

The 7-0 Cavaliers are one win away from matching their best start in franchise history. They won their first eight games in 1976-77.

Milwaukee has lost five straight since winning its opener. The Bucks wasted a brilliant performance from Damian Lillard, who had 41 points with nine assists and shot 10 of 15 from 3-point range.

Lillard had put Milwaukee ahead by hitting a step-back jumper with 9.8 seconds remaining.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Giannis Antetokounmpo had 34 points, 16 rebounds and nine assists for the Bucks.

The Bucks played without Khris Middleton, who hasn't yet made his season debut as he recovers from surgery on his ankles.

Takeaways

Cavaliers: Cleveland showed its gumption by winning at less than full strength one night after beating the Orlando Magic 120-109 at home. Cleveland was missing Caris LeVert due to a sore right knee.

Bucks: After shooting a combined 17 of 73 on 3-point attempts in losses at Boston and Memphis, the Bucks were 18 of 39 from beyond the arc Saturday. Their hot start from long range helped them build a 16-point first-quarter lead. In the end, Lillard and Antetokounmpo didn't get enough help. The Bucks need more from Gary Trent Jr., who scored three points in 34 minutes.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
2024 NFL Week 18 Pick 'Em: Predictions for FOX Super 6 by Chris 'The Bear' Fallica
Enter the free NFL Week 18 Super 6 Contest for a chance to win cash prizes! And if you need help with your picks, Chris "The Bear" Fallica has you covered!
Key moment

After Lillard put Milwaukee ahead, Cleveland called timeout. Evan Mobley inbounded a pass to Mitchell, who caught it while barely avoiding a backcourt violation. Mitchell briefly lost control of the ball, but regained possession in 3-point range, dribbled inside the arc and hit a 19-footer.

Key stat

Lillard's 10 3-pointers were his most since joining the Bucks last season. His 41 points were two off his best total as a Buck.

Up next

The teams meet again Monday in Cleveland.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Donovan Mitchell
Cleveland Cavaliers
National Basketball Association
Khris Middleton
Giannis Antetokounmpo
Damian Lillard
Donovan Mitchell
Milwaukee Bucks
Cleveland Cavaliers
NBA - Cleveland Cavaliers vs. Milwaukee Bucks - 11/03/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/mitchells-lastsecond-jumper-helps-cavs-stay-unbeaten-with-114113-win-at-milwaukee 
 ----- 
