Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'That was on me': Big 5th inning proves costly for Webb, Giants
Share
'That was on me': Big 5th inning proves costly for Webb, Giants
September 2nd, 2024

Maria Guardado

@mi_guardado
Share

0:00

0:35

SAN FRANCISCO -- Logan Webb has been a paragon of consistency for the Giants this season, but he couldn’t hide his frustration after being roughed up by the last-place Marlins.

Webb threw his glove against the dugout wall after giving up six runs over six innings in the Giants’ 7-5 loss in Sunday afternoon’s series finale at Oracle Park, which dropped the club two games below .500 entering the final month of the regular season.

“Everyone did the right thing except for me today,” Webb said. “I don’t feel good about it. I don’t think anybody in here feels good about it. I hope the guys don’t hang their heads too low because that was my bad.”

Webb entered Sunday with a 1.70 ERA over his last six starts and took a 2-0 lead into the fifth inning, but things quickly unraveled from there. With a runner on first and one out, Webb had a chance to start an inning-ending double play after fielding a comebacker from José Devers, but he made a poor throw to shortstop Tyler Fitzgerald, who had to lunge for the ball and tag Griffin Conine before firing to first base.

Devers easily beat out the throw to keep the inning alive for David Hensley, who followed with a two-out single to right field. Nick Fortes put the Marlins on the board with an RBI single, though the biggest blow came courtesy of Kyle Stowers, who crushed a 2-0 changeup from Webb out to right-center field for a three-run blast that put the Giants in a 4-2 hole.

“I’ve got to make that play,” Webb said of his poor throw. “I got exactly what I wanted: the first pitch right back to me. I made a couple of those plays earlier this year. It was just a bad throw and it leads to runs. I lost that game today. That was on me. It just sucks.”

Related
Verlander, 3-time Cy winner, signs 1-year deal with Giants

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

January 12th, 2025

200+ innings, new cutter have Webb 'excited' for '25

September 25th, 2024

These Giants vets have more to play for down the stretch

September 19th, 2024

Do Skubal and Sale have the Cy Young Awards sewn up?

September 3rd, 2024

San Francisco briefly regained a 5-4 lead after rallying for three runs in the bottom of the fifth, but Webb faltered again when he returned to the mound in the sixth, giving up a leadoff single to Jesús Sánchez, followed by a game-tying double to Jonah Bride. The Marlins went ahead for good on an RBI groundout from Otto Lopez, saddling Webb with his first loss since July 20. The six runs were the most the All-Star right-hander had allowed in a game since he gave up seven against the Blue Jays on July 10.

“It had all the makings of a really good game for us,” manager Bob Melvin said. “Logan was on his game, we scored a couple of runs early, which we were having a tough time doing. Then we don’t turn a double play, which gets us out of the inning with no runs. And then it just got away from him.

“This is probably as bad of a loss as we’ve had.”

The series loss to the Marlins represented the latest nadir for the Giants (68-70), whose playoff odds now stand at a season-low 0.3 percent, according to FanGraphs. They’ll likely face an uphill battle just to finish above .500 this year, as each of their final 24 games will come against teams with winning records.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“It’s always tough being in these positions, but it’s happened before where teams get hot and you can go on winning streaks,” Webb said. “Anything can happen. If you have the goal of coming in and trying to be the best version of yourself and try to win every day, I think good things happen.”

Sunday ended up being a day to forget for nearly every Giant except Mike Yastrzemski, who led off the bottom of the first inning with his 100th career home run. Yastrzemski smoked a misplaced fastball from Marlins starter Darren McCaughan over the right-field arcade to cement his spot in the century club -- no small feat considering the Giants’ outfielder broke into the Majors as a 28-year-old rookie in 2019.

Yastrzemski and his grandfather, Hall of Famer Carl Yastrzemski, became the fourth grandfather and grandson duo to each hit at least 100 homers in their MLB careers, joining former Giant David Bell and his grandfather Gus Bell, as well as brothers Aaron Boone and Bret Boone and their grandfather Ray Boone.

“It was huge,” Yastrzemski said. “I feel lucky to play long enough to even have a chance at that, let alone to do it. To tack on that many as a guy who started so late in his career in the big leagues, I’m feeling pretty humbled and very lucky today.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Francisco Giants
Logan Webb

Senior Reporter Maria Guardado covers the Giants for MLB.com. She previously covered the Angels from 2017-18.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/logan-webb-giants-drop-series-finale-marlins 
 ----- 
