Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 International Friendly
POL
2
FT
TUR
1
Karol Swiderski - 12'Nicola Zalewski - 90'
Baris Alper Yilmaz - 77'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Lewandowski, Swiderski limp off as Poland sweat over strikers' fitness for Euros
ByReuters
Updated: Jun 10, 2024, 11:12 pm

Poland's Nicola Zalewski scored a 90th minute goal to snatch a 2-1 win over Turkey in the final warm-up match for both sides on Monday before Euro 2024 but the home side will be worried over injuries to strikers Karol Swiderski and Robert Lewandowski.

Swiderski opened the scoring in the 12th minute, slipping his shot under the legs of goalkeeper Mert Günok but as the forward celebrated he came down awkwardly on his ankle and went off injured shortly afterwards.

"Karol has sprained his ankle and only after the tests will we know what the situation looks like. There will certainly be no changes made," Poland manager Michal Probierz said.

Turkey equalised in the 77th minute with two substitutes involved when Kenan Yildiz passed to Baris Alper Yilmaz on the edge of the area and his shot went through the legs of defender Bartosz Salamon and past keeper Wojciech Szczesny.

Both sides had chances to find a winner but it was Poland who extended their unbeaten run to eight games when Zalewski went on a solo-run into the area and netted a fine goal in the final minute.

"We haven't won for five games but in all the friendly matches we had difficult opponents," Turkey manager Vincenzo Montella said, with his side having held European champions Italy to a 0-0 draw last week.

"What worries me is that we work hard, we try, and every failure affects our well-being. I'm not worried because we had 20 scoring opportunities. We need to have better efficiency, I am aware of that."

Poland had already lost Arkadiusz Milik to injury during their 3-1 win over Ukraine on Friday, with the Juventus forward then left out of the Euro squad, and, after Swiderski's injury, manager Probierz could have even more problems.

The sight of talisman Lewandowski going off injured later in the first half was the last thing any Polish fan wanted to see, but his injury may not be as serious as Swiderski's.

"Robert has a slight injury but there should be no problem," Probierz said after he became the Poland manager with the most successful start after eight games without defeat since he took over in September last year.

Poland face the Netherlands on Sunday in their opening game at the Euros and will also play Austria and France in Group D. Turkey take on Georgia on June 18 before playing Portugal and the Czech Republic in Group F.

Game Information
PGE Narodowy
6:45 PM, June 10, 2024
Warsaw, Poland
Line: POL -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 48,677
Referees:
Balazs Berke
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/700703 
 ----- 
