Skip to content
Subscribe Now
24°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Pennsylvania News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Philadelphia Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gasbuddy
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Notre Dame edges Penn State on late field goal in Orange Bowl January 10, 2025 at 12:12 am
SPORTSMLBPHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Zack Wheeler excellent, but Phillies fall again to Nats to seal National League’s 2nd seed
The Phillies Zack Wheeler delivers during the second inning Saturday against the Washington Nationals. The Phillies lost, 6-3, but Wheeler hit 200 innings for the season. (AP Photo/Nick Wass)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 28, 2024 at 8:28 PM EST

By Harvey Valentine

WASHINGTON — The Los Angeles Dodgers clinched home-field advantage throughout the postseason on Saturday when the Phillies lost 6-3 to the Washington Nationals, who got a three-run homer from Joey Gallo in a four-run eighth-inning.

Los Angeles and the Phillies open the Division Series on Oct. 5 against teams that emerge from next week’s Wild Card Series.

“We haven’t played necessarily the best in the last week or so but once that postseason starts, all that’s behind you and it’s about competing in that moment, and I think we’re ready for it,” said Trea Turner, who tied the score 2 with a two-out homer in the eighth inning against Jose A. Ferrer (1-0).

James Wood hit a two-run, opposite-field homer in the sixth off Zack Wheeler, who finished 16-7 with a 2.57 ERA after allowing three hits in 6 1/3 innings while tying his season high with 11 strikeouts. Wheeler struck out 224 in 200 innings.

“That’s Cy Young worthy for me,” manager Rob Thompson said, hopeful Wheeler could win the award.

Wheeler pitched six or more innings and allowed two earned runs or less in each of his last 11 starts.

“The goal these days is to come in and get 200 innings, 200 strikeouts and get some wins,” Wheeler said. “Just try to help the team the best I can. I feel like if I’m doing that then I’m helping the team.”

Washington matched its 2023 total of 71 wins.

Wood tripled leading off the bottom half against Jeff Hoffman (3-3) and scored on Keibert Ruiz’s bloop single. Dylan Crews singled with two outs and Gallo followed with his 10th homer, a drive down the right-field line.

Both benches and bullpens emptied after Bryce Harper struck out ending the eighth and appeared to be yelling with a member of the Nationals as they left the field. Harper had argued with Ruiz during the at-bat, apparently over pitch framing by Washington’s catcher.

“I think he’s a very competitive guy and he showed his emotions right there,” Ruiz said. “He tried to talk to me, like ‘Hey, throw the ball back. You’ve been trying to move the ball. I didn’t see that good. He’s got to do his job. I’ve got to do my job. He don’t have to talk to me like that.”

MacKenzie Gore gave up three hits in six innings and struck out nine — including Kyle Schwarber, Turner and Harper in his final inning this season. Over his last seven starts, the 24-year-old Gore went 3-1 and lowered his ERA from 4.66 to 3.90.

“Here’s a guy who can win 18, 20 games for us,” manager Dave Martinez said. “When he’s in the strike zone, he’s really good. Today, he proved that.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: OF Austin Hays (sore back) was not in the lineup and was being examined in Washington. … OF Johan Rojas (illness) remains in Philadelphia, though he could join the team on Sunday.

UP NEXT

Philadelphia RHP Aaron Nola (13-8, 3.52 ERA), 2-0 with a 0.93 ERA in three starts against Washington this season, opposes RHP Jake Irvin (10-13, 4.22 ERA) in Sunday’s finale.

Originally Published: September 28, 2024 at 8:22 PM EST
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
Las Vegas: Brand New Senior 2-bed Apartments for $150/month - Peek Inside
Senior Living
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
First Signs of Crohn's Disease That Many Females Tend to Ignore
Crohn's Disease Search Ads
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in Las Vegas!
Oil Change
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
YourBump
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason No One Talks About!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment You May Not Believe Exist
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Eye-opening Discovery Awaits You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Heart Surgeon: Anyone Over 45 Should Do This Daily
WellnessGaze Heart
Don't Eat These 10 Dinner Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Easy Belly Fat Removal in Las Vegas - No Surgery Needed! (See Prices)
Fat Removal
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
Banks Offering Las Vegas Homes at Massive Discounts. Don't Miss Out!
Real Estate Sales
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Gum Disease & Tooth Decay Vanish With This Strange Ritual
WellnessGaze Dental
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
10 Foods You Shouldn't Touch if You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Dreams Finder
Neuropathy? When the Nerve Pain Won't Stop, Do This
Wellness Gaze Nuero
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Cold Plunge Philly new chill place to hang out in Havertown
Cold Plunge Philly new chill place to hang out in Havertown
State police corporal from Havertown charged with having porn on work computer
State police corporal from Havertown charged with having porn on work computer
Chester man pleads guilty to assaulting mail carrier
Chester man pleads guilty to assaulting mail carrier
No criminal charges filed against ex-West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
No criminal charges filed against ex-West Chester Rustin principal following police investigation
Chester man charged in head-on collision with Uber on Route 291
Chester man charged in head-on collision with Uber on Route 291
Lower Chi man accused of stabbing woman, kicking her off roof formally arraigned
Lower Chi man accused of stabbing woman, kicking her off roof formally arraigned
Ridley firefighters handle trash compactor fire at Home Depot
Ridley firefighters handle trash compactor fire at Home Depot
Football: The All-Delco Teams
Football: The All-Delco Teams
Today in Delaware County history, Jan. 9
Today in Delaware County history, Jan. 9
Dean, Houlahan and Scanlon vote no on Laken Riley Act addressing undocumented criminals; it passed the House
Dean, Houlahan and Scanlon vote no on Laken Riley Act addressing undocumented criminals; it passed the House
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
Phillies have no plans to pitch prized prospect Painter in spring training
Phillies have no plans to start Andrew Painter in spring training following injury
Phillies add bullpen depth with 1-year deal for Joe Ross
Phillies add depth to bullpen with 1-year deal for right-hander Joe Ross
2024
September
28
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Public Notices
Jobs
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Sitemap
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Patriot Item
The Reporter
The Trentonian
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.delcotimes.com/2024/09/28/dodgers-clinch-home-field-advantage-throughout-postseason-as-phillies-lose-to-nationals-6-3/ 
 ----- 
