 MENU
My Picks
Philadelphia Phillies vs Washington Nationals Prediction MLB Picks 9/28/24
Home  MLB Picks
 David Racey  September 27, 2024 11:19 pm
Washington Nationals (70-90) vs Philadelphia Phillies (94-66)
Game Info: Saturday, September 28, 2024 at 4:05 pm (Nationals Park)
MacKenzie Gore (10-12) (4.21) vs Zack Wheeler (16-7) (2.56)
Betting Odds: Washington Nationals +180 / Philadelphia Phillies -215 --- Over/Under: 7.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: MLB.tv

In this article we will formulate a Philadelphia Phillies vs Washington Nationals prediction for this MLB game on Saturday, September 28th at Nationals Park in Washington, DC. To formulate this prediction for game two in the series, we will examine:

The Phillies recent form and recent player performance 
The Nationals recent form and recent play performance
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Philadelphia 
Recent Betting trends and streaks involving Washington 
Recent betting trends in games played between Philadelphia and Washington 
A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for Today’s Game between Philadelphia and Washington 
Philadelphia Phillies Betting Preview

The Philadelphia Phillies are 94-66 this year and they have alternated wins and losses over their last five games. Philadelphia lost game one in this series and only scored one run in the loss. Prior to this series, the Phillies won two out of three against the Cubs, lost three out of four against the Mets, and lost two out of three against the Brewers. Philadelphia is 3-6 in their last nine games and they have clinched the NL East. 

The Philadelphia pitching staff has a 3.84 ERA, a 1.23 WHIP, and a .243 opponent batting average. The Phillies offense has scored 775 runs with a .258 batting average and a .326 on base percentage. Bryce Harper is batting .286 with 30 home runs and 87 RBI’s for the Phillies this season. 

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers
Washington Nationals Betting Preview

The Washington Nationals are 70-90 this season and they have lost four of their last five games. Washington won game one in this series by a score of 9-1 on Friday night. Prior to this series, the Nationals lost all three against the Royals, lost three out of four against the Cubs, and lost all three against the Mets. Washington is 2-9 in their last 11 games and they are fourth in the NL East. 

The Washington pitching staff has a 4.30 ERA, a 1.33 WHIP, and a .259 opponent batting average. The Nationals offense has scored 651 runs with a .242 batting average and a .308 on base percentage. Luis Garcia is batting .281 with 17 home runs and 68 RBI’s for the Nationals this season.

Starting Pitchers

The projected starting pitcher for Philadelphia is Zack Wheeler, who is 16-7 with a 2.56 ERA and a 0.96 WHIP over 193.2 innings pitched this year. Wheeler has allowed two earned runs or fewer in five straight starts. The projected starting pitcher for Washington is MacKenzie Gore, who is 10-12 with a 4.04 ERA and a 1.45 WHIP over 160.1 innings pitched this season. Gore has allowed two earned runs or fewer in five straight starts. 

Why the Phillies will beat the Nationals
The Phillies have won each of their last six day games against the Nationals following a loss.
The Nationals have lost six of their last seven home games against the Phillies following a home win.
The Phillies have covered the run line in each of their last six day games against the Nationals following a loss.
The Nationals have failed to cover the run line in six of their last seven home games against the Phillies following a home win.
Total Runs Facts
Each of the Nationals' last five day games against National League opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Six of the Phillies' last seven day games against National League opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Phillies' last seven games as road favorites against NL East opponents.
Washington Nationals Player Prop Facts
Joey Gallo has hit a home run in three of his last 10 appearances.
Keibert Ruiz has recorded at least one hit in each of his last seven home appearances.
Keibert Ruiz has recorded at least one total base in each of his last seven appearances at Nationals Park.
Keibert Ruiz has scored a run in six of his last seven appearances in day games against NL East teams that held a winning record.
Keibert Ruiz has recorded at least one RBI in five of his last six appearances with the Nationals as underdogs against the Phillies.
Keibert Ruiz has recorded at least one Single in each of his last five appearances at Nationals Park.
Philadelphia Phillies Player Prop Facts
Bryce Harper has hit at least one home run in three of his last four Saturday day appearances with the Phillies as favorites.
Nick Castellanos has recorded at least one hit in each of the Phillies' last 10 games as favorites against NL opponents.
Zack Wheeler has recorded seven or more strikeouts in seven of his last eight appearances with the Phillies as road favorites.
Zack Wheeler has recorded a win in each of his last six Saturday appearances with the Phillies as favorites.
Nick Castellanos has recorded at least one total base in each of the Phillies' last 10 games as favorites against NL opponents.
J.T. Realmuto has scored at least one run in each of his last six Saturday day appearances against NL East teams that held a losing record.
Alec Bohm has recorded at least one RBI in five of his last six appearances in day games against NL East teams that held a losing record.
J.T. Realmuto has recorded at least one Single in each of his last nine Saturday appearances against NL East teams that held a losing record.
Philadelphia Phillies vs Washington Nationals Prediction 

Philadelphia comes into this matchup after getting blown out in game one of this series and they will look to bounce back here. The Phillies are 40-39 on the road this season, while the Nationals are 37-42 at home. Philadelphia has had some struggles on the road this season, but they will start Zach Wheeler, who has been one of the best pitchers in baseball over the last few weeks. Washington will go with MacKenzie Gore, who has pitched very well recently, but still has an elevated WHIP. Take the Phillies -1.5 here. 

David’s Pick
Phillies -1.5
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: DAVID RACEY
David will find the winners to make you a profit. David uses full season statistics, with an emphasis on recent results, to find the best value. Follow David on Twitter @itsyerboi41

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-28/philadelphia-phillies-vs-washington-nationals-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
