Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things To Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Go and Do Calendar
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Senior Living
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Today’s Ads
Jobs
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
COLUMN: Miguel Cabrera ‘just one of the guys’ who does the extraordinary
Detroit Tiger Miguel Cabrera runs out a double against the Cleveland Guardians in the fifth inning of a game played Friday, Sept. 29, 2023, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
By CHUCK KLONKE | For MediaNews Group
UPDATED: September 30, 2023 at 3:03 PM EDT

Covering sports for a living has its perks.

One is being able to watch and write about some great athletes.

I’ve had the privilege of covering high school standouts like Joe DeLamielleure of Center Line St. Clement, who was dominating the football fields when I started in the business, to current prep athletes like Chippewa Valley sprinter Shamar Heard and Lutheran North golfer Lauren Timpf. Both are headed to Division 1 colleges when they graduate.

I’ve covered Heisman Trophy winners Desmond Howard and Charles Woodson, professional Hall of Famers Alan Trammell, Jack Morris, Al Kaline, Barry Sanders, Calvin Johnson, Isiah Thomas, Ben Wallace, Steve Yzerman, Nick Lidstrom, Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer.

For the last 16 years my work with Major League Baseball has given me a front row seat to watch future Hall of Famer Miguel Cabrera.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

I’ll always remember the day the Tigers got him in a trade with the then Florida Marlins. My first thought was how did (General Manager Dave) Dombrowski ever pull that off? Sure, he gave up two top-level prospects in Andrew Miller and Cameron Maybin, but that’s what they were — prospects. Cabrera was already a young superstar.

Miller and Maybin went on to productive Major League careers, but nothing like Cabrera’s. He and Albert Pujols are the best right-handed hitters of this century. Cabrera ranks with Hank Greenberg and Harry Heilmann as the best hitters from the right side in Tigers’ history.

I never saw Greenberg or Heilmann, although I’m sure some folks think I did. Miggy is the best I’ve seen.

Someone asked me recently how many of Cabrera’s hits I was the official scorer for. That’s a good question. I know it was a lot, probably close to 1,000.

The other day I asked Carlos Guillen, the bilingual coordinator in the Tigers’ media relations department, for some observations on Cabrera as Miggy’s career grinds to a halt this weekend.

Guillen has become a close friend of Cabrera’s. He’s probably the person who knows him best outside of his family and teammates.

“He can go 5-for-5 and have 10 RBI and if the team doesn’t win, he’s not happy,” Guillen said. “His mojo is to try to do anything he can to help the team win. He might not get a hit, but if he hits a sacrifice fly to drive in the winning run, he’s happy. Winning is what drives him, not statistics.”

I’ve noticed that myself. As an official scorer you quickly learn that if there’s a close call, hitters think it should be a hit, pitchers think it’s an error. MLB has a process where players can ask for a review by a panel of former players and managers. I’m sure Cabrera hasn’t agreed with all of my calls, but up to now, he’s never sent one in for review.

Guillen said that Cabrera is popular among his teammates.

“That’s because he doesn’t act like a superstar,” Guillen said. “In the clubhouse he’s just one of the guys. He’s always willing to answer questions and help whenever he can. Some players with his accomplishments can’t be troubled.

“He might not always like the music that’s playing in the clubhouse, but if the other players like it, he won’t change it.”

The last few years, injuries have taken a toll on Cabrera. He can’t generate the power he once had because of his bad knees and he won’t leg out many infield hits, but he’s still dangerous with a bat in his hand despite being in nearly constant pain.

“People don’t know what he goes through just to get ready to play a game,” Guillen said.

This season has been a celebration for Cabrera. He gets a standing ovation from the Comerica Park fans every time he steps to the plate. I’ve noticed that it’s the same way on the road. You can tell he’s embarrassed by all the attention, but fans appreciate what he’s accomplished and want to let him know.

I have some favorite memories of Cabrera. One is his good-natured banter with opposing players at first base and with the fans in the stands.

I’ll never forget the game-winning homer he hit off Hall of Fame reliever Mariano Rivera at Yankee Stadium a few years ago. The TV cameras captured Rivera’s reaction. You could read his lips saying “Wow!”

That’s a reaction many people share. Cabrera’s feats, like his power to all fields when he was in his prime, bordered on the amazing.

For years, when Cabrera would come to bat with the game on the line, you’d expect him to deliver. More often than not, he did.

I’m hoping on Sunday I get a chance to write one more Cabrera hit in my scorebook. And in five years I’ll put a check beside his name on my Hall of Fame ballot.

Originally Published: September 30, 2023 at 2:30 PM EDT
Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Council Bluffs: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
The Bra Designed by a 70-year-old Grandma is Sweeping Iowa!
Dotmalls
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Discover The Breakthrough Seniors Use to Defeat Neuropathy
2025 Neuropathy Guide
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
Surgeon: Easy Method Relieves Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) - Stop Doing This
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
The First Signals of Macular Degeneration (Write These Down)
Macular Degeneration
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Council Bluffs: Cataract Surgeons That May Be Worth a Visit!
Cataract Surgery
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Nail Fungus? Do This Immediately (Watch How)
WellnessGaze Derma
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
Signals of Crohn`s Disease You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do! (See Here)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Neuropathy? Your Nervous System Can Be Restored, Even if You're Over 50
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Hair Loss is Not From Age or Genetics: Meet the Main Enemy
WG Hair Restore
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
Md: This Gut Worm is Harming Your Stomach. Do This to Remove It
WellnessGaze News
If You Can't Sleep (Insomnia) - Do This Next Time You Sleep
WG Sleep Health
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
High Blood Sugar: Do This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Belly Fat Removal Without Surgery in Council Bluffs! (See the Prices)
Fat Removal
Anyone With Vertigo Dizziness Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Early Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia and How to Treat It (See Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Macy's to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Mother of missing Warren woman believes her daughter is deceased
Mother of missing Warren woman believes her daughter is deceased
Woman accused of biting police officer after fatal crash now charged with murder
Woman accused of biting police officer after fatal crash now charged with murder
Former Fraser city employee repays all $90,000 she stole
Former Fraser city employee repays all $90,000 she stole
New retail center slated for old St. Mary’s property in St. Clair Shores
New retail center slated for old St. Mary’s property in St. Clair Shores
Raising Cane’s fast-food eatery eyes vacant space on Hall Road
Raising Cane's fast-food eatery eyes vacant space on Hall Road
Former Shelby Twp. priest receives same sentence for molesting teen
Former Shelby Twp. priest receives same sentence for molesting teen
Battle of brothers goes South Lake’s way in MAC Silver win over Eastpointe
Battle of brothers goes South Lake's way in MAC Silver win over Eastpointe
Macomb animal cruelty suspect exam pushed back again
Macomb animal cruelty suspect exam pushed back again
UPDATE: Homeless man found inside 7-Eleven didn’t freeze to death, family says
UPDATE: Homeless man found inside 7-Eleven didn't freeze to death, family says
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
30
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
e-Edition
Sign Up For Newsletters
IOS app
Android app
CLASSIFIEDS
Real Estate
Jobs
Autos
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Share Your News
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Daily Tribune
Oakland Press
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.macombdaily.com/2023/09/30/column-miguel-cabrera-just-one-of-the-guys-who-does-the-extraordinary/ 
 ----- 
