Skip to content
Subscribe Now
22°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Cabrera leads Tigers over Guardians 8-0 following pregame retirement celebration
Detroit Tigers’ Zach McKinstry celebrates scoring against the Cleveland Guardians in the sixth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 30, 2023, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: September 30, 2023 at 7:10 PM EDT

DETROIT — Miguel Cabrera followed a pregame retirement celebration by scoring the first run and driving in another, helping the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Guardians 8-0 on Saturday to clinch second place in the AL Central.

The start of the game was delayed 33 minutes by the retirement celebration of Cabrera, the 40-year-old, 12-time All-Star who is playing his 21st and last big league season.

Cabrera went 1 for 4 with a double and is batting .260 with four homers and 34 RBIs. The 2012 AL Triple Crown winner plays his finale on Sunday, the same day Cleveland’s Terry Francona manages his final game.

Detroit (77-84) moved one game ahead of Cleveland (76-85). The Tigers are 8-4 against the Guardians this season and hold the tiebreaker should they finish with the same record.

“We feel good about the way we are finishing,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said. “We’re playing hard, we’re playing smart and we’re finishing games. That gives me hope.”

Cabrera led off the fourth with his third double and fourth hit in two days, then thrilled the sellout crowd of 40,224 by taking third on Kerry Carpenter’s lineout to right field.

“Nothing he does surprises us. Eeven the young guys have stories of him making plays like that,” Hinch said. “It’s smart baseball and he knows that. It’s just a matter of his body getting there and staying in one piece.

“When he got to third, he looked into the dugout to see if I was going to give him the ‘go on contact’ sign. No, for obvious reasons.”

Cabrera scored on Matt Vierling’s triple off Tristan McKenzie (0-3). who gave up one run, three hits and three walks in 4 1/3 innings.

“I thought his command was in and out, but when I got to the mound and asked him how his arm was, he said ‘good’,” Francona said. “That’s a huge step for him and now he can go home and get ready for what everyone hopes is a good, long, solid year.”

Akil Baddoo hit a two-run triple in the sixth against Eli Morgan. Cabrera added a sacrifice fly in a five-run seventh that included two-run singles by Andy Ibañez and Carson Kelly.

“Being here for Miggy’s last weekend has been awesome,” rookie Parker Meadows said. “I’m soaking it all in, just like all of these fans.”

Beau Brieske (2-3), the third of seven Tigers pitchers, allowed one hit over 2 1/3 innings as Detroit pitched its ninth shutout. Cleveland was blanked for the 13th time.

“They did a good job of mixing and matching,” Francona said. “They brought guys in and got them out before we could beat up on them.”

UP NEXT

Cleveland RHP Lucas Giolito (8-14, 4.77) faces Tigers ace LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (12-9, 3.40), who may be pitching his final game for Detroit. Rodriguez can opt out of his contract’s final three seasons to become a free agent, giving up $49 million in guaranteed salary.

— Dave Hogg, The Associated Press

Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Health Care Clues
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
The Bra Designed by a 70-year-old Grandma is Sweeping Iowa!
Dotmalls
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Look for Any High School Yearbook, It's Free!
Classmates
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Council Bluffs: New Built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $250/month - Take a Look Inside
SeniorLiving2
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
10 Foods You Should Never Eat at Dinner
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
15 Foods You Must Avoid for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
What Causes Tnbc (Find out More!)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Hair Loss is Not From Age or Genetics: Meet the Main Enemy
WG Hair Restore
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
Arthritis or Joint Pain: Doctor Says Do This Immediately (Each Morning)
Health News | Joint Pain
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See the List!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
Pontiac brothers in custody, accused of attempted murder
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
September
30
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/09/30/cabrera-leads-tigers-over-guardians-8-0-following-pregame-retirement-celebration/ 
 ----- 
