Skip to content
WINDSOR AND DETROIT AREA SPORTS

SUBMIT YOUR SPORTS RELATED EVENTS HERE

« All Events

This event has passed.
Miggy Celebration Weekend – Friday September 29 2023
September 29, 2023 @ 6:40 pm - 10:00 pm EDT
Facebook
X
Threads
Pinterest
Tigers Fans to Salute Legendary Miguel Cabrera One Final Time for “Miggy Celebration Weekend”  

The Detroit Tigers and the best fans in baseball will celebrate, salute and thank Miguel Cabrera – one of the greatest hitters in MLB history, a future Hall-of-Famer and Detroit sports icon – for “Miggy Celebration Weekend” presented by Bally Sports +, from Friday, Sept. 29 – Sunday, Oct. 1 at Comerica Park.  The Tigers will host the Cleveland Guardians for the final home series of the 2023 season.

“We’re looking forward to celebrating Miguel Cabrera’s legendary career with Miggy and his family and Tigers fans this weekend,” said Ryan Gustafson, Executive Vice President & Chief Operating Officer of Ilitch Sports + Entertainment. “Our fans are savoring every last moment to watch one of the greatest players in MLB history take the field, and it will be an emotional weekend at Comerica. We encourage fans to arrive early to be a part of history, as we thank Miggy for his impact on our organization, the game of baseball, and our city.”

Friday, Sept. 29 – First pitch is 6:40 p.m.

“Friday Night Party in the Park,” Roberto Clemente Award pregame ceremony, postgame Drone Show

All fans receive a unique, one-of-a-kind Miggy Comic Book Cover presented by Comerica.

Upon entering the ballpark for Friday’s series opener, fans are encouraged to visit the Comerica Landing for this season’s final “Friday Night Party in the Park” presented by Casamigos Tequila.

During a pregame ceremony, Cabrera will be honored as the Tigers’ 2023 nominee for the Roberto Clemente Award, given annually to the MLB player who best represents the game of baseball through extraordinary character, community involvement, philanthropy and positive contributions.

Tigers fans can vote for Cabrera to win the prestigious Roberto Clemente Award here: https://www.mlb.com/community/roberto-clemente-award

The Detroit Youth Choir, which finished as the runner-up in 2019 on Season 14 of “America’s Got Talent,” will perform the National Anthem. 

Fans are encouraged to stay in their seats following the conclusion of Friday’s game for a spectacular Drone Show presented by Meijer, and the last “Friday Night Fireworks” of the 2023 season.

 A Weekend of Celebrations at Comerica Park

For all three games, Tigers fans will have the opportunity to celebrate Cabrera’s career through several Miggy-themed offerings.

Concourse activations
Live bands will perform in the Comerica Big Cat Court starting when gates open.
Under the Comerica Landing, a “Miggy Museum” with game-used memorabilia from Cabrera’s career will be on display. Bally Sports Detroit will have a “360 Cam” on the Comerica Landing.
Exclusive merchandise in partnership with SANA Detroit available in pop-up at Section 101.
Miggy-branded chains available at all “Big League Grill” and at market locations (Green Dot Stables, Taqueria El Rey, Blue Moon Bistro).
Food and beverage specials
Delicious food offerings from El Rey las Arepas near Section 116. Fans can also enjoy the El Rey pop-up experience at 44 Columbia Street in The District Detroit.
The Tigers, Cabrera and Atwater Brewery have partnered to create a “Miggy 3000” craft beer, which will be sold at the Michigan Craft location near Section 101.
Triple Crown Smash cocktails available throughout the concourse, and a champagne flute will be sold near Section 117 with options for mimosas. A special-themed drink will also be available purchase near the Comerica Entry.
Commemorative souvenir soda cups at concourse locations where fountain drinks are sold.
Specialty sliders and hot dogs celebrating Cabrera’s heritage will be sold at the Green Dot Stables market location and at a hot dog cart on the concourse.
 Commemorative merchandise and retail items

Cabrera-themed items will be sold at The D Shop and concourse retail locations

¡Gracias, Miggy! baseballs, full-size bats, decals, magnets, mugs, patches, pennants, pins, shirts
Miggy-themed youth and adult T-shirts, hoodies and sweatshirts
Career milestone jersey patches
 ADD TO CALENDAR 
DETAILS
DATE: SEPTEMBER 29, 2023 TIME: 
6:40 PM - 10:00 PM EDT
 EVENT CATEGORY: DETROIT TIGERS EVENT TAGS:EVENTS
VENUE
COMERICA PARK 
2100 WOODWARD AVE
DETROIT, MI 48201 UNITED STATES
 PHONE (313) 962-4000 
VIEW VENUE WEBSITE
 Thursday Night Football Week 4 2023
Miggy Celebration Weekend – Saturday September 30 2023 

Dates, times, opponents, games and events are subject to change. Please contact event organizers to confirm the latest information.

Coupon code. Enter IPM2018 at checkout to save 10% on your next SISU Mouthguard!
LATEST NEWS
Windsor Essex High School Scores – December 20, 2024
Windsor Essex High School Scores – December 19, 2024
Three Local Charities Benefit from First Responder Golf Classic
WINDSOR SPITFIRES TICKETS GIVEAWAY
Windsor Essex High School Scores – December 18, 2024
Upcoming Events
Dec 21
1:00 pm - 7:30 pm EST
Saturday Night Football Week 16
Dec 22
1:00 pm - 11:00 pm EST
NFL Schedule Week 16
Dec 23
8:15 pm - 11:00 pm EST
Monday Night Football Week 16
Feb 8
8:00 pm - 10:30 pm EST
COLLEGE HOCKEY RETURNS THE ANNUAL “DUEL IN THE D”
Sep 14
7:00 am - 12:00 pm EDT
Ground Effects Windsor Waterfront Half Marathon & 5k
View Calendar
SEATING CHARTS

Lions Seating Chart
Pistons Seating Chart
Red Wings Seating Chart
Tigers Seating Chart
Express Seating Chart
Spitfires Seating Chart

In Play! magazine specializes in hyper local sports coverage of Windsor, Ontario and Detroit, Michigan. In Play! magazine 2024 ©. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://inplaymagazine.com/events/miggy-celebration-weekend-friday-september-29-2023/ 
 ----- 
