Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
FALL CULTURE PREVIEW
She expanded consciousness with her exuberant use of colour. A bold new AGO show spotlights an underrated artist’s singular career

Our art critic on what makes the gallery’s new showcase on the work of Pacita Abad unmissable, plus five other recommended fall exhibitions.

Updated Oct. 6, 2024 at 1:07 a.m.
Sept. 2, 2024
4 min read
Save

“Pacita Abad,” an exhibition celebrating the work of the Filipino-American artist,  opens Oct. 9 at the Art Gallery of Ontario. Abad’s canvases are shown top left, centre and top right.

toronto star photo illustration
By Brandon Kaufman Special to the Star

The AGO’s retrospective of Pacita Abad — a standout show of the fall art season in Toronto — is the first major retrospective dedicated to the Filipino-American artist’s singular 32-year career. 

Abad, who died in 2004 at age 58, had a practice that spanned a variety of media. She’s best known for “trapunto paintings,” named for a 14th-century Italian quilting technique. She explained her innovative method in a 1991 interview: “I paint, using either oil or acrylic, on canvas and then collage. This top layer carries the design. To this I add a backing cloth and stuff polyester filling in between. These two layers are then joined with running stitches.”

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW
Related Stories
10 Toronto theatre and opera productions our critic is most excited to see this fall
Toronto concert calendar: The 24 shows we’re most excited to see this fall
‘Burn Baby, Burn’: How Canadian ballet icon Guillaume Côté is confronting climate change through dance
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
2 days ago
FEDERAL POLITICS
India alleges widespread trafficking of international students through Canada to U.S.
3 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
Laneway housing has finally popped up in Toronto’s tony Rosedale. Will there be more to come?
1 hr ago
GTA
‘We’re reaping what we’re sowing’: Why more young Torontonians are being charged with homicide and gun crimes
3 hrs ago
CANADA
Emergency exit or dead end? How vulnerable migrant workers in Canada are being failed by an open-permit program
1 hr ago
BUSINESS
Experts sound the alarm on credit report errors amid rising personal insolvency filings
2 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Trump’s tariff threat could drive interest rates even lower in 2025, economists predict
2 hrs ago
ALBERTA
Multi-vehicle crash in Calgary kills nine-year-old child on Boxing Day: police
1 hr ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Entertainment
TELEVISION
Netflix’s ‘Missing You’ lands in time for New Year binge watch
Article was updated 11 mins ago
Comments
MUSIC
Q&A: Avicii documentary director on celebrating the late DJ without exploiting his death
Article was updated 43 mins ago
Comments
MOVIES
OPINION
Bob Dylan’s enduring appeal: ‘A Complete Unknown’ takes on the man, the myth, the legend — and mostly succeeds
6 hrs ago
Comments
TELEVISION
What to stream in Canada this weekend: ‘Squid Game’ returns, the Harlan Coben mystery ‘Missing You’ and Yvonne Strahovski in ‘Teacup’
19 hrs ago
Comments
MUSIC
Bad Bunny announces a new album, ‘Debí Tirar Más Fotos’
20 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
FEDERAL POLITICS
We asked 152 Liberal MPs whether Justin Trudeau should resign. Here’s what we heard back
CANADA
Canada is cracking down on ‘flagpoling’ at the border. What is it?
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/entertainment/visual-arts/she-expanded-consciousness-with-her-exuberant-use-of-colour-a-bold-new-ago-show-spotlights/article_ebf42644-63fb-11ef-b6a9-c7f0f0870f1c.html 
 ----- 
