    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 1, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Bizarre South Africa-Zimbabwe match ends as no-result
SPORTS
Bizarre South Africa-Zimbabwe match ends as no-result
October 24, 2022 0
Regis Chakabva understandably looks happier than Quinton de Kock as they walk off one last time (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)

A frantic Super 12s encounter between South Africa and Zimbabwe in the Men’s T20 World Cup ended in bizarre fashion when the match was finally abandoned because of rain.

After persistent yet light rain in Hobart reduced the game to nine overs a side, Zimbabwe made 79-5, with Wesley Madhevere smashing an unbeaten 35 off 18 balls.

Quinton de Kock smacked 23 off the first over of the reply, before a short delay a ball later, with South Africa’s target then reduced to 64 off seven overs, but heavier rain returned.

Click to view full scoreboard

Umpires Ahsan Raza and Michael Gough allowed play to continue initially, but pace bowler Richard Ngarava slipped and injured his thigh in his follow through, with Zimbabwe opting to bowl only spin to protect their seamers.

Wicketkeeper Regis Chakabva also slipped as he moved down the leg-side, prompting spinner Sikandar Raza to say: “We may as well bowl underarm or we won’t have 11 players for the next game.”

With South Africa on 51-0 off three overs, spinner Sean Williams was set to bowl, but put his arm out in protest. The umpires then decided to take the players off and subsequently end the match.

South Africa had reached the total they would have needed off the minimum five overs required to constitute a game in T20 cricket.

But without the game able to be reduced by two more overs, the target was not revised further and they had to settle for a no result, with each side awarded one point.

The Proteas next play Bangladesh on Thursday, while Zimbabwe play Pakistan.

A bad look for cricket

Cricket spectators and media can often be critical of umpires for taking too long during rain delays and being overly cautious.

Gough and Raza should be praised for attempting to see the game through to a result, but the ending was not a good look for cricket, with the safety of players appearing to be compromised.

The forecast was for rain throughout the evening, and to have 12 overs of play – enough to constitute a game if split equally – but not get a result is frustrating.

The rain was at its heaviest when Ngarava slipped, and the fact play continued for another over, following several minutes of treatment to the stricken bowler, was scarcely believable.

South Africa will feel hard done by as they were cruising in the chase, with De Kock hitting a blistering unbeaten 47 off 18 balls, but Zimbabwe would have rightly felt aggrieved too if the game had been played to a conclusion.

Zimbabwe head coach Dave Houghton said: “I understand the need to try and get these games on for the public and TV people and to play in slightly inclement weather to try and get a result, but I felt we overstepped that mark.

“I don’t think we should have even bowled a ball to be honest, but the umpires are the guys making the decisions out in the middle and they seemed to think it was fit to play. We disagree with them, but there is not much I can do off the field.

“The rain got so heavy at one stage it was ridiculous. For most of the evening it was misty mizzle, but it got to the stage where you could hear it thumping on the rooftop of the dugout. That’s time to get off the field.” (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Use Diwali to rid yourself of negative thoughts, energies – Guyana Hindu Dharmic Sabha
Next article
Taskin takes four as Bangladesh defeat Netherlands
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
NSC throws support behind LSU-bound track star Malachi Austin
Sports
Family the driving force behind Sherfane Rutherford
Sports
Down to four! One Guyana Futsal enters business end on January 1
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Human Services Ministry expands support for seniors
Editor - December 31, 2024
Human Services Ministry highlights milestones in childcare assistance initiatives
Editor - December 31, 2024
Paper immigration forms to be abolished by end of January – President announces
Editor - December 31, 2024
‘Proactive work being done’ – President says murder, other crime rates down
Editor - December 31, 2024
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
October 2022
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2
3	4	5	6	7	8	9
10	11	12	13	14	15	16
17	18	19	20	21	22	23
24	25	26	27	28	29	30
31	 
« Sep   Nov »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
News Room asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2022/10/24/bizarre-south-africa-zimbabwe-match-ends-as-no-result/ 
 ----- 
