NBA
New York Knicks
Tom Thibodeau hits Knicks with eye-opening take after frustrating loss to Pacers

Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau addresses some of his team's issues after a loss to the Pacers.

By 

Michael Aaron Gomez

Nov 11, 2024 at 12:53 AM ET

The New York Knicks have fallen to 4-5 after taking a loss to the Indiana Pacers, 132-121, as Tyrese Haliburton and Bennedict Mathurin combined for 73 points, as Mathurin scored a career-high 38. Moreover, the Pacers clawed back from a ten-point deficit and outscored New York 40-27 in the final period, hitting 8-13 threes. After the game, Knicks coach Tom Thibodeau commented on their loss to the Pacers, describing what they need to fix during an up-and-down season.

“We gave up way too much,” Thibodeau said, via New York Basketball on X, formerly Twitter. “If you don't challenge shots, they're gonna make… Didn't cover the line. We gotta fix it, and we gotta fix it fast.”

Then, he stressed the need for defense again. After all, Thibodeau was the defensive mastermind who helped the Boston Celtics win the NBA championship in 2008.

“We have to be strong on both sides of the ball,” he added. “If we're just gonna rely on offense, we're not gonna be a good team.”

New York Basketball
@NBA_NewYork
·
Follow

Thibs:

"We gave up way too much. If you don't challenge shots, they're gonna make…Didn't cover the line. We gotta fix it, and we gotta fix it fast"

"We have to be strong on both sides of the ball. If we're just gonna rely on offense, we're not gonna be a good team"

Watch on Twitter
1:10 AM · Nov 11, 2024
308
Reply
Copy link
Read 63 replies
Expand Tweet
Knicks lose to Pacers, go 4-5
© Brad Penner-Imagn Images

Meanwhile, new trade acquisition Karl-Anthony Towns expressed disappointment at the way the Knicks lost to the Pacers, echoing Tom Thibodeau's comments.

“Last year was a year where I had tremendous amount of experience garnered going into the Western Conference Finals,” Towns said, via Stefan Bondy for the New York Post.

Related New York Knicks News
Article continues below
Former coach Pat Riley recalls coaching ‘real men’ during his Knicks days
5h
Knicks fans throw punches in Madison Square Garden brawl
8h
Knicks’ Josh Hart reveals ref’s message about earning so many technical fouls
10h
Knicks’ Karl-Anthony Towns brings hammer down on Tom Thibodeau minutes critics
12h

Towns also mentioned the effect of early season losses on possible playoff seedings.

“I know when we were in Game 80, 81, 82 against the Suns, we looked back at those Game 1, Game 4, you looked back at the ones you give away that put you in a better position whether it's No. 1 seed, No. 2 seed, No. 3 seed, or gives us a chance to choose our destiny,” Towns continued.

Offensively, the Knicks field one of the best starting lineups in the league, though against the Pacers, their other trade acquisition Mikal Bridges had a stinker, finishing with eight points in a whopping 42 minutes.

The other starters Josh Hart and Jalen Brunson played 43 and 41 minutes, respectively, but overextending their starters this early, with a relatively thin bench, will surely affect the Knicks once they start making a playoff push.

Still, a heavily shortened rotation–whether in a meaningless game in December or Game 7–is a Tom Thibodeau special, and it showed its effects against the Pacers.

The Pacers simply outgunned them in the final period, and the Knicks didn't have enough legs to make another run or play solid defense. What's worse was that the Pacers were also missing three of their top players.

Andrew Nembhard is out with a sore left knee, while Aaron Nesmith won't play until December with a sprained left ankle. Additionally, Obi Toppin is out with a sprained ankle, as well.

Michael Aaron Gomez is a creative writer and longtime NBA fan. He has been a fan of the Lakers since the three-peat but believes LeBron James is the greatest player of all time.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
2 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
22 hours ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
2 days ago
NBA rumors: Lakers, Nuggets among teams Bradley Beal would waive no-trade clause for
3 days ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
2 days ago
3 best D’Angelo Russell destinations if Nets move on after Lakers trade
2 days ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
1 day ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
2 days ago
Tom Thibodeau
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/knicks-news-tom-thibodeau-eye-opening-take-after-frustrating-loss-pacers 
 ----- 
