NFL
NCAA FB
NBA
MLB
NCAA BB
NCAA WBB
Golf
Soccer
NHL
WNBA
MMA
Champions League
WWE
Boxing
NASCAR
Motor Sports
NWSL
UFL
Tennis
BIG3
High School
Horse Racing
Olympics
Podcasts
Shop
Promotions
PBR
PVF
3ICE
Stubhub
Play Golf
NBA News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Stats
Expert Picks
Odds
Video
Mock Drafts
Injuries
Transactions
Prospect Rankings
Players
Power Rankings
NBA Betting
NBA Shop
Stubhub
NBA Standings Top 100 Power Rankings Prospect Rankings
Bucks waste yet another Giannis Antetokounmpo masterpiece vs. Celtics thanks to his lackluster supporting cast
By Sam Quinn 
Nov 10, 2024 at 7:40 pm ET
•
4 min read
Getty Images

If you just looked at Giannis Antetokounmpo's stats in a vacuum, you'd assume he was well on his way to a third MVP season. He entered Sunday averaging more points (30.1) on a higher field goal percentage (60.5) than he had in either of his first two MVP seasons. And while his 12.8 rebounds and 5.3 assists don't beat his MVP paces, they're not exactly far off. 

The Milwaukee Bucks have arguably the best basketball player in the world. They've also lost eight of their first 10 games.

Sunday painted a pretty clear picture of how exactly those two sentences can coexist. Antetokounmpo was, once again, brilliant. He put up 43 points, 13 rebounds and five assists against the Boston Celtics, but Milwaukee lost 113-107. Milwaukee's four other starters, Damian Lillard, Brook Lopez, Taurean Prince and Andre Jackson, combined to make half as many field goals (9) as Antetokounmpo (18). He topped 40 points. No other Buck reached 20.

Take a look through Milwaukee's game logs and you'll see plenty of somewhat similar nights. In the Bucks' first loss against Chicago, Antetokounmpo and Lillard combined to score more than 62% of their points. Nobody else reached a dozen. How about his 34-point, 16-rebound, nine-assist masterpiece against the Cavaliers? He and Lillard combined for 75. Their teammates scored 38. 

Lillard is often the outlier here, but not nearly as reliably as he needs to be. His performance of just four points on 1-of-12 shooting against the Grizzlies went a long way toward costing Antetokounmpo a victory in game in which he made 17 of his 22 shots. In Sunday's loss, Boston hunted Lillard relentlessly in the pick-and-roll. They were far from the first team to do so. Milwaukee's defense allows 12.9 points per 100 possessions fewer when he is on the bench.

Those defensive woes were predictable and Lillard was far from the only culprit. There's a much bigger and simpler problem here than any specific flaw. Antetokounmpo is an MVP-caliber player most of the time. Lillard, as was the case a year ago, vacillates between his former All-NBA form and something significantly weaker seemingly at random. As for the rest of the Bucks? Well, Milwaukee just doesn't have many good players. They are, thus far, operating at an enormous talent deficit.

Bleacher Report's Andy Bailey frequently aggregates the combined rankings for every NBA player among six of the most common catch-all advanced metrics (BPM, VORP, EPM, LEBRON, Game Score per minute and Total Game score) and then lists a team's players by the average of their league-wide ranks. By these metrics, the Bucks have two players who rank in the top 10 thus far this season, Antetokounmpo at No. 5 and Lillard at No. 10. They have no other players in the top 100. A.J. Green is next at No. 116, but he plays only around 14 minutes per game. To find another Bucks player, you have to go all the way down to No. 193, Brook Lopez. Everyone else is in the 200s.

You can solve specific roster issues. If your problem is defense, you can tinker with lineups and schemes and at least optimize what you have. But fixing a talent problem is much trickier. It usually requires someone else's cooperation on the trade market. The Bucks are reportedly doing their best on that front, but are running into compliance issues as much as value negotiations.

ESPN's Brian Windhorst summed it up well on NBA Today on Friday: "I talked to one team who said, 'yeah, we talked to the Bucks, we came up with like two or three different scenarios, and we realized we're not allowed to make any of those trades.' The Bucks are hemmed in as a second-apron team." 

Because of that second apron, the Bucks can neither aggregate salaries for the purpose of a trade nor take in more money than they send out. They don't own any first-round picks until 2031. With how limited the value of most of their players is, it's hard to imagine them trading many of them for something notable. Windhorst, unsurprisingly, did not "think help is on the way."

Those financial constraints made improving the roster this offseason nearly impossible. The Bucks drew plaudits for signing Taurean Prince, Gary Trent Jr. and Delon Wright to minimum-salary deals this offseason. You could argue that all three were worth more than the minimum, but they still signed for the minimum for a reason. Even if they create surplus value on top of it, these are not game-changing players. Lopez is 36 and finally starting to show meaningful signs of decline, especially on defense. He led the league in contested shots in five of the past six seasons. At his peak, he was contesting 19.3 of them per game. This season? He's down to 11.7, according to NBA.com tracking data. And to make matters worse, Khris Middleton hasn't played yet after missing 76 games in the past two seasons.

The NBA is deeper than it's ever been. Look at the teams who have outperformed expectations thus far this season. The 7-2 Golden State Warriors have notably used 11- and 12-man rotations. The undefeated Cleveland Cavaliers kept all four of their core players despite calls for an offseason breakup designed to emphasize fit. Instead, they've improved on the wings and perimeter by developing players internally (Dean Wade, Isaac Okoro, Sam Merrill) and finding gems on the margins (Ty Jerome, Caris LeVert).

The Bucks tried to build a top-heavy roster when they landed Lillard. For that plan to work, they needed Lillard to be consistently great and both Lopez and Middleton to be consistently good and available. None of that has happened thus far, and it has made life that much harder for Milwaukee's less-talented supporting cast. 

Put all of that together and it doesn't matter how dominant Antetokounmpo looks. The Bucks won't be able to put a serious contender around him.

Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip Code) 
FINANCEBUZZSPONSORED BY
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
ARTHROZENESPONSORED BY
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
COMBAT SIEGESPONSORED BY
Play Now
South Carolina Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if You Live in These Zip Codes
FINANCEBUZZSPONSORED BY
Learn More
Cinnamon recipe to lower blood sugar overnight (try it today)
BETTER HEALTH NEWSSPONSORED BY
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Address (Take a Look)
INSTANT HOME VALUE LOOKUPSPONSORED BY
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
DEXCOMSPONSORED BY
MLB arbitration: Dylan Cease, Garrett Crochet, Tarik Skubal, Zac Gallen among those to earn big raises
CBSSports.com
Didier Deschamps confirms that 2026 World Cup will be his last as France national team boss
CBSSports.com
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABSSPONSORED BY
Why do you have a mouse?
COMBAT SIEGESPONSORED BY
Play Now
Cinnamon can normalize your blood sugar! (Learn how)
BETTER HEALTH NEWSSPONSORED BY
Deion Sanders willing to take NFL head-coaching job under one condition: Ranking three potential landing spots
CBSSports.com
MLB arbitration: Vladimir Guerrero Jr., Garrett Crochet, Tarik Skubal among those to earn big raises
CBSSports.com
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
DEXCOMSPONSORED BY
Click Here
Our Latest NBA Stories
76ers' McCain ruled out for remainder of season
JASMYN WIMBISH • 1 MIN READ
Warriors' Kerr says childhood home burned in wildfires
JAMES HERBERT • 2 MIN READ
Timberwolves vs. Magic odds, NBA picks, best bets
CBS SPORTS STAFF • 3 MIN READ
Report: Magic's Banchero (oblique) to return Friday
JASMYN WIMBISH • 2 MIN READ
How Cavs exploited Thunder's defense in statement win
SAM QUINN • 7 MIN READ
Hornets-Lakers game postponed due to wildfires in L.A.
JAMES HERBERT • 1 MIN READ
More
Pick'em Games
Fantasy Sports
Free Sports TV
Betting Analysis
March Madness
Mobile Apps
Company
About Us
Careers
About Paramount
Paramount+
Regulation
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Closed Captioning
California Notice
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
Help
Customer Care
Social Media
YouTube
TikTok
Instagram
Facebook
X
Threads
Flipboard
Account
Manage My Account
Newsletters
My Teams
Wallet
Forgot Password

© 2004-2024 CBS Interactive. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.

CBS Sports is a registered trademark of CBS Broadcasting Inc. Commissioner.com is a registered trademark of CBS Interactive Inc.

The content on this site is for entertainment purposes only and CBS Sports makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy of the information given or the outcome of any game or event. There is no gambling offered on this site. This site contains commercial content and CBS Sports may be compensated for the links provided on this site.

Images by Getty Images and Imagn
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbssports.com/nba/news/bucks-waste-yet-another-giannis-antetokounmpo-masterpiece-vs-celtics-thanks-to-his-lackluster-supporting-cast/ 
 ----- 
