Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Something special is brewing': Guards show magic is back with walk-off in extras
Share
'Something special is brewing': Guards show magic is back with walk-off in extras
September 19th, 2024

Mandy Bell

@MandyBell02
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

CLEVELAND -- The Guardians' magic is back.

Comeback wins were a hot commodity for the Guardians in the first few months of the season. If the team trailed in the seventh inning, the dugout knew the magic was about to happen. But the second half of the season has been a different story … until this week.

Two nights ago, it was a Kyle Manzardo go-ahead homer in the eighth. On Wednesday night, it was a two-homer night by Josh Naylor that led to 5-4 victory over the Twins on a Brayan Rocchio walk-off single in the 10th inning at Progressive Field.

Complete coverage: Guardians’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

“We're not going to stop playing until that 27th out or even into extra innings,” Guardians outfielder Will Brennan said. “There's just kind of this hunger that we want to prove a lot of people wrong and it's just a lot of fun to be in that clubhouse. Something special is brewing in there."

Because the Tigers defeated the Royals, the Guardians couldn’t clinch their playoff spot after the win. However, if Cleveland wins on Thursday, it will clinch a postseason berth.

On a night when Twins starter Bailey Ober was mowing every hitter down, Naylor rose to the occasion to keep the Guardians in the fight. He launched game-tying homers in the second and the seventh innings, the first of which was a Statcast-projected, 445-foot bomb into the right field seats. It marked his 30th and 31st homers of the season.

Related
Guardians avoid arb, lock up Kwan and Thomas for 2025

January 9th, 2025

Who will snag Guardians' No. 5 starter spot?

January 8th, 2025

Santana returning to Guards; Josh Naylor traded to D-backs

December 23rd, 2024

D-backs acquire Josh Naylor in trade with Guardians

December 22nd, 2024

Obstruction call on Yankees leads to short-lived Guards rally in G1

October 15th, 2024

Guardians' middle-infield duo forge brotherhood over baseball

October 13th, 2024

“That’s Nayls,” Brennan said. “He’s gonna be our leader and, gosh, an unbelievable talent.”

Naylor joins José Ramírez as the only two players on Cleveland’s roster with at least 30 homers. They are just the second Guardians duo in the past two decades to reach 30 homers and 100 RBIs in the same season, joining Ramírez and Edwin Encarnacion in 2018.

“What a cool accolade for him,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said. “30 and 100. It's a huge milestone for players. It is something special, so to have two guys in our lineup with 30 [homers] and 100 [RBIs is amazing].”

The Guardians know they will have to lean heavily on Naylor’s bat in the postseason, but they also know what made them successful, especially at the beginning of the season. This is a group that had a different hero every night in April and May. It didn’t matter if it was the cleanup hitter or the guy in the eight-hole in the lineup. Over the last few days, it seems like this style of play is creeping back into their repertoire.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

It was rare to see Guardians reliever Hunter Gaddis give up a run, but with the bases loaded in the 10th inning, Twins shortstop Carlos Correa knocked a single into center field that scored two. But in the bottom of the frame, the Guardians magic slowly manifested.

When Cleveland is able to use its entire bench is when it’s most successful. The bench knows this. If a player isn’t in the starting lineup, they have a mantra.

“Stay ready so you don’t have to get ready,” Brennan explained. Any player could be called on for a more favorable matchup at any time. It just so happened that two of those were needed in the bottom half of the 10th. And both delivered.

Pinch-hitter Manzardo knocked in the first run on a single to center. Andrés Giménez drew a walk before pinch-hitter Brennan delivered the huge, game-tying RBI single to right field. After Bo Naylor struck out, Rocchio was ready to be the hero with the walk-off single to right.

“It was just a complete team win,” Vogt said. “We never gave up. It was a lot of fun.”

The ball landed in right field and the Guardians dugout emptied. In a matter of seconds, Rocchio’s teammates grabbed buckets of water, bubblegum, sunflower seeds and anything else they could get their hands on to douse Rocchio in to celebrate.

The Guardians spent all but seven days of the season in first place. They’ve seen plenty of success. They’ve enjoyed plenty of high moments. But there’s no secret that the second half of this season has felt a little different from the first.

The first half was electric. It caused everyone in Cleveland to believe early in the year that the postseason was a realistic possibility. And there’s no better time to rediscover that vibe as the group closes in on that playoff berth.

“That magic came back tonight,” Guardians starter Tanner Bibee said. “It was unbelievable to watch.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Cleveland Guardians
Josh Naylor
Brayan Rocchio

Mandy Bell covers the Guardians for MLB.com. Listen to her on the Ballpark Dimensions podcast with Sarah Langs.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

20 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/josh-naylor-has-two-homer-game-before-brayan-rocchio-s-walk-off-vs-twins 
 ----- 
