Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Manchester United
Man Utd Transfers: Ratcliffe Employing Sneaky Tactics To Land Centre-back, Who's Keen On United Move
Manchester United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.manutd.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Man Utd transfers: Ratcliffe employing sneaky tactics to land centre-back, who’s keen on United move
Ciaran McCarthy
09 Jul 2024 7:34 PM

Sir Jim Ratcliffe is employing sneaky tactics to get Jarrad Branthwaite

Manchester United were reportedly aware that Everton would not accept their latest bid for Jarrad Branthwaite, but the small increases every offer are a tactic to keep him on side.

One of United’s main priorities this transfer window is a centre-back. Main targets include Leny Yoro, Matthijs de Ligt and Everton man Branthwaite.

The most genuine attempts to snare one of them have been for the latter.

United have now lodged two bids for the Toffees centre-back, and both have been rejected.

The first totalled just £35million, before United went back to Everton with an offer totalling £50million.

The £45million initial offer with £5million add-ons was immediately turned away by the Goodison Park outfit.

Yet United are unfazed by the two rejections of their offers.

Ad

After all, they know Everton are after £70million to see the back of Branthwaite this summer.

DON’T MISS: How Jarrad Branthwaite compares to Lisandro Martinez as Man Utd consider blockbuster bid

Ratcliffe knew Everton would not accept

Indeed, that is part of the reason they knew their latest offer would not be accepted.

According to GIVEMESPORT, there was acceptance at United that would be the case once they had sent it.

But there is a reason they keep making such small jumps each time they lodge an offer for Branthwaite.

Ad

The report states Sir Jim Ratcliffe’s club are doing so to show their intent to the defender, who can see that their interest in him remains genuine.

And they are not going to stop with the tactics now. Indeed, it’s said United are planning another small jump to what is believed to be their highest offer, £55million.

That is still some way below Everton’s desired total, and if they reject that, the Red Devils might simply have to move onto other targets.

Branthwaite is on side

But United’s current tactics seem to be working on Branthwaite.

They want to show they remain interested, and it’s said he is keen to join the project.

However, it’s suggested he is unlikely to agitate for the move to Old Trafford despite seeing the constant attempts from United to get him.

Whether or not they would be willing to up their offer once some players have been sold remains to be seen. But the report states the current regime do not want to get dragged into paying a premium for players.

READ MORE: Man Utd centre-back targets: Every option linked for a summer switch assessed

Ad
Question 1
Rasmus Hojlund cost Man Utd an initial £64m. Was the initial price they paid for Bruno Fernandes higher or lower?
use 
hint
Higher
Lower

Manchester United
Jarrad Branthwaite
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Steve Pearson
02 Jan 2025
Tottenham reject signing of England int’l in January, with PSG outcast among three targeted instead

Spurs have rejected the chance to sign a versatile defender despite being offered the player and his club greenlighting an exit, with a report revealing the three stars they're targeting instead

Tottenham Hotspur
PSG
Rob McCarthy
30 Dec 2024
Shock report claims Tottenham are holding ‘internal talks’ over sensational centre-back signing

Tottenham were hit by another defensive blow against Wolves on Sunday and are known to be chasing a central defender, who also has the ability to fill in at left-back, in the January window

Jarrad Branthwaite
Ciaran McCarthy
19 Dec 2024
Man City plotting statement raid for long-term Man Utd target, with Guardiola desperate for turnaround

Manchester City are rivalling Manchester United for a Premier League star who the Red Devils have tried to sign, but may no longer be able to

Manchester City
Jarrad Branthwaite
Rudy Galetti
25 Nov 2024
AC Milan to battle Newcastle for Everton star, as team-mate becomes concrete Real Madrid target

AC Milan have joined Newcastle in the race for an Everton star, while Real Madrid are chasing one of his team-mates, TEAMtalk can reveal

AC Milan
Real Madrid
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
18 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
2 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
19 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
1 hour ago
1
Manchester United
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
5 hours ago
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/red-devils-transfers-ratcliffe-employing-sneaky-tactics-land-centre-back-keen-move 
 ----- 
