Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Atlanta Braves
Braves clinch first playoff spot returning to the MLB postseason for the 6th time in a row

The Braves return to the post season for the 6th time in a row

LW
10/09/2023 - 21:50 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Los Angeles Angels. Red alert in Anaheim: Angels could trade Mike Trout this winter
MLB. Who called the police on Julio Urias's domestic violence suspicion arrest at LAFC stadium?

The Atlanta Braves are on cloud 9 as they become the first MLB team to clinch a playoff berth when they beat the Pittsburgh Pirates 5-2 on Sunday. The Braves are returning to the postseason for the 6th time in a row.

Currently, The Braves are having their second-longest streak in the history of the franchise by reaching the postseason for the sixth time. Back in 1995, they had a great streak of winning the NL East title 11 years in a row.

The Braves have a 15-game lead over the Phillies who are in second place

The Braves currently have the best record in the whole MLB with 93-49, while being in first place since April 3rd, and have had a double-digit division lead since July 20th. Adding to this great record they are also aiming to tie the franchise record of 106 games which was established by the demolishing 1998 Braves.

Along with their winning record, they are also on their way to matching or even beating the home run all-time record currently belonging to the 2019 Minnesota Twins which have 309. The Braves are currently leading the MLB with 273.

So far, the home run leaderboard looks like this:

Atlanta Braves: 273
Los Angeles Dodgers: 221
Tampa Bay Rays: 206
Los Angeles Angels: 206
New York Yankees: 203
MORE in MARCA
Experts warn...
Marca
What is the Co...
Marca

At this point they could achieve the feat; however, it will be more difficult as during the postseason managers choose their top starters and best relievers, and as many know, the playoffs bring out the best of each team, some even believe that it becomes a new team altogether.

The Braves are first in line to earn their second pennant in 5 years.

MLB - English
Atlanta Braves - English
Los Angeles DodgersWhat will happen to Julio Urias after his arrest for domestic violence?
Los Angeles DodgersDodgers pitcher Julio Urias arrested on domestic violence charges
Los Angeles AngelsShohei Ohtani's attempt at Aaron Judge's HR record could be in jeopardy due to injury
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Steve Sarkisian Net Worth: How...
Marca
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/atlanta-braves/2023/09/11/64fe803d46163fdd7f8b45bc.html 
 ----- 
