Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
Celebrities
Danny Masterson accuser exposes revolting Ashton Kutcher video from his Punk'd days

Ashton Kutcher video resurfaces where he says he can't wait for Hilary Duff to turn 18

Ashton Kutcher / Twitter screengrab @@iszie22
LW
10/09/2023 - 19:53 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Celebrities. Gisele Bundchen decides living arrangements after Tom Brady divorce
Celebrities. Olivia Dunne teases fans who want to watch her practice

Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis are in the hot seat after the letter they wrote to support Dany Masterson, the 'That 70s Show' convicted rapist, both Kutcher and Kunis have apologized for the letter they wrote, however, one of the victims doubled down against Kutcher exposing an old video where he comes across as a creepy guy.

Chrissie Bixler, one of the victims of Danny Masterson who also used to date him took IG to post a video of when Kutcher used to host his prank and parody show Punk'd.

Ashton Kutcher and his questionable video

In the video, there is a clip of the show in which Ashton is talking about Hillary Duff who at the time was 17 years old, In the clip the host is speaking about Duff, saying "She's one of the girls that we are all waiting for her to turn 18, along with the Olsen Twins'.

Both Kutcher and Kunis have received massive backlash for what some are calling 'the worst apology ever' after they said that they do support and believe the victims.

There were also two other clips that show how Ashton and Mila talk about the first time they kissed on set, then Ashton was 19 and Mila was only 14. Ashton remembers how Masterson bet him $10 to 'French kiss' Kunis.

Next to that, there is another clip where Mila and Danny are making some show promos and during the interview, Danny claims she was hotter when she started.

Cristina Ricci's support

Chrissi Bixler also added what actress Cristina Ricci wrote about the case. Although she did not write the name of Danny directly, she address how the 'awesome guy' could also be a rapist.

MORE in MARCA
Harry and...
Marca
Beyonc é and...
Marca

Cristina Ricci writes, "So sometimes people we have loved and admired do horrible things They might not do these things to us and we only who they were to us but that doesn't mean they didn't do the horrible things and to discredit the abused is a crime."

She adds, "People we know as 'awesome guys' can be predators and abusers. It's tough to accept but we have to. If we say we support victims -- women, children, men, boys -- then we must be able to take this stance." While concluding with "Believe victims. It's not easy to come forward. It's not easy to get a conviction."

Celebrities - English
CelebritiesVanessa Bryant and her daughters enjoy a night out at Beyonce's concert in LA
CelebritiesKanye West and Bianca Censori get banned for life after questionable NSFW boat antics
MLSLionel Messi attracts Selena Gomez, Prince Harry and more to LAFC vs. Inter Miami
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/celebrities/2023/09/11/64fe64f846163f86358b4599.html 
 ----- 
