Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Pittsburgh Pirates Beat Washington Nationals in MLB's Fastest Game in Over a Decade
The Pittsburgh Pirates and Washington Nationals completed nine innings in just 1:50 on Thursday, which is tied for the shortest game since 2010.
Sam Connon | Sep 14, 2023
Pittsburgh Pirates Beat Washington Nationals in MLB's Fastest Game in Over a Decade /
In this story:
Pittsburgh Pirates
Washington Nationals

The Pittsburgh Pirates made quick work of the Washington Nationals on Thursday, even if they only won by a pair of runs.

Behind an eight-inning gem from Mitch Keller and a pair of home runs in the early goings, the Pirates pulled out a 2-0 win over the Nationals. The two teams combined for just seven hits and one walk, which is part of the reason they were able to complete the game in just 1 hour and 50 minutes.

According to Talkin' Baseball, it is tied for the fastest nine-inning game so far in the 2023 season. There hadn't been a full game finish that quickly since 2010.

Only one of the 17 half-innings featured more than four at-bats. Even then, the bottom of the seventh only consisted of five plate appearances.

The only two runs came across on solo home runs by center fielder Jack Suwinski and first baseman Alfonso Rivas in the second and fifth innings, respectively.

The fast pace-of-play from Keller and Josiah Gray – who struck out 10 in 6.1 innings for Washington – was a major factor as well.

MLB introduced significant several rule changes in 2023, including limiting the shift and adding a pitch clock. Back at the All-Star Game, the league distributed data that showed the average game time had dropped from 3:10 in 2021 to 2:38 in 2023 – the shortest since 1984.

The Pirates will now cruise into their home series against the New York Yankees having won three in a row. The Nationals, meanwhile, find themselves on the losing end of that streak as they prepare to hit the road to face the Milwaukee Brewers.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 14, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/pittsburgh-pirates-beat-washington-nationals-in-fastest-mlb-game-in-over-a-decade 
 ----- 
