Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI SWIMSUIT
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
SI SHOPS
MY ACCOUNT
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Nationals Pitcher’s MLB Debut Took a Painful Turn When Catcher Fired a Ball Off His Head
The right-hander was beaned in the head by his catcher, who was trying to throw a runner out at second base.
Andy Nesbitt | Sep 14, 2023
Nationals Pitcher’s MLB Debut Took a Painful Turn When Catcher Fired a Ball Off His Head /
In this story:
Washington Nationals
Pittsburgh Pirates

Nationals right-handed pitcher Jackson Rutledge will never forget his MLB debut, and it won’t be because of the seven runs he gave up in just over three innings of work, but rather because of what his catcher did to him in the fourth inning. 

This was something we have never seen before, and thankfully Rutledge was able to stay in the game after it happened. In case you missed it, the 6’8'' pitcher tried to duck out of the way of rookie catcher Drew Millas’s throw to second base but the ball struck him in the head and flew all the way out to shallow right field.

Thankfully Rutledge was O.K. and faced two more Pirates hitters after this happened:

There are a couple adjectives you can use to describe Jackson Rutledge's debut. "Uneventful" isn't one of them...for the wrong reasons. pic.twitter.com/qcvnHRc1CG

— Justice delos Santos (@justdelossantos) September 13, 2023

Rutledge had this to stay after the game, via The Washington Post.  

“In AA and AAA, he’s thrown out a lot of guys for me,” Rutledge said of the throw from rookie Drew Millas, who hit his first career homer in the game. “And then I heard the ball coming at me. I got to work on getting out of the way a little more. I’m okay, so we’re good there. … But yeah, just weird. Weird day.”

MLB fans and media members had reactions: 

OH MY GOD https://t.co/RS4tHOzNEE

— John (@JRic55555) September 13, 2023

MLB version of the butt fumble https://t.co/1m3EllFVNZ

— Cannonball Corner (@CannonballCrner) September 14, 2023

I love this stupid sport https://t.co/AAyX77jx5m

— Alex Stumpf (@AlexJStumpf) September 13, 2023

He stayed in and Reynolds homered almost immediately.

They cut to his parents in the stands and as a parent of a kid who occasionally gets lit up, I felt their "oh noooooo" expressions deeply. https://t.co/hdLG3EIRKd

— Will Graves (@WillGravesAP) September 13, 2023
Published Sep 14, 2023
ANDY NESBITT

Andy Nesbitt is the assistant managing editor of audience engagement at Sports Illustrated. He works closely with the Breaking and Trending News team to shape SI’s daily coverage across all sports. A 20-year veteran of the sports media business, he has worked for Fox Sports, For the Win, The Boston Globe and NBC Sports, having joined SI in February 2023. Nesbitt is a golf fanatic who desperately wants to see the Super Bowl played on a Saturday night.

Follow anezbitt

Home
/
Extra Mustard
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
A-Z Index
FAQ
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC. - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/extra-mustard/2023/09/14/nationals-pirates-jackson-rutledge-hit-in-head-by-catchers-bad-throw 
 ----- 
