Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Baker Mayfield admits to stealing Vikings signals, pokes fun at Houston Astros

The veteran quarterback is off to a great start with the Tamp Bay Buccaneers

Baker Mayfield speaks at a press conference.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
13/09/2023 - 19:43 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Tua Tagovailoa fires back at critics after 466-yard performance in Week 1: 'I don't care'
NFL. Jets fan's disrespectful water bottle toss at Zach Wilson after victory draws mom's ire

An underrated storyline from Week 1 of the 2023 NFL season was Baker Mayfield leading the Tampa Bay Buccaneers to a road victory in their first game post-Tom Brady. Mayfield was sharp and efficient, particularly during the final 32 minutes of the game.

The reason for the improvement beginning close to halftime was because Mayfield began recognizing the signals the Minnesota Vikings defense was using. Bucs running back Rachaad White revealed as much during Tampa Bay's weekly radio show.

Mayfield Magic

We were paying attention the whole game to their signal calls, and I just remember, Bake came into the locker room at halftime and he said 'I got it. We got all their signals. If they do this, they're going into Cover 2. If they do this, they're going into Cover 3.'

It's a shrewd move from a veteran quarterback who is trying to find success in Tampa. Many might consider it cheating, but it's a part of the game and it's not frowned upon by the NFL.

Mayfield was asked about the signal-stealing on Wednesday by media, confirming he did use it to his advantage.

You're always trying to find tendencies of a defense. Like I said postgame, it was a chess match during the first half. I can't credit Brian Flores enough for how (the defense) was schemed up. It took us a little bit to adjust, but you try to find every advantage possible to win.

A separate reporter followed up and quipped that if Mayfeld keeps doing it, he might have some higher authorities coming to get him. The QB used the opportunity to take a subtle shot at the Houston Astros.

Baker Mayfield says he doesn't cheat like Houston AstrosMatt Matera / Twitter
NFL copies MLB
MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Garner'...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

The Astros were caught in a cheating scandal in which they used a center field video camera to steal catcher-pitcher signs during their World Series-winning season in 2017. MLB came down hard on the organization. Technically, sign stealing is legal in baseball, but it can't happen through the use of technology.

So Mayfield can feel at ease with his on-field etiquette. At 28 years old on a one-year deal, he'll do whatever it takes to win and revive his career.

NFL - English
Tampa Bay Buccaneers - English
Baker Mayfield - English
Minnesota Vikings - English
Houston Astros - English
Tampa Bay BuccaneersBaker Mayfield praises Vikings defense as his grit helps Buccaneers forget Tom Brady
Tampa Bay BuccaneersMayfield bakes an upset: Tampa Bay's new QB shines in win over Vikings
NFL2023 NFL season: Full Week 1 scores & recaps of Sunday games
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/tampa-bay-buccaneers/2023/09/14/6502552522601de9498b458d.html 
 ----- 
