Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Atlanta Braves
Atlanta Braves make history with 6th consecutive NL East crown

The Braves have extended their lead as MLB'sfranchise with more division titles (23)

The Braves clinched the division by beating the Phillies 4-1 in PhiladelphiaLAPRESSE
LW
13/09/2023 - 22:00 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Texas Rangers. A Texas-sized blow: Rangers ace Scherzer done for the season
MLB News. Alex Rodriguez reportedly ratted on other players who were on PEDs, lied to Yankees too

In an impressive display of baseball dominance, the Atlanta Braves have once again clinched the National League East crown, marking their sixth consecutive division title.

This is their 23rd division title in history (MLB leader), and it is the second-earliest clinch date achieved after only 146 games.

Braves clinched division in Philadelphia

The celebration came to life on Wednesday night at Citizens Bank Park as the visiting Braves beat the Philadelphia Phillies4-1.

Austin Riley set the tone early with a two-run homer in the first inning, giving Atlanta an early lead that they would never relinquish.

The Braves owed much of their win to pitcher Spencer Strider, who is making a strong case for the Cy Young Award.

Strider delivered a great performance, pitching seven innings and allowing just one run on four hits and two walks while striking out nine batters.

The game ended with Kirby Yates striking out Brandon Marsh, igniting celebrations among the Braves players as they danced and jumped near the mound.

For the Braves, this victory carried extra significance as it unfolded on the same field where the Phillies had eliminated them in last year's NL Division Series. Now, the Braves are poised to enter the postseason with home-field advantage, solidifying their status as the betting favorites to claim the World Series title.

Braves' impressive performance in 2023

Atlanta will seek its second championship in just three years, having previously defeated the Houston Astros in six games to clinch their first title since 1995.

Their path to success has been defined by the MVP-caliber performances of Ronald Acuña Jr. and Matt Olson, with the Braves consistently boasting the best record in MLB's second half.

As they inch closer to a second consecutive 100-win season (current record at 96-50), the Braves are undoubtedly a force to be reckoned with, despite enduring significant challenges, including the absence of key starting pitchers Max Fried and Kyle Wright.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

The Braves have 16 remaining games: at MIA (3), vs. PHI (3), at WSH (4), vs. CHC (3), and vs. WSH (3).

Looking ahead at the playoffs, as things stand with the Braves at the top of the National League, they would receive a first-round bye and face the winner of the #4 and #5 Wild Card teams in a five-game NL Division Series starting on Saturday, October 7.

MLB - English
Atlanta Braves - English
Atlanta BravesBraves clinch first playoff spot returning to the MLB postseason for the 6th time in a row
Los Angeles DodgersLos Angeles Dodgers send Julio Urias a clear message with locker and mural removal
MLBAlex Rodriguez reportedly ratted on other players who were on PEDs, lied to Yankees too
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/atlanta-braves/2023/09/14/650274d922601de7648b45bb.html 
 ----- 
