SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Morocco
MoroccoMoroccan cuisine
Reborn El Kaabi Inspires Morocco’s 6-0 Crushing of Congo in World Cup Qualifier

Ayoub El Kaabi stood out as the player of the match with three goals and an assist.

Jihane RahhouJune 11, 2024 9:04 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Moroccan player Achraf Hakimi and Ayoub El Kaabi.Moroccan cuisine

Rabat - Morocco’s Atlas Lions tonight offered their highly demanding fans a crushing 6-0 victory over Congo in the African qualifiers for the 2026 World Cup at the Agadir Stadium.

The game began with an overwhelming dominance by Morocco in the early minutes, with midfielder Azzedine Ounahi taking full advantage of poor marking by the Congolese defense to score the evening’s opening goal just eight minutes into the match. Moroccan cuisine

The Moroccan team kept the pressure high from there on. And by the 16th minute, Morocco was already leading 2-0 as Chadi Riad capitalized on another defensive error.

Next, the in-form Ayoub El Kaabi announced himself to Atlas Lions fans who might have been asking whether he would be as devastatingly lethal for the national team as he has been with his club in recent months. 

Courtesy of a beautiful assist by right-back Achraf Hakimi, the Olympiacos striker scored his first goal of the evening -- and Morocco’s third -- to put the Atlas Lions in a comfortable position that would eventually allow them to unleash their full creativity and firing power against an increasingly clueless and seemingly lost Congolese side.

Congo’s defense seemed unable to cope with Morocco’s relentless attack, and their frustration became evident with a series of fouls, resulting in three yellow cards.

By halftime, the score was already 4-0, with El Kaabi scoring his second goal of the match in the 39th minute, this time assisted by Ounahi. 

The Congolese defense was left in shambles for the remainder of the game, unable to contain the Moroccan forwards. Despite making two substitutions in an attempt to bolster their defense, Congo’s efforts were in vain as the halftime whistle blew.

The second half began with Congo trying to regain some control, but it was Morocco who continued to shine. In the 53rd minute, Ayoub El Kaabi completed his hat-trick with a stunning header, once again assisted by Ounahi, bringing the score to 5-0.

Yet, as if sensing a golden opportunity to reconcile with their fans, many of whom have been left disappointed by the team’s recent performances, the Atlas Lions continued their relentless pursuit of goals. In the 62nd minute, Soufiane Rahimi added to Congo’s misery by scoring the sixth goal of the night, with Brahim providing the assist. 

Despite occasional efforts to mount an attack, Congo was consistently forced to retreat, unable to break through Morocco’s solid defense.

While Achraf Hakimi and other key players were reliable and almost spectacular tonight, it is Ayoub El Kaabi who stood out as the player of the match with three goals and an assist. 

Almost six years after announcing himself to Morocco and the world by impressing at the 2018 African Nations Championship (CHAN), the Olympiacos man may have reannounced himself tonight as a newborn striker Morocco can count on. 

Should El Kaabi, whether playing alongside or in replacement of En-Nesyri, maintain the momentum and form he has rediscovered in the Greek league, Morocco may be on the verge of hitting the attacking formula that has eluded them for decades as they chased an end to a generational cycle of disappointing deja-vus at the AFCON.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Morocco, Congo Strengthen Cooperation on Environmental, Sustainable Development
World Cup Qualifiers: Morocco’s Starting Lineup for Game Against Congo
Walid Regragui: Win Against Zambia Is ‘Important’ for World Cup Qualification
Walid Regragui: Important to Start World Cup Qualifiers With a Win
Zambian Coach: Morocco Has ‘the Best Team in Africa’
When, How to Watch the Morocco-Congo U-23 AFCON Match
Casablanca to Host DR Congo’s Business Roadshow in May
Over 4,000 Security Agents Deployed for Morocco-Congo DR
Recent
Popular
Comments
Floating The Moroccan Dirham: Challenges And Opportunities In 2026

Will Moroccan Banks’ Weekend Opening Herald End-Year Tax Rush?

Algeria Restricts Cellphone Subscriptions For Tindouf Camp Residents In Latest Round Of Repression

South Korean Crash Landing Claims 167 Lives

Mauritanian Military Reshuffle Signals Strategic Shift Away From Algeria

YOU MAY LIKE
Floating The Moroccan Dirham: Challenges And Opportunities In 2026

Will Moroccan Banks’ Weekend Opening Herald End-Year Tax Rush?

Mauritanian Military Reshuffle Signals Strategic Shift Away From Algeria

Access Bank Set To Enter Moroccan Market Amid African Expansion

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/06/363193/reborn-el-kaabi-inspires-moroccos-6-0-crushing-of-congo-in-world-cup-qualifier 
 ----- 
