Skip to content
Subscribe Now
23°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Rockies’ Kris Bryant activated from IL, Cole Tucker designated for assignment; German Marquez talks new contract
Rockies slugger Kris Bryant missed 44 games on the injured list with a fractured finger.
Colorado Rockies right fielder Kris Bryant (23) in the first inning of a baseball game Monday, April 10, 2023, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
PUBLISHED: September 11, 2023 at 6:20 PM MDT

After missing 44 games with a fractured finger, Rockies slugger Kris Bryant was activated from the injured list Monday and returned to the lineup just in time to attempt to play spoiler against his former team.

Cole Tucker, who is 4-for-8 with a .600 on-base percentage in five big-league games this season, was designated for assignment in Colorado’s corresponding roster move.

Bryant was batting clean-up in his return, playing first base. Rockies manager Bud Black said Bryant will play some first base, outfield and designated hitter in the remaining weeks of the season. Bryant is unlikely to play every game.

“I think he continued to feel (pain) as time went on. I think he feels it a little bit now,” Black said. “The pain lessens. You get a little bit of flexibility in your finger. You start doing more baseball activities. … The last 10 days, he’s ramped up his hitting. He’s ramped up his defense. He’s kept his legs going the whole time. And I think Kris felt as though he was ready to play in a game. And his thought was, ‘If I’m ready to play in a game, let’s play in a Major League game. Don’t send me to Albuquerque. Put me in a big-league game. We only have three weeks left in the season. I want to play.’”

And if Bryant was going to play in a Major League game, what better timing than a Cubs game? Bryant won a National League Rookie of the Year, an NL MVP and a World Series with Chicago before he signed a seven-year, $182 million deal with Colorado. In 2022, his first season with the Rockies, he only played in 42 games. This year he had played in 65 before the finger injury, entering Monday night’s game at Coors Field with eight home runs and a .717 OPS for 2023.

“He wants to play, so he’ll play a lot,” Black said. “But he’ll get a day here and there, because we want other guys to play as well. … We’ll mix and match it.”

Marquez on contract extension: “This is my home”

Rockies pitcher German Marquez feels relieved to be focused fully on his rehab process now that he has contract negotiations out of the way.

The longtime staple of the Rockies’ rotation agreed to a two-year, $20 million extension while the team was in San Francisco last Friday. Marquez is now under contract through 2025, though he’s out for the rest of this season and likely much of 2024 after undergoing Tommy John surgery in May. Marquez told reporters Monday that he hopes to be back after the All-Star break next July.

He started playing catch last week in Arizona.

“Hanging in there, and happy to start playing catch again,” he said.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

Marquez has a 4.41 career ERA in 173 starts and more than 1,000 innings, all with the Rockies. His most complete season was 2018, when he struck out 230, won 14 games and posted a 3.77 ERA.

“I do think it sends a great message — most importantly, it’s about the talent — but what’s also important to German is his feelings about this organization and wanting to be here and wanting to be part of the solution,” Black said. It would have been really easy to move on if he wanted to. He wouldn’t want to talk about an extension, he becomes a free agent in three weeks, moves on to another organization or team. He didn’t want to do that. So what does that tell you about what he thinks about this place?”

“As soon as I got here in ’16, I felt like this was my home,” Marquez said. “This is my home. And I want to be part of this process, to see the young guys doing it.”

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
Daily horoscope for Jan. 12, 2025
Family sues 24 Hour Fitness in Colorado Springs after dad’s alleged death from steam room explosion
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Five Broncos selected to 2024 AP NFL All-Pro team
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Asking Eric: Neighbors worry about unlicensed contractors next door
Jets’ Connor Hellebuyck shuts out Avalanche in Winnipeg again
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Women’s basketball: Sara-Rose Smith answers challenge, leads CU Buffs past Kansas
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2023
September
11
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2023/09/11/kris-bryant-injury-update-il-finger-fracture-rockies-cubs/ 
 ----- 
