Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New Orleans Saints
Derek Carr leads Saints to Week 1 thrilling win over Titans

Derek Carr got his first touchdown in a Saints uniform on Sunday

Derek Carr led the Saints to their first win in 2023LAPRESSE
LW
10/09/2023 - 17:08 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Baltimore Ravens. Confirmed: J.K. Dobbins will miss the rest of the season with torn Achilles
Jacksonville Jaguars. Calvin Ridley marks return from gambling ban with sensational touchdown for Jaguars

Quarterback Derek Carr made quite the impression on Saints fans after an outstanding debut with New Orleans in their season opener against the Titans.

Carr, who had 305 yards and a touchdown in his first outing as a Saint, played a pivotal role in securing their hard-fought 16-15 victory on the road.

Saints defense shines in season opener

The game was marked by a remarkable defensive performance from the Saints, who didn't allow a single touchdown in the game.

Additionally, they intercepted Ryan Tannehill three times, sacked him also on three occasions, and stopped Tennessee on 10 of 12 third-down plays.

Carr's connection with his receiving corps showed a lot of promise.

Chris Olave was the standout, hauling in eight passes for an impressive 112 yards.

Rasheed Shaheed, the game's hero, recorded five receptions for 89 yards and the crucial touchdown that ultimately secured the win for New Orleans.

Notably, Michael Thomas, who was back on the field after missing most of last season due to injury, made his presence felt with five receptions for 61 total yards.

The game saw both teams trading field goals for most of the game until Carr's pivotal play.

With just 1:23 left in the third quarter, Carr executed a perfect pump-fake and delivered a precise pass to Shaheed, who made a spectacular catch in the end zone putting the Saints ahead 16-9, a lead they would hang on to until the clock ran out.

A Carr-Shaheed connection secured the W

When it mattered most, Carr delivered. On a critical third-and-6 play, he connected with Shaheed again for a 41-yard gain, setting up Jamaal Williams' game-sealing run. The veteran quarterback's ability to make clutch throws under pressure showcased his poise in the pocket.

On the other side of the ball, the Titans struggled to find a rhythm on offense. Tannehill completed just 16 of 34 passes for 198 yards and threw three interceptions.

Star running back Derrick Henry was held to a mere 63 yards rushing on 15 carries, thanks to the relentless Saints defense.

Carr summed up his debut with a focus on the most crucial aspect, getting a victory.

MORE in MARCA
Harry and...
Marca
Travis Kelce...
Marca

"A lot of emotions today, like I said, I just wanted to win for this city. That is all I wanted. We got the win. It doesn't matter how we do it. Let's just keep stacking."Carr commented to CBS Sports after the game.

Next up for the Saints is a trip to Carolina to face the Panthers on the first game of Week 2's Monday Night double-header on September 18.

NFL - English
Derek Carr - English
New Orleans Saints - English
Fantasy FootballTravis Kelce Injury: What other options you have for fantasy considering Kelce is out for now?
Tennessee TitansDeAndre Hopkins ousts the four NFL teams that rejected him when he was a free agent
Kansas City ChiefsGracie Hunt's Instagram sexy posts have fans buzzing ahead of NFL kickoff game
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Huisalarm met videodeurbel en...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-orleans-saints/2023/09/11/64fe3df122601da87a8b456f.html 
 ----- 
