Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Suns Beat Mavericks in Home Opener
The Phoenix Suns snagged a clutch win in their home opener.
Donnie Druin | Oct 27, 2024
Oct 26, 2024; Phoenix, Arizona, USA; Phoenix Suns forward Kevin Durant (35) against Dallas Mavericks guard Klay Thompson (31) in the first half of the home opener at Footprint Center. Mandatory Credit: Mark J. Rebilas-Imagn Images / Mark J. Rebilas-Imagn Images
In this story:
Phoenix Suns
Dallas Mavericks

PHOENIX -- After blowing a 20-point lead in their Friday night loss to the Los Angeles Lakers, the Phoenix Suns needed a major bounce back in their home opener against the Dallas Mavericks.

They did just that.

The Suns improved to 2-1 on the season with a 114-102 victory over Dallas, winning their third consecutive home opener. Phoenix has now won their last 21-of-28 meetings against the Mavericks.

Without Bradley Beal (elbow) and Grayson Allen (personal), the Suns were forced to alter their rotations against a fairly healthy Dallas squad.

Rookie Ryan Dunn got his first NBA start while Royce O'Neale and Damion Lee saw an increase in minutes.

It was a much-needed win for Phoenix to emerge past .500, getting off on the right foot to start a short two-game home stint.

Quick Recap

The Suns got out to a 28-26 lead after the first quarter despite 13 early points from Luka Doncic. No other player for either team had more than six. Dallas converted on just 2-11 attempts from three-point territory.

Phoenix grew their lead to up to 13 points in the second quarter with Jusuf Nurkic scoring 12 points in the period. Durant wasn't far behind with nine in the second.

The Suns shot 43% from deep in the first half while hitting nearly 48% of shots from the field to take a lead.

The third quarter proved to be the same story for Phoenix (three Suns in Dunn, Durant and Booker scored 5+ points), and so too did the fourth quarter as the Suns established a 104-90 lead with just under seven minutes to play.

Despite a handful of three's from Thompson and Doncic late to keep things interesting, the Suns were able to see their lead maintained through the final buzzer.

Notable Performances

- Kevin Durant: 31 points, nine rebounds
- Jusuf Nurkic: 18 points, 14 rebounds
- Ryan Dunn: 13 points
- Devin Booker: 21 points, five assists

- Kyrie Irving: 22 points, five assists
- Luka Doncic: 40 points, 10 rebounds
- Klay Thompson: 19 points

What's Next?

The Suns are back home on Monday to face the Los Angeles Lakers.

More Phoenix Suns News

Suns vs Mavericks Injury Report
How Suns Can Rebound vs Mavericks
Preview: Suns Host Mavericks in Home Opener
What We Learned: Jusuf Nurkic Struggles
Suns Blow 22-Point Lead to Lakers

Published Oct 27, 2024
DONNIE DRUIN

Donnie Druin is the Publisher for All Cardinals and Inside The Suns. Donnie moved to Arizona in 2012 and has been with Fan Nation since 2018. In college he won "Best Sports Column" in the state of Arizona for his section and has previously provided coverage for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Arizona State Sun Devils. Follow Donnie on Twitter @DonnieDruin for more news, updates, analysis and more!

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/suns/news/phoenix-suns-beat-dallas-mavericks-home-opener 
 ----- 
