Skip to main content
SBNation.com homepage
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
SBNation.com main menu
SECRET BASE
BREAKAWAY
BETTING 
NFL 
NBA 
CBB 
CFB 
GOLF
MORE 

FILED UNDER:

NBA
Kevin Durant’s original ‘too small’ taunt on Luka Doncic is NBA’s funniest moment this year

Kevin Durant put a new spin on the “too small” taunt after hitting a shot over Luka Doncic.

By Ricky O'Donnell  Oct 27, 2024, 10:37am EDT  1 Comment / 1 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Ricky O'Donnell has covered basketball at all levels for more than a decade at SB Nation. He's currently the Associate Director of Programing.

The ‘too small’ taunt has taken over the NBA. Everyone from Giannis Antetokounmpo to Patrick Beverley has gone to the taunt on recent years, usually when scoring near the rim. Attacking a size mismatch is a tale as old as time in basketball, and when you have a “mouse in the house,” you need to get a bucket.

The Phoenix Suns faced the Dallas Mavericks on Saturday in a matchup of two of the league’s best talents: Luka Doncic on one side, Kevin Durant on the other. Both players were scoring at will all night, but Durant’s team had the last laugh as the Suns earned the win, 114-102, over Dallas.

The best moment of the game came in the fourth quarter with the Mavericks trying to make one last run. Durant had Doncic on an island, drove right, and flowed into his patented elbow jumper. Just about no one is stopping that shot from the 6’10+ Durant, and Doncic certainly wasn’t despite a solid contest. After the shot dropped, Durant went to the “too small” taunt ... only it didn’t look like the same “too small” taunt we always see in the NBA. Watch the video here:

Here’s another angle:

pic.twitter.com/nZ6eerZPH0

— Diamond Scar (@diamondscar22) October 27, 2024

Durant was asked to show his “too small” taunt again after the game, and he obliged:

Reminder: the typical “too small” taunt in the NBA has a player putting his hand low to the floor. Here’s Giannis doing it in 2022:

Doncic scored 40 points in the los. Durant had 31 points in the win.

We need a Mavs-Suns playoff series, please.

NEXT UP IN NBA
NBA postpones Lakers game against Hornets due to wildfires in Los Angeles 
The Pacers set a meaningless NBA record that will never be broken
Russell Westbrook warned Clippers center to box him out, then grabbed putback over him
 Trae Young’s halfcourt dagger joins NBA’s longest buzzer-beaters ever list
LeBron James’ dunk was so good it shouldn’t be possible for a 40-year-old
How the Phoenix Suns’ demise could aid the Wizards’ rebuild
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the SB Nation Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of all your sports news from SB Nation
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status
Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
	
Vox Media
Advertise with us
Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sbnation.com/nba/2024/10/27/24280866/kevin-durant-too-small-taunt-luka-doncic-nba-video-reaction 
 ----- 
