COTTON BOWL CLASSIC
News, stories, predictions and more, as Texas plays Ohio State here Friday 
CLOSE
Weather
35°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Here’s what we know about Dallas-Fort Worth road conditions Friday
Malls, stores opening late in North Texas amid winter storm
Live updates: Winter weather advisory expires for Dallas-Fort Worth as conditions improve
North Texas officials urge caution on roads as snow, ice settle in
Trump sentenced, gets no punishment in hush money case
5 things to watch in Texas-Ohio State Cotton Bowl: What is Longhorns’ path to CFP upset?
Texas confiscations top TSA’s 2024 unusual discoveries list
Tesla recalls about 239,000 vehicles over rear-view camera issue
Keller trustees discussing idea to split district in two
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSMAVERICKS

Mavericks struggle to find offensive support outside of Big 3, fall to Phoenix Suns
Dallas couldn’t bottle up the same offensive rhythm it displayed in its home opener, leading to a 114-102 loss in Phoenix.

By Mike Curtis

Mavericks Beat Writer

Oct. 27, 2024
|
Updated 12:34 a.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Dallas Mavericks guard Luka Doncic (77) drives past Phoenix Suns forward Ryan Dunn (0) during the first half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Oct. 26, 2024, in Phoenix.(Darryl Webb / AP)

PHOENIX — It didn’t take long for the Mavericks to face their first real challenge with their brand-new trio of Luka Doncic, Kyrie Irving and Klay Thompson.

Saturday’s road opener in the desert was an opportunity to pit their explosive offensive to the test against another formidable “Big Three” in Kevin Durant, Devin Booker and Bradley Beal. However, Dallas couldn’t bottle up the same offensive rhythm it displayed in its home opener against San Antonio. Nor could it limit Durant and the rest of the Suns, leading to a 114-102 loss at Footprint Center.

Phoenix was on the second night of a back-to-back after blowing a 22-point lead in a loss to the Los Angeles Lakers on Friday night, and they were also shorthanded without Beal (right elbow soreness). Still, Durant shouldered the load with several timely scores against the Mavericks’ defense.

The Mavericks trailed by nine with a little over seven minutes remaining, but Durant scored five consecutive points to crush any chances of a Dallas comeback. The superstar forward drained a pull-up 3 over Thompson and P.J. Washington. Durant took a skip back on defense to celebrate the shot, which helped him eclipse 29,000 career points. He’s the eighth player in NBA history to reach the milestone. One play later, Durant received the ball on a fast break and converted a layup as he was fouled by Irving.

Mavericks

Be the smartest Mavericks fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Durant led the Suns with 31, which came second to Doncic’s game-high 40 points, 10 rebounds and four assists. The last time Doncic paid a visit to Phoenix resulted in a 50-point masterpiece, which was without Irving (heel). This time around, he had more support from his fellow co-stars as Irving and Thompson finished with 22 and 19, respectively.

“I thought we had a couple of great shots,” Doncic said after the game. “There were a lot of short shots. I thought we had some great looks that we’ll probably knock down some other time. They were physical with us. They played great defense. They scored over 100 points, so they were aggressive.”

ADVERTISEMENT

But Dallas struggled on the offensive end (37-of-93) and didn’t receive any help from its bench, which mustered only nine points Saturday. Dereck Lively scored five points and grabbed 10 rebounds, while Naji Marshall and Maxi Kleber both finished with two points. Kleber left the game in the fourth quarter because of a right hamstring injury and did not return.

Durant was helped by Booker’s 21 points and five assists. It was expected that Durant and Booker would be successful given their track records as elite scorers, but the Mavericks also allowed Jusuf Nurkic to record a double-double of 18 points and 14 rebounds.

“He was just physical,” Doncic said. “He was attacking the basket and using his body. He did that pretty well today.”

ADVERTISEMENT

What should’ve been a fluid game of elite shot-making quickly turned into a stagnant game of offense, limited by whistles. The Mavericks and Suns combined for 45 personal fouls. Dallas committed 28 of those fouls, with Irving, Thompson and Washington all receiving four each.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Mavericks and Suns appear to have a similar build when it comes to how their “Big Threes” were constructed. Both have established stars who were drafted by their respective franchises in Doncic and Booker. They also traded for supplementary stars to complement their franchise centerpieces (Irving and Thompson; Durant and Beal).

Mavericks coach Jason Kidd discussed the similarities between the two teams in his pregame press conference.

“It’s way too early in the marathon but there is a comparison,” Kidd said. “There’s three stars that both teams have and very good stars, at that. You talk about Durant and Beal and Book, they can put up points in a hurry. They put a lot of pressure on the defense.”

Durant tested Dallas’ defense consistently through the night and the Mavericks’ trio did its best, but couldn’t find the supplementary support to prevail.

ADVERTISEMENT

Dallas will need a more balanced effort in their upcoming back-to-back set of games next week against Utah and Minnesota.

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Amid cold conditions outside, Mavericks use hot fourth quarter in comeback win vs. Blazers
See where Cowboys, Mavericks rank among the world’s most profitable sports teams
Start time for Mavericks-Trail Blazers changed due to winter weather in North Texas
NBA All-Star voting: Where do Mavs’ Luka Doncic, Kyrie Irving stand in second fan returns?
Mavs’ Kyrie Irving, ANTA release signature shoe, will be worn by current, former teammates
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more Mavericks coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

More about:
Luka Doncic
By Mike Curtis

Mike is the Mavericks Beat Writer for The Dallas Morning News. Before his arrival at the DMN, he spent two seasons covering the Detroit Pistons at The Detroit News. Mike earned his bachelor's degree in Communications from Tennessee State University and received his master's degree in Media and Communication from Middle Tennessee State University.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Live updates: Winter weather advisory expires for Dallas-Fort Worth as conditions improve
2
Here’s what we know about Dallas-Fort Worth road conditions Friday
3
550 flights through DFW, Love Field canceled Friday after winter storm
4
Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
5
Faith-based group pushes UnitedHealth Group to study denials in wake of CEO murder
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/mavericks/2024/10/27/mavericks-struggle-to-find-offensive-support-outside-of-big-3-fall-to-phoenix-suns/ 
 ----- 
