 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Community
Opinions
Sports
Obituaries
Records
Contests
You Pick Em
A Moment of Happiness
Classifieds
Public Notices
Local Public Notices
Statewide public notices
E-Edition
Carter County Living
Best Bets, Odds for the Bengals vs. Eagles Game – Week 8

Published 5:37 pm Friday, October 25, 2024

By Data Skrive

Check out best bets for when the Cincinnati Bengals (3-4) and the Philadelphia Eagles (4-2) play at Paycor Stadium on Sunday, October 27, 2024.

BetMGM is one of the most trusted Sportsbooks in the nation. Start with as little as $1 and place your bets today.

Bengals vs. Eagles Matchup Info
Game Date: Sunday, October 27, 2024
Time: 1 p.m. ET
Venue: Paycor Stadium
Location: Cincinnati, Ohio
TV: CBS
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)
Live Stream: Watch this game on Paramount+ (Regional restrictions may apply)
Tickets: Get tickets for this game at StubHub
Subscribe to our free email newsletter

Get the latest news sent to your inbox

Don’t miss a touchdown this NFL season. Catch every score with NFL RedZone on Fubo. What is Fubo? Fubo is a streaming service that gives you access to your favorite live sports and shows on demand. Start your risk free trial today and watch seven hours of commercial-free football from every NFL game every Sunday.

Best Moneyline Bet
The data strongly suggests betting on the Eagles in this one. The model favors them while BetMGM has the Bengals favored and the difference between the two is seven points.
The Bengals have a 59.2% chance to win this game, based on the implied probability of the moneyline.
The Bengals have compiled a 3-2 record in games they were favored on the moneyline (winning 60% of those games).
Cincinnati has a record of 3-2 when it has played as a moneyline favorite with odds of -145 or shorter (60%).
The Eagles won the only game they’ve played as the underdog this season.
Philadelphia has not entered a game this season as a bigger underdog on the moneyline than the +120 odds on them winning this game.

Think you know who will win the game? Sign up at BetMGM and place your bet today.

Against the Spread Pick
Pick ATS: Eagles (+2.5)
The Bengals have covered the spread four times in seven games with a set spread.
In games it has played as 2.5-point favorites or more, Cincinnati has an ATS record of 3-2.
The Eagles have covered the spread three times this year (3-3-0).
Philadelphia has a perfect 1-0 ATS record when playing as at least 2.5-point underdogs.

Want to bet on this game’s spread? Head to BetMGM and place your wager today.

Best Over/Under Pick
Pick OU: Under (48)
These two teams average a combined 47.7 points per game, 0.3 fewer points than the total of 48 set for this matchup.
The Bengals and the Eagles have seen their opponents average a combined 5.1 fewer points per game than the over/under of 48 set for this outing.
Bengals games with a set total have hit the over four times this season (57.1%).
In the Eagles’ six games with a set total, two have hit the over (33.3%).

Want to bet on the over/under in this matchup? Make your wager at BetMGM.

Not all offers available in all states, please visit BetMGM for the latest promotions for your area. Must be 21+ to gamble, please wager responsibly. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, contact 1-800-GAMBLER.

id:
MORE PREDICTIONS
NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, December 25
Rockets vs. Hornets Prediction & Picks: Line, Spread, Over/Under – December 23
NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, December 23
Best Bets for NCAA Basketball Picks Against the Spread for Monday, December 23
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, December 25

The NBA schedule on Wednesday, which includes the Denver Nuggets taking on the Phoenix Suns, is sure to…

How to Watch the NBA Today, December 25

Wednesday’s NBA schedule features five contests, including the Minnesota Timberwolves versus the Dallas Mavericks. How to watch all…

Tyjae Spears Fantasy Projections: Week 17 vs. the Jaguars

Tyjae Spears and the Tennessee Titans will meet the Jacksonville Jaguars and their 20th-ranked run defense (127.9 yards…

Chigoziem Okonkwo Fantasy Projections: Week 17 vs. the Jaguars

Chigoziem Okonkwo and the Tennessee Titans will face the Jacksonville Jaguars and their 32nd-ranked pass defense (263 yards…

Nick Westbrook-Ikhine Fantasy Projections: Week 17 vs. the Jaguars

In Week 17 (Sunday at 1:00 PM ET), wide receiver Nick Westbrook-Ikhine and the Tennessee Titans will play…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Special Section
More special sections
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Obituaries
Opinions
Arrests
Community
Records
Classifieds
Small Business
Services
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Policies
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Submit A Classified Ad
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Copyright
© 2024, www.elizabethton.com
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.elizabethton.com/2024/10/25/best-bets-odds-for-the-bengals-vs-eagles-game-week-8/ 
 ----- 
