www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 09 05 → Article 1949191
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Thursday, 5 September 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Watch highlights of the last game between Ghana and Angola at the Baba Yara Stadium

« Prev

Next »

Comments (2)

Listen to Article

Share:

Ghana won their last game against Angola

The Black Stars of Ghana take on Angola in the opening game of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Thursday, September 5, 2024.

The two countries will be hoping to begin the qualifying series on a winning note, with Ghana confident of continuing their recent form.

The Black Stars, who will be led by Arsenal midfielder Thomas Partey, know that a win today will put them on the right path for qualification to Morocco. Angola, on the other hand, will be eyeing revenge as their last away game against the Black Stars ended in a painful defeat.

In the game played at the Baba Yara Stadium on March 23, 2023, Ghana left it late to steal a winner through striker Antoine Semenyo.

Semenyo pounced on a loose ball in the Angolan box to give a lacklustre Ghana a win.

Ghana were not particularly exciting in that game, with the team struggling for control at key stages of the match.

The story could, however, be different today as Otto Addo's team have shown signs of progress and cohesion and could secure a win today.

Watch the highlights below



EK

Related Articles:
Kwasi Appiah reveals what Otto Addo told him after Ghana vs Sudan match
Video of Sarkodie in conversation with John Paintsil and Fatau Dauda trends on social media
What ex-President John Kufuor told Nii Lante Vanderpuye about Ministry of Youth and Sports job
Watch how Charles Taylor lost his phone on live TV after losing a bet
Blame Otto Addo for Ghana's AFCON fiasco not GFA or the players - George Alhassan
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 2 comment(s), give your comment
‘God will take care of me’ – Koku Anyi doho ‘rejects’ Mahama appointment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
Dexcom
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Re-collation Suit: Ayikoi Otoo questio ns NPP’s exclusion of NDC Parliame...
More Ghanaian incompetence – Prof essor Steve Hanke blasts Mahama’s...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet CGM. Click here for safety information.
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Legendary Sea Turtle Bracelet
Meet the Legendary Sea Turtle — a charming companion to remind you of the sea turtles you've rescued.Each bracelet...
TeamPlanting
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
Snag one now while supplies last.
YETI Coolers
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
I Gave My Wife an Eternal Rose
Sherum
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Most Brilliant Way To Get Out Of Heavy Debt
Americans are using this new method to clean up their debt
First Advantage
|
Sponsored
Learn More
News
EC official broke down in washroom amid disagreements - Kyei-Mensah-Bonsu shares collation experience
Business
IMF's recommendation led to UT and Capital Banks' license revocation - BoG Governor
Entertainment
Mahama donates GH¢5,000 at actress Mercy Little Smith’s one-week funeral observation
Africa
At least 10 killed after Nigerian military jet targeting bandits bombs civilians
Opinions
The acrimonious contest for superiority between Prophet Badu Kobi and Prophet Owusu Bempah?
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Watch-highlights-of-the-last-game-between-Ghana-and-Angola-at-the-Baba-Yara-Stadium-1949191 
 ----- 
