Font Resizer
Aa
▷ TV3 Live
2024 Election Results
Live
Elections Updates
John Mahama
Dr. Bawumia
3News > Latest Posts > Sports > Football > Jordan Ayew not in Black Stars camp
Jordan Ayew not in Black Stars camp
Jordan Ayew is expected to join the team later on Wednesday
Last updated: September 4, 2024 5:23 am
By
Frank Appiah - Sports Reporter
Share
2 Min Read
SHARE

Ghana striker Jordan Ayew is yet to report to the Black Stars camp as the team intensifies preparations for the clash against Angola in the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers.

The team opened camp on Monday training with just 10 players in Accra before departing to Kumasi the following day where 22 players got involved in rigorous training.

The Leicester City striker was, however, still not in attendance as he was expected to rather touch down in Ghana later on Tuesday night before joining the team in Kumasi. Meanwhile, Jordan Ayew’s Leicester City teammate Fatawu Issahaku was one of the earliest to arrive as he trained on Monday and Tuesday while taking media duties as well.

According to the Communications Director of the Ghana Football Association (GFA), Henry Asante Twum, the former Crystal Palace forward as well as AJ Auxerre midfielder Elisha Owusu are the only absentees and will join the team soon as reported by  Akoma Sports.

22 Black Stars players trained today at the Baba Yara Stadium ahead of the 2025 AFCON qualifiers

Richard Acheampong from Akoma sports watched the training and filed this report #3SportsGH pic.twitter.com/5TsBbxd5CP

— #3Sports (@3SportsGh) September 3, 2024

You May Also Like
 Ghana’s football breakout stars of 2024
 This is the best feeling I’ve ever had – Jeremie Frimpong reflects on Children’s Home donation
 Kwame Opoku’s sublime strike propels Kotoko past Goldstars
 Issahaku’s absence a massive blow to Leicester City survival hopes – Ruud van Nistelrooy
 Black Galaxies head to Uyo for crucial CHAN qualifier against Nigeria

Jordan has been crucial to the Black Stars in recent times scoring eight goals in Ghana’s last five games. Notable among his performances was the hat-trick he netted in Ghana’s last game in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers against Central African Republic at the Baba Yara Stadium.

Ghana will hope to get a repeat over Angola who are aiming to revenge their defeat at the same venue in March 2023 during the 2023 AFCON qualifiers.

The Palancas Negras will train on Wednesday afternoon before Ghana train for the last time to honour the clash on Thursday, September 5, 2024.

Let's Serve You Better

Your feedback is crucial. Tell us what you loved and where we can do better. We are always looking for ways to do better.

Share Feedback!
TAGGED:
2025 AFCON Qualifiers
Angola
black stars
Jordan Ayew
Share This Article
Facebook
By Frank Appiah 
Sports Reporter
Follow:
Frank Appiah is a sports writer with MG Sports, the general sports department of Media General Ghana, serving TV3, 3News, Onua TV and other platforms in the group.
Leave a Comment
Up Next
FOOTBALL
Samartex appoints Christopher Ennin to replace Amadu as new head coach
December 27, 2024
FOOTBALL
Bayer Leverkusen star Jeremie Frimpong launches Pathway project to support Ghanaian youth
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Jeremie Frimpong reveals his Ghanaian football idol
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
I considered playing for Ghana but Holland believed in me- Jeremie Frimpong
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Holy Stars secure win after Bechem United no-show as Lions stay top
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Fulham stun Chelsea with late comeback
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Ajax crowned champions of inaugural Joseph Paintsil U-15 Cup
December 26, 2024
FOOTBALL
Coach Nana Joe Adarkwa leaves Ampem Darkoa Ladies
December 25, 2024
Show More
Infocenter
About Us
About Media General
Contact Us
Advertise
Media Kit
Ghana Politics
Politics
Election Command Centre
National Democratic Congress (NDC)
New Patriotic Party (NPP)
President Akufo-Addo
Follow US
© 2024 MG Digital Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Privacy Policy
Actionable Feedback Policy
Publishing Principles
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://3news.com/sports/football/jordan-ayew-not-in-black-stars-camp/ 
 ----- 
