www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 09 04 → Article 1949013
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Wednesday, 4 September 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

2025 AFCON Qualifiers: Four Angola players Black Stars must be wary of

« Prev

Next »

Comments (0)

Listen to Article

Share:

Mabululu celebrating a goal with his shirt off

Angola will be eyeing an upset and revenge on their return to Kumasi when they meet the Black Stars in their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations Group F opener.

Angola are yet to beat the Black Stars in Ghana and would want to end the long run on Thursday, September 5, 2024.

Both nations faced each other during the 2023 AFCON qualifiers, where Ghana won the first leg 1-0 and drew the second leg 1-1.

Angola Head Coach Pedro Goncalves will count on four key players out of his 26-man squad to make a difference and rewrite the script on Thursday.

Below are four Angolan players to watch

Cristovao Mabululu

Al Ittihad striker Mabululu is the main man for Angola. He missed their 1-0 defeat to the Black Stars the last time and would want to make an impact on his return.

Mabululu was one of the breakout stars of the 2023 AFCON, scoring three goals, including an exquisite goal against Namibia.

Gelson Dala

Gelson Dala will look to cause havoc for the Ghanaian defence down the left. He was a thorn in the flesh during the last match between the two countries in Luanda.

The Al-Wakrah winger has scored one goal and provided one assist in three games.

Fredy Kulembe

Fredy Kulembe is the skipper of Angola and gives the team control in midfield with his intelligent passing and ball retention.

He plays for Eyüpspor in the Turkish top-flight league.

Kialonda Gaspar

Kialonda Gaspar is the leader at the back for Angola. The towering defender has a commanding presence that often gives him an advantage over his opponents.

The 26-year-old plays for Lecce in Serie A. He has scored one goal and assisted another in three games this season.


EE/EK

Related Articles:
Kwasi Appiah reveals what Otto Addo told him after Ghana vs Sudan match
Video of Sarkodie in conversation with John Paintsil and Fatau Dauda trends on social media
What ex-President John Kufuor told Nii Lante Vanderpuye about Ministry of Youth and Sports job
Watch how Charles Taylor lost his phone on live TV after losing a bet
Blame Otto Addo for Ghana's AFCON fiasco not GFA or the players - George Alhassan
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has no comments yet, be the first to comment
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
Click Here
I Gave My Wife an Eternal Rose
Sherum
|
Sponsored
Learn More
I Tried the $0.87 Generic Viagra and Here's What Happened!
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
YETI Coolers
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Legendary Sea Turtle Bracelet
TeamPlanting
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
News
EC official broke down in washroom amid disagreements - Kyei-Mensah-Bonsu shares collation experience
Business
IMF's recommendation led to UT and Capital Banks' license revocation - BoG Governor
Entertainment
Mahama donates GH¢5,000 at actress Mercy Little Smith’s one-week funeral observation
Africa
At least 10 killed after Nigerian military jet targeting bandits bombs civilians
Opinions
The acrimonious contest for superiority between Prophet Badu Kobi and Prophet Owusu Bempah?
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/2025-AFCON-Qualifiers-Four-Angola-players-Black-Stars-must-be-wary-of-1949013 
 ----- 
