English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: Zimbabwe vs Bangladesh MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain and Vice-captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: Zimbabwe vs Bangladesh MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain and Vice-captain and More
Check out the fantasy prediction of Zimbabwe vs Bangladesh match on October 30, 2022, at The Gabba, Brisbane.

AAKASH SRIVASTAVA
Author

Updated - 28 Oct 2022 11:24 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details:

Date: October 30, 2022
Time: 8:30 AM IST
Venue: The Gabba, Brisbane
Ball-by-Ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview:


The 28th match of the T20 World Cup will bring high-on confidence Zimbabwe up against struggling Bangladesh on Sunday at the Gabba, Brisbane. Both the teams had a contrasting result in their last fixture   as Bangladesh were decimated by South Africa and suffered defeat by 104 runs, while Zimbabwe clinched a thriller against Pakistan in the last over. 

It will be a great opportunity for Zimbabwe to prove everyone that win against Pakistan was not just a luck, but they are here with a mission. Let’s look at the fantasy prediction for Zimbabwe vs Bangladesh match on October 30, 2022, at the Gabba, Brisbane.


Weather Report:


  


Pitch Report:


  


Team Analysis:


Zimbabwe: 

Craig Ervine-led side stunned the cricket fraternity with their bowling against Pakistan on Thursday evening. 36-year-old Sikandar Raza and Sean Williams are two prolific all-rounders in the squad and must be first-choice picks. Brad Evans, Luke Jungwe, and Blessing Muzarabani are other couple of decent option one must consider. Zimbabwe skipper Craig Ervine is also a good option as he possesses great potential to bat at the top-order.


Probable XI:


Wesley Madhevere, Craig Ervine (c), Milton Shumba, Sean Williams, Sikandar Raza, Regis Chakabva (wk), Ryan Burl, Luke Jongwe, Brad Evans, Richard Ngarava, Blessing Muzarabani


Bangladesh:


Shakib Al Hasan-led side was complete crushed by South Africa in their last fixture. Litton Das was the top-scorer with his knock of 34 runs in 31 deliveries as the rest of the batters succumbed infront of South Africa.  

Top-order batter Najmul Hossain Shanto played a fine innings in their first game and will be crucial once again. Afif Hossain will be another vital clog in the middle-order. Players like Shakib Al Hasan, Taskin Ahmed, Soumya Sarkar and Mosaddek Hossain must be considered while forming fantasy team due to their rich experience.


Probable XI:


Najmul Hossain Shanto, Soumya Sarkar, Litton Das, Shakib Al Hasan (c), Afif Hossain, Yasir Ali, Nurul Hasan (wk), Mosaddek Hossain, Taskin Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, Hasan Mahmud


Key Players:

  


People's Pick:

  


Grand League team:


Head-to-head  team:

Best 14:

Wicketkeepers : Nurul Hasan, Regis Chakabva
Batters: Litton Das, Milton Shumba, Craig Ervine, Afif Hossain, Soumya Sarkar
All-rounders: Sikandar Raza, Sean Williams, Mosaddek Hossain, Mehidy Hasan Mirza
Bowlers : Brad Evans, Taskin Ahmed, Hasan Mahmud

Disclaimer:  The opinions expressed within this article are the author's point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.


T20 World CupZimbabweBangladesh
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/zim-vs-ban-dream11-prediction-zimbabwe-vs-bangladesh-fantasy-picks-probable-playing-xis-grand-league-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview-zim-vs-ban-t20-world-cup-live-at-830-am-follow-live-updates-best-fantasy-team 
 ----- 
