NEWSLETTERS
NFL News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Power Rankings
USA Today Images
The most overpaid & underpaid players at every NFL position
Updated October 01, 2023  |  By Seth Trachtman

The NFL salary cap creates challenges as teams try to build a championship squad. Here's a look at some of the most overpaid and underpaid players at each position entering the 2023 season. Salaries are based on cap hits from Spotrac.com.

 
1 of 26
Underpaid quarterback: Brock Purdy, San Francisco 49ers
Kyle Terada / USA Today Sports Images

The 49ers could afford to be big spenders during the offseason while employing seventh-round pick Purdy as their starter under center. Entering his second NFL season, Purdy is set to make less than $900,000 this season and won't make more than $1.1 million through the 2025 season. It's quite a luxury that should allow San Francisco to continue building around him.

 
2 of 26
Overpaid quarterback: Russell Wilson, Denver Broncos
Jay Biggerstaff / USA Today Sports Images

Denver is hopeful Sean Payton can fix Wilson after the disaster that was last season. His cap hit is tied for the sixth highest at the position ($22 million), but Wilson went 4-11 as a starter with a poor 36.7 QBR last season.

 
3 of 26
Underpaid running back: Isiah Pacheco, Kansas City Chiefs
Jay Biggerstaff / USA Today Sports Images

A seventh-round pick last year, Pacheco emerged as the starting running back for the Super Bowl champion Chiefs. He's set to make less than $900,000 this season and looking to capitalize on a season in which he finished with 960 yards from scrimmage and five touchdowns.

 
4 of 26
Overpaid running back: Cordarrelle Patterson, Atlanta Falcons
Brett Davis / USA Today Sports Images

Patterson earned a contract extension after his breakout 2021 season but saw his production fall last year, particularly in the passing game. At age 32, he will count $5.5 million against the cap this year, but his role could decline further after the Falcons drafted Bijan Robinson.

 
5 of 26
Underpaid wide receiver: Amon-Ra St. Brown, Detroit Lions
Tork Mason / USA Today Sports Images

St. Brown appears to be the steal of the 2021 draft as a fourth-round pick, now with 2,000 yards receiving over the last two years. He will count just over $1.1 million against the cap in 2023.

 
6 of 26
Overpaid wide receiver: Michael Thomas, New Orleans Saints
Brett Davis / USA Today Sports Images

Thomas is no longer the highest-paid wideout in the NFL, but his cap hit of over $14 million in 2023 still puts him in the top 10. He's been unable to stay healthy over the last three seasons, including only three games played last year.

 
7 of 26
Underpaid tight end: Chig Okonkwo, Tennessee Titans
George Walker IV / USA Today Sports Images

Tennessee was thrilled with what they saw from Okonkwo in his rookie season. The fourth-round rookie emerged late in the year, finishing with 32 catches for 450 yards and three touchdowns. He will count just under $1 million against the cap this season.

 
8 of 26
Overpaid tight end: Will Dissly, Seattle Seahawks
Gary A. Vasquez / USA Today Sports Images

Dissly's contract is a real head-scratcher, as he counts nearly $9.2 million against the cap in 2023 and shares tight-end duties with Noah Fant. His presence in the passing game has been nominal, including only 34 catches for 349 yards and three touchdowns in 2023.

 
9 of 26
Underpaid offensive tackle: Tyler Smith, Dallas Cowboys
Kevin Jairaj / USA Today Sports Images

Smith was extremely valuable in his rookie season, playing all over the line for the Cowboys. The 2022 first-round pick could serve either at guard or tackle this year, and the versatility by itself makes him a bargain with a cap hit of just over $3 million.

 
10 of 26
Overpaid offensive tackle: Ronnie Stanley, Baltimore Ravens
Sam Greene / USA Today Sports Images

Stanley is capable when he's on the field, but the veteran has seen one injury after another over the last three seasons. He played only 11 games last season, but his cap hit remains the fourth highest among all tackles this year at nearly $23.7 million.

 
11 of 26
Underpaid offensive guard: Teven Jenkins, Chicago Bears
Kamil Krzaczynski / USA Today Sports Images

Jenkins missed most of his rookie season due to injury but made up for lost time last year with elite play at guard for the Bears. The former second-round pick has a cap hit of nearly $2.3 million in 2023.

 
12 of 26
Overpaid offensive guard: Andrus Peat, New Orleans Saints
Kyle Terada / USA Today Sports Images

Peat is one of the highest-paid guards in the game, drawing a cap hit of nearly $9 million this season. The veteran has missed time in every season of his career and has played a combined 17 games over the last two seasons.

 
13 of 26
Underpaid center: Creed Humphrey, Kansas City Chiefs
Denny Medley / USA Today Sports Images

Humphrey's play has been at or near the top of the league since he was drafted in the second round in 2021. He made his first Pro Bowl last season, but his cap hit is approximately $1.5 million in 2023.

 
14 of 26
Overpaid center: Brian Allen, Los Angeles Rams
Kirby Lee / USA Today Sports Images

Allen has been solid when available, but the Rams center has missed significant time in two of the last three seasons. He played only seven games in 2022, but his cap hit is over $3 million this year.

 
15 of 26
Underpaid defensive end: Greg Rousseau, Buffalo Bills
Jamie Germano / USA Today Sports Images

Rousseau has developed into the player Buffalo hoped for when they spent a first-round pick in 2021. He recorded eight sacks in only 13 games, creating a great pass-rushing tandem early in the season with Von Miller.

 
16 of 26
Overpaid defensive end: Emmanuel Ogbah, Miami Dolphins
Sam Navarro / USA Today Sports Images

Ogbah would like to forget about 2022, playing only nine games due to injury and recorded just one sack. His cap hit heading into this season is over $17 million as he hopes to rebound.

 
17 of 26
Underpaid defensive tackle: DaVon Hamilton, Jacksonville Jaguars
Eric Hartline / USA Today Sports Images

Hamilton saw a nice uptick in snaps and production for the Jaguars season, finishing with 46 tackles and 2.5 sacks. The fourth-year player has become a force, but his cap hit remains less than $3.9 million this season.

 
18 of 26
Overpaid defensive tackle: D.J. Jones, Denver Broncos
Stephen R. Sylvanie / USA Today Sports Images

Denver paid Jones like an elite defensive tackle when he was brought over from the 49ers last year, but the early returns aren't great. He had only 34 tackles and two sacks in 15 games, and his cap hit is nearly $13 million in 2023.

 
19 of 26
Underpaid outside linebacker: Micah Parsons, Dallas Cowboys
Jerome Miron / USA Today Sports Images

Parson's payday will come soon enough, but until then, he will remain one of the most underpaid players in the NFL as an elite pass rusher. He's been an All-Pro in both of his NFL seasons, totaling 26.5 sacks. Parsons' cap hit is less than $4.7 million this season.

 
20 of 26
Overpaid outside linebacker: Randy Gregory, Denver Broncos
Ron Chenoy / USA Today Sports Images

Gregory struggled in his first season away from Dallas, with only two sacks in six games while missing most of the year due to injury. His cap hit is over $16 million this season, 13th highest among edge rushers.

 
21 of 26
Underpaid inside linebacker: Nick Bolton, Kansas City Chiefs
Bill Streicher / USA Today Sports Images

Bolton was one of the heroes of the Super Bowl for the Chiefs as well as a team captain throughout the season. He recorded 180 tackles and two sacks during the regular season. As Bolton enters his third year, the former second-round pick has a cap hit of less than $1.6 million.

 
22 of 26
Overpaid inside linebacker: Kenneth Murray, Los Angeles Chargers
Trevor Ruszkowski / USA Today Sports Images

The run defense and inside linebacker have been a problem for the Chargers recently, and Murray's struggles are part of the reason. The former first-round pick could lose snaps to Eric Kendricks this season, but his cap hit is over $4.1 million this season.

 
23 of 26
Underpaid cornerback: Tariq Woolen, Seattle Seahawks
Philip G. Pavely / USA Today Sports Images

Woolen was a revelation for the Seahawks as a rookie from the fifth round, making the Pro Bowl and finishing third in the Defensive Rookie of the Year balloting. He led the league with six interceptions, coming into his own at corner. Woolen's cap hit is still less than $1 million in 2023.

 
24 of 26
Overpaid cornerback: J.C. Jackson, Los Angeles Chargers
Kirby Lee / USA Today Sports Images

The Chargers made Jackson one of the highest-paid defensive backs in the NFL last year, but the first year was a nightmare. He played only five games due to multiple injuries. Jackson's cap hit is $17 million this season.

 
25 of 26
Underpaid safety: Kyle Hamilton, Baltimore Ravens
Tommy Gilligan / USA Today Sports Images

Baltimore's top pick in the 2022 draft, Hamilton was terrific in his rookie campaign as the top safety in the NFL, according to Pro Football Focus. His cap hit is just under $3.7 million this season.

 
26 of 26
Overpaid safety: Jamal Adams, Seattle Seahawks
Brace Hemmelgarn / USA Today Sports Images

If Adams didn't have bad luck, he'd have no luck at all with one injury after another recently. He played only one game last season, and is looking to rebound in 2023. His cap hit is over $18 million, third highest among safeties.

Seth Trachtman is a sportswriter, digital marketer, and fantasy sports expert based in St. Louis, Missouri. He’s a two-time winner of the Tout Wars Fantasy Baseball Expert’s League, and his work has appeared in hundreds of fantasy baseball and fantasy football newsstand and online publications. He’s a University of Missouri alum and long-suffering turned spoiled Kansas City Chiefs fan. Seth doesn't often Tweet, but when he does, you can find him on Twitter/X @sethroto.

More must-reads:

Five takeaways from AP NFL All-Pro Team
NFL X factors: AFC wild-card playoffs
The 'Active NFL wild-card rushing leaders' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…

Shortly after, New York Giants co-owner John Mara confirmed on Monday that he was retaining both head coach Brian Daboll and general manager Joe Schoen, and multiple Giants players publicly backed those decisions. It appears some locker room members privately sang different tunes early into the offseason. "Multiple players said they were 'surprised' Daboll was retained," ESPN's Jordan Raanan revealed in a lengthy article published on Friday. "Some said they were fine with the decision, in part, because he's a player-friendly coach — open to feedback and incorporates a favorable schedule that hardly wore them down. ...The players seem to like Daboll, the person, even though they see signs his program is not destined for success." Since the Daboll-Schoen partnership guided the 2022 Giants to a road playoff win, Big Blue has gone 9-26 (including the postseason) and is coming off a disastrous 3-14 campaign that included the franchise parting ways with Week 1 starting quarterback Daniel Jones in November. Multiple players previously made it known they felt current Philadelphia Eagles running back Saquon Barkley's "presence in the locker room was underestimated by the Giants' brass" before the club let Barkley reach free agency last March. At least one player told Raanan that "it's like your only option is to blindly trust" that New York's regime knows what it's doing. "It's like they make moves off Twitter," a different league source "with knowledge of the Giants' inner workings" told Raanan. The Giants hold the third overall pick for a 2025 draft class that, at best, features two first-round talents at quarterback — Miami's Cam Ward and Colorado's Shedeur Sanders. Barring a surprising development, Schoen will have to either make a blockbuster trade to get one of those signal-callers or address the position later in the draft after he signs a veteran "bridge option" in free agency. "Insecurity, lack of accountability, conviction and veteran leadership in the locker room were some of the reasons pinpointed by those who took stock of what went wrong," Raanan added about what "20 players and coaches" said about the Giants' 2024 season. "This kind of calamity left those on the outside (and inside) wondering whether Schoen and Daboll should be the ones making the decision about the next quarterback or anything else in the organization." For whatever reason, Mara trusts that Schoen and Daboll can make such massive calls and begin a turnaround that includes the club competing for at least a playoff berth this coming December. Along with finding a new starting quarterback for 2025, it seems Schoen and Daboll will also have to win back some players they lost during a season just about everybody involved should want to forget.

NFL
Wan’Dale Robinson hints at why Daniel Jones may have struggled with…
The 25 worst trades in the history of the NFL
NFL
Maxx Crosby Makes Major Personal…
NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…
What cities should get an NFL expansion team?
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…

We have surprising news regarding a goaltender, who was on the rise within the Montreal Canadiens organization. Many believed he could be part of the organization's medium/long-term plans, but all signs now suggest otherwise. Despite a strong start with the Laval Rocket and the fact that many believed he would be recalled by the Montreal Canadiens just a few weeks ago, everything indicates that Connor Hughes' adventure in Laval/Montreal is coming to an end. According to latest reports, expect to see Connor Hughes return to Switzerland next season. Of course, this could always change by the summer, but for now, everything unfortunately indicates that Hughes will return to Europe at the end of the season. A return to Europe as early as this summer for Connor Hughes? Here's what has just been reported. "Goaltender Connor Hughes, currently with the Montreal Canadiens organization, is expected to return to Switzerland next season." And Charles-Alexis Brisebois adds this: "In the Swiss media outlet Watson, the term 'stuck' is used to describe Hughes' situation in Laval and in the Canadiens' depth chart. [...] And another interesting point, in this Swiss Habs article: his agent has reportedly offered him to Swiss clubs, including Lausanne, for the 2025-2026 season." Connor Hughes, 28 years old, 6-feet-4 inches tall, and weighing 231 pounds, has a record of 9-6-1 this season with the Laval Rocket, with a goals-against average of 2.51 and a save percentage of 0.904. After an incredible start, things have been a bit more difficult for Hughes and the Rocket recently. Let's remember that he spent most of his professional career in Switzerland.

Entertainment
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
NHL
New York Rangers Star Reportedly Shuts Down Trade To Western…

Mika Zibanejad's name has been thrown into potential trades with the Vancouver Canucks, but now he's officially shut down any potential of a move. Over the past few weeks, trade talks between the New York Rangers and Vancouver Canucks have been repeatedly taking place, with GM Chris Drury looking to acquire star forward J.T. Miller. According to reports, the Canucks rejected a deal that involved star forward Mika Zibanejad, with the team looking to add Braden Schneider to the deal, something that New York have seemingly not entertained at this point in time. Now, a report from Nick Kypreos has revealed that a deal involving these pieces now officially can't happen, with Zibanejad using his No Movement Clause to reject a deal to Vancouver. Zibanejad shut down going to Vancouver...As of today, I'm told Zibanejad does not want to go to the Vancouver Canucks. It's unclear exactly what happened to cause Zibanejad to take this stance, as Vancouver would give him a solid shot at chasing the Stanley Cup, but with many factors coming into play, this is the decision that he's reportedly made. Earlier in the season, it was reported that No. 93 had no interest in waiving his NMC for any team, but given the Rangers' struggles, he has reportedly softened on that stance, making it possible that he could be interested in a trade to certain teams. For whatever reason though, Vancouver is not one of the teams that he's interested in joining, and if New York is still desperate to get Miller, they may have to do so without moving Zibanejad. With many teams interested in landing either Elias Pettersson or Miller, a potential blockbuster coming out of Vancouver is still on the cards, but for now, don't expect to see them acquiring No. 93 in any potential deal.

NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NBA
Pacers player who must be traded soon
MLB
Yankees land incredible bargain on exciting infielder
MLB
Red Sox Projected To Target $38M Rising Star In Blockbuster Triston…
NFL
Colts make huge Anthony Richardson decision ahead of…
NBA
Zion Williamson gets suspended after playing a single game
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NBA
Jimmy Butler takes apparent shot at Heat…
NHL
RDS Analyst Proposes Entertaining 1-for-1 Trade Involving…
NHL
Toronto Maple Leafs Reportedly Set Their Limit On a Potential…

The Toronto Maple Leafs want to bring back Mitch Marner this off-season, and now they've reportedly agreed on a limit that they will pay him to make it happen. For quite some time, the story of a potential Mitch Marner extension has been a huge story in Toronto, and now with his pending free agency quickly approaching, it's about to come to a head, one way or another. In the midst of a career year, Marner's value is continuing to go up, and at 27 years of age with a huge career ahead of him, the time for Marner to cash in with a long-term deal is now. Now, TSN's Pierre LeBrun has weighed in on the situation, noting that the team, much like Colorado doesn't want to make their upcoming free agents their highest-paid players, with Nathan MacKinnon and Auston Matthews currently holding the mantle for their respective teams. "It's not been a headline story which is unbelievable. What I would tell you is that there is no question that part of the dialogue that is a stumbling block is that much like Nathan MacKinnon's cap number much like Mikko Rantanen, they are pointing to Auston Matthews and I understand from a team perspective. So, what does LeBrun think the number is in Toronto? According to him, the team has a hard limit of $13 million, with the team likely happy to pay him around the $12.5 million AAV mark. "It comes down to this. I don't think the Leafs feel they can or will pay more than $13M, $12.5M? Is that enough for an 8-year deal? If that's where it is, that's the I think that's the clear line of demarcation, $13 million a year." At this point in 2024/25, Marner is on track to pass 100 points for the first time in his career, and while many teammates in Toronto want him back, there will be interest around the league, and if the Leafs aren't willing to go over $12.5 million, we may see another team swoop in and land the young star.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NFL News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nfl/articles/the_most_overpaid_underpaid_players_at_every_nfl_position_100123/s1__38839483 
 ----- 
