Skip to content
Subscribe Now
20°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Miguel Cabrera and Terry Francona close careers as Tigers beat Guardians 5-2
Detroit Tigers’ Miguel Cabrera reacts to the audience before the first inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023, in Detroit. Cabrera is playing his last game before retirement. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: October 1, 2023 at 6:29 PM EDT

By Larry Lage

DETROIT (AP) — Miguel Cabrera made a backhanded stop, stepped on first base and smiled in the eighth inning on the final play of his career, and the Detroit Tigers beat the Cleveland Guardians 5-2 Sunday.

The game also marked the end of Terry Francona’s career, Cleveland’s manager, who led Boston to a pair of World Series titles, is set to retire this week.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season

Francona said the day belonged to Cabrera.

It most certainly did.

The only player to win the Triple Crown in more than a half-century went 0 for 3 with a walk in his last plate appearance. He made his season debut at first base, where he was the only player on the field for a couple minutes as players from both teams showed deference to one of the game’s all-time greats.

Guardians outfielder Steven Kwan hit a sharp grounder that Cabrera stopped without needing to move too far to make an unassisted out, setting off another roar from the crowd and triggering a wave of emotions for him.

Cabrera covered his heart with his cap and looked up at a blue sky.

His children came onto the field along with Tigers manager A.J. Hinch to embrace him. After the entire team — including pitchers from the bullpen — hugged him, Cabrera used his right arm to wipe tears from his eyes.

Cabrera’s children — Isabella, Brisel and Christopher — each threw a ceremonial first pitch to their father before the game and his son introduced the 12-time All-Star as he walked to the batter’s box in the first.

1 of 11

Detroit Tigers' Miguel Cabrera reacts to the audience before the first inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Sunday, Oct. 1, 2023, in Detroit. Cabrera is playing his last game before retirement. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)

The sold-out crowd, which included a few thousand people with standing-room only tickets, stood and roared each time Cabrera came to the plate.

Even after he struck out in his first two at-bats and hit a weak popup in his third, 41,425 fans cheered for one of the most popular players in Detroit professional sports history.

There was a lot to like.

Cabrera became Major League Baseball’s only Triple Crown winner since 1967 in 2012, when he was named AL MVP for the first of two straight years during a run of winning three straight batting titles and four consecutive division titles.

He joined Hank Aaron and Albert Pujols last year as the three players in baseball history with 3,000 hits, 500 homers and 600 doubles.

Atlanta Braves superstar Ronald Acuña Jr. called Cabrera “a Venezuelan baseball god.”

The 40-year-old Cabrera was mortal in recent years, struggling to stay healthy and falling well short of the spectacular numbers he had at the plate in his prime.

The Tigers kept the crowd happy early in the game, scoring one run each of the first three innings on Kerry Carpenter’s single, Javier Baez’s double and Andy Ibanez’s base hit.

Cleveland cut the deficit to 3-1 in the fourth on Brayan Rocchi’s groundout and pulled within two runs on Tyler Freeman’s solo shot to left in the fifth. In the home half, Matt Vierling restored Detroit’s three-run lead with a two-run homer.

UP AND DOWN

The Tigers (78-84) won 12 more games than they did a year ago and secured second place, their best finish in the AL Central since 2016 when they had their last winning record.

Cleveland (76-86) slipped from its 92-win season from a year ago, when it earned a spot in the postseason for the sixth time in Francona’s 11 seasons.

FOR THE RECORD

Eduardo Rodriguez (13-9) gave up two runs — one earned — on four hits and a walk while striking out five in what might have been his Detroit finale. The left-hander can opt out of his contract’s final three seasons to become a free agent, giving up $49 million in guaranteed salary and potentially making much more on the market.

Lucas Giolito (1-4) allowed five runs on seven hits and four walks.

UP NEXT

Cleveland and Detroit both begin 2024 spring training with games on Feb. 24.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
rankupwards.com
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Revelation That Will Change Everything!
Tardive
Council Bluffs: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
6 Ways to Save Money in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
The Fungus Will Disappear in 2 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Nuubu
Early Warning Signs of Crohn`s Disease! (Click Here to Take a Look!)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
10 Foods You Should Never Eat at Dinner
HEALTH NATURAL
Struggling to Stay Hydrated? This Might Be The Answer
Liquid I.V.
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Discovery That Will Blow Your Mind!
Tardive Dyskinesia
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Left Shoked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health News | Diabetes
15 Foods You Must Avoid for Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See the List!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Banks Offering Council Bluffs Homes at Massive Discounts. Don't Miss Out!
Real Estate Sales
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
What Causes Tnbc (Find out More!)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Over 50 & Swollen Legs? Do This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
People Over 45 With Neuropathy Are in for a Big Surprise (It's Genius)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Health News | Joint Pain
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2023
October
1
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/10/01/miguel-cabrera-and-terry-francona-close-careers-as-tigers-beat-guardians-5-2/ 
 ----- 
