CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 02:42, January 2, 2024 | Updated: 02:53, January 2, 2024
Salah scores twice as league-leading Liverpool beat Newcastle
By Reuters
Share

Newcastle United's Dutch defender #04 Sven Botman heads home their second goal during the English Premier League football match between Liverpool and Newcastle United at Anfield in Liverpool, north west England on Jan 1, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

LIVERPOOL, England - Mohamed Salah's second-half brace made up for a missed penalty as Liverpool kicked off the new year three points clear atop the Premier League standings with a 4-2 victory over Newcastle United at a rain-drenched Anfield on Monday.


Juergen Klopp's team, who began the day level with Aston Villa on points, now have 45 from 20 games. Villa have 42 points while Manchester City, who have played one fewer game, are third on 40. Newcastle are ninth on 29.

"It was a sensational game from my team," Klopp told BBC. "We started extremely lively. Super game. I loved so many aspects of the game bar the goals we conceded.

"Unbelievable atmosphere. Counter-pressing wise it was for football schools," he added. "They have to watch that, take it and keep it. It was everything good."

The 31-year-old Salah, who has 151 Premier League goals for Liverpool, changed his boots at halftime and the switch paid off handsomely. His two goals moved him even with City's Erling Haaland as joint top scorers with 14 goals. He is the joint top on assists, level with Villa's Ollie Watkins on eight.

Liverpool's Hungarian midfielder #08 Dominik Szoboszlai (left) vies with Newcastle United's English midfielder #36 Sean Longstaff (right) during the English Premier League football match between Liverpool and Newcastle United at Anfield in Liverpool, north west England on Jan 1, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

Liverpool dominated the game, and Salah, who had fired a first-half penalty straight at goalkeeper Martin Dubravka, finally broke the deadlock in the 49th minute when Darwin Nunez cut the ball across to the Egyptian for a close-range finish.

Alexander Isak scored against the run of play with Newcastle's second shot of the game in the 54th minute when he ran onto a through ball from Anthony Gordon and knocked it past keeper Alisson into the far corner.


ALSO READ: Liverpool go top, United rally to beat Villa

However, Curtis Jones put the home side back in front in the 74th minute with a tap-in after a pass across goal from Diogo Jota, and Cody Gakpo scored four minutes later.

Sven Botman pulled one back for Newcastle in the 81st before Salah, who was playing his last game before departing for the African Cup of Nations, struck from the penalty spot after Jota had been fouled by Dubravka to seal the win in the 86th.

Liverpool's Uruguayan striker #09 Darwin Nunez (second left) fails to find the target with this header during the English Premier League football match between Liverpool and Newcastle United at Anfield in Liverpool, north west England on Jan 1, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

"Crazy match. Both sides created chances," Dubravka, 34, told Sky Sports. "I was there to try to help my team mates. Unfortunately they created so many chances and were clinical."

Liverpool were on the front foot against Newcastle virtually from kickoff, and a superb display by keeper Dubravka kept the visitors in the game.

The hosts had 18 shots in the first half to Newcastle's one, their most in the first half of a Premier League game since April 2016 against Everton.

Liverpool's early chances were met by groans from the Anfield crowd, including Trent Alexander-Arnold's strike following Salah's missed penalty that he launched well over the crossbar.

ALSO READ: Liverpool need slice of luck amid injury crisis, says Klopp

Alexander-Arnold also had a long shot at a tight angle hit the far post.

But they finally found the net after the break and the floodgates opened.

Liverpool's Mohamed Salah (left) scores his side's fourth goal from penalty spot during the English Premier League soccer match between Liverpool and Newcastle, at Anfield stadium in Liverpool, England, on Jan 1, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

"It's a great result for us. The game was very intense and we managed to pick up three points and now we are top of the table. We need to stay calm and win every game," Salah told Sky Sports.

"The players spoke in the dressing room (at halftime). 'We have to stay calm'. I missed the pen. I didn't want to leave for the national team with that performance."

Newcastle have now lost four of their last five league matches and face champions Manchester City on Jan. 13 after their FA Cup third round meeting with fierce rivals Sunderland on Saturday.

"A lot happened. Action packed game. We're disappointed with the way we defended," Newcastle manager Eddie Howe said.

Howe argued Salah's second penalty, awarded when Dubravka dove in to stop Jota and the Liverpool player appeared to take two steps before stumbling, should not have stood.

READ MORE: Everton out of bottom three after 3-0 win over Newcastle

"It shouldn't be given. Martin has pulled his hand away. He's had two steps before going down. For me it's not a penalty," Howe said. "We feel hard done by."

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Olympic badminton champion Huang to retire from Chinese national team
A smashing outlook
Serving up a singular year
China rings in 2025 with sports celebrations of tradition, health, and joy
US beats China to reach United Cup semis
Ethiopian football captain finds inspiration in China's 'Village Super League'
Arsenal beat Brentford to close gap on Liverpool
Arsenal must keep hammering away at Liverpool's lead, says Arteta
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2025. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/369291 
 ----- 
