BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

CRICKET

South American Championships: Ahir-Powered Panama Trump Brazil, Lift Maiden Trophy

Panama put 128 runs on the board and then limited Brazil to just 102 in the Seropedica final, becoming the second team from outside South America to clinch the title

O
Outlook Sports Desk
Updated on: 14 October 2024 1:54 pm
Getting your Trinity Audio player ready...
Panama are the fifth different side to win the South American Championships title. Photo: File

The Ahirs came to the fore as Panama won their maiden South American title, defeating hosts Brazil in the Seropedica final on Sunday (October 13, 2024). Panama's starting XI featured as many as eight players with the Ahir surname. (More Cricket News)

Asked to set a target in the South American Men's Championships 2024 title clash at Sao Fernando Polo and Cricket Club, Panama rode Khandubhai Ahir's 32-ball 40 to post 128 all out in 19.1 overs. The Ahirs collectively contributed 68 runs in the total.

Three Panama batters posted double-figure scores, but the second-highest contribution in the innings came from extras -- 25 (19 wides, four byes and two leg byes).

For Brazil, Luis Rodrigues claimed three wickets (3/25) while Kawsar Khan (2/14), Iuri Simao (2/18), and Yasar Haroon (2/27) took a brace each after Australia-born Greigor Caisley won the toss and opted to bowl first.

Panama's defence started with the run out of William Maximo, effected by Sanjay Kumar Ahir in the second over. Then, skipper Lalu Bhai Ahir had his rival number caught behind as Panama jolted the hosts' title charge.

It was 14/2 in the second over, and Brazil never recovered even though a seventh-wicket stand between Lucas Maximo (25 off 29) and Luis Rodrigues (24 off 34) did try to revive the chase.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Nevada Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if You Live in These Zip Codes
Financebuzz
Nevada Drivers Fed Up With Auto Insurance Rates
Auto Insurance Offers
Princess Kate Lives In This House Now, Take A Look Inside
TheDecorIdeas
New SUVs Many Don't Realize Are Loaded With Luxury (Take A Look)
GoSearches | Search Ads
Hong Kong Cricket Sixes: Robin Uthappa To Lead India - Check Full Squad

BY Outlook Sports Desk

Lalu Bhai, a right-arm medium pacer, claimed three wickets for 23 runs in four overs while sharing the new ball with Sanjay Kumar Ahir (1/11). In an all-Ahir attack, Dilip Dahyabhai got a brace (2/24) and Anilkumar Natubhai took one (1/23). Jay Ahir also completed his four-over quota but returned wicketless after conceding 19 runs.

The Brazil innings ended with the run out of Gabriel Oliveira in the last delivery of the match, and 26 runs short of the 129-run target.

Brief Scores:

Panama: 128 all out (Khandubhai Ahir - 40, Yusyf Kachhalia - 24; Luis Rodrigues - 3/25)

Brazil: 102/9 (Lucas Maximo - 25 not out, Luis Rodrigues - 24 retired hurt; Lalu Bhai Ahir - 3/23)

Playing XIs

Panama: Jay Ahir, Ketan Bhai Ahir, Yusyf Kachhalia, Anilkumar Natubhai Ahir, Khandubhai Ahir (wk), Parth Suman Bhai Ahir, Sohel Ebrahim Desai, Dilip Dahyabhai Ahir, Lalu Bhai Ahir (c), Faizal Salehji, Sanjay Kumar Ahir.

Brazil: William Maximo,Greigor Caisley (c), Muhammad Saleem, Yasar Haroon, Luiz Muller, Michel Assuncao, Lucas Maximo (wk), Luis Rodrigues, Kawsar Khan, Iuri Simao, Gabriel Oliveira.

South American Cricket Championship Explained

Established in 1995, the South American Cricket Championship is essentially a continental competition. Eight teams, divided into two groups of four teams each, partook in the 2024 edition. Brazil finished as Group A toppers ahead of Mexico, Peru and Colombia, while Panama took Group B honours ahead of Argentina, Chile and Uruguay.

Argentina, the 12-time champions, are the most dominant side but it has seen non-South American teams also taking the crown. Panama are the fifth different side and second from outside the geographical confines of South America to lift the trophy.

Mexico have won it twice, in 2014 and 2018. Guyana, however, remains the country with the strongest cricketing legacy in continental South America.

Interestingly, Guyana have also won the South American Cricket Championship twice when they sent 'masters teams' of retired or overaged players, understandably so, for the 2004 and 2007 editions (competed in 40 overs format). But since the turn of the 2010s, the tournament has become a 20-over affair.

Women's T20 WC: AUS-W Become The First Team To Qualify For SFs - In Pics

BY Photo Webdesk

The women's equivalent, started in 2007, is an Argentina-Brazil duopoly. Argentina were the undisputed champions in its first six editions, but Brazil won six of the next seven iterations, including the 2024 tournament at home.

Held under the aegis of the ICC Americas, a body that governs the sport in Northern America, Central America, South America, and the Caribbean, the tournament is yet to gain global recognition. But it continues to serve as a battleground for expatriates from former Commonwealth countries.

Panama cricket, for that matter of fact, has a strong Indian link. And evidently, the Ahirs have taken the onus to uplift the game in this Central American country to themselves.

Concentrated in northern India otherwise, the Ahir community of traditionally non-elite pastoralists has significant presence in Nepal, Mauritius, Fiji, South Africa and the Caribbean, especially Guyana, Trinidad and Tobago, and Suriname.

Advertisement
Tags
Cricket
ICC (International Cricket Council)
Match Report
South America
Panama
PREVIOUS STORY
India Vs Australia, 5th Test Day 2 Live Score: Pant On The Charge, Takes IND Lead Over 100
NEXT STORY
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Injured Jasprit Bumrah Leaves SCG, Virat Kohli Leading India Against Australia
Kate's New House Is Gorgeous, See Inside
TheDecorIdeas
|
Sponsored
Nevada: Homeowners Are Saving Big On New Windows
WindowGuides
|
Sponsored
Here's How Homeowners Across The U.S. Are Buildin...
Great Western Buildings
|
Sponsored
Hollywood Actress Attributes Flat Stomach To This Daily...
Here's what Hollywood star Maggie Q does to achieve a balanced,...
ExpertsInGettingSlim.co
|
Sponsored
Nevada Issuing Massive Rebat es To Drivers- Lookup Your...
Reduce the cost of your car insuranc e if you live in these zip codes
Best5AutoInsurance
|
Sponsored
Homeowners Are Getting Huge Savings On New Windows
WindowGuides
|
Sponsored
Audiobook Lovers Are Asking: Why Didn't I Find Out About This Site Sooner?
Learn the secret to saving on bestselling audioboo ks.
Chirp Books
|
Sponsored
Dermatologist Says Do Not Buy Regular Bedsheets....
Top Reviews Picks
|
Sponsored
Not a typical dating platform
Share your feelings and emotions with someone.
Secretmeet
|
Sponsored
Grow Your Nest Egg In Las Vegas With High-APY Savings
NerdWallet
|
Sponsored
CLOSE
Today Sports News
Cricket News
India Vs Australia, 5th Test Day 2 Live Score: IND Top Order Endures Another Failure As Boland Strikes Thrice
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Injured Jasprit Bumrah Leaves SCG, Virat Kohli Leading India Against Australia
Rohit Sharma 'Retirement': Jovial India Captain Clears The Air During Sydney Lunch
RSA Vs PAK, 2nd Test Day 2: Rickelton, Bavuma Tons Get South Africa Off To Flying Start
Vijay Hazare Trophy: Karun Nair Breaks World Record Of Most List A Runs Without Getting Out
Football News
LIV Vs LFC, Boxing Day PL Preview: Match Prediction, Players To Watch - All You Need To Know
Ruben Amorim: Marcus Rashford's Absence Won't Be A Distraction For Manchester United
Carlos Corberan Becomes Valncia's New Coach After Departure Form West Brom
Wolves Vs Man United, Premier League Preview: Players To Watch, Who Will Win On Boxing Day?
KBFC 3-0 MSC, ISL 2024-25: Bhaskar Roy Blunder Gives The Tuskers All Three Points In Kochi
Tennis News
United States Of America Vs Czechia Live Streaming, United Cup Semi-Final 2: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Kazakhstan Vs Poland Live Streaming, United Cup Semi-Final 1: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Grigor Dimitrov Vs Jiri Lehecka Live Streaming, Brisbane International 2025: When, Where To Watch Men's Singles Semi-Final On TV And Online
Reilly Opelka Vs Giovanni Mpetshi Perricard Live Streaming, Brisbane International 2025: When, Where To Watch Men's Singles Semi-final
Brisbane International: Reilly Opelka Shocks Novak Djokovic In Quarter-Finals
Hockey News
Ex-Indian Hockey Olympian Jagbir Singh Suffers Heart Attack In Rourkela, In ICU
Tamil Nadu Dragons 2-2 Kalinga Lancers Highlights, Hockey India League: TN Snatch Bonus Point With Shootout Win
Hyderabad Toofans Vs Team Gonasika Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match 10
Hockey India League: Tamil Nadu Dragons Rally To Clinch Shootout Against Kalinga Lancers
Delhi SG Pipers Vs Rarh Bengal Tigers Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match 9
Trending Stories
National News
Delhi Weather: Dense Fog Leads To Zero Visibility, GRAP 3 Imposed; Hundreds Of Flights Impacted
Parental Consent Mandatory To Create Children's Accounts, Says Centre On Draft Social Media Rules
India Lodges Protest Over China Creating New Counties Near Ladakh; Monitoring Continues In Regions Near Bramhaputra
Manipur: Mob Attacks Kangpokpi SP's Office Over 'Failure' To Remove Central Forces From Saibol Village
Delhi: GRAP-3 Measures Reimposed After AQI Records 374 On Friday Evening
Entertainment News
BAFTA Awards 2025 Longlist: All We Imagine As Light Gets 3 Nods, Emilia Perez, Conclave Lead Longlists
'Do We Dare To Dream?': Films On Ukraine War That Delve Beyond Despair
'The Vietnam War' Co-director Lynn Novick: 'We Have To Hold Our Leaders Accountable'
Ajith-Trisha Krishnan Starrer Vidaamuyarchi Release Date Postponed
All We Imagine As Light To The Rig 2: Top 10 OTT Releases This Week
US News
Hush Money Case: US President Donald Trump To Be Sentenced On January 10; Jail Unlikely
US: 2 Dead, 18 Injured As Plane Crashes Into Warehouse In California
Tesla Cybertruck Attack: 1 Dead, 7 Injured In Explosion Outside Donald Trump's Hotel In Las Vegas
New Orleans Terror Link: 15 Killed In French Quarter Rampage, FBI Finds ISIS Flag; Army Veteran Suspect Dead
US: Planning To Attend Jimmy Carter's Funeral, Says Donald Trump
World News
Israeli Strikes Kill At Least 42 In Gaza As Ceasefire Talks Set To Resume In Qatar
Hush Money Case: US President Donald Trump To Be Sentenced On January 10; Jail Unlikely
Ukraine's Zelenskyy Says Trump's 'Unpredictability' Can Help End Russian War
Pope Urges Global Leaders To Forgive The Debt Of Poorer Countries
New Orleans Tragedy: After Accident, People Pour Emotions And Reactions At Memorial Site
Latest Stories
Daily Horoscope, January 4, 2025: Check Today's Astrological Prediction For Your Zodiac Sign
War And Peace: A Fractured World In Images
Rohit Sharma 'Retirement': Jovial India Captain Clears The Air During Sydney Lunch
Parental Consent Mandatory To Create Children's Accounts, Says Centre On Draft Social Media Rules
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Injured Jasprit Bumrah Leaves SCG, Virat Kohli Leading India Against Australia
Weekly Horoscope For January 5th To January 11th: Dive Into Complete Astrological Forecasts For Every Zodiac Sign
Fred Kerley Arrested In Florida: Paris Olympic Medallist Tasered After Police Confrontation - Video
Delhi Weather: Dense Fog Leads To Zero Visibility, GRAP 3 Imposed; Hundreds Of Flights Impacted
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

Subscribe to Outlook India notifications. Choose categories below and click Allow.

News
Sports
Cricket

Allow

Deny
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/cricket/panama-vs-brazil-south-american-championships-2024-final-seropedica-match-report-ahirs-icc-americas 
 ----- 
