Home
Shop
Our Heroes
Team Hutch
Donate
United States (USD $)
Log in
	
	
HOME / OUR HEROES / OUR NFL DRAFT HERO: PRYCE
Our NFL Draft Hero: Pryce
April 26, 2024

The 2024 NFL Draft is in full swing here in Detroit. It's been incredible to see the city thrive amidst the bustling celebrations and massive crowds of football fans. Amidst all the fun and chaos, we felt called to tell you the story of a boy with an electric personality and the dance moves to boot.

We met 8-year-old Pryce at the hospital early this year and had so much fun with him. Aidan and Pryce talked about Legos, video games, all things Nintendo, football, and even hit "The Griddy" together.
The jury's still out on whether Pryce or Aidan would win in a dance competition.
On draft night, it was important for Aidan to share a huge part of what makes the House of Hutch, well, the House of Hutch. And how better to do that than by introducing another incredible hero?! We are so blessed to have met Pryce and have been touched by his story.
 

Pryce's story:

Pryce was diagnosed with stage IV Neuroblastoma on August 10, 2018 when he was just 3 years old. He has been in treatment since then and has relapsed 7 times. Pryce does a week long inpatient treatment every month.

Pryce is so much fun. He’s always doing something, even if he’s confined to a hospital bed. One of his favorite things to do is build Legos. We used to keep track of how many sets he’d built, but stopped after 1,000.


Pryce also loves music. You can usually find him dancing whenever a song is playing. Pryce showed Aidan some of his dance move at Mott when he visited.

 

This community of amazing people is so special and we are forever grateful for your support of our heroes. Please keep Pryce in your prayers. You can follow his journey on Instagram at @PrayersforPryce.
Much love,
Team Hutch
#PrayersforPryce
SHARE
  

Older post
Newer post

Leave a comment
Name
Email
Message

Please note, comments must be approved before they are published

POST COMMENT
Recent articles
Superhero Sibling: Wyatt
December 18, 2024
Our Hero: Nicholas the Warrior
December 10, 2024
Our Hero: Ryan
November 30, 2024
Ethan the Adventurous
November 27, 2024
Emilia the Warrior Princess
November 19, 2024
Gavin
November 13, 2024
Quick links
Search
Contact
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Keychain
Press
Follow us
 
Newsletter

Be the first to know about our biggest and best sales.

SUBSCRIBE
United States (USD $)
© 2024, House of Hutch
With inspiration and enthusiasm - you are INFINITE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thehouseofhutch.com/blogs/our-heroes/our-nfl-draft-hero-pryce?srsltid=AfmBOopBZ6XO1Y44JgXE2UVJCCQoEKIFN-sIYEN_sgK4Vd9Xt25V57BD 
 ----- 
