ADVERTISEMENT
Albany’s Connor Mathis wins first place in GSW symposium
BY CARLTON FLETCHER ● COLLEGES_UNIVERSITIES ● APRIL 26, 2024
Connor Mathis of Albany recently won first place for Best Talk in Room 1 in Georgia Southwestern State University’s sixth annual Undergraduate Research Symposium. 
Special Photo: GSW

From staff reports
news@albanyherald.com

AMERICUS — Connor Mathis of Albany recently won first place Best Talk in Room 1 in Georgia Southwestern State University’s sixth annual Undergraduate Research Symposium. His talk was titled “Reels That Sparked Revolutions – Films That Changed the 1960s.”

Students from a variety of majors and fields recently shared their research projects with an oral presentation or poster presentation.

“GSW’s Undergraduate Research Symposium highlights the outstanding achievements of our students as developing scholars,” Jill Drake, GSW’s provost and vice president for Academic Affairs, said. “I am always so impressed with their disciplinary expertise and professional presentation skills. Their talks and posters are a wonderful testament to their dedication to their academic studies as well as the profound impact of faculty mentorship.”

More than 60 students participated in the Symposium: 21 presented their research in an oral presentation, 37 displayed their work on posters, and four served as moderators for the oral presentations.

“This annual event perfectly aligns with our strategic plan and provides our students with an opportunity to engage in a transformative experience that can propel them toward brighter futures,” Drake said. “As provost, this is one of my favorite events on campus, and I am deeply committed to fostering and expanding upon this enriching opportunity for our students.”

The symposium was organized by a faculty committee and sponsored by generous donations to the Student Success Fund of the GSW Foundation.

ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Author
CARLTON FLETCHER

Except for a brief period, Albany Herald Editor Carlton Fletcher has been a newspaperman, working as Sports Writer/Columnist for the weekly Ocilla Star, as Sports Writer/Sports Editor with The Tifton Gazette, and as Sports Writer/Copy Editor/News Reporter/Features Editor and Editor of the paper. He has won numerous awards for sports, news, business and column writing, including a first-place Business Writing award in last year’s Georgia Press Association awards competition.

Read Carlton’s stories.

Phone: 229-888-9360

Related Articles
Albany Technical College celebrates award winners
BY CARLTON FLETCHER ● LOCAL ● DECEMBER 17, 2024

ALBANY – Albany Technical College has announced the names of students and educators representing our college at upcoming state-level competitions in 2025.

Georgia Southwestern earns SACSCOC reaffirmation accreditation
BY CARLTON FLETCHER ● COLLEGES_UNIVERSITIES ● DECEMBER 16, 2024

Georgia Southwestern State University received recognition of a 10-year reaffirmation of accreditation from the Southern …

Southwest Georgia students among UGA cohort of agriculture, forestry leaders
BY CARLTON FLETCHER ● NEWS ● DECEMBER 13, 2024

ATHENS — From the heart of rural Georgia to downtown Atlanta, the newest cohort of the Advancing Georgia’s Leaders in Agriculture …

Stay in the know with our free newsletter
Subscribe
You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time.
Have a question? Contact us or review our privacy policy for more information.
Latest E-Edition
Albany Herald – Dec. 28, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT
Let the Albany Herald come to you

Signing up to receive the digital and print editions of the Albany Herald is quick and easy.

Subscribe
Latest News
A year in review: Georgia’s Flint Riverkeeper spent 2024 fighting for the Flint River
Liberty House closes out 2024 with new facility playground, reflects on year of service
Albany City Commissioner Jalen Johnson on the verge of missing maximum number of meetings allowed
Monroe High School student awarded prestigious NROTC scholarship
Shoes from the HEART gifts free sneakers to local students in need
Albany Technical College celebrates award winners
ADVERTISEMENT

Sign up to receive stories from the Albany Herald.

Sign up
Read us on
GOOGLE NEWS
ADVERTISE WITH US
WHO WE ARE
CONTACT US
LOGIN
SUBSCRIBE

Copyright © 2024 Albany Herald

Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Terms of Use

Support The Albany Herald with a subscription!

Get the local news you care about delivered to your doorstep (or inbox).

SUPPORT LOCAL NEWS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.albanyherald.com/local/albanys-connor-mathis-wins-first-place-in-gsw-symposium/article_572589b6-034f-11ef-8284-db2e97eb1f82.html 
 ----- 
