SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Jordan defeats South Korea 2-0 to reach first Asian Cup final in Qatar

Topic:
Soccer

Tue 6 Feb
Tuesday 6 February

Jordan's goalkeeper Yazeed Abulaila (centre) responds to the crowd after the upset win over South Korea. (AP: Aijaz Rahi)

abc.net.au/news/asian-cup-jordan-south-korea-semifinal/103435296
Link copied
Share article
In short:
Jordan defeated South Korea 2-0 to advance to its first Asian Cup final.Yazan Al Naimat and Mousa Tamari scored in the second half after the score was locked at 0-0 at the break.
What's next?
 Jordan will face Iran or defending champion Qatar in the final.

Jordan has advanced to the Asian Cup final for the first time after stunning South Korea 2-0 in Al Rayyan.

Yazan Al Naimat and Mousa Tamari struck in the second half at Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium to knock out one of the pre-tournament favourites, who defeated the Socceroos in the quarterfinals.

Jordan will face Iran or defending champion Qatar in the final this weekend. The second semifinal will be played on Thursday AEDT.

Al Naimat opened the scoring for Jordan in the 53rd minute by flicking a shot beyond South Korea goalkeeper Jo Hyeon-woo, who had pulled off a series of saves to keep the score level.

Tamari made it 2-0 in the 66th minute with a long-range effort.

Two-time champion South Korea was aiming to win its first Asian Cup since 1960.

It needed a stoppage-time own goal to secure a draw with Jordan in the group stage and mounted late comebacks in the round of 16 and quarterfinals against Saudi Arabia and Australia, respectively.

But a repeat never looked likely on this occasion.

Socceroos shattered after Asian Cup loss
Photo shows Graham Arnold embraces Aziz Behich after the Socceroos' loss to South Korea at the Asian Cup.

Socceroos coach Graham Arnold says his squad is shattered after relinquishing a lead in their 2-1 extra-time loss to South Korea in the Asian Cup quarterfinals.

Jordan, playing in its first Asian Cup semifinal, showed little sign of being overwhelmed by the occasion.

Noor Al-Rawabdeh and Al Naimat both forced saves from Jo in the early stages and Tamari fired narrowly wide with another effort.

South Korea struggled to create openings but came close to going ahead just after the half-hour mark. Lee Jae-sung stooped to meet Hwang In-beom's cross from the right, but his header came back off the foot of the post.

Jordan emerged after half-time looking the more threatening of the two sides and took the lead eight minutes after the restart.

A loose pass from Park Yong-woo was seized upon by Tamari and he fed Al Naimat.

The forward was not to be denied on this occasion and he flicked a shot over the advancing Jo to spark wild celebrations within the crowd of 42,850.

The cheers were even louder when Jordan doubled the lead 13 minutes later through a brilliant solo goal from Tamari.

Running from deep in South Korea's half, he carried the ball to the edge of the box before curling a low shot into the bottom corner.

AP

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Tue 6 Feb 2024 at 9:50pm
Tuesday 6 Feb 2024 at 9:50pm
Related stories

Topic:
Soccer

Socceroos left to reflect on 'devastating' Asian Cup exit
Photo shows Graham Arnold embraces Aziz Behich after the Socceroos' loss to South Korea at the Asian Cup.

Topic:
Sport

Socceroos lose to South Korea in extra time of quarterfinal to be eliminated from Asian Cup
Photo shows Soccer players wearing yellow and green sit in the grass while a player in red walks away after a game
Related topics

Qatar

Soccer

Sport

Top Stories
Driver rescued from floodwaters as Queensland inundated

Topic:
Floods

Photo shows Kingaroy rain
Kyrgios, Djokovic enjoy winning doubles debut at Brisbane International

Topic:
Tennis

Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

Just In
Świątek makes blistering start to United Cup as Poland defeats Norway

Topic:
Tennis

1h ago
1 hours ago
South Korean president orders emergency inspection of nation's airline system

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

3h ago
3 hours ago
Couple's drownings at treacherous WA beach prompt calls for education, signage

Topic:
Drownings

2h ago
2 hours ago
Dominique Pelicot will not appeal 20-year sentence

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

3h ago
3 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-02-07/asian-cup-jordan-south-korea-semifinal/103435296 
 ----- 
