Skip to content
Home
News
Business
Sport
Sport
UK Sport
Viral Sport
More News
Voices
UK News
World News
Viral News
Entertainment
Motoring
Weather
Puzzles
Competitions
Subscribe
Property
Jobs
Motoring
Family Notices
Picture Sales
Read the eEdition
Sign-up to our newsletter
 Account Login
Search
Ireland strike again – their third T20 triumph over England
UK Sport | Published: 26 October 2022 | Last Updated: 26 October 2022 | By Sport

Ireland scored a memorable victory over England in Melbourne on Wednesday, a second major scalp having already knocked off the West Indies in the first round.

It is the third time the boys in green have celebrated a white-ball victory over their neighbours. Here, PA news agency looks at their hat-trick of upsets.

2011 – Bengaluru, Ireland won by five wickets

Kevin O’Brien was the match-winner with a record-shattering hundred in Bengaluru (Rebecca Naden/PA)

2020 – Ageas Bowl, Ireland won by seven wickets

Paul Stirling produced a stunning innings against England two years ago (Adrian Dennis/PA)

2022 – Melbourne, Ireland win by five runs (DLS)

Ireland share their moment of triumph with their entourage (Asanka Brendon Ratnayake/AP)

 
 
 
 
– Advertisement –
Trending Stories
Fraudster doctor jailed for 13 more months for blocking investigators
'Lucky no-one was hurt' after car crashes into wall on Pier Road
More delays at Jersey Airport after days of fog disruption
Blue Islands launches direct flights to Newcastle for 2025
Kismet Cabana owners submit plans for catering business after bidding 'heartfelt farewell' to beach café
– Advertisement –
UK News
UK News
A bereaved mother is not to be messed with, say women honoured for campaigning
31 December 2024
UK News
Head of MI5 knighted and artist becomes a dame among Scots in New Year Honours
31 December 2024
UK News
Infected blood campaigner hopes OBE shows ‘story is not over’
30 December 2024
UK News
Former school union chief made CBE says leadership was ‘like walking tightrope’
30 December 2024
More UK News
Read the latest free supplements

Read the Town Crier, Le Rocher and a whole host of other subjects like mortgage advice, business, cycling, travel and property.

Read More
– Advertisement –
– Advertisement –

© 2025 Jersey Evening Post. All rights reserved.

Get involved
Send us your news
Subscriptions
Pride of Jersey
Help Lines
Useful links
Advertise with us
Our services and platforms
Making A Complaint
Bailiwick Express
Jersey Confidential
About the website
About Us
Contact us
Terms of website use
Privacy policy
Comment Policy

Powered by PageSuite

We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 868 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.jerseyeveningpost.com/uksport/2022/10/26/ireland-strike-again-their-third-t20-triumph-over-england/ 
 ----- 
