MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Pete Alonso, Mets torch Dodgers early to stay alive in NLCS: Takeaways
By Fabian Ardaya, Will Sammon and more
Oct 19, 2024

154

NEW YORK — The New York Mets aren’t dead yet.

They used an early offensive explosion against Los Angeles Dodgers starter Jack Flaherty and held on late in a 12-6 victory in Game 5 of the National League Championship Series. Game 6 is Sunday night, back at Dodger Stadium.

After consecutive home blowouts, the Mets started quickly thanks to Pete Alonso’s first-inning three-run homer. That broke the ice against Flaherty, who had shut them out on two hits over seven innings in Game 1. New York poured it on in a five-run third inning, building leads of 8-1 and 10-2 in the middle innings.

The Dodgers didn’t go away, though, with two Andy Pages home runs eventually bringing LA within shouting distance. That meant the Mets had to call on their only rested high-leverage arms in the bullpen, Ryne Stanek and Edwin Díaz, for multiple innings each. Stanek tossed a career-high 2 1/3 innings, and Díaz got the last six outs to send the series back to L.A.

The Mets have their best starter, Sean Manaea, ready to pitch on an extra day of rest for Game 6. The Dodgers will throw a bullpen game.

The Mets are here to fight for it

Mets manager Carlos Mendoza sensed it when he walked into Friday’s hitters’ meeting. He observed the kind of personality that has defined his club. In the room, there was a mix of strong preparation with smiles. They’d be ready to play to keep their season alive, Mendoza figured. No worries there.

The Mets played tough from the jump. In the first inning, David Peterson navigated trouble and stranded two runners by effectively challenging hitters like Tommy Edman with his fastball. From there, the Mets’ offense produced three quick runs, courtesy of Alonso’s three-run home run. For the next few innings, the Mets clobbered Flaherty and did so with authority. They swung and missed just twice. They racked up five extra-base hits. They even celebrated walks with pumped fists (Alonso) and bat flips (Jesse Winker). Early on, it was clear how badly the Mets wanted it. 

Though they’ve been shut out twice in the series, the Mets remain capable of explosive offensive games because of the depth of their lineup. Starling Marte, who batted sixth, went 4-for-4 with three doubles and continues to look sharp at the plate. And perhaps the most promising sign for the Mets may have been Francisco Alvarez’s recent production. After Mendoza decided to stick with him through his slump, Alvarez, who bats ninth, responded. He hit three balls hard, including a double.

	Jack Flaherty’s velocity and command were off, allowing the Mets to score eight early runs. (Brad Penner / Imagn Images)
Jack Flaherty didn’t have it

Flaherty’s fastball averaged 91.4 mph, nearly 2 mph below his season average. He lacked any form of command, issuing four walks and repeatedly falling behind in counts while missing to his arm side. His off-speed offerings were not enough to save him; the Mets followed the Dodgers’ Game 4 plan and simply waited Flaherty out before doing damage when the right-hander eventually came back over the plate.

Alonso golfed a three-run shot in the first. After Flaherty narrowly avoided damage in the second, a decision point circulated in the Dodgers’ dugout in the third. Consecutive leadoff walks spurred Anthony Banda to begin warming in the visiting bullpen. But when Marte grounded an 88 mph sinker just inside the third-base line for a two-run double to expand the New York lead to four runs, Banda sat. The beatdown continued. Alvarez drove home a run with a single. Francisco Lindor tripled home a run. Brandon Nimmo brought Flaherty’s tally to eight runs, and the Dodgers — with a bullpen game looming in Game 6 — did not chase after the deficit with their top relief arms.

Flaherty’s eight earned runs matched a postseason record accomplished by 15 other pitchers in history. Before Flaherty, the most recent pitcher to give up eight earned runs in a playoff game was the Braves’ Grant Dayton, who the Dodgers pummeled in Game 3 of the 2020 NLCS.

Mets’ tightrope walk underscores lack of trusted bullpen options

Peterson gave the Mets essentially what they expected: 3 2/3 innings, 79 pitches. From there, Mendoza managed with the necessary urgency. Reed Garrett stepped in and finished off the fourth inning by striking out Freddie Freeman. He lasted just two more outs, needing a total of 31 pitches, and gave up three runs along the way. The Mets planned on getting length out of high-leverage reliever Stanek. But the veteran gave them more than they would have realistically hoped for.

Stanek provided the Mets 2 1/3 innings of competent relief pitching, allowing just one hit (Mookie Betts’ solo home run) with four strikeouts.

Stanek’s heavy lifting bridged the gap to closer Díaz.

It all worked out for the Mets. And things went according to plan, too. But the situation underscored the problem with the Mets’ bullpen. Even an eight-run lead after four innings caused some sweating. Beyond Garrett, Stanek and Diaz, the Mets can deploy Phil Maton in big spots, too, but the veteran right-hander has looked shaky in the postseason. It’s a tiny circle of trust.

(Photo of Pete Alonso and Tyrone Taylor as Jesse Winker scores: Sarah Stier / Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5854342/2024/10/18/mets-dodgers-score-takeaways-mlb-playoffs-nlcs/ 
 ----- 
