 MENU
My Picks
Hungary vs Netherlands Prediction - UEFA Nations League Picks 9/9/24
Home  SOCCER Picks
 Shane Mickle  October 10, 2024 6:07 pm
Netherlands vs Hungary
Game Info: Friday, October 11th at 2:45 PM ET
Betting Odds: Netherlands -155 / Hungary +400 -- Over/Under: 2.5 Click Here for the Latest Odds

In this article, we will formulate a Hungary vs Netherlands Prediction for this Nations League game on Friday, September 11th at Puskas Arena Park. To formulate this prediction, we will examine:

-Hungary’s recent form and recent player performance 

-Netherland’s recent form and recent play performance

HOT SOCCER CAPPERS
Dana Lane
W4/L1
+255 Units
Alex Smart
W1/L0
+100 Units
View All Cappers

-A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for today’s game between Hungary and the Netherlands. 

Hungary Betting Preview

Hungary currently sits in 4th place in the standings having picked up one point. On September 10th, Hungary faced off against Bonsnia and Herzegovina and they played to a 0-0 draw. Hungary had 65 percent of the possession and five shots on target, but it wasn’t enough as htye couldn’t find the back of the net. One player that is missing for Hungary is Peter Gulacsi who has decided to not complete right now for the team. Without him, it means that Denes Dibusz is going to move into the starting lineup here. 

Netherlands Betting Preview

Netherlands currently sits in 2nd in the group having picked up four points. Netherlands in the last game faced off against Germnay and they played to a 2-2 draw. At halftime the Netherlands were down 2-1, but in the 50th minute, Denzel Dumfries scored and that was enough to tie up the game. The Netherlands had 40 percent of the possession and four shots on target. One big issue for Netherlands is they are dealing with a whole lot of players missing. Jurrien Timber and Nathan Ake aren’t available and Teun Koopmeiners decided to withdraw from the team after he was named ot the squad. 

Hungary vs Netherlands Prediction

It doesn’t matter all that much that the Netherlands aren’t at full strength, they are still going to find plenty of success in this game. This Hungry team just doesn’t have a whole lot of goal scoring power and in the last game they scored a grand total of zero goals, and that is going to be the difference here. Look for the Netherlands to score a couple of goals and they will come out on top. Back the Netherlands on the money line. 

Shane’s Pick
Netherlands ML
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: SHANE MICKLE
To Be Continued...

TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/soccer-picks/2024-10-11/hungary-vs-netherlands-prediction-uefa-nations-league-picks 
 ----- 
