skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Sunday, Jan 05, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricket2023 WC: Afghanistan cricket need not worry about 2019 world cup anymore, says captain Hashmatullah Shahidi ahead of 2023 opener
Premium
2023 WC: Afghanistan cricket need not worry about 2019 world cup anymore, says captain Hashmatullah Shahidi ahead of 2023 opener
In India, Afghanistan arrive as a third time participant in the ODI World Cup, having first done so in Australia and New Zealand in 2015.
By: Sports Desk
October 6, 2023 17:58 IST
3 min read
Afghanistan's players during a practice session ahead of their ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023 match against Bangladesh, in Dharamshala, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (PTI Photo
Listen to this article
00:00
1x
1.5x
1.8x

Gulbadin Naib was yet to bat in Hangzhou, when Hashmatullah Shahidi declared to a room full of reporters in Dharamsala that Afghanistan cricket didn’t need to worry about the 2019 World Cup. “That’s the history that’s gone…four years,” said the Afghanistan skipper ahead of his side’s 2023 World Cup opener against Bangladesh here on Saturday.

Shahidi’s context was that the team didn’t carry the baggage of their last outing in the tournament which saw them lose nine out of nine games. There couldn’t have been a better indicator than Naib, who was the captain and the face of a dismal campaign four years ago, hitting the winning runs for the other Afghanistan team in their Asian Games semi final against Pakistan 30 minutes later.

In India, Afghanistan arrive as a third time participant in the ODI World Cup, having first done so in Australia and New Zealand in 2015. Shahidi, who was appointed the ODI and Test captain in May, is confident that the current team is in a better space than their predecessors. “I think our mindset is different now, and as a team, and as a leader, I’m very confident this time for this World Cup. I think we will make this tournament historic for our country’s people.”

ADVERTISEMENT
ALSO READ | Rahmanullah Gurbaz: Afghanistan’s Dhoni fan with a zidd carves out a national image

Among the factors that make Shahidi confident is a familiarity with the conditions which isn’t just restricted to quite a few Afghan players being part of IPL franchises. “As you know that our players play a lot in the IPL but even those who don’t are aware of the conditions because India was our home.” With Afghanistan’s previous home base having been Sharjah in the UAE, the BCCI have played hosts to the neighboring nation’s national side in venues at Dehradun, Greater Noida and even the newly refurbished Ekana Stadium in Lucknow.

The presence of former India skipper Ajay Jadeja as the national team mentor also bodes well. “He’s played a lot here and is also a very positive person.” Speaking of positive, Rahmanullah Gurbaz at the top of the order – having scored hundreds against Bangladesh, Pakistan and Sri Lanka in recent 50 over games – provides a batting cushion previous Afghanistan teams have lacked. On his approach, Shahidi said, “I always tell him, ‘Play your own way. That’s your strength’. Just that you are very talented and you are one of the best players in the team, so you have to take responsibility.”

More Premium Stories

What are the 25 things to do in 2025?

Sugarcane movie review: An Oscar won't be enough

'Both father and mother have to raise their boy together':

Why do some migratory birds lose their way?

Parama A Journey With Aparna Sen review

Rajdeep Sardesai on the miscalculations of the 2024 Lok Sabha

Rohin Bhatt offers an account of the fight for queer

Aaron Taylor-Johnson has a long way to go

Dhirendra K Jha explores the rise of the RSS under

© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: Oct 06, 2023 at 05:58 PM
TAGS:
2023 World Cup
Afghanistan Cricket Team
Bangladesh Cricket Team
ICC Cricket World Cup
ODI World Cup 2023
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
52 Villages Allege Violation Of Forest Rights Act: Centre Steps In, Asks Madhya Pradesh To Probe Forced Evictions From Durgavati Tiger Reserve
Actor Allu Arjun Appears Before Police In Stampede Death Case
Hamas Releases Video Claiming To Show Israeli Hostage Held Since 2023 Attack
Govt Launches 2 Special Categories Visas For International Students
MHA Introduces 2 Special Categories Visas For International Students
Tripura Rolls Out Awareness Campaign On Drug Abuse, Road Safety For College Students
Deepika Padukone And Shah Rukh Khan: The Modern-Day Raj And Simran
Sunil Gavaskar Upset That He Wasn’t Called To Hand Over Border-Gavaskar Trophy To Australia
Biden’s Decision To Block Nippon Steel Takeover Creates Uncertainty For US Steel Workers
Daaku Maharaaj Trailer: Nandamuri Balakrishna Looks Stylish And Exudes Swag In A Promising Action Drama
Caught On Camera, Two Police Constables Suspended For Collecting Money From Shopkeepers
Seven-Year-Old Boy From Zimbabwe Survives 5 Days In Lion-Infested African Park
Revised Karnataka Bus Fares Come Into Effect, Airport Tickets To Cost Over Rs 300
‘I Must Sacrifice For This Cause’: Farmer Leader Dallewal At ‘Kisan Mahapanchayat’
Raja Warring Writes To Akal Takht Jathedar, Seeks Panth Rattan Award For Manmohan Singh
Gautam Gambhir On Future Of Virat Kohli And Rohit Sharma: ‘Whatever They Plan, They Will Plan For The Best’
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/2023-wc-afghanistan-cricket-need-not-worry-about-2019-world-cup-anymore-says-captain-hashmatullah-shahidi-ahead-of-2023-opener-8971427/ 
 ----- 
