Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Steph Curry Responds to Ex-Teammate After Viral Moment in Lakers-Warriors
Golden State Warriors star Steph Curry responded to his former NBA teammate.
Joey Linn | Oct 16, 2024
Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry (30) looks into the crowd during a timeout as the Warriors plays against the Charlotte Hornets. / Nell Redmond-Imagn Images
In this story:
Golden State Warriors
Los Angeles Lakers

The Golden State Warriors and Los Angeles Lakers played an NBA preseason game on Tuesday at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas.

Golden State continued their torrid preseason run, improving to a perfect 5-0 with the victory over their Pacific Division rivals. Superstar point guard Steph Curry returned from a one game absence due to a minor finger injury, and turned in an impressive performance.

With 16 points, six assists, and five rebounds, Curry also had a near-dunk after faking out LeBron James. Certainly not known for his dunking ability, Curry went viral with this play that had fans debating whether or not it even counted as a dunk.

This play went viral on social media, with the Warriors tallying over 300,000 views on their post to X.

Curry’s ex-teammate Ty Jerome was among those unsure if this counts as a dunk. Curry responded to Jerome (via House of Highlights, h/t NBCS Warriors), saying two points equals two points.

Curry does have some dunks in his NBA career, but it is not something he does often. The NBA’s all-time leader in three-point baskets, Curry does most of his damage from long range.

Jerome was with the Warriors during the 2022-23 season, appearing in 45 games (two starts). The 27-year-old guard is now with the Cleveland Cavaliers. 

Related Articles

Draymond Green's Reaction to Steph Curry's Incredible Shot in USA-France Goes Viral

Boston Celtics Legend Slams Steve Kerr for Controversial Jayson Tatum Decision

Caitlin Clark's Two-Word Reaction to Steph Curry's Performance in USA-France

Published Oct 16, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University Location: Los Angeles, California Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Follow joeylinn_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/warriors/news/steph-curry-responds-to-ex-teammate-after-viral-moment-in-lakers-warriors-01jac3b6g9h2 
 ----- 
