Skip to main content
Golden State Of Mind homepage
a Golden State Warriors community
Follow Golden State Of Mind online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Golden State Of Mind main menu
FANPOSTS
SECTIONS 
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

WARRIORS NEWS
 
NBA NEWS AND RUMORS
 
WARRIORS RUMORS
Dub Hub: Steve Kerr likes Andrew Wiggins, Jonathan Kuminga pairing in the starting lineup

Rounding up all Warriors and NBA related news for Wednesday, October 16th.

By Ricko Mendoza  Oct 16, 2024, 11:00am PDT  56 Comments / 56 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
In today’s Dub Hub:
Steve Kerr says he liked what he saw from the pairing of Andrew Wiggins and Jonathan Kuminga in the starting lineup vs. the Lakers.
Moses Moody and the Warriors “discussed the framework of a possible deal” according to The Athletic’s Anthony Slater.
76ers’ Paul George suffered a bone bruise but no structural damage to hyperextended left knee, according to head coach Nick Nurse.

After missing most of training camp due to an illness, Andrew Wiggins made his preseason debut during the Golden State Warriors’ 111-97 victory over the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday night. Head coach Steve Kerr slotted Wiggins into the starting lineup alongside Jonathan Kuminga as the team’s two wings. The bigger lineup had Wiggins playing at shooting guard with Kerr expressing his satisfaction with the unit’s performance after the game.

Wiggins and Kuminga each contributed 11 points, with the former shooting 3-of-9 from the field but 0-of-3 from beyond the arc. Despite his shooting struggles, Wiggins found success at the free throw line where he converted on all five of his free throw attempts.

The starting lineup logged 11 minutes together, finishing the game at minus-1 in plus-minus. While the offensive spacing remains theoretical — relying heavily on Wiggins and Kuminga’s improvement as outside shooters — the lineup’s defensive potential shows promise given the length and athleticism it offers around Steph Curry.

For more on this and other news around the NBA, here is our latest news round-up for Wednesday, October 16th:

Warriors News:
Why Steph-Wiggs backcourt might give Warriors their most balanced lineup | NBC Sports Bay Area

Kerr has visualized a possible Curry-Wiggins backcourt for the better part of a year, ever since acknowledging the growing likelihood that Klay Thompson would leave Golden State. Kerr has long considered Thompson and Wiggins, of similar size and two-way ability, as interchangeable wings; this was an opportunity to examine that notion.

Though Wiggins will never be the deadeye shooter Thompson is, he is now a better on-ball defender. He has the tools to do a decent-to-excellent job against most of the league’s playmakers, and that was one of Golden State’s most visible weaknesses last season. General manager Mike Dunleavy addressed that in July, signing De’Anthony Melton, an elite point-of-attack defender. Gary Payton II, who missed most of last season, is another on-ball hellcat.

Steve Kerr Recaps Warriors Win Over Lakers | Oct.15, 2024
How Moses Moody is staking loud claim for Warriors’ rotation role and new contract | The Athletic

Moody has a decision to make in the next week. He’s extension-eligible until Monday’s deadline. The Warriors and Moody’s representatives have discussed the framework of a possible deal, league sources said, near the midlevel exception range for multiple seasons. At a palatable number, they believe Moody’s talent and character are worth investing in long-term.

“Both Moses and (Jonathan Kuminga) are handling that stuff really well,” Kerr said. “They’re focused on playing. I’ve talked to them both about the extension stuff. They know that I understand their situations, having been there as a player. Every guy is facing a unique set of circumstances.”

NBA Rank 2024-25: Top player rankings from 100 to 51 | ESPN

78. Brandin Podziemski, G, Golden State Warriors

2023 NBA Rank: NR

This time last year, Podziemski was a 19th pick slated to fill in at the end of the guard depth chart. The Warriors were high on the shooting guard but didn’t have high expectations for how much he’d contribute. He ended up averaging 26.6 minutes and starting 28 games and this season is in the hunt for the starting lineup next to Stephen Curry. Podziemski, along with his fellow 2023 draft classmate Trayce Jackson-Davis, is the closest Golden State has gotten to the franchise’s “win now while investing in the future” mantra. — Andrews

One Defining Stat for Every NBA Team Heading Into the 2024-25 Season | The Ringer

Golden State Warriors: 7.6

It’s hard to fathom that the Warriors could lead the NBA in 3-point attempts after losing Klay Thompson, the second-greatest 3-point shooter in league history. But Golden State ranks second in preseason 3-point attempt rate, and the team’s personnel might be ready to fill the Thompson-sized hole in the rotation with even more 3s.

That surrogate production starts with Buddy Hield, perhaps the best one-to-one replacement in the league, at least when it comes to long-range proficiency. Thompson is a career 41 percent 3-point shooter on 7.6 attempts per game; Hield, who joined Golden State in a summer sign-and-trade, is at 40 percent on 7.6 attempts.

NBA News:
Paul George’s hyperextended left knee ‘checks out OK’ | NBA

Philadelphia 76ers forward Paul George has a bone bruise but did not suffer any structural damage to a hyperextended left knee suffered in a preseason game.

“Everything checks out OK,” coach Nick Nurse told reporters Tuesday at the team’s New Jersey complex.

The team announced later in the day that an MRI showed the bone bruise but no structural damage. The Sixers said he would be reevaluated again in about a week. Philadelphia opens the 2024-25 season next Wednesday against the Bucks

NBA Survival Guide: 5 breakout candidates who can make significant leaps | Yahoo Sports

Dunn was easily the best defensive prospect in the 2024 NBA Draft. At 6-foot-6 with a 7-foot-1 wingspan, he can switch across multiple positions, disrupt passing lanes, block shots — you name it. His defensive IQ is off the charts. Dunn flies around on defense, making pristine rotations, contesting shots at the rim and generally making life miserable for opponents. In a league increasingly defined by versatile wing defenders, Dunn has the potential to be a lockdown guy on the Herb Jones level.

But the big question mark? His shooting. As a sophomore at Virginia, Dunn attempted just 35 3s in 34 games, hitting only 20 percent. That’s not just inconsistent — it’s borderline unplayable in today’s NBA. So, when the Suns grabbed him at 28th, there was understandable skepticism. You knew what you were getting defensively, but could he survive offensively?

Here’s the twist: In four preseason games with the Suns, Dunn has made 12 of his 27 attempts from beyond the arc.

10 Burning Questions with Victor Wembanyama | Sports Illustrated
In case you missed it at Golden State of Mind:
Report: Warriors haven’t made Jonathan Kuminga a ‘substantial offer’

Interestingly, Emerman’s reporting also claims that Kuminga and his camp may be open to an extension that falls short of a max offer. “Kuminga’s camp isn’t hard-lined at that maximum figure, a source said, but it’s hard to imagine him settling for significantly less,” Emerman wrote.

Follow @unstoppablebaby on Twitter for all the latest news on the Golden State Warriors.

MORE FROM GOLDEN STATE OF MIND
Player grades: Warriors vs. Pacers
Shorthanded Warriors fall short
NBA L2M: Warriors vs. Pistons
Could Dennis Schroder be a Lakers sleeper agent?
Warriors vs. Pacers injury report
How to watch Warriors vs. Pacers
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Golden State of Mind Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Golden State Warriors news from Golden State of Mind
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goldenstateofmind.com/2024/10/16/24271906/dub-hub-steve-kerr-likes-andrew-wiggins-jonathan-kuminga-pairing-in-the-starting-lineup-warriors 
 ----- 
