Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Roommates Nahki Wells and Reggie Lambe plot Dominica’s downfall
Mehluli Sibanda
Created: Oct 12, 2024 08:00 AM (Updated: Oct 12, 2024 10:10 PM)
0 Comments
298
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Chemistry reignited: Nahki Wells and Reggie Lambe celebrating a goal (Photograph supplied)

Somewhere in a hotel room on the island, some serious scheming has been going on ahead of Bermuda’s two Nations League matches against Dominica.

Nahki Wells and Reggie Lambe, both among the most senior members of Michael Findlay’s side, have been coming up with ways to secure six points on home turf.

Two wins against Dominica at the Flora Duffy Stadium will place the Gombey Warriors in a great position to secure automatic qualification for next year’s Gold Cup in the United States and Canada.

Wells and Lambe, former youth team-mates at Dandy Town, happen to be roommates for these two assignments. They have used this time to not only reminisce about the past, but have been plotting against the visitors.

Lambe, Bermuda’s most-capped player, will be crucial in linking with Wells in the two games.

Reggie Lambe and Nahki Wells were part of Bermuda’s team that qualified the a maiden appearance in the Gold Cup (File photograph)

“Our chemistry should be good with Nahki coming back into the side,’’ Lambe told The Royal Gazette.

“The last time he played against Guyana in March last year, I wasn't in the side, so it’s good to play with him once again. We played youth football together at Dandy Town and played together in the national team over the years.

“I didn't get to play with him in the senior team at Dandy Town, but being able to play with him in the national team has been an honour.

“Having him as the striker and with me playing behind, we work well off each other. Our combination play has been very good.”

Having been friends for years, Lambe, who made his Bermuda debut at 16, had not given up on the 34-year-old Bristol City forward making himself available again. The two were part of Bermuda’s side at the 2019 Gold Cup and are seeking a return to Concacaf’s premier event.

“I enjoy playing with him in the national team,’’ Lambe said. “He brings a lot of confidence, so having him will be a boost for us.

Reggie Lambe, left, was hurt by Bermuda’s loss to Dominican Republic (Photograph supplied by the Bermuda Football Association)

“I've always been in contact with him trying to get him to come back and play. I would like to think I had a part in his decision.

“Ultimately, it’s his decision and his choice, which is good for us as players and Bermudians as a whole to have our top striker back in the fold.

“I still thought it was possible for him to come back. I think he still has plenty to give to the sport of football itself.

“Who knows, maybe we can qualify for the Gold Cup and we can go further than we did last time in that tournament.

“The last time we went to the Gold Cup was a good experience. If we make it back this time we now have an idea on what to expect.”

The 33-year-old is expecting two Bermuda victories, starting tonight.

“I think we have a good chance of being successful in getting three points on Saturday,’’ Lambe said.

“We need to apply ourselves and do all the things we've been working on in training. It should be an easy game, emphasis on easy.

“For us six points in these two games will put us in a position to go and, hopefully, win the group.

“We have to keep a clean sheet because I know we have people on the other end to score goals.

“As long as we stay solid at the back, our front line, myself included, we have a lot going forward. If we are able to combine, it should be a tough afternoon for Dominica.

Reggie Lambe, left, scored on debut for Needham Market (Photograph supplied)

“It’s good for us to play in front of our home fans in these two matches. It’s going to give us a boost being on home soil.”

Lambe was hurt by the 3-2 loss to Dominican Republic, as Bermuda twice surrendered the lead against a side that had player sent off in the 11th minute.

“Going ahead in that game and them having one player short, we were disappointed not to come away with at least a point,’’ he said.

“I think we had a lot of attacks. Not putting the ball into the back of the net was our downfall in that match.”

In September, the former Ipswich Town winger made a switch from Braintree Town to Needham Market. He scored on debut for his new side in a 3-0 win over South Shields last Saturday.

“I’ve only played one game for Needham Market but it was a good game,’’ he added. “We came away with a 3-0 victory and I got my first goal for the club.

“Hopefully, whenever I get back, I can keep that form and get a couple more goals before the end of the season.”

RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL NAHKI WELLS
Related Stories
Festive football fixtures revealed
Resurgent Town up to second after goal-fest
Goater wins first match in charge of Aston Villa Women
PHC and North Village share points
298
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published October 12, 2024 at 8:00 am (Updated October 12, 2024 at 10:10 pm)
Roommates Nahki Wells and Reggie Lambe plot Dominica’s downfall
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/16/2024
Sacked police officer offers ‘true context’ of dismissal
12/16/2024
Man in hospital after firearms incident
12/15/2024
Pigs take flight after two-day layover in Bermuda
12/16/2024
Police name island’s latest shooting victim
12/15/2024
Thousands thrilled as motocross makes spectacular return to Coney Island
12/16/2024
Mother-daughter duo celebrate Call to the Bar
12/16/2024
Bermuda Laser Clinic opens
12/14/2024
Police superintendent fired for poor conduct

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries
GRAY, GILLIAN E.
RATTERAY, JOSEPH NELSON
RUBAINE, DOROTHY HOPE

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
PUBLISHED: 2 Dec 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20241012/roommates-nahki-wells-and-reggie-lambe-plot-dominicas-downfall/ 
 ----- 
