Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Bermuda chasing maximum points with Gold Cup qualification in view
Mehluli Sibanda
Created: Oct 11, 2024 08:00 AM (Updated: Oct 12, 2024 08:08 AM)
0 Comments
35
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Taking time to unwind: Bermuda players engaged in a friendly bowling competition ahead of their back-to-back Nations League matches against Dominica (Photograph supplied by the Bermuda Football Association)

Bermuda coach Michael Findlay wants to use the home Nations League matches against Dominica to solidify the team’s chances of automatically qualifying for next year’s Gold Cup.

Heading into the October international break, Bermuda are second in League B group D, trailing Dominican Republic by three points ahead of the games with Dominica, the bottom team in the group, on Saturday and Tuesday at the Flora Duffy Stadium.

The top team in each of the Nations League groups will qualify automatically for the Gold Cup with the group stage set to run until November.

The two best runners-up from the four groups will get another chance to qualify via a two-legged play-off in March.

Findlay, who took charge of Canada twice at the Gold Cup and also went to the tournament once with Grenada, is keen to make a return with Bermuda.

“Our goal from the very beginning has been to qualify directly,” Findlay told The Royal Gazette. “We would rather take the direct route, so we have to focus and do our best on Saturday and Tuesday.

“Saturday is the most important because we have to get off to a good start and hopefully move on from there.

“When we go to Dominican Republic in November, we want to be in the best position possible.

“Maximum points in this window for us will put us in a game that could mean qualification when we play Dominican Republic in the final game.”

Bermuda’s chances of qualifying have been boosted by the presence of former captain Nahki Wells. The 34-year-old Bristol City forward made himself available to play under Findlay for the first time since the Canadian was appointed in August last year.

“We are really glad that Nahki has joined us, I’m sure the fans are and he is too,” the coach said.

“When I came on board I spoke to all the previous squad players, which included Nahki, and made my position clear in terms of our interest in him joining us again.

“The addition of Nahki obviously brings some strong qualities in an area that we've been struggling in, and that is the final third.

“He’s had a successful career in front of goal. He’s what I would call your typical No 9, who looks to search out opportunities that are served to them.

“We are hopeful that his completion rate is high because there's been a huge gap for us when it comes to execution.

“We have played some very good football, we have created some high-quality chances but we haven’t had that killer instinct in that final act of execution.

“Whether Nahki was with us or not, we should be expecting to be performing and getting six points. That’s the way we have to look at it, but we’ll take it one game at a time.

“We’ll look for a strong performance first and foremost. Hopefully, that develops into three points, and then we’ll look at the second game.

“Now it’s about Saturday and that’s what our focus is on. The squad is motivated to do what they have to do.”

The absence of Kane Crichlow and Keziah Martin for Saturday’s match has seen Findlay turn to domestic players. Hamilton Parish winger Leroy Lewis Jr and Seke Spence, the North Village central defender, have been added as reinforcements.

“It’s nice again to engage with our domestic players programme,’’ the coach said. “We've been very pleased with the reports we had on Leroy, as we watch and evaluate domestic products in the league.

“He has a history of having played in the academy system in the UK. He definitely understands the attitude and the professional standard that we’re looking for. He’s integrated well into the team and he’s been very good.

“We also have Seke Spence with us, another domestic player. We continue to unearth players whenever they’re playing, and if they show great competency, they’ll get their opportunity.”

RELATED TOPICS: FOOTBALL NAHKI WELLS
Related Stories
Festive football fixtures revealed
Resurgent Town up to second after goal-fest
Goater wins first match in charge of Aston Villa Women
PHC and North Village share points
35
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published October 11, 2024 at 8:00 am (Updated October 12, 2024 at 8:08 am)
Bermuda chasing maximum points with Gold Cup qualification in view
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
12/16/2024
Sacked police officer offers ‘true context’ of dismissal
12/16/2024
Man in hospital after firearms incident
12/15/2024
Pigs take flight after two-day layover in Bermuda
12/16/2024
Police name island’s latest shooting victim
12/15/2024
Thousands thrilled as motocross makes spectacular return to Coney Island
12/16/2024
Mother-daughter duo celebrate Call to the Bar
12/16/2024
Bermuda Laser Clinic opens
12/14/2024
Police superintendent fired for poor conduct

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries
GRAY, GILLIAN E.
RATTERAY, JOSEPH NELSON
RUBAINE, DOROTHY HOPE

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
PUBLISHED: 2 Dec 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/football/sport/article/20241011/bermuda-chasing-maximum-points-with-gold-cup-qualification-in-view/ 
 ----- 
