Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to sidebar
Skip to footer
Free Premium Trial: Download our app >>
Home
Games
Picks
P
Premium Feature
Premium
Menu
Click to go to homepage
Get the App
0
Click to open picks slideout menu
Jamaica vs. Venezuela: Copa America 2024 Picks (Sunday)
by BettingPros Staff
| @BettingPros
|
Jun 30, 2024

The 2024 Copa America rolls on with two more First Round Group Stage matches at Q2 Stadium in Austin, Texas, and State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Ariz. In Group B action, Jamaica takes on Venezuela at 8 p.m. ET, and the match can be viewed or streamed on FOX Sports 1. Also, at 8 p.m. ET, Mexico and Ecuador lock horns in Arizona, and that battle can be viewed on FOX.

Let’s build that bankroll for the remainder of the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America tournament with our best fútbol bets for Sunday, June 30. Here are our top 2024 Copa America picks and predictions for Jamaica vs. Venezuela.

Best Soccer Betting Odds
How to Bet on Soccer
Soccer Sports Betting Strategies

Get instant alerts when a line reaches your target via the BettingPros App >>

Sunday’s 2024 Copa America Best Bets: Jamaica vs. Venezuela

Copa America 2024 odds courtesy of FanDuel Sportsbook | All wagers are for 1 unit

Jamaica vs. Venezuela

Jamaica suffered a 1-0 loss to Mexico in the Copa America opener before having its doors blown off 3-1 by Ecuador last time out. It’s a rather tall order for the Reggae Boyz in the finale of group stage play, as they face the red-hot La Vinotinto, as Venezuela has won both matches, while sitting atop the Group B table. On the flip side, Jamaica has since been eliminated from advancing.

The big news for Venezuela is that manager Fernando Batista will miss Sunday’s match due to suspension, as his team arrived late to the field of play for the match against Mexico. The sting is lessened by the fact Venezuela has already punched its ticket into the Round of 16 after its monumental victory over La Tri last time out. However, there is still reason to keep their foot on the gas, as Venezuela can win the group, therefore avoiding defending World Cup champion Argentina in the next match.

The good news here is that Venezuela still has reason to play hard, as it looks to avenge its suspended manager, while also pushing for the three points to avoid Argentina in the next round. Jamaica just doesn’t have the motivation or talent to upend the red-hot South American side, even if La Vinotinto will be operating without its manager.

Look for Venezuela to get the job done, sweeping the group stage matches. It’s a good idea to look to the correct score, calling for a 1-0 score in favor of the table toppers. As such, you’ll also want to back the Under 2.5 Total Goals (-162), although you’ll have to pay a pretty penny if you want some insurance. Under 1.5 Total Goals (+196) can help you nearly double up, if you’re a little less conservative.

Best Bets
Venezuela Moneyline (-115)
Under 2.5 Total Goals (-162)
Correct Score – Venezuela 1-0 (+500)
Same-Game Parlay (+244)
Venezuela Moneyline (-115)
Under 2.5 Total Goals (-162)

Daniel E. Dobish is a featured writer at BettingPros. For more from Daniel, check out his archive and follow him @danieledobish.

Soccer
Rate This Article:
Tail
Fade
YouTube
56.4K
Follow
More Articles
NBA Player Prop Bets, Picks & Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
26 minutes ago
NHL PrizePicks Player Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
29 minutes ago
NHL Odds, Picks & Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
29 minutes ago
NFL Week 17 Betting Primer: Picks & Player Prop Bets (2024)
35 minutes ago
College Basketball Odds, Picks & Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
1 hour ago
NBA Odds, Picks & Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
1 hour ago
NFL Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Research
Articles
Teams
Leaderboards
Rankings
NBA Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Research
Articles
Teams
Leaderboards
NCAAF Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Leaderboards
Articles
Teams
Podcast
Rankings
Careers
Product Updates
Get Involved
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Third Party Licenses
Do Not Sell
Accessibility
Disclosures
© Copyright 2024 BettingPros.com®
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
The content of this website is intended to be used for entertainment purposes only.
Please be aware of and respect the laws regarding sports betting for your jurisdiction.
We are not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, PGA, UFC, WNBA, or any other league or team. Any names, logos, or images are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them
Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bettingpros.com/articles/jamaica-vs-venezuela-copa-america-2024-picks-sunday/ 
 ----- 
