Skip to main content
Mobile Apps
 
eGleaner
 
Login
 
Subscribe Now
Sat | Dec 28, 2024
 
Menu
Home
Lead Stories
News
Sports
Entertainment
Business
Letters
Commentary
Health
Lifestyle
World News
In Focus
Auto
Food
Shipping
Art & Leisure
Classifieds
Elections
Flair
Heritage
Jobs
Podcast
Puzzles
 Mobile version
 Subscribe to this feed
 Join us on Facebook
 Follow us on Twitter
Eduard Bello leads 2nd-half charge in Venezuela's 3-0 victory over Jamaica in Copa America
WhatsApp
Share
Published:Sunday | June 30, 2024 | 9:49 PM
Jamaica's Shamar Nicholson and Venezuela's Yordan Osorio go up for the ball during a Copa America Group B soccer match between Jamaica and Venezuela, Sunday, June 30, 2024, in Austin, Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay)

AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Eduard Bello opened the scoring in the 49th minute and Venezuela completed Group B play with a perfect record, beating Jamaica 3-0 on Sunday night in Copa America.

Venezuela played without coach Fernando Batista after he was handed a one-match suspension by CONMEBOL for his team's late arrival to the field in a victory over Mexico.

By winning Group B, Venezuela avoided a Thursday matchup in the quarterfinals against tournament favourite and defending champion Argentina. Instead, the Venezuelans will take on Group A runner-up Canada on Friday at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas.

Bello took a crossing pass from Jon Aramburu and sent a header to the bottom right corner of the net from the right side of the 6-yard box. It was the second goal of the tournament for Bello, who scored the winner in a 2-1 victory over Ecuador in the opener.

In the 56th minute, Salomón Rondón used an assist from Yangel Herrera to send a left-footed kick from the centre of box to the middle of the net. It was also the second goal for Rondón, who scored on a penalty kick in a 1-0 victory over Mexico in the team's second match.

Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox
Sign up for The Gleaner’s morning and evening newsletters.

Eric Ramírez completed the scoring when he took a through ball from Kervin Andrade in the 85th minute and drilled a right-footed shot from the centre of the box to the centre of the goal.

Goalkeeper Rafael Romo stopped one shot on goal for Venezuela.

Jahmali Waite did not have a save in goal for Jamaica.

Follow The Gleaner on X and Instagram @JamaicaGleaner and on Facebook @GleanerJamaica. Send us a message on WhatsApp at 1-876-499-0169 or email us at onlinefeedback@gleanerjm.com or editors@gleanerjm.com.

WhatsApp
Share
«McLaughlin-Levrone runs 50.65 to break world record, qualify to defend Olympic title
Hallgrimsson resigns»
'No warmth' - JLP's Crawford on frosty relationship with House...
Senator for life of Parliament
Norlie
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
14-year-old boy arrested for shooting in which two Jamaican men were...
Mother of six beheaded - Mountain View community mourns; father of...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
How I get Generic Viagra for 87¢ when it costs $45 at CVS
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
Silent Dangers of Atopic Dermatitis - Recognize the Signs
Atopic Dermatitis
|
Sponsored
Here’s What Seniors Should Pay for 100mg Generic Viagra in 2023
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
Research Free New Cell Phone Offer Online Today
See if You Qualify for Hottest Deals on the Carriers Offering Free Phones with No Contracts!
Yahoo Search
|
Sponsored
2024 Affordable Outlander SUV Hits the Streets
SUVs | Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
More Sports
Email this story
Print this page
E-mail the editor
More Stories
NBA coaches react with dismay over firing of Mike Brown
Ronaldo backs Amorim at Man United
Netball Jamaica gearing up for South Africa series
Arsenal move up to second with 1-0 win
Foga Road’s McLean wants to be one of the stars at Champs 2025
Gayle glad to see Bygrave back among the goals
All are welcome, says Jamaica Lacrosse
65m US viewers tune in for Netflix NFL Christmas Day games
Multan to host Tests between Pakistan and WI next month
Sharma, Singh bowl India to series sweep of WI Women
Videos
For more videos click here.
Just for you
Mould mayhem
Cedric Stephens | The tragedy of the insurance claims denial culture
Cedric Stephens | Road safety a national emergency
Xi orders stop to spree of mass killings known as ‘revenge on society crimes’
Woman found hanging from staircase in Portmore
The Gleaner Archives
Digital Archives: Online editions 2006-Now
Library: Research and Assistance
Print Archives: Editions 1834-Present
Gleaner Your Way
Mobile: Get the Gleaner on your mobile
Newsletter: Get headline news
RSS Feeds
Gallery
Games
Videos
GCML Websites
The Star
Gleaner Classifieds
Go Jamaica
Gleaner - North America
Youthlink
Voice UK
Flair
GCML Websites
Restaurant Week
Discover Jamaica
Go Jamaica Hosting
First Look
Weather
Gleaner Links
Our Products
Advertise with us
About Us
Contact Us
Suggestion
Subscription
Terms and Conditions
Submit a Letter
Privacy Policy
RJRGLEANER Merger Q&A
Copyright © 2024 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group. All Rights Reserved.
Have questions or concerns? Chat with our virtual assistant.
We use cookies on this site to enhance your user experience
Premium Subscribers: Cookies are required for Premium subscribers

By clicking the Accept button, you agree to us doing so.

 No, give me more info
Accept No, thanks
The chat window has been closed
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Try This 10 Minute Trick Tonight!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Here’s What Seniors Should Pay for 100mg Generic Viagra in 2023
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
Silent Dangers of Atopic Dermatitis - Recognize the Signs
Atopic Dermatitis
|
Sponsored
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://jamaica-gleaner.com/article/sports/20240630/eduard-bello-leads-2nd-half-charge-venezuelas-3-0-victory-over-jamaica-copa 
 ----- 
