Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
Copa America 2024
Jamaica vs Venezuela Prediction and Betting Tips | 30th June 2024
Jamaica vs Venezuela Prediction and Betting Tips | 30th June 2024
By
Shambhu Ajith
Modified Jun 28, 2024 16:44 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Can Venezuela gather more momentum as they head into the quarter-finals?

Jamaica and Venezuela will clash in a dead-rubber contest in Group B of the 2024 Copa America on Sunday. Venezuela's impressive form has seen them already book a berth in the quarter-finals of the tournament.

Meanwhile, Jamaica will get on their return flights after this game after having lost both of their group-stage games so far.

The Reggae Boyz headed into 2024 Copa America with cautious optimism. But the confidence that came from picking up consecutive wins in their last three matches across all competitions ahead of the tournament fizzled out rather quickly.

After conceding a 1-0 loss to Mexico in their group-stage opener, a 3-1 defeat against Ecuador in the subsequent match sealed Jamaica's fate. However, they still have pride to fight for on Sunday against Venezuela, who have been one of the surprise packages of the group stage.

Trending

Venezuela have already made it to the quarter-finals of the Copa America for the third time in the last four editions.

They kicked things off with a 2-1 win over Ecuador on matchday one and followed it up with a 1-0 victory over Mexico to set up the possibility of making it to the knockout stages with a 100% record for the first time in their history.

Jamaica vs Venezuela Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Venezuela have beaten Jamaica four times in seven meetings between the two sides. One match has ended in a draw while Jamaica have been victorious twice.
Jamaica had won five successive games when even or trailing at the half-time break before the 2024 Copa America began. However, they have since lost two such matches on the trot.
Venezuela have conceded only one goal in two games. If they can keep a clean sheet against Jamaica, they will equal their national team record for the fewest goals conceded in the group stage. They conceded only one goal each in the 2016 and 2019 editions of the tournament.
Venezuela have never lost to Jamaica outside the Carribean.
Jamaica and Venezuela have locked horns only once previously at the Copa America. Venezuela won that game in 2016 by a 1-0 scoreline.
Jamaica vs Venezuela Prediction

With this contest having no major ramifications, both sides are expected to experiment. Venezuela will still look to keep their good form up. Although they might shuffle their pack, Venezuela have enough quality to earn a comfortable win over Jamaica here.

Prediction: Jamaica 0-2 Venezuela

Jamaica vs Venezuela Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Venezuela to win

Tip 2: Game to have under 2.5 goals - Yes

Tip 3: Venezuela to keep a clean sheet - Yes

Quick Links

Copa America 2024 Jamaica Football Team Venezuela Football Football Predictions
Edited by Shambhu Ajith
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/jamaica-vs-venezuela-prediction-betting-tips-30th-june-2024 
 ----- 
