Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
Betting News How to Bet Sportsbook Reviews Podcasts Covers Videos Covers Writers
Jamaica vs Venezuela Odds, Picks & Predictions: One and Done on Day 11 of Copa America 2024?

Jamaica's best offensive weapon is their counterattack, but our Copa America betting picks don't see Venezuela allowing too many of those when all they really need is a draw in their final match of group play. A (mostly) dull match could transpire.

Jeremy Jones • Betting Analyst
Jun 28, 2024 • 14:08 ET • 4 min read
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

When Jamaica and Venezuela meet on Sunday, June 30, there will be little on the line with Jamaica already eliminated and Venezuela already clinching a spot into the quarterfinals. 

However, with Argentina awaiting the second-place team out of Group B, Venezuela will still want to secure a point here and guarantee first place in the group. The Copa America odds reflect this fact and support my Jamaica vs. Venezuela predictions.

Jamaica vs Venezuela picks, predictions, and betting tips

My best bet:
Under 2.5 (-154 at Betano)

My analysis

Jamaica had every chance to get a result in this tournament in their opener against Mexico on June 22. They held strong defensively early and dominated the run of play early in the second half. Jamaica scored in the 50th minute but it was ultimately ruled offsides through VAR. Mexico finally broke through in the 69th minute to win 1-0. 

Jamaica played a much more aggressive style in their second fixture against Ecuador knowing they needed a result to avoid elimination and they paid for it with four yellow cards and allowed both an own goal and a penalty-kick goal. That 3-1 loss was not the style of play that the Jamaicans prefer, and I expect them to get back to the same style we saw against Mexico in this fixture. 

On the other end, Venezuela will be fine just making sure that Jamaica does not score, and they guarantee at least one point while avoiding Argentina in the quarterfinals. They found themselves fortunate to shut out Mexico in their last fixture, as El Tri had an xG (expected goals) of 2.99. I expect Venezuela to control much more of the possession against the Jamaicans. 

In their first match of the group stage, Venezuela forced an early red card against Ecuador and only allowed them to have an xG of 0.66. They also had 60% ball possession, and even though most of that was because of the early red card, Jamaica will likely give up a similar possession total and just look to score on the counterattack. 

I expect a very conservative game plan from Venezuela in this fixture while just looking to control possession and avoid the strong counters from Jamaica by limiting their mistakes with their possessions. Jamaica, on the other hand, has only scored once in their two games and should not expect more than one here. The Under is a solid play given the expected style of the match. 

Jamaica vs Venezuela same-game parlay (SGP)

Under 2.5

Salomon Rondon 1+ goal

Venezuela to score first

+530 at Betano

While I do love the Under in this fixture, I do not think this will be a completely goalless match. Venezuela is very likely to get a goal at some point and their scorer is most likely to be Salomon Rondon. He assisted a goal in the first group match and scored a penalty kick against Mexico. 

Finally, we will throw add in Venezuela to score the first goal. I do not think Jamaica will score at all, but if they do it will most likely be late after Venezuela has gotten tired legs. Venezuela is going to play conservative and limit Jamaica’s chances so it is unlikely mistakes will lead to a Jamaica counter until much later in the fixture. 

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

The Beautiful Game Lives at Betano this Summer

Make your plays with one of Ontario's best sportsbooks, as Betano offers a wide variety of markets — and same-game parlays — covering every major national and club competition.

The game starts now!

Sign Up Now  

Learn more by reading our comprehensive Betano sportsbook review.

Jamaica vs Venezuela odds
Jamaica		Venezuela
+350	Moneyline	-105
Over 2.5 (+125)	Total	Under 2.5 (-154)
+245	Draw	+245

Odds courtesy of Betano on 6-28.

Jamaica vs Venezuela game info
Location:	Q2 Stadium, Austin, TX
Date:	Sunday, June 30, 2024
Time:	8:00 p.m. ET

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.

Pages related to this topic
Soccer Betting Sites
World Cup betting sites
College football betting sites
Women's World Cup betting sites
   
Jeremy Jones
Betting Analyst

Jeremy Jones was born and raised in Lexington, Kentucky and has been a massive Wildcats fans since the moment he came into the world. He wrote his first sports article at the tender age of 11 after attending a local AHL hockey game, and a few years later was writing professionally for sites such as Sports Rants, BetAmerica, and TwinSpires.

Jeremy holds a Masters in Sports Administration from Eastern Kentucky University and utilizes all seven betting options available in Kentucky to shop for odds and promos and find the greatest EV in every wager he places.

His best piece of sports betting advice is to stick to consistent unit sizes for every wager. He acknowledges there will occasionally be a bet that has a huge EV and you can play multiple units in one bet, but cautions against raising your unit size, because you can quickly lose all your winnings if you hit a minor cold streak.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Game info
Popular Content
 Wolves vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 25, 2024
 Liverpool vs Leicester City Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 25, 2024
 Tottenham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 20, 2024
 Crystal Palace vs Arsenal Predictions & Picks for Saturday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 20, 2024
 Tottenham vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Thursday's EFL Cup Match
Sam Farley | Dec 18, 2024
 2024-25 EPL Title Odds: Chelsea Closing in on Liverpool
Chris Vasile | Dec 17, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2024 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/soccer/copa-america-jamaica-vs-venezuela-prediction-picks-6-30-2024 
 ----- 
