#Ranji Trophy
#Ranji Trophy Points Table
#IND vs AUS
#AFG vs NZL
#BBL 2024-25
#BBL 2024-25 Points Table
#ICC CT 2025
#ICC CT 2025 Points Table
#SL vs NZ
‹
›
Home
 Latest News
 Pakistan vs England, Final, T20 World Cup – PAK vs ENG Cricket Match Prediction, Where To Watch, Probable XI And Fantasy XI Tips
Pakistan vs England, Final, T20 World Cup – PAK vs ENG Cricket Match Prediction, Where To Watch, Probable XI And Fantasy XI Tips

Pakistan and England will clash against each other in the final of the T20 World Cup 2022 at MCG to lift their second T20 World Cup trophy. 

ADVERTISEMENT
Cricket Image for Pakistan vs England, Final, T20 World Cup – PAK vs ENG Cricket Match Prediction, W (Cricketnmore)

Pakistan and England will clash against each other in the final of the T20 World Cup 2022 at MCG to lift their second T20 World Cup trophy. 

By Rishabh Gautam
November 11, 2022 • 11:51 AM

PAK vs ENG: Match Preview:

TRENDING

IPL Experience Played A Huge Role in 10-Wicket Win Against India, Says Buttler

With the top 2 batters gaining form at a crucial juncture, Pakistan defeated New Zealand in the 1st semi-final to cruise through to the finals of the T20 World Cup 2022. Chasing 153 runs to win, Babar and Rizwan smacked half-centuries as the openers added 105 runs for the opening wicket, easing Pakistan's path into the finals. 

Shan Masood has been the highest run-scorer in this World Cup for Pakistan after Rizwan (160 runs) and has registered 137 runs in 6 innings while remaining unbeaten in 3 of them. Iftikhar Ahmed is the only other batter to cross the 100-run mark for Pakistan and has scored 114 runs in 6 innings. Mohammad Haris has impressed in the last 3 matches and has smacked 89 runs at a strike rate of 161.81, while Shadab has maintained a strike rate of 177.27 and played an exceptional knock against South Africa which proved to be a turning point for Pakistan in this World Cup. 

Even though Pakistan qualified for the semi-finals with a bit of luck, they have been in exceptional rhythm after the first two losses - a close encounter against India and an even closer upset against Zimbabwe. However, they have defeated strong-looking South Africa and New Zealand in their last two matches and are currently looking unstoppable at the moment. 

A huge credit for the same can be given to pacer Shaheen Afridi's return to form. In the match against South Africa, Shaheen dismissed explosive batters - Quinton de Kock (0), Rilee Rossouw (7) and Heinrich Klaasen (15) as he returned with a figure of 3/14 in 3 overs. In the sem-fial, Shaheen picked up the wickets of Finn Allen & captain Kane Williamson, helping Pakistan halt New Zealand to an average total. 

Shaheen Afridi has taken 10 wickets in this tournament so far, while leg spinner Shadab Khan has also grabbed 10 wickets. Along with these two, Mohammad Wasim and Naseem Shah have also been exceptional with their form and have an economy of lower than 7.

England on other hand registered an emphatic 10-wicket win in the 2nd semi-final against India while chasing a target of 169 runs. Like Babar, Buttler also showed form for the first time in this World Cup on the semi-final stage where he smashed 80* runs off 49 balls with 9 fours & 3 sixes. 

On the other hand, Alex Hales is having a dream comeback as he smacked 86 runs off 47 balls with 4 fours & 7 sixes and was adjudged the player of the match. The England batting lineup is filled with explosive batters - Phil Salt, Ben Stokes, Harry Brook, Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali & Sam Curran. Even the no. 11 Adil Rashid has 10 first-class centuries to his name. 

Sam Curran has been the best bowler for England with 10 wickets to his name. England received a big blow as Mark Wood didn't play in the semi-finals against India, and has 9 wickets in 4 matches in this World Cup. Chris Jordan, who was included in place of Mark Wood against India, managed three wickets in his first outing in this World Cup.

Even though spinner Adil Rashid has managed only 2 wickets in the tournament till now, he has maintained the best economy amongst all English bowlers (6.25) and has helped in stopping the flow of runs in the middle overs. Ben Stokes (6.40) has the best economy in the team after Rashid and has registered 5 wickets in 5 matches. 

PAK vs ENG: Match Details

Date – Sunday, November 13, 2022
Time – 01:30 PM IST
Venue – Melbourne Cricket Ground, Melbourne

Match Prediction: Today's Match Prediction? PAK vs ENG

With both teams on a winning run, the final between Pakistan and England is expected to be a close contest and go down the wire. 

PAK vs ENG Head-to-Head:

Total – 29
Pakistan – 18
England – 11

PAK vs ENG: Where to Watch?

The final of the T20 World Cup 2022 between Pakistan and England will be broadcasted on the Star Sports network on TV, and on OTT Platform Hotstar for Indian viewers.

PAK vs ENG Team News:

England – Dawid Malan and Mark Wood missed out in the semi-final against India, and there are no new updates of their fitness as of now. 

PAK vs ENG Probable Playing XI:

Pakistan – Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Haris, Shan Masood, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Mohammad Nawaz, Mohammad Wasim Jr, Naseem Shah, Haris Rauf, Shaheen Afridi
England – Jos Buttler (c & wk), Alex Hales, Philip Salt, Ben Stokes, Harry Brook, Liam Livingstone, Moeen Ali, Sam Curran, Chris Woakes, Chris Jordan/Mark Wood, Adil Rashid

PAK vs ENG Fantasy XI:

Also Read: Cricket Tales

ADVERTISEMENT


 TAGS PAK vs ENG Pakistan vs England Fantasy Cricket Tips Fantasy Tips Fantasy XI Tips Probable XI Today Match Prediction Where To Watch ICC T20 World Cup 2022 ICC T20 World Cup
Latest Cricket News
Former India Head Coach Shastri Calls For Implementation Of Two-tier Test System
McGrath Backs Starc To Be Match-ready For Sydney Test
Konstas Played A Style Of Cricket That Was New To India: Carey
Carey Confident Of Starc Playing Decisive Sydney Test Amid Fitness Concerns
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT

Follow US to Never Miss Any Updates

ADVERTISEMENT
Latest Cricket News Tags
☞ Cricketer Reaction
☞ Cricket Tales
☞ India Playing XI 1st Test
☞ India Test Record Australia
☞ India Tour Australia 2024-25
MORE STORIES
Upcoming Cricket matches
☞ Hobart Hurricanes Vs Sydney Sixers T20 - 12th Match
☞ Brisbane Heat Vs Melbourne Stars T20 - 12th Match
☞ Wellington Vs Northern Districts T20 - 1st Match
☞ Rangpur Riders Vs Sylhet Strikers T20 - 1st Match
☞ Khulna Tigers Vs Chittagong Kings T20 - 1st Match
☞ Goa Vs Assam ODI - Group A
☞ Meghalaya Vs Andhra ODI - Group A
☞ Puducherry Vs Arunachal Pradesh ODI - Group A
☞ Chandigarh Vs Uttar Pradesh ODI - Group A
☞ Baroda Vs Bihar ODI - Group A
MORE STORIES
Cricket Players Birthday
☞ A Clarke (England)
☞ Khaliq Dad (Afghanistan)
☞ Mohammad Nabi (Afghanistan)
☞ Abdul Rashid (India)
☞ Arlen Konwar (India)
☞ Mahboob Alam (India)
☞ SK Sharma (India)
☞ J Latham (New Zealand)
☞ William Young (New Zealand)
☞ Abdul Wahid (Pakistan)
MORE STORIES
HOME ABOUT TEAM SERIES RESULTS CAREERS COOKIE POLICY PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT US
Partners: Indibet

© 2025 Cricket

Welcome to cricketnmore.com

cricketnmore.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricketnmore.com/cricket-news/pakistan-vs-england-final-t20-world-cup-pak-vs-eng-cricket-match-prediction-where-to-watch-probable-xi-and-fantasy-xi-tips-110228 
 ----- 
