World
News
Glamorama
War
Opinion
Business
Medically Speaking
Legally Speaking
Spiritually Speaking
Statistically Speaking
Historically Speaking
Royally Speaking
Society and Living
Travel
Women
Literature
Foodie
Art & Culture
E-Paper

Read ePaper
World 
News 
Glamorama 
War 
Opinion
Business
Videos
HOME»
Sports»
Match officials announced for title clash between England and Pakistan
Match officials announced for title clash between England and Pakistan

The ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022 title clash between Pakistan and England is going to take place on 13 November and for that International Cricket Council (ICC) announced the match officials. In the final of the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022 Umpires, Marais Erasmus and Kumar Dharmasena will be on-field duties at the […]

ADVERTISEMENT
By: Madhvi Jha
November 12, 2022 11:53 am Asia/KolkataIST, Updated 2 years ago

The ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022 title clash between Pakistan and England is going to take place on 13 November and for that International Cricket Council (ICC) announced the match officials.

In the final of the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2022 Umpires, Marais Erasmus and Kumar Dharmasena will be on-field duties at the iconic Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG).

Meanwhile, the TV umpire will be Chris Gaffaney and for the match, the fourth umpire will be Paul Reiffel.

Related News

Talking about the team England they are in good form and on Thursday they thrashed India by 10 wickets and won the match in just 16 overs. Now England is looking forward to winning the final against Pakistan.

The ballistic performance of Buttler led the team to win the match. India gave the target of 169 runs for which Buttler hit 80 runs and Hales hit 86 runs.

Talking about Pakistan’s performance it was a rollercoaster journey for them. Pakistan suffered a lot of defeats but they made their comeback and reached to finals.

Moreover, on Wednesday, the men in green team Pakistan reached the Men’s T20 World Cup final after defeating New Zealand by seven wickets.

The two-star players of Pakistan Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan smashed key half-centuries which helped Pakistan to reach in ICC T20 World Cup final.

However, the ICC T20 World Cup final will be played between Pakistan and England on 13 November 2022.

Furthermore, even after suffering from defeat Pakistan has the second-finest Powerplay economy rate (6.19) and an average of (18.58).

Tags:
Chris Gaffaney
England
ICC
India
MCG
Pakistan
T20 World Cup
ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISEMENT
Latest News
View More
China’s Reduced Visa Fees For Indian Nationals Extended Until 2025: Details Inside!
Teen Substance Use: New Study Reveals Brain Damage Link
Artificial Hearts: A Breakthrough in Heart Muscle Regeneration
Inflammation Unmasked: The Hidden Trigger Behind Depression
Kunal Kamra urges Blinkit CEO to reveal delivery partners’ wages, slams gig worker exploitation.
Short Video
View More
Live Blog
No live blog updates available.
TABOOLA ADVERTISEMENT
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Home
India
World
Politics
Opinion
Sports
Women
© thedailyguardian.com, All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thedailyguardian.com/sports/match-officials-announced-for-title-clash-between-england-and-pakistan/ 
 ----- 
