Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Sorry, I need to make this play real quick': Mic'd up Rojas dazzles at SS
Share
'Sorry, I need to make this play real quick': Mic'd up Rojas dazzles at SS
September 25th, 2023

Scott Chiusano

Share

0:00

0:22

This Dodger has manners.

It's not every day you hear someone apologize for successfully doing their job, but Miguel Rojas proved he may be the most polite shortstop around while mic'd up on ESPN's Sunday Night Baseball broadcast. 

Rojas was answering a question about using one of teammate Kiké Hernández's bats when he was forced to spring into action by a grounder up the middle off the bat of Giants infielder Thairo Estrada. Rojas ranged a few steps to his left and as he made the play apologized for the brief interruption.

"Sorry, guys, I need to make this play real quick," he said. 

And make this play he did, firing to first to get Estrada and giving the ESPN booth a good laugh in the process.

"I have to make that play for [Lance] Lynn," Rojas said. "He's gonna get mad at me if I don't."

Rojas has done his fair share of play-making this season for the Dodgers (not always while in the middle of a conversation), who traded for him in the offseason with the expectation that Rojas would be a utility player all around the infield. But the season-ending injury to Gavin Lux changed those best-laid plans, and Rojas was thrust into a bigger role as a starter and quickly became a leader in the clubhouse.

"I got a great opportunity to be in the same locker room and same field with a lot of great players, and learning from Martín Prado and Adrían González and all of those guys early in my career helped me to change myself into not just a baseball player but a leader," Rojas said while mic'd up. 

Related
MLB, Los Angeles orgs dedicate 'LA Strong' collection to fire relief efforts

3:21 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers release NLCS roster: Kiermaier, Honeywell on; Rojas, Vesia off

October 13th, 2024

Freeman & Rojas 'progressing,' expected to be in NLDS G1 lineup

October 3rd, 2024

8 unlikely contributors for contending clubs

September 16th, 2024

Don't be surprised if a couple other Dodgers follow their leader and get "sorry, guys, I need to make this play real quick" printed on some T-shirts.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers
Miguel Rojas
You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

57 minutes ago

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/miguel-rojas-apologizes-for-fielding-ball-while-mic-d-up 
 ----- 
