Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
BAY AREA
News
Weather
Sports
Video
52°

Watch CBS News

SF GIANTS
Giants' road woes continue as Dodgers walk off 3-2 win in 10 innings

September 24, 2023 / 11:34 PM PDT / AP

Chris Taylor was in the right place at the right time in extra innings with heads-up defense on a slick double play and his bat.

Taylor's line-drive single to center field in the 10th inning lifted the NL West champion Los Angeles Dodgers past the San Francisco Giants 3-2 on Sunday night. He was 0 for 3 with a strikeout before getting mobbed by his teammates in celebration.

Amed Rosario began the inning at second base and took third on pinch-hitter Kolten Wong's groundout to short. Taylor connected off a 100-mph pitch from Camilo Dorval (6-6) to drive in Rosario and give the Dodgers a 6-6 record in extra-inning games this season.

"He's tough. I think that's the first hit I got off him," Taylor said. "He's got really good stuff so you just got to kind of try and play pepper and try to put a ball in play."

The Giants loaded the bases in the top of the 10th. Pinch-hitter Mitch Haniger was the designated runner at second to start the inning. After J.D. Davis struck out, Joc Pederson was intentionally walked by Shelby Miller (3-0). Thairo Estrada hit a fly ball to center that Kiké Hernández lost in the gathering dusk. It fell to his left to load the bases.

But the Dodgers got out of trouble with an amazing inning-ending double play. Pinch-hitter Patrick Bailey grounded up the middle, with the ball catching Miller's arm before Taylor made the stop, tagged second and threw to Freddie Freeman at first.

"Just kind of a weird, freak play. I was trying to step on the bag and sort of throw at the same time," Taylor said. "I gave Freddie a terrible in-between hop and he made an unbelievable play to save us there."

Miller said he didn't realize Taylor was behind him.

"I tipped it and I knew I slowed it down a little bit," Miller said. "I was trying to make a play that I probably should have stayed out of the way of it."

The Giants loaded the bases in the ninth against Evan Phillips. Michael Conforto got hit by a pitch, Marco Luciano singled and with two outs, LaMonte Wade Jr. was intentionally walked. Haniger went down swinging to end the threat.

"Just trying to scratch and claw," Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. "Found a way to hang in there."

Dodgers starter Lance Lynn gave up his major league-leading 43rd homer to Wade in the fifth. Tyler Fitzgerald singled leading off and Wade followed with a 403-foot shot to center that tied the game at 2-all.

James Outman went deep on the first pitch from reliever Tyson Beck for his 22nd homer, scoring J.D. Martinez who doubled for a 2-0 lead in the second.

Lynn got into a bases-loaded, two-outs jam in the third, sandwiching walks to Mike Yastrzemski and Pederson around a single to Wilmer Flores. He extricated himself by hustling to catch a bunt popped up by Estrada near the third-base line that ended the inning.

"I don't know if he's made a play like that in quite some time," Roberts said, laughing. "He got off the mound pretty well. That was a big play right there because we were in a tight spot."

Mookie Betts showed off his defensive skills with back-to-back diving stops to end the fifth. Playing second, he snagged a grounder to his right by Davis and whipped a throw across his body to first. Then Pederson sent a shot to right and Betts dived and got the throw off to first for the third out.

Davis, who entered as a defensive replacement in the fourth, went into foul territory to snag a sharply hit ball by Betts and made a one-hop throw to first to get Betts to end the eighth.

Lynn allowed two runs and five hits in six innings. He struck out six and walked three.

The Giants lost eight of 10 to end their road trip. They were outscored 60-33 on the trip. They lost 28 of 34 road games since July 19 and finished 34-47 away from home, their fewest road wins in a full season since going 31-50 in 2018.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Giants: Flores left the game with right knee discomfort in the bottom of the fourth.

Dodgers: RHP Daniel Hudson (right MCL) will throw live batting practice in either Colorado or San Francisco on the upcoming trip. He's not expected back for the NL Division Series, but could return if the Dodgers advance.

LEADING THE MAJORS

The Dodgers lead the major leagues in attendance with 3,837,079 on the season, going over 3.8 million for the second straight year and the fifth time in team history.

They fell 24,329 short of last year's total of 3,861,408. They had 19 sellouts and averaged 47,371 in 81 home games this year compared to 47,671 last year for the same number of dates.

Including this season, the Dodgers have led the majors in attendance for nine consecutive full seasons since 2013, not including the pandemic-affected 2020 and 2021 seasons.

UP NEXT

Giants: LHP Blake Snell (14-9, 2.33 ERA) starts for San Diego and RHP Logan Webb (10-13, 3.35) goes for the Giants on Monday in the opener of a three-game series at San Francisco.

Dodgers: After a day off Monday, an opener will give way to RHP Ryan Pepiot (2-1, 1.91) in the first game of a doubleheader Tuesday at Colorado. RHP Bobby Miller (10-4, 3.97) will start the second game.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

More from CBS News
SF Mayor Daniel Lurie takes aim at city's historic deficit with hiring freeze
SF supervisors select Mandelman to serve as new board president
Brock Purdy's contract looms as major offseason issue for the 49ers
Man charged with attempted murder after shooting at San Francisco SoMa homeless shelter
In: MLB San Francisco Giants Sports Los Angeles Dodgers San Francisco

© 2023 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Details
Contact KPIX
News
Sports
Weather
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KPIX-TV / CBS5
Public File for KPYX / KPIX+
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/sanfrancisco/news/dodgers-giants-road-woes-10-innings-walk-off/ 
 ----- 
