Skip to main content
Home
Breeze TV
News
Culture
Sports
Opinion
Photos
Subscribe
Classifieds
Site search
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE
JMU football’s revamped running game looks to ‘dictate’ opposing defenses
Preston Comer & Hayden Hundley Aug. 29, 2024 
Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email

Running back coach David Sims Jr. said that if you didn’t know redshirt sophomore running back George Pettaway was a four-star, you wouldn’t be able to tell because of his demeanor.

Hayden Hundley | The Breeze
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

JMU football running backs coach David Sims Jr. has coached some of the FCS finest — including Malachi Hosley, a Sports Perform Freshman All-American at Penn last season — but he said the Dukes’ backs this year “may be” the best room he’s ever had. 

That includes redshirt sophomore running back George Pettaway; if he committed to JMU out of high school, he would’ve been the Dukes’ highest-recruited player ever, according to 24/7sports. The only difference is that Pettaway arrived in Harrisonburg with two years of experience at UNC, where he played in 15 games and scored two touchdowns. 

Similarly, Sims was highly recruited, with ESPN ranking him the No. 20 athlete in the nation in 2008 before he had a stellar career at Georgia Tech (2009-13). He said he’s proud that despite the attention he got from top-tier schools, he still had a hunger to be great — Sims said George is the same way. 

“GP (Pettaway) hasn’t come in acting like he’s better than anybody else … or that he was a four-star,” Sims said. “If you didn’t know that, you couldn’t tell. I think that’s been the best thing about him, that when he comes in, he’s going to have the same demeanor … he’s going to be ready to work.” 

Pettaway’s preseason camp roommate, senior running back Ayo Adeyi, had a much different path to JMU. Adeyi began his college career at DII Harding as a walk-on, before rushing for 1017 yards and seven touchdowns at North Texas last year. 

As Sims put it, “that’s what movies are made of.”

Adeyi shared his “why” in front of the team during camp, which Sims said was good for the former four-star recruit to understand how the former walk-on approaches his day-to-day. Pettaway said the duo have a great relationship other than how they both think the other snores too loud. 

“A lot of people think George is a young guy but I see him as a vet,” Adeyi said. “I learn from all the guys. Being an older guy, everyone may think that I’m, like, ‘cozying up’ everyone, but I learned from the guys like Wayne [Knight, from KB [Ke’Marion Baldwin] and I hope that they learn from me too.” 

Adeyi said the “biggest thing” on his wish list for his next school was to find a winning program, and he said there’s no better place for him than JMU.

In camp, Adeyi has been working with Sims and offensive line coach Chris Smith to improve his pass blocking. At his prior schools, pass protection was very dumbed down, but with JMU, he’s learning more NFL-friendly techniques. 

“Now I’m learning how to scan and in the pros that’s a very important thing for running backs to be able to see,” Adeyi said. 

Last season, JMU wasn’t shy of talent in the backfield. Kaelon Black ran for 637 yards while Ty Son Lawton ran for 568, and both backs averaged 4.5 yards per carry. 

The production was there. The volume, on the other hand, was not. Neither back ever had more than 19 carries in a game, and they combined for 268 carries on the season. Three running backs in the Sun Belt broke 268 on their own.

The Dukes finished in the bottom four of the Sun Belt in rushing attempts, rushing yards and yards per carry.

One JMU player in particular is excited about the possibilities of the run game this season.

“Pass pro[tection] is fun, but you just control the game [when run blocking],” senior offensive lineman Tyshawn Wyatt said. “You can dictate how much time you want to take off of the clock … run game and defense is literally how you win football football games, how you win championships. That’s the formula here.”

The Dukes will need to use their deep running back room more this season since they lost their top three receivers and their starting tight end to the transfer portal and graduation. The leader of the returning receivers is redshirt junior Taji Hudson, who only had eight receptions last season. 

Even with JMU increasing its emphasis on running the ball this season, Adeyi wants to improve his pass protection.

Adeyi said that pass protection was simple for him in the past. Now, he’s trying to learn and engage more in blocking because he aspires to play in the NFL.

Who better to learn professional-level pass protection from than JMU offensive line coach Chris Smith? He spent four seasons with JMU head coach Bob Chesney at Holy Cross before becoming an assistant offensive line coach for the New York Giants.

Sims recognizes Adeyi’s commitment and improvement as a pass blocker and said when he gets an opportunity at the next level, he’ll be ready to pick up blitz.

“He’s going to be able to see it all,” Sims said of Adeyi.

Sims also said that JMU’s pass protection shares a lot of parallels with NFL pass protection. 

Smith is also the Dukes’ run game coordinator, meaning he and Sims have been collaborating closely to maximize the running game.

“In coaching, sometimes you get into your system and you know your one way, but you don’t know other ways to do it,” Smith said. “[Sims] knows a bunch of different ways to do it and the pros and cons of doing everything. We’re really working together, it’s a complete collaborative effort.”

Contact Preston Comer and Hayden Hundley at breezesports@gmail.com. For more football coverage, follow the sports desk on X and Instagram @TheBreezeSports.

 

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Ahead of Week 1: What to expect from new-look WRs and TEs

JMU football lost its top three receivers and its starting tight end from last season. Now, the Dukes will rely on returning receiver redshirt junior Taji Hudson, along with redshirt senior transfers Brionne Penny and Cam Ross. At tight end, JMU has senior tight end Taylor Thompson and redshirt senior Kyi Wright returning, along with redshirt junior transfer Logan Kyle.

Ahead of Week 1: The secondary is shaping up with fresh faces

JMU football graduated six members of the secondary last season, and cornerback D'Angelo Ponds transferred to Indiana. Now junior cornerback Chauncey Logan is at the helm of a young secondary.

Ahead of Week 1: A glimpse into the reworked RB room

After finishing 12th in the Sun Belt for rushing yards last season the Dukes revamped their room with four transfers — most notably redshirt sophomore George Pettaway and senior Ayo Adeyi who rushed for 1017 yards at North Texas last year. 

Ahead of Week 1: Dukes' defensive line embraces 'junkyard dog' mentality

After graduating standout defensive ends Jalen Green and Jamree Kromah last year, the Dukes defense is entering a new era this season. Transfers redshirt junior edge Eric O'Neil and redshirt seniors Khairi Manns and Lloyd Summerall III are the Dukes' newest faces.

Ahead of Week 1: Dobbs leads experienced linebacker room

After losing last season's leading tacklers, Aiden Fisher and Jailin Walker, the Dukes revamped their linebacker room with 2023 Comeback Player of the Year senior Jacob Dobbs and former Fresno State senior Raymond Scott. Sixth-year senior Taurus Jones and junior Trent Hendrick are also returning. 

JMU football’s new defensive line hoping to leave its own legacy

JMU lost it’s four starting defensive lineman from last season. Now, the Dukes line looks to create for themselves with young talent and and new players from the transfer portal.

Barnett, Morris compete for starting nod ahead of week one

JMU redshirt sophomore quarterback Alonza Barnett III and redshirt senior quarterback Dylan Morris are competing for the starting position as the Dukes get ready to play Charlotte week one.

Former JMU All-American Green readies for NFL chance after medical clearance

Former JMU defensive end Jalen Green has been medically cleared for football activities after suffering a knee injury last season. Green’s agent, Chad Wiestling, has sent footage of Green training with Troy Jones to 15 NFL teams. 

Chesney Sr. continues 53-year coaching career with his son at JMU

Bob Chesney Sr. has coached with his son since 2002 and has no intention of stopping soon. Chesney Sr. is continuing his 53-year long coaching career with the Dukes this season.

No. 18 JMU men’s soccer has stalemate 0-0 draw with No. 21 UCLA

JMU men's soccer tied UCLA 0-0 on Sunday night. The Dukes will move to 0-0-2 on the year and will play NC State (2-0-0) in their home opener on Saturday. 

JMU volleyball aims for NCAA Tournament win in upcoming season

After making a run for the Sun Belt Championship and making the NCAA tournament last season, JMU volleyball is set to kick off 2024 on Friday at 7 p.m. against Delaware State.

Preview | JMU football set to open season against new-look Charlotte

Starting on Saturday, JMU football is back. The Dukes will take on Charlotte at 8 p.m. in head coach Bob Chesney's first game with JMU. Charlotte head coach Biff Poggi said that the 49ers will be without “definitely eight, probably nine” starters.

Three takeaways from JMU football's first half against Charlotte

Here are three takeaways from JMU's first half against Charlotte. The Dukes lead the 49ers with a score of 9-7 in both teams season opener.

Quick hits: JMU football beats Charlotte 30-7

JMU beat Charlotte 30-7 in its season opener. This marks the first win under head coach Bob Chesney.

Alonza Barnett III leads JMU football to 30-7 opening win over Charlotte

JMU beat Charlotte 30-7 in its season opener. The Dukes first win of the Bob Chesney area was highlighted by redshirt sophomore Alonza Barnett III who finished with two touchdowns and 308 total yards. Senior wide receiver Omarion Dollison finished the night with two receptions for 80 yards and a touchdown. Next, JMU will face Gardner-Webb next Saturday at 6 p.m.

Bonding creates “enthusiastic” culture ahead of JMU Cross Country’s season

JMU cross country is welcoming a lot of new faces this season and the Dukes spent their offseason building chemistry. They Dukes got closer with activities such as team brunches, dinners and going to the movies.

Sunday notebook: How a revamped JMU found its rhythm in second half

JMU beat Charlotte 30-7 in its season opener on Saturday night. Here are some important takeaways from the Dukes' win to keep an eye on as the season goes on.

Do’s and don’ts for JMU students ahead of football’s home opener

With JMU football’s first home game approaching this Saturday at 6 p.m. against Gardner-Webb, there are some important tips for students to know for game day.

+2
Analysis | What the film says about JMU football’s 30-7 win over Charlotte

After grinding the tape of JMU football's 30-7 Saturday win over Charlotte there's a lot to evaluate about the Dukes coaches and players. Junior safety Jacob Thomas and redshirt senior edge graded amongst the highest in their positions, according to Pro Football Focus.

Tags
Jmu Football 2024 Jmu Football Roster 2024 Jmu Football Schedule 2024 Jmu Record 2024 Curt Cignetti Jmu Why Can’t Jmu Football Play In A Bowl Game Is Jmu In A Bowl Game Is Jordan Mccloud Coming Back Next Year Dylan Morris Stats 2024 Jmu Football Highlights 2024 Jmu App State 2024 Jmu App State Full Game 2024 Jmu App State Highlights 2024 Is Jmu Good At Football Is Jmu A Football School Will Curt Cignetti Leave Jmu Is Curt Cignetti A Good Coach Jmu Football Transfer Portal Jmu Transfer Portal 2024 Phoenix Sproles Jmu Jmu New Transfers 2024 Who’s Leaving Jmu Football 2024 Jmu Nonconference Games 2024 Jmu Uva 2024 Where Can I Get Jmu Tickets Jmu Athletics Schedule 2024 Taurus Jones Elijah Sarratt Cheese Sarratt Ryan Hanson Camden Wise Reggie Brown Ty Son Lawton Jalen Green Jamree Kromah Bob Chesney Jmu New Head Coach Bob Chesney Who Is Bob Chesney Is Bob Chesney A Good Coach Wroblewski Acting Head Coach Damian Wroblewski Marcus Hall-oliver Nick Kidwell Coaching Who Did Damian Wroblewski Hire For Jmus Bowl Game Who Is Coaching Jmus Bowl Game When Is Jmu’s Bowl Game Who Is Jmu Playing In Their Bowl Game Jacob Dobbs Tyler Purdy Lyle Hemphill Dean Kennedy George Pettaway Cam Ross Dylan Morris Jc Evans Dylan Williams Ayo Adeyi Chase Regan Spring Football Jmu Spring Game Jmu Recruits Jmu Football Recruits Jmu Football Class Of 2025 Is Jmu Good At Recruiting Weston Sturzinger Jmu Trey Dudley Jmu Jerlad James Jmu James Madison Dukes Football Running Back Gridiron Football Variants American Football Team Seasons Seasons In American Football College Football Conference Seasons College Football Seasons American Football Sports Ncaa Division I Fbs Football Teams College Football Bowls Tight End Champion Seasons In American Football Team Sports American Football Bowls Ncaa Division I Fbs Football Blocking (american Football) Gridiron Football Ncaa Division I Fbs Football Seasons
Preston Comer

Sports Editor

 FOLLOW PRESTON COMER
Hayden Hundley

Sports Editor

 FOLLOW HAYDEN HUNDLEY
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGN UP
MANAGE YOUR LISTS
Around the Web
Cheapest Way to Get New Windows if You Own a Home in Nevada
Nevada: Say Bye to Your Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Las Vegas Seniors Love This Nail Clipper!
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Cardiologists: How Older Women Are Slimming Down Quickly
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch for Pain-free Blood Sugar Testing in Las Vegas
Bariatrician Stunned: Forget Ozempic, This "Fixes" Your Hanging Belly! Try It!
MOST POPULAR
JMU lands eight transfers on the weekend before Christmas
JMU football’s Eric O’Neill enters portal following bowl victory
JMU football 2024 transfer portal tracker
Miidseason QB changes take USC, Texas A&M into Las Vegas Bowl
Navy aims for rare 10th win in Armed Forces Bowl vs. Oklahoma
LOCAL WEATHER

Currently in Harrisonburg

38° 
Cloudy
42° / 26°
9 PM
38°
10 PM
38°
11 PM
38°
12 AM
39°
1 AM
39°
NEWSLETTERS
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGNUP
MANAGE LISTS
SECTIONS
Home
News
Opinion
Culture
Sports
Photos
Breeze TV
Local Events
SERVICES
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
How to Get Involved
Delivery
Place A Classifieds Ad
Promote Your Event
Contributor Policies/Registration
CONTACT INFORMATION
breezejmu.org
1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805
Harrisonburg, VA 22807
Phone: 540-568-6127
Email: breezeeditor@gmail.com

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
© Copyright 2024 The Breeze 1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805, Harrisonburg, VA  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.breezejmu.org/sports/jmu-football-s-revamped-running-game-looks-to-dictate-opposing-defenses/article_f5aada34-659a-11ef-8b15-47668eb403a9.html 
 ----- 
