English
Home / News / Sports News / Oman's Bilal Khan becomes fastest pacer to 100 ODI wickets
Summarize
Next Article
Bilal Khan completed 100 wickets in 49 ODIs (Image source: X/@TheOmanCricket)
Oman's Bilal Khan becomes fastest pacer to 100 ODI wickets
By
Parth Dhall
Jul 24, 2024
09:32 pm
What's the story

Oman pacer Bilal Khan took three wickets against Namibia in the 2024 ICC Men's Cricket World Cup League 2 encounter in Dundee.

The left-arm seamer's three-wicket haul restricted Namibia to 196/9 in 50 overs.

With this, Bilal became the fastest-ever seamer to complete 100 wickets in ODI cricket (matches taken). Overall, he is the third-fastest bowler to this mark.

Here are the key stats.

Record

Bilal surpasses Shaheen Afridi

Bilal is now the fastest seamer to 100 wickets in ODI cricket, achieving this in 49 matches.

He broke the record of Pakistan's Shaheen Afridi, who touched the 100-wicket mark in his 51st encounter.

Australian seamer Mitchell Starc occupies the third spot, having taken 52 matches for this.

Overall, only Nepal's Sandeep Lamichhane (42 matches) and Afghanistan's Rashid Khan (44) are ahead of Bilal.

You're
25%
through

Spell

Bilal takes three wickets against Namibia

Bilal was the pick of Oman's bowlers in the match against Namibia. He took three wickets for 50 runs in 10 overs, including a maiden.

The Oman seamer dismissed Namibia skipper Gerhard Erasmus and Jan Frylinc in back-to-back overs. This brough Namibia down to 71/4.

His final wicket came in the form of wicket-keeper JP Kotze.

You're
50%
through

Career

Bilal owns 101 ODI wickets

Interestingly, Bilal made his ODI debut against the same opposition (Namibia) in the 2019 ICC World Cricket League Division 2 final.

As of now, the left-arm seamer has taken 101 wickets from 49 ODIs at an incredible average of 20.97. His tally includes 4 four-wicket hauls and as many fifers.

Bilal has an economy rate of 5.06 in the format.

You're
75%
through

Information

Only Oman bowler with 100+ ODI wickets

Bilal has become the first player from Oman with 100 wickets in ODI cricket. It is worth noting that only one other Oman player has 50+ wickets in the format. Zeeshan Maqsood owns 56 scalps in ODIs.

Done!
Related News
Latest
ICC Cricket World Cup
Cricket News
Latest
BJP to finalize remaining Delhi election candidates on January 10 
Aam Aadmi Party (AAP)
All-round New Zealand clinch ODI series against Sri Lanka
Charith Asalanka
India extends Sheikh Hasina's visa amid extradition demand by Bangladesh 
Bangladesh
Sunita Williams to conduct 6.5-hour-long spacewalk on THIS date
International Space Station (ISS)
Indian Premier League (IPL)
Celebrity
Hollywood
Bollywood
UEFA Champions League
Tennis
Football
Smartphones
Cryptocurrency
Upcoming Movies
Premier League
Cricket News
Latest automobiles
Latest Cars
Upcoming Cars
Latest Bikes
Upcoming Tablets
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Ethical Conduct
Grievance Redressal
News
News Archive
Topics Archive
Download DevBytes
Find Cricket Statistics
Follow us on
All rights reserved © NewsBytes 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newsbytesapp.com/news/sports/bilal-khan-becomes-fastest-pacer-to-100-odi-wickets/story 
 ----- 
