The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Jordan Wicks surrenders four runs to A's in Cubs' 4-3 loss
The A’s evened the series 1-1.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 18, 2024, 2:30am UTC

Cubs pitcher Jordan Wicks delivers in the second inning against the Oakland Athletics at Wrigley Field on Sept. 17, 2024. 

Griffin Quinn/Getty Images

SHARE
COPY LINK

In a rough patch, Cubs rookie left-hander Jordan Wicks has made the most of his veteran teammates’ willingness to help.

Knowing Jameson Taillon wouldn’t sugarcoat his answer, Wicks sought his perspective after allowing four home runs to the Dodgers last week. As Wicks tells it, Taillon shared his own experiences as a young player and the importance of not overreacting to bad starts.

“That was huge for me, just to keep that confidence,” Wicks said.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
Free agent Roki Sasaki has yet to 'narrow the field,' but the Cubs at least cleared the first step
Cubs trade first baseman Matt Mervis to Marlins for utility player Vidal Brujan
How you voted on the best, worst Chicago sports stories of 2024
LATEST STORIES
Picture Chicago: 16 must-see Sun-Times photos from this week in news
Illinois joins IRS Direct File program, allowing some taxpayers to file federal taxes for free
Firefighter improving after injury during Gage Park warehouse blaze, 'There is no threat to his life'
Snow causing delays, cancellations on air and ground in Chicago; over 100 flights canceled at O'Hare
Naperville North quarterback Jacob Bell picks Indiana
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
SPORTS
Was 2024 the worst year for Chicago sports? Sun-Times readers weigh in
To some, 2024 was the worst because of the White Sox’ record-breaking losses and the Bears’ on- and off-field drama, while others reflect not-so-fondly on the misery of 1969 and the 1970s.
By Sun-Times Staff  Jan 10, 2025, 5:00pm UTC
MURALS AND MOSAICS
Edgewater mural, inspired by nature and folk art, brightens dilapidated lot
The huge painting next to a vacant lot and behind a chain-link fence gets more notice, says artist Molly Zakrajsek, than any other work she’s done.
By Genevieve Bookwalter  Jan 10, 2025, 5:00pm UTC
SPORTS MEDIA
ESPN, Fox, Warner Bros. Discovery discontinue Venu Sports
Days after seemingly buying a lifeline, the companies pulled the plug on Venu Sports, the trio’s proposed streaming service, effective immediately.
By Jeff Agrest  Jan 10, 2025, 4:45pm UTC
BEARS
Bears head coach candidate tracker: Pete Carroll interviews, Ben Johnson will soon
Tracking the candidates in the Bears’ wide-ranging head coaching search.
By Patrick Finley  and  Jason Lieser  Jan 10, 2025, 4:41pm UTC
NATION/WORLD
Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
Trump’s sentence of an unconditional discharge caps a norm-smashing case that saw the former and future president charged with 34 felonies, put on trial for almost two months and convicted by a jury on every count.
By AP  Jan 10, 2025, 3:46pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/17/jordan-wicks-surrenders-three-runs-to-as-in-cubs-4-3-loss 
 ----- 
