Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Shea Langeliers homers twice as the Oakland A’s edge the Chicago Cubs 4-3
1 of 6 |  

Oakland Athletics’ Shea Langeliers celebrates after hitting a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

2 of 6 |  

Oakland Athletics’ Shea Langeliers hits a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

3 of 6 |  

Oakland Athletics pitcher Mason Miller reacts to striking out Chicago Cubs designated hitter Seiya Suzuki to end the baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

4 of 6 |  

Chicago Cubs second baseman Nico Hoerner catches a pop out from Oakland Athletics’ Zack Gelof during the eighth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

5 of 6 |  

Chicago Cubs’ Miles Mastrobuoni, left, is forced out at second by Oakland Athletics shortstop Jacob Wilson who throws to first in an attempted double play during the eighth inning of a baseball game ,Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

6 of 6 |  

Chicago Cubs’ Ian Happ, right, slaps hands with third base coach Willie Harris as he runs the bases on a home run during the third inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Erin Hooley)

BY  MATT CARLSON
Updated 3:47 AM UTC, September 18, 2024
Share

CHICAGO (AP) — Shea Langeliers homered twice, including a towering solo drive that cleared the Wrigley Field bleachers in left, and the Oakland Athletics beat the Chicago Cubs 4-3 on Tuesday night.

Langeliers’ third multihomer game of the season and No. 5 for his career upped his season total to 28, extending his career best.

“The homers kind of come in bunches,” said Langeliers, who finished with three RBIs. “It’s not just a linear thing. You go through those stretches where you see the ball really well, you’re on everything and sometimes it seems like you don’t even see the ball.”

Lawrence Butler also went deep for Oakland, which stopped a three-game losing streak. The skid included back-to-back losses to the MLB-worst White Sox.

Ian Happ hit two solo homers for the Cubs (77-74), who fell six games behind the New York Mets for the final NL wild card with 11 games left.

Happ’s 25th homer, a one-out drive to left on a 103.2 mph fastball from All-Star closer Mason Miller, got Chicago within one in the ninth. But Miller retired Dansby Swanson on a grounder to first before striking out Seiya Suzuki for his 26th save.

RELATED STORIES
Cubs' Sammy Sosa appears to acknowledge PED use, apologizes
Cubs Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg says cancer has returned, spread
Boyd thankful for chance with Cubs following return from Tommy John surgery

“It almost kind of forces you to rise to the occasion,” Miller said. “You obviously want to quiet an away crowd, but the ninth inning usually is the most exciting part of the game.”

The Cubs said the switch-hitting Happ’s shot in the ninth was the fastest pitch hit for a home run in the Statcast era, since 2015.

“I was trying to go up and missed down,” Miller said. “So I could kind of look at it that way, that I missed my spot, but going opposite field, you tip your hat.”

Happ said he was just trying to make contact and not swing late.

“You’re trying so hard to be on time for that fastball it makes the other stuff play up,” Happ said. “That’s the difference. He’s throwing an 88-mile-an-hour slider, and that’s a 15-mile-an-hour difference. That’s crazy.”

Nico Hoerner hit three singles for Chicago, and Michael Busch drove in a run. Jordan Wicks (2-4) allowed four runs and seven hits in five innings.

Oakland rookie Mitch Spence (8-9) pitched five effective innings for his first win since July 27. He permitted two runs and seven hits.

With Brent Rooker aboard after a one-out single in the first, Langeliers drove a 1-0 fastball deep to left-center. Butler gave Oakland a 3-0 lead when he hit his 22nd homer into the basket in the third.

The Cubs responded with two runs in the bottom half on Happ’s drive to right and Busch’s bloop RBI single.

Langeliers’ second homer of the night sailed 418 feet, reaching Waveland Avenue in the fifth.

MAKING MOVES

The Cubs recalled right-hander Daniel Palencia from Triple-A Iowa and optioned righty Trey Wingenter to their top farm club. Palencia pitched two scoreless innings.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Athletics: Butler was back in the leadoff spot and right field after a maintenance day on Monday.

Cubs: LHP Justin Steele will rejoin the rotation on Wednesday against Oakland. Steele, Chicago’s opening-day starter, has been on the 15-day injured list since Sept. 1 with left elbow tendinitis.

UP NEXT

Oakland LHP Brady Basso (1-0, 1.23 ERA) faces Steele (5-5, 3.09 ERA) in the series finale on Wednesday afternoon. Basso earned his first major league win against the White Sox on Friday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Find The Best Cowboy Boots for Wide Feet
Ariat
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of patient left in scalding hot bath tub
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Charges against men accused of shooting at Black FedEx driver...
A Mississippi judge has dismissed all charges against two white men who pros...
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
What ignited the deadly Californ ia wildfires? Investigators cons...
Investigators are considering an array of possible ignition sources for the fires tha...
AP News
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Florida grand jury investigating COVID-19 vaccines finds no evi...
A statewide grand jury convened at the request of Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis has...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/athletics-cubs-score-4ae6d52794abaa5aa154ca156845e080 
 ----- 
