Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs lefty Jordan Wicks shows improvement in loss — and Justin Steele will start the series finale
Jordan Wicks of the Chicago Cubs delivers a pitch in the second inning against the Oakland Athletics at Wrigley Field on Sept. 17, 2024. (Griffin Quinn/Getty Images)
By MEGHAN MONTEMURRO | mmontemurro@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 18, 2024 at 7:02 AM CDT

For Chicago Cubs left-hander Jordan Wicks, subpar command that limits his repertoire is a dangerous combination.

Too many mistakes in the zone Tuesday against the Oakland A’s presented some challenges for Wicks, who gave up four runs and seven hits in five innings during the Cubs’ 4-3 loss. The Cubs (77-74) went 1-for-6 with runners in scoring position and left nine on base.

Wicks had been looking to bounce back from a tough outing at Dodger Stadium last week when he was tagged for seven runs, including four first-inning home runs, over three innings.

“Well, overall from the beginning, it was a little bit of a struggle, to be honest,” manager Craig Counsell said of Wicks’ outing. “The misses were just big enough to get him into trouble, and then he obviously got burned on misses in the strike zone, just middle-middle pitches, essentially. And to their credit, they didn’t hit singles with them.

“There’s very few pitchers that can get away with having one pitch working, and somebody like Jordan has to have his repertoire working to be really effective.”

Wicks felt his command Tuesday took a step in the right direction and was better than it has been this month.

“There’s no excuses, though, when you’re at this league and you’re trying to help us win, it’s definitely not ideal missing three months of the season,” Wicks said. “But there’s no time for excuses. You’ve got to go out there and compete.”

Ian Happ’s second solo home run of the game brought the Cubs within a run in the ninth. His opposite-field home run against A’s closer Mason Miller came off a 103.2 mph pitch. It’s the fastest pitch any MLB player has homered on in the Statcast era (since 2015) and gave Happ his 15th career multi-homer game.

“Just try to be on time for fastest, one of the fastest pitches in the game, he’s got good stuff and obviously it’s been great all year,” Happ said. “You’re trying so hard to be on time for that fastball, it makes the other stuff play up.”

Ian Happ of the Chicago Cubs hits a solo home run in the ninth inning against the Oakland Athletics at Wrigley Field on Sept. 17, 2024. (Griffin Quinn/Getty Images)

Wicks has struggled with his fastball command for stretches since coming off the injured list on Sept. 1. Too often his fastball-changeup go-to combination hasn’t been efficient, and opposing hitters have made him pay. In three starts this month entering Tuesday, Wicks has allowed 11 runs and 17 hits in 13 innings (7.62 ERA) with eight walks and six strikeouts. It would bode well for Wicks to show improvement in his last three starts of the season to end his year on a high note after battling injuries.

Justin Steele to start the series finale

Left-hander Justin Steele and the Cubs had been confident that if his elbow tendinitis resolved as they had hoped, he would be back before the season ended.

Steele’s recovery has set him up to come off the injured list Wednesday and start the series finale versus Oakland. With Steele rejoining the rotation, the Cubs will push the other five starters’ turn back one game. While the Cubs could have opted to shut down Steele for the rest of the season, both sides felt it was valuable to get back into game action, even with the Cubs still sizably outside of the final National League wild-card spot.

Cubs recall Daniel Palencia

The Cubs made a bullpen move before Tuesday’s game, recalling right-hander Daniel Palencia from Triple-A Iowa.

Right-hander Trey Wingenter was optioned to Iowa as the corresponding move. Wingenter had primarily been used by Counsell in low-leverage spots. This represents another opportunity for Palencia to show he can harness the command he’s displayed in Triple A but hasn’t been able to consistently provide at the major-league level.

Palencia tossed two perfect innings Tuesday against the A’s, striking out two while efficiently needing only 16 pitches and throwing 13 strikes.

Originally Published: September 17, 2024 at 10:16 PM CDT
Around the Web
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Taking Council Bluffs by Storm!
Rechol
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Don't Ever Get Caught on The Slopes Without These Skiing Gear Essentials
Fanyil
Iowa Seniors Are Getting Thousands Back in Savings on Their Home Insurance
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Nightly Cure: How Your Bedtime Routine Can Reset Nerve Damage
2025 Neuropathy Guide
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
The Surprising Link Between Your Pillowcase and Aging
Blissy
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Here's How Much You Should Pay for Affordable Gutter Guards
LeafFilter Partner
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Intrigued!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
Judge sentences Donald Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Judge releases woman who stabbed a classmate to please Slender Man from a psychiatric hospital
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Editorial: Speaker Welch’s recent behavior in Springfield raises questions around his Illinois House leadership
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years days before term ends
U.S. Marshals arrest Hammond man charged with gunning down ex-wife
Chicago man charged in Oak Lawn traffic accident death
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75
Japanese pitcher Roki Sasaki may visit teams — including the Chicago Cubs — as he narrows down signing choices
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
2024
September
17
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/17/chicago-cubs-jordan-wicks-justin-steele/ 
 ----- 
