EXTENSIVE COVERAGE
Former President Jimmy Carter dies at age 100 
CLOSE
Weather
52°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Sponsored Content
Sponsored Content | Spanish
Timeless in Texas
Marketplace
More
Help Center
Classifieds
Obituaries
Guides
Back to the Ballot
Parents' Guide to Summer
Voter Guide
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Topics
Soccer
Golf
Today's Articles in Print
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Cowboys haunted by familiar ghosts in Cooper Rush’s return to Philly house of horrors
What we know about former president Jimmy Carter’s passing
Wicked weather: At least 4 killed during weekend storms in the Deep South
Biden administration agrees to stop selling extra border wall material, Paxton says
Rico Dowdle claims piece of Cowboys history by reaching 1,000-yard mark vs. Eagles
Jimmy Carter dies: Tributes, condolences grow for former president
What’s next for Mercy Culture Church after Fort Worth approves human trafficking shelter
2 Oregon men die in forest after they went searching for Sasquatch
Troy Pride Jr. calls out Sydney Brown after Cowboys-Eagles skirmish that led to ejections
Jimmy Carter played major role in Texas’ shift from blue to red
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSFC DALLAS

USMNT wins Concacaf Nations League over Mexico, match mired by homophobic chants
The mach ended in a classic 2-0 scoreline at AT&T Stadium on Sunday night.

By Abraham Nudelstejer

Staff Writer

Mar. 24, 2024
|
Updated 10:38 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
United States midfielder Tyler Adams lifts the trophy as the team celebrates after a victory over Mexico in the CONCACAF Nations League final soccer match on Sunday, March 24, 2024, in Arlington. From left in the front are forward Gio Reyna (7), defender Sergiño Dest (2), Adams, forward Christian Pulisic (10) and midfielder Weston Mckennie (8).(Smiley N. Pool / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON — Gregg Berhalter dreams of leaving an indelible legacy in the history of soccer as coach of U.S. Men’s National Team, and on Sunday, he took another step in his attempt.

With a spectacular goal from midfielder Tyler Adams, the USMNT defeated Mexico 2-0 in the Concacaf Nations League Final held at AT&T Stadium.

Adams’ goal was in the 45th minute when he unleashed a powerful 30-yard shot that skimmed the base of the right post, avoiding the effort of Mexico goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa.

Sports Roundup

Get the latest D-FW sports news, analysis, scores and more.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

For Adams, winning the Concacaf Nations League at AT&T Stadium was special.

“I’m a fan of the NY Giants, so winning this tournament at the home of the Cowboys is something special,” said Adams, who has played 38 games for the USMNT.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Everybody knows that the Cowboys are America’s team; it’s a beautiful venue, and we’re very fortunate to play here as it was winning the trophy in front of a home crowd,” Adams said.

Photos: Concacaf Nations League Final at AT&T Stadium between the United States and Mexico
37 IMAGES
VIEW GALLERY

The United States had to fight against their rival on the field and against the majority of the 59,471 fans who watched the game at the Cowboys’ home.

The Mexican fans tried to play their game from their seats by booing and whistling at the United States players every time they touched the ball.

ADVERTISEMENT

The pressure from the Mexican fans on the Stars and Stripes squad was intense, but as soon as the United States scored, the El Tri fans deflated and began to pressure their own team with expressions of contempt for their poor showing on the field.

In the second half, Mexico tried to come back but was rarely able to endanger the United States goal guarded by Matt Turner.

As the minutes passed, the Mexican players began to show frustration by committing fouls that earned them three yellow cards.

In the 62nd minute, Gio Reyna scored the second goal for the United States by taking advantage of a rebound inside the box that he finished with his right leg.

In the 72nd minute, the Canadian referee Drew Fisher called a penalty in favor of Mexico for an alleged kick by Antonee Robinson on Santiago Giménez, but after reviewing the play in the VAR, the referee retracted it himself.

In the 87th minute, the referee suspended the game after the Mexican fans started to shout homophobic chants every time the United States goalkeeper cleared the ball.

Related:Mexico fans’ homophobic chant at AT&T Stadium delays Concacaf Nations League Final
ADVERTISEMENT

The game was stopped for four minutes.

The referee suspended the match a second time for the same reason and a few seconds after it restarted, he ended the match.

The United States presented a young group of players in the Nations League with an average age of 24.8 years, most of whom play in Europe.

“This is a big event that can help define who you are as a group”, Berhalter said. “We saw this as an opportunity to create a legacy for this group of players. We love the Nations League. We love what this tournament represents.

ADVERTISEMENT

For the United States, this is their third consecutive Concacaf Nations League title.

El Tri’s defeat sparked an explosion of comments on social media from Mexican fans calling for the dismissal of coach Jaime Lozano.

Related:Pressure mounting for Mexico’s Jaime Lozano ahead of Concacaf Nations League Final vs. USA

Even before the game ended, #fueraJimmy (Jimmy out) began to trend on X and other social media platforms.

ADVERTISEMENT

“This is how I am judged because I am the coach of the Mexican national team. I understand it, but I don’t share it,” Lozano said.

“I have always thought that processes take you to a better place than seeking immediate results. The fact that the players believe in my work and believe in me as their coach has a significant value,” Lozano said.

The victory over Mexico bodes well for the USMNT, which will compete in the Copa America to be played in the United States in the summer.

“Winning the Nations League is a huge step for our group moving forward. Not many of us have played in such a big final. It was a great experience for us, and now we know what it’s about,” Adams said

ADVERTISEMENT

The USMNT reached the Nations League final after struggling to beat Jamaica in extra time, which generated criticism against Berhalter from some press members.

Even so, the United States coach believes his team is on the right path.

“For us, it is all about how we take that next step to continue the development of this group,” Berhlter said. “I’m very proud of this team.”

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
FC Dallas acquires defender Shaq Moore in trade with Nashville SC
FC Dallas follows familiar path, emphasizes defense with 2025 MLS SuperDraft selections
USWNT’s Trinity Rodman opens up on relationship with Dennis Rodman: ‘He’s not a dad’
ADVERTISEMENT

Find more soccer coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By Abraham Nudelstejer

News reporter with more than 25 years of experience in media outlets. He arrived at The Dallas Morning News in January 2020 and has held different positions for the DMN and Al Día. He has received several awards as a reporter and editor, including the Texas APME Awards and the José Martí Award.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Denton County mixed-use project prepares for launch on Interstate 35E
2
Troy Pride Jr. calls out Sydney Brown after Cowboys-Eagles skirmish that led to ejections
3
Dallas Animal Services to ease New Year’s Eve stress for shelter pets
4
Jimmy Carter played major role in Texas’ shift from blue to red
5
Tarrant County jail inmate died in custody following medical emergency, official says
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2024 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/fc-dallas/2024/03/24/usmnt-wins-concacaf-nations-league-over-mexico-match-mired-by-homophobic-chants/ 
 ----- 
