MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
€0.75
sale price:  
 €0.38/week
Billed as €1.50 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then €3 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged €1.50 in advance every four weeks for the first year and €3 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Yankees’ clubhouse wasn’t ‘good enough.’ Can they improve through trades or free agency?
By Chris Kirschner
Sep 25, 2023

230

NEW YORK — There aren’t many quiet places in New York. After all, it’s the most densely populated city in the United States. But on Monday, Yankee Stadium was one of the most serene places in the city. Numerous sections of the stadium were empty, making for a peaceful place to enjoy an afternoon.

At one point in the first inning during the Yankees’ home finale, 47 people were present in the right field bleachers. If not for the blue seats, a baseball fan could easily mistake this for Oakland Coliseum, given the light attendance for Monday’s rescheduled game against the Arizona Diamondbacks.

Rain fell all game, which was fitting for a season that the organization cannot wait to wash away from memory. After the team was officially eliminated from playoff contention on Sunday, Yankees captain Aaron Judge said there’s, “A lot of stuff going on around here that needs to be fixed.”

The Yankees have hired an outside company to audit the organization, which will commence when the season officially ends on Oct. 1. But there aren’t many individual opinions that matter more inside Yankeeland than Judge’s. His comments resonated inside the clubhouse a day later.

“You can’t just sit here and say that what we did this year is good enough to go into next year, right?” Yankees first baseman Anthony Rizzo said. “You have to first look yourself in the mirror and say why wasn’t this clubhouse good enough?”

There are a few key reasons why the Yankees’ clubhouse wasn’t good enough. The No. 1 issue is the Yankees’ best players could not stay healthy. According to Spotrac, the Yankees have spent $79,970,372 on players occupying the injured list, the most for any team in MLB. That number will grow until the season concludes next week.

As the injuries piled up, the team’s lack of depth became glaring. Starting pitchers Carlos Rodón, Luis Severino and Frankie Montas were unavailable at the beginning of the season. Center fielder Harrison Bader and relief pitchers Tommy Kahnle and Lou Trivino were out, too. From there, injuries continued and underperformance skyrocketed. But that isn’t why the Yankees won’t be in the playoffs for the first time since 2016, Rizzo said.

“We grinded but it’s going to be easy to say with injuries (how) things didn’t go our way, but that’s the case of every story of every year,” Rizzo said. “You got to face adversity and we didn’t do well with that.”

Yankees manager Aaron Boone, who said he hasn’t definitively been told if he’s returning next season but is under contract, was asked if he believes that this wasted season was doomed more by the pile-up of injuries or if the roster was just simply flawed from the beginning. Boone said injuries can’t be discounted, but mentioned how the team had similar injury issues in 2019 and found a way to advance to the American League Championship Series.

“It doesn’t mean that’s the end-all, be-all and you can’t figure it out,” Boone said. “And it’s on us to figure it out when things like that happen. But we’re always accountable and we have an expectation around here to be playing next week at this time, and unfortunately, that’s not the case and we’ve got to ask some tough questions and will ask some tough questions and try to fortify ourselves better moving forward.”

	Giancarlo Stanton has struggled all year for the Yankees, and he’s under contract for four more years. (Jim McIsaac / Getty Images)

Boone, Judge and Rizzo wouldn’t publicly reveal what they believe needs to change in 2024, but one thing the manager mentioned was how the team will analyze its inability to hit fastballs at respectable rates, and perhaps revamp the team’s training methods to hit high-velocity pitching. Heading into Monday’s game, the Yankees were tied with the Athletics for last in batting average (.246) against all fastballs, including sinkers and cutters. When they have hit fastballs, the Yankees haven’t done much damage with them, ranking seventh-to-last in slugging percentage.

On the Yankees roster, there’s not a bigger offender of not being able to catch up to a fastball than Giancarlo Stanton. Stanton is hitting .197/.306/.463 against all fastballs this season. That problem is further exacerbated when facing fastballs over 95 mph, which Stanton is hitting .157/.239/.277. Nearly all of Stanton’s 2023 season is troubling, considering he’s still under contract for four more years and is owed $98 million. There is no easy way out of that deal because he has a full no-trade clause and it’s a significant amount of money to eat.

But Stanton is not the only veteran who’s struggled catching up to 95+ mph pitches this season. DJ LeMahieu, under contract for three more seasons, is hitting .141/.276/.328. Rizzo, who played for two months before being shut down with post-concussion syndrome, hit .206/.299/.353. Out of those who are guaranteed to be on the Opening Day roster in 2024, Stanton, LeMahieu and Rizzo are the three worst hitters against high-velocity pitches on the team.

Why is this such a worry? Well, as MLB.com’s Mike Petriello pointed out, velocity is only going up in the sport. Last season over 2,000 pitches were thrown at 100+ mph, the most ever recorded. This season, that number could be doubled. Boone frequently points out the need to control fastballs in order to be a quality MLB hitter. Unlocking more bat speed needs to be at or near the top of what fixes need to happen in the offseason.

“I think that’s something to be discussed,” Boone said. “Part of that is look what has happened to our roster and some of our key guys in spots for extended periods. Those are real factors, but yeah, I think how we train and how we get guys ready and all of that will be one of those things that we dive into heavily.”

How the Yankees choose to upgrade the roster, particularly position player-wise, will be one of the biggest questions of the offseason. Running it back this season clearly turned out to be the wrong decision. On some level, the offensive core will likely return because of their contract status. Externally, the best way for the Yankees to improve might be through trades. The Yankees have plenty of pitching depth they can part with in return for young, controllable position players.

Clarke Schmidt and Michael King are two of the Yankees’ best trade chips if the organization is willing to part with them. On the minor-league side, Drew Thorpe was named High-A’s South Atlantic League Pitcher of the Year. Will Warren posted a 3.61 ERA in Triple A, a phenomenal mark because of how inflated offense was this season. Chase Hampton had 145 strikeouts in 106 2/3 innings pitched this year. Randy Vásquez and Jhony Brito both flashed on the major league level this season. The Yankees also have strong interest in signing Japanese star Yoshinobu Yamamoto, who could help replenish any depth the Yankees might lose.

The Yankees should trade from an organizational strength this offseason. The St. Louis Cardinals need pitching and have several position players the Yankees could be interested in, like Brendan Donovan and Dylan Carlson, whom the team discussed at the trade deadline. The Diamondbacks have an ace in Zac Gallen but could use more pitching to fortify their rotation. The Cincinnati Reds and Baltimore Orioles both have a need for more starting pitchers and have a number of young position players that they could part with.

But if the Yankees want to immediately jolt their contending chances again, they should call up the San Diego Padres, one of MLB’s biggest disappointments. Outfielder Juan Soto is under contract for one more season and will undoubtedly receive one of the richest contracts in league history. If the Padres feel like they won’t re-sign him, they could explore trade possibilities this offseason, in which case there’s no reason for the Yankees to not be involved. They have the money to sign Soto to whatever deal and have the kinds of prospects that the Padres would want. Soto would improve the Yankees’ team-wide struggles of not getting on base enough and not slugging enough. Pursuing him is a no-brainer.

In free agency, options are severely limited unless owner Hal Steinbrenner wants his payroll to exceed $300 million. Los Angeles Angels megastar Shohei Ohtani is the jewel of the market. While he’s expected to not pitch next season, he remains one of the game’s best hitters. One possible issue with the Yankees and Ohtani is he’s strictly a designated hitter and the team is paying $32 million to Stanton for the same role. That shouldn’t necessarily preclude the Yankees from pursuing Ohtani if that’s what they choose — simply having the best players is a good strategy for contending for a championship.

A cleaner fit on the market is Chicago Cubs outfielder Cody Bellinger. The Yankees have a need in both center field and left field heading into next season. Everson Pereria hasn’t shown enough yet to pencil him into the starting spot in left, while Jasson Domínguez won’t be ready by Opening Day as he recovers from Tommy John surgery.

Bellinger will almost certainly receive a nine-figure contract, but there are reasons to be concerned. Bellinger has struggled to hit high velocity (currently hitting .221/.260/.400 against pitches faster than 95 mph). Bellinger is also posting a career-high .316 BABIP, which may suggest a correction is coming. His exit velocity, hard-hit rate, barrel percentage and launch angle are down significantly. However, Bellinger has lowered his strikeout rate by 11.5 percentage points and has lowered his chase rate in what’s been an impressive turnaround after two brutal seasons.

If the Yankees don’t want to commit long-term to Bellinger and want to wait for Domínguez to return, a stopgap option like Kevin Kiermaier makes sense as a left-handed bat who is a spectacular defensive center fielder. The Yankees should also consider adding a third baseman in free agency. Cubs switch-hitter Jeimer Candelario would be a good option and likely affordable.

But the clearest way for the Yankees to be the team they thought they were going to be heading into 2023 might just be internal improvement and better injury luck. Can the Yankees count on that in 2024?

“It’s reasonable to think we should get those guys going again,” Boone said. “Some guys need to make some changes, make some adjustments. But I think it’s reasonable to count on them. But that said, there’s also other parts of the roster and parts of the team that we’ve got to be able to fortify better and support those other things we need to have that go right. We gotta make a lot of really good decisions and also asking some tough questions too.”

(Top photo of Aaron Judge and Aaron Boone: Brandon Sloter / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)

Chris Kirschner is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the New York Yankees. He previously covered the Atlanta Hawks from 2018-2022 for The Athletic. Chris was named Georgia's Sportswriter of the Year in 2021 for his work covering the Hawks. Chris is a native of Bronx, NY. Follow Chris on Twitter @chriskirschner

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4898109/2023/09/25/yankees-free-agency-trades-offseason/ 
 ----- 
