We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing.Your preferences will apply to this website only and will be stored in Browser Cookies for 13 months. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
I Accept
New York Yankees humiliated after empty stadium for final game of the season
The New York Yankees did not get the sendoff from their home fans they would have been hoping for following when they played their last home game of the MLB season
The New York Yankees played their final home game of the campaign in front of a near empty stadium (Image: Twitter)
NEWS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
NFL
ByLiam Llewellyn
17:02 ET, SEP 25 2023
|
BOOKMARK

The New York Yankees played their final home game of the MLB season in front of a nearly empty stadium.

NJ.com posted a photo on social media platform X of a sparse Yankee Stadium when they played the Arizona Diamondbacks. They estimated less than 50 fans in all seven bleacher sections combined in the sixth inning, letting the team know exactly how they felt about their disappointing campaign. The Yankees claimed their official attendance was 41,096 for the game, but the picture of their empty stadium suggested otherwise.

Followers of the Yankees took to social media to voice their thoughts on the lack of fans in the stadium after being eliminated from postseason contention for the first time since 2016. “Kind of a novel experience tbh… could be interesting to be at this game lol. Rarely is the stadium that empty,” one wrote on X.

“The all-time low attendance record at the original Yankee Stadium was 423,” another said. “It looks like they might be in that territory there.” Another user didn’t hold back when explaining why they believe the Yankees' last home game was so poorly attended. "It’s s****y weather. It’s a f*****g 1 p.m. game on a Monday during work & school. Wtf did you expect,” they posted.

New York Yankees fans unveil vile Donald Trump flag at Yankee Stadium
Stephen A. Smith throws horrifically bad first pitch that rivals 50 Cent and Conor McGregor

The lack of fans may also have something to do with the team having a very inconsistent campaign. They currently sit fourth in the AL East 16 games behind the Tampa Bay Rays in the final Playoff spot. The notoriously harsh and unforgiving New York crowd has had a frustrating year in which their team has been unable to gain any sort of momentum.

They failed to build on last season’s AL East Division title and with the season over regarding qualifying for the Playoffs, many Yankees fans seemed to have no interest in seeing their team play at home for the last time this year. The Yankees did finish their run of home games this season on a positive note however, by beating the Diamondbacks 6-4.

The Yankees scored three times in the eighth inning off reliever Kevin Ginkel to secure a win. It is a crushing loss for the Diamondbacks who are still in contention for the Playoffs. Following a disappointing season, Yankees manager Aaron Boone claimed he does not know if he will still have his job next year.

The Yankees defeated the Arizona Diamondbacks in their final home game of the season ( Image: Adam Hunger/Getty Images)
SIMILAR ARTICLES TO THIS
POWERED BY 
Amazon targets two new sports in battle with Netflix for live TV rights
New York Mets 'in talks' with another Yankees star after signing Juan Soto
Pete Alonso tipped to sign $130m contract as free agency options disappear
Dodgers re-sign star who hoped to return for World Series defense in $66m deal
Shohei Ohtani and Aaron Judge make same huge announcement days apart
Amazon targets two new sports in battle with Netflix for live TV rights
New York Mets 'in talks' with another Yankees star after signing Juan Soto
Pete Alonso tipped to sign $130m contract as free agency options disappear
Dodgers re-sign star who hoped to return for World Series defense in $66m deal
Shohei Ohtani and Aaron Judge make same huge announcement days apart
Amazon targets two new sports in battle with Netflix for live TV rights
New York Mets 'in talks' with another Yankees star after signing Juan Soto
Pete Alonso tipped to sign $130m contract as free agency options disappear
Dodgers re-sign star who hoped to return for World Series defense in $66m deal
Shohei Ohtani and Aaron Judge make same huge announcement days apart

Despite having a contract that runs through 2024 with a club option for 2025, the 50-year-old is unsure if the franchise will allow him to remain in his post. "No, I don't worry about it," Boone told journalists Monday. "It's out of my hands. I'm completely comfortable with who I am and the things I can control."

Previous reports gave the impression that general manager Brian Cashman has no intention of relieving Boone of his duties, so any change in that area would come from higher up the organization. While Boone is unsure what the future holds, he is looking for ways to improve the team.

"My job is, in my mind, doing everything to head into the offseason to prepare to put us in a better position to try and compete for a championship," he added. "That's what the goal is, and until they take that away, that's my focus."

READ NEXT:
Quinn Ewers shows true colors after $6M transfer 'offer' as Carson Beck deal details emerge
Travis Kelce sent clear warning from FBI ahead of NFL playoffs campaign
Collin Morikawa set for 'ridiculous' fine after incident at The Sentry
Walmart offering Sony WH-1000XM5 noise canceling headphones for $65 off
Rory McIlroy lined up to follow Bryson DeChambeau with lucrative $5M deal
FollowThe Mirror US
Facebook
X (Twitter)
MORE ON
NEW YORK YANKEES
MLB
Up Next
Quinn Ewers shows true colors after $6M transfer 'offer' as Carson Beck deal details emerge
HomeSportBaseballNew York Yankees
TOP STORIES
'HE WOULDN'T LEAVE HIM': Father and son found dead in LA wildfires after devoted dad waited hours for ambulance at bedside of son with Cerebral Palsy
WILDFIRES
‘Physically drained’ Donald Trump sighs in court as body language expert claims he’s battling very concerning health issues
DONALD TRUMP
Biden to deliver prime-time farewell to nation from Oval Office next week - when and where to listen to President's goodbye
JOE BIDEN
Minnesota one-month-old baby and grandmother killed in horror highway crash
CAR CRASHES
Louisiana one-year-old boy and cousin, 10, among 3 stabbed to death in horror home massacre as man arrested
LOUISIANA
TRAGIC: Adult star Emily Willis' 80lb weight could have factored in her cardiac arrest, medical expert says
HEALTH
NIGHTMARE SCENE: Horror New Orleans bodycam footage shows terrorist firing gun from truck as revelers run for lives
TERRORISM
Disney donates $15 million to LA wildfire recovery efforts amid 'apocalyptic' aftermath
WILDFIRES
Terrifying Ring camera footage captures house being engulfed by flames in LA Palisades wildfire
WILDFIRES
Wyoming 23-year-old fighting for life for 6 days after drink spiked with antifreeze
WYOMING
Texas man with history of violence accused of strangling 7-year-old brother to death
MURDER
New Jersey college teen dies in tragic accident on ski resort’s 'difficult' trail
ACCIDENTS
POPULAR TOPICS
US News
UK News
Canada news
World News
Politics
Royals
Weird news
Science
Celebrity News
TV
Movies
Money
Travel
Sport
Lifestyle
Tech
SUBSCRIBE
Newsletter preference centre
SUPPORT
How to Complain
Notifications and Alerts help
mynewsassistant
Corrections and Clarifications
COMPANY
About Us
Work For Us
Contact Us
Mirror UK
Irish Mirror
Syndication & Licencing
©2025 a Reach plc subsidiary
Privacy NoticeAI NoticeCookie NoticeTerms and ConditionsCommunity Standards
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.themirror.com/sport/baseball/new-york-yankees-empty-stadium-114221 
 ----- 
