Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
MLB
Yankee Stadium looks empty for final home game of season
By Dan Martin
Published Sep. 25, 2023, 4:58 p.m. ET
205

EXPLORE MORE
Yankees fans who mauled Mookie Betts at World Series banned from all MLB stadiums indefinitely
Why this spring could be the last chance for this pair of Yankees infielders
Yankees, Mark Leiter Jr. can’t reach deal with arbitration looming

Yankee fans have had enough of this season.

With the Yankees final home game of the year a makeup of Saturday’s rainout against the Diamondbacks, only a few thousand fans bothered to show up on a cold and wet afternoon in The Bronx. 

It came a day after the Yankees were officially eliminated from playoff contention for the first time since 2016.

The Yankees entered the game 41-39 at the Stadium and got the win 6-4 over Arizona.

They averaged an AL-best 40,349 fans per game this season. 

The paid attendance was 41,096, the team announced.

That was supposed to be for Saturday’s game, which included an Aaron Judge bobblehead giveaway.

“When you don’t show up and you don’t produce and you get kicked out like this in the regular season, that’s a big failure right there,” Aaron Judge said of the Yankees season on Sunday.

“We got a lot of work to do, a lot of internal talks, a lot of stuff we gotta get figured out and get right for next year.”

A sparse crowd at Yankee Stadium on Sept. 25, 2023.
Dan Martin

The Diamondbacks greeted those in attendance with a two-run first inning thanks to a two-run double by centerfielder Alek Thomas.

The Yankees tied the game in the fourth with a two-run homer by Austin Wells and took the lead for good in the eighth.

Before the game, Yankees manager Aaron Boone said he was unsure about his future with the Yankees.

“I think that will be part of the conversations we have organizationally,” Boone said. “I’ll step back and evaluate where I want to keep pushing forward on certain things and where you want to make adjustments. Hopefully, those align with us being in a better place.

Austin Wells hits a two-run home for the Yankees.
AP
205

What do you think? Post a comment.

“And whether we won 100 games and were going to the playoffs, that reflection and evaluation doesn’t really change. You’re always trying to get better …  All I can do is the best I can do.”

This is the Yankees’ final home game of the season as they head out on the road to Toronto and Kansas City to finish up 2023.

FILED UNDER NEW YORK YANKEES  9/25/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/25/yankee-stadium-looks-empty-for-final-home-game-of-season/ 
 ----- 
