Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Isiah Pacheco Chiefs 
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
Mets Pete Alonso
King Charles Prince William
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Social Security Payment 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
New York Yankees
It's official: Yankees will miss MLB playoffs after loss to Diamondbacks

Sunday's 7-1 defeat confirmed what had been inevitable

Aaron Judge and the Yankees have missed the playoffs for the first time in seven years.Lapresse
LAPRESSE
Actualizado 24/09/2023 - 21:09 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Aaron Judge sets Yankees record in win over the Diamondbacks
MLB. Julio Urias drifts further away from Dodgers and MLB: Alleged victim bloodied after incident

The last time the New York Yankees missed the postseason, Aaron Judge was a .179 hitter with 27 games of experience in 2016.

Now he's ending his first year as Yankees captain on a team that could not get into an expanded playoff field.

A year after the Yankees won 99 games and Judge hit 62 homers to break Roger Maris' single-season AL record, New York was mathematically eliminated with a rainy 7-1 loss Sunday to the Arizona Diamondbacks as Zac Gallen got his 17th win.

"It's tough," Judge said after his bases-loaded walk in the ninth inning accounted for the Yankees' lone run. "Every year I've been in New York, we're in the postseason. So it's going to be a little different this offseason, but just going to give us more time to work and get ready for the next one."

Yankees never clicked into gear

Beset by injuries, New York (78-77) was eliminated from contention with a week to play. The Yankees, who finish with a six-game trip after Monday's series finale, are in danger of finishing with a losing record for the first time since 1992.

New York has had 37 injured list stints, including Judge, who missed nearly eight weeks after spraining his right big toe on June 3 at Dodger Stadium. The Yankees were 19-23 during Judge's absence and are 24-29 since he returned.

Stephen A. Smith's terrible first pitch at Yankee Stadium@fuzzyfromyt / Twitter

"That's what you work hard towards all year round, the wintertime, spring training on through the season, for an opportunity to play in October and compete for a championship," Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. "So the reality of that not being in play sucks."

New York would have 85 wins if the Yankees finish 7-0. Baltimore (97 wins) and Tampa Bay (95) will split the AL East and the top wild card, and Toronto (87) is in position for the second wild card. Texas (86) could win the West or get a wild card in a race that includes Seattle (84) or Houston (85). Because the Astros and Mariners play three times in the final week, one must finish with more wins than the Yankees.

"There's a lot that went wrong," Judge said. "We can hit it from a lot of different aspects but when it comes down to it, we just didn't come out here and do our job."

In their streak of 30 straight winning seasons, the Yankees have never won fewer than 84 games. That was in 2016 when Judge homered in his first at-bat a day after Alex Rodríguez final game and several veterans were traded at the deadline.

Snakes secure winning season -- two years after losing 110 games

Arizona (82-73) won for the sixth time in seven games and remained in position for the second NL wild card, a half-game ahead of the Chicago Cubs. The Diamondbacks also clinched their first winning season since 2019.

"I couldn't be more proud of our guys," manager Torey Lovullo said. "It was raining sideways for nine innings."

On a windy, rainy afternoon when fly balls became unpredictable, Gallen (17-8) allowed three hits in six innings, struck out eight and walked two. He won for the third time in four starts and had his eighth scoreless outing this season.

"We won this game because of him," Lovullo said.

Tommy Pham and Christian Walker produced sacrifice flies on consecutive pitches in the first inning off Carlos Rodón (3-7) and that was enough for Gallen, who is second in the majors in wins, one behind Atlanta's Spencer Strider.

Evan Longoria added a two-run single and Geraldo Perdomo had a sacrifice fly in Arizona's three-run seventh following an error by New York left fielder Isiah Kiner-Falefa and a wild pitch by Randy Vásquez. Walker added an RBI groundout in the eighth and Gabriel Moreno hit an RBI double in the ninth.

The game started about 50 minutes late and the rain never stopped. It grew heavier during the middle innings but lessened in the final innings.

"It happens sometimes when you come on the East Coast, you battle some weather," said Gallen, a New Jersey native. "Just tried to go out there and make pitches, just keep us in the game."

Rodón allowed five runs - three earned - and five hits in 6 1/3 innings.

Call a weather friend

Lovullo said he was going to call Weather Channel meteorologist Jim Cantore to get an update on the forecast but never got the chance because of his pregame preparation.

"I never reached out to him. I forgot," Lovullo said.

Lovullo met Cantore in Atlanta when Arizona television play-by-play announcer Steve Berthiaume made the introduction.

Trainer's room

Diamondbacks: 2B Ketel Marte (illness) was scratched from the original lineup.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Steve Sarkis...
Marca

Yankees: RHP Frankie Montas (right elbow) threw 25 pitches over two innings Saturday in his second rehab start for Triple-AScranton/Wilkes Barre and could be activated for the final week. A free agent after this season, Montas was 1-3 with a 6.35 ERA in eight games after being acquired from Oakland at last year's trade deadline and has not pitched since making one relief appearance in the 2022 AL Championship Series. ... C Jose Trevino (torn right wrist) said he plans to start hitting in a few weeks and should be ready for spring training. ... OF Everson Pereira (hamstring) missed his ninth straight game.

Up next

Arizona RHP Merrill Kelly (12-7, 3.37 ERA) opposes New York RHP Clarke Schmidt (9-9, 4.65) on Monday afternoon in the makeup of Saturday's postponed game.

New York Yankees - English
Arizona Diamondbacks - English
MLB - English
Aaron Judge - English
MLB Playoffs - English
MLBMLB Playoffs 2023: Wild Card Series matchups and schedule
MLBMLB Playoffs 2023: What teams made it to the MLB playoffs bracket?
NFLState of Emergency New York: Which NFL and MLB games could be suspended due to Storm Ophelia?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/new-york-yankees/2023/09/25/6510eb6eca4741ff698b456e.html 
 ----- 
