Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
View image in fullscreen
Donald Trump campaigns in Concord, New Hampshire, on 19 January. Photograph: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
US elections 2024
 This article is more than 10 months old
Over half of US wants Trump election subversion verdict before November, poll says
This article is more than 10 months old

CNN survey shows 48% of those polled believe it ‘essential’ case is resolved before voting as judge orders delay, and another 16% would prefer it

Edward Helmore
Mon 5 Feb 2024 15.05 EST
Share

More than half of those in the US want to see Donald Trump’s 2020 election subversion case resolved before the former president runs for the White House again in November, according to a poll published on Monday.

Meanwhile, a quarter of Americans do not think Trump will ever concede if he loses a second time to Joe Biden, said the survey, commissioned by CNN.

The survey in question found that 48% of those polled believed it was “essential” for there to be a verdict before November’s election. Another 16% said that they would at least prefer to see one.

Potential Trump running mate JD Vance says he still questions results of 2020 election
Read more

CNN’s poll also showed that expectations Trump would concede if he loses have dropped from 37% to 25% since October – and more than three-quarters (78%) think the former president would try to pardon himself of federal charges stemming from his presidency if he wins another stint in the Oval Office.

Trump has been performing strongly in polls as compared with Biden. A survey by NBC News released on Sunday found that Biden is beset by a deficit of 20 percentage points against Trump in his handling of the economy, despite signs that the US may have achieved an almost unique “soft-landing” after a government and consumer spending boom during the Covid-19 pandemic.

The poll also found that fewer than three in 10 voters approve of Biden’s handling of the Israel-Gaza war. And Biden lags Trump by 16 points on the perception of competence and effectiveness, a reversal from 2020.

But the question of Trump’s legal quagmire hangs over Biden’s unfavorable polling. The former president is facing more than 90 criminal charges accusing him of trying to illegally nullify his defeat by Biden, illicitly retaining government secrets after leaving the White House and making illegal hush-money payments to an adult film actor who has claimed an extramarital sexual encounter with Trump.

If Trump is convicted of a felony, the poll found, a five-point lead for Trump flips to a two-point lead for Biden.

Trump has pleaded not guilty to all charges.

On Friday, the US district judge Tanya Chutkan formally postponed the federal election interference case against Trump over which she is presiding. It was scheduled to begin in March, but that date has been pushed back while a Washington DC appeals court weighs arguments from the Trump legal team that he is immune from prosecution for actions taken while he was president.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Trump on Trial

Free newsletter

Stay up to date on all of Donald Trump’s trials. Guardian staff will send news and updates directly to your inbox.

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

If the DC appeals court rejects Trump’s appeal, it will probably advance to the US supreme court, meaning further trial delays.

Public desire for a resolution to that case before the November election comes as recent polling by Bloomberg found majorities of voters in seven key swing states would be unwilling to vote for Trump if he is convicted of a crime (53%) or sentenced to prison (55%) in one of the four cases against him overall.

But, according to CNN, views of Trump’s efforts to stay in office despite his 2020 defeat in effect remain unchanged from the summer of 2022, with 45% of US adults saying he acted illegally, 32% unethically, and 23% that he did nothing wrong at all.

 This article was amended on 6 February 2024 to clarify that more than half of the US would like to see Donald Trump’s 2020 election subversion case resolved before the 2024 election, not “nearly half” as originally worded.

Explore more on these topics
US elections 2024
Donald Trump
Republicans
Democrats
Law (US)
US elections 2020
US politics
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2024/feb/05/trump-election-subversion-verdict-november-voting 
 ----- 
