English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8: USA vs England - Who will win today’s match?

T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8: USA vs England - Who will win today’s match?
USA will take on England for the first time in T20Is.

SPORTSTIGER STAFF
Author

Updated - 22 Jun 2024 04:41 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: June 23, 2024 (Sunday)
Time: 8:00 PM IST
Venue: Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Follow: T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8 Live Scores

Preview

USA will take on reigning champions in the Super 8 Group 2 match of the T20 World Cup 2024 at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados. Both teams are coming into this fixture on a back of a loss in their respective last matches. While the USA registered a 9-wicket loss against the co-hosts West Indies, England, who were into the game until the last over, were thumped by South Africa by seven runs. 

Pitch Report

The pitch at the Kensington Oval in the T20 World Cup 2024 has provided assistance to the fast bowlers as well as the spinners. Even the batters have had their time out in the middle at the Kensington Oval. With that, the average first innings score of 155 at this venue in T20Is could prove to be quite a competitive total when the USA takes on two-time champions England.

Team Analysis

USA

The USA have missed the services of their captain Monank Patel in the Super 8 stage of the T20 World Cup 2024. In his absence, Aaron Jones have shouldered the responsibility at the helm for the USA. Although the debutants did put up some great performances in the tournament, registering an upset as they defeated Pakistan, they will aim to come good against England despite being out of the semifinals race.  Some of the players who will be key for the USA are stand-in skipper Aaron Jones, Andries Gous, Corey Anderson, Ali Khan, Saurabh Netravalkar.

USA squad for T20 World Cup 2024

Monank Patel (c), Aaron Jones, Andries Gous, Corey Anderson, Ali Khan, Harmeet Singh, Jessy Singh, Milind Kumar, Nisarg Patel, Nitish Kumar, Noshtush Kenjige, Saurabh Netravalkar, Shadley Van Schalkwyk, Steven Taylor, Shayan Jahangir

England

England captain Jos Buttler, along with the likes of Phil Salt, and Jonny Bairstow are in great form in the ongoing edition of the T20 World Cup, putting the team in a strong position to reach the semifinal stage. Harry brook also joined the list after his first fifty in T20 World Cup. The bowling attack for England is a bit reliant on Jofra Archer and Adil Rashid, but the likes of Reece Topley and Moeen Ali have also stepped at times with decent spells.

England squad for T20 World Cup 2024

Jos Buttler (c), Moeen Ali, Jofra Archer, Jonathan Bairstow, Harry Brook, Sam Curran, Ben Duckett, Tom Hartley, Will Jacks, Chris Jordan, Liam Livingstone, Adil Rashid, Phil Salt, Reece Topley, Mark Wood

Match Prediction




Conclusion

Rei gning champions, England are eyeing for a spot in the semifinals, but were handed a seven-run defeat against South Africa in their last match. The Jos Buttler-led side will however, come as favourites to topple the USA lineup when they take on at the Kensington Oval in Barbados on Sunday, June 23 (IST). 

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

02 January 2025

Novak Djokovic reaches quarter-final of Brisbane International after defeating Gael Monfils in straight sets

02 January 2025

Manchester United to sign Viktor Gyokeres from Sporting Lisbon for £80 million: Reports

02 January 2025

What is Pink Test? - Australia to play India in Sydney from January 3 onwards this year

02 January 2025

Rohit Sharma opts out of Sydney Test; Jasprit Bumrah to lead India: Reports

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.

6
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2024-super-8-usa-vs-england-win-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-usa-and-england-usa-vs-eng-pitch-report-and-more 
 ----- 
