Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
India vs Australia: What is the Men in Blue's record against the Aussies in T20Is ahead of T20 World Cup Super 8 clash?
Saino Zachariah
23-06-2024
•
3 min read
(getty)
CLICK HERE FOR EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BETTING OFFERS

The Super 8 stage of the T20 World Cup 2024 is set for a thrilling finish. India currently tops their Super 8 group, which consists of Australia, Afghanistan and Bangladesh.

Rohit Sharma & Co will not only look to secure their place in the semi-finals but also see to it that they finish top of their Super 8 group. Following Australia's defeat to Afghanistan by 21 runs, it has become crucial for the current 50-over World Cup champions to win this match, to stay in the hunt for a semi-final spot.

The Men in Blue will play their final Super 8 match against Australia, a team that beat them in the ODI World Cup final held in India last year. This match will be seen as an opportunity to take revenge and possibly prevent Australia from reaching the semi-finals.

The Sporting News looks at the T20 record between India and Australia ahead of their Super 8 clash.

BET NOW: Exclusive sign-up offers and bonuses when you bet on T20 World Cup action

How have India fared against Australia in T20Is?

Team India faced off against Australia in T20 internationals for the first time during the second semi-final of the inaugural T20 World Cup 2007, where the Men in Blue emerged victorious by 15 runs, thanks to a 70(30) inning from Yuvraj Singh.

Since then, India largely had a much better record than Australia in head-to-head T20I matches. The two teams played a 5-match T20I series in India after the ODI World Cup, which the Men in Blue won 4-1.

Virat Kohli has been the highest run scorer against Australia in T20Is, with over 794 runs at a batting average of 52.93, which includes 8 half-centuries.

MORE: Who advances to the T20 World Cup final if rain cancels semi-finals?

India vs Australia Head-to-Head record
Event	Matches	India Win	No Result	Australia Win
India vs Australia in T20Is	31	19	1	11
When will India play Australia at the T20 World Cup 2024?

India will play Australia in their final Super 8 game of the T20 World Cup 2024.  

India's game against Australia will be hosted at the Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia. The match will be played on June 24, 2024, with the proceedings scheduled to kickstart at 20:00 hours IST.

EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BONUSES AND OFFERS

CLICK TO BET

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Saino Zachariah

Saino Zachariah is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/ind-vs-aus-india-record-aussies-t20is-t20-world-cup-super-8/53ce32e6d302e8cadd654074 
 ----- 
