Search
Menu
Home
Ad
Branchenbuch

The Netherlands at UEFA EURO 2024 in Munich

Munich is so Dutch: From van Gogh to van Gaal

The Netherlands will face Romania in the round of 16 of UEFA EURO 2024 in Munich on July 2. The host city is expecting thousands and thousands of fans for the big Oranje football party. Here you can find out how much of the Netherlands there is in Munich - from icons of art to party animals and heroes in the finals.

picture-alliance / augenklick/Sammy Minkoff
Dutch coaching legend Louis van Gaal (right) showed his leg at FC Bayern's championship celebrations in 2010 - to his left Mark van Bommel and Arjen Robben with cap and the German championship trophy
Table of contents
More actions
Share on Facebook
Share via WhatsApp
Copy link
The Netherlands come to Munich for the round of 16

In third place in the tough Group D, the Netherlands have qualified for the round of 16 of UEFA EURO 2024 on July 2 (6 p.m.) in Munich. There, coach Ronald Koeman's team will face Romania. Regardless of the outcome of the match, one thing is certain: thousands of Dutch fans will not only color the Munich Arena, but also the city in Oranje. Our neighbors have already enchanted Hamburg, Leipzig and Berlin with their atmospheric fan marches in the first two weeks of the European Championship.

But the Netherlands will not only be present in Munich on matchday. Here you can find out how Oranje shapes the Bavarian capital: from a landmark on Marienplatz that wouldn't exist without a Dutchman, to old masters in Munich's museums and not-so-old champions on the town hall balcony.

ㅤ
How the Netherlands celebrated before the game in Munich
Externer Beitrag

Ich möchte eingebundene Instagram Inhalte auf muenchen.de sehen. Hierbei werden personenbezogene Daten (IP-Adresse o.ä.) an Instagram übertragen. Diese Einstellung kann jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft auf der Seite Datenschutz durch Anklicken des Opt-Out-Buttons geändert werden.

Beitrag laden

Beitrag auf Instagram ansehen.

Netherlands: Facts about the guest country
Area: 41,543 km
Population: 17.9 million (as of 1.1.2024)
Capital: Amsterdam (669 km from Munich)
Dutch nationals in Munich: 2,417 (as of 31.12.2023)

Consulate General of the Netherlands in Munich
Nymphenburger Str. 20A, 80335 Munich
Website

Dutch design: Oranje eye-catcher in Munich
Michael Hofmann
The statue of the Virgin Mary on Marienplatz has a Dutch creator

The Marian Column in the middle of Marienplatz is one of Munich's most popular meeting places. But did you know that it would never have existed without a Dutchman? Because the gilded statue of the Virgin Mary enthroned on the column was sculpted by Dutchman Hubert Gerhard, who was born in 's-Hertogenbosch in the 16th century.

But that's not all of the Oranje architecture in Munich's old town: Dutch architect and painter Friedrich Sustris designed the Jesuit Church of St. Michael, which you can visit in Neuhauser Straße between Marienplatz and Stachus. Sustris, who died in Munich in 1600, was also involved in parts of the Munich Residence.

A Dutchman is also responsible for the look of contemporary automobile construction in Munich: Adrian van Hooydonk has been Chief Designer of the BMW Group since 2009.

On the evening of the round of 16 match between Romania and the Netherlands, the Feldherrnhalle on Odeonsplatz will also be lit up in the colors of both countries from 9 p.m. to midnight as part of Light Art. Don't miss it!

More about Light Art at the EURO
Holland or the Netherlands?

Colloquially, the name "Holland" is also widely used for the Netherlands. Strictly speaking, however, it only describes two of the twelve Dutch provinces (North Holland and South Holland). So if you are referring to the whole country or its inhabitants, it is better to stick to the word "Netherlands". A welcome exception: the cheer "Hup Holland Hup!"

Dutch art and culture from Pinakotheken to Tollwood performance
Ellen von Unwerth
The fashion exhibition "Viktor&Rolf. Fashion Statements" can also be seen at the Kunsthalle during the European Championships

You will find old Dutch masters in the "Dutch Hall" of the Alte Pinakothek. Here you can admire works by Rubens, Rembrandt and Frans Hals. The collection of the Neue Pinakothek, which is currently closed due to construction work, also houses art by Vincent van Gogh.

Prefer something more fashionable? The fashion exhibition "Viktor&Rolf. Fashion Statements", the first major exhibition of work by Dutch designer duo Viktor&Rolf in Germany.

Not far from the Fan Zone, a Dutch performance trio will also be appearing at the Tollwood summer festival around the round of 16 match: You can see the Teatime Company from July 1 to 3 with their spectacular mixture of artistry and dance with an unconventional metal construction free of charge in the festival's amphitheater.

Dutch for beginners
English	Dutch
Hello!	Hallo!
Good day!	Goedendag
Munich	München
yes	ja
no	nee
Please!	Alstublieft, alstublieft!
Thank you!	Dank je wel!
What's your name?	Hoe heet je?
My name is [...]	Mijn naam is [...].
Which way to the stadium?	Welke kant op naar het stadion?
Good match!	Goede wedstrijd!
Goal	Goal
See you later!	Tot ziens!
Dutchmen in Munich: "Party animal" van Gaal and hero Robben

Whether with the Reds or the Blues - a brushstroke of orange is always present in Munich's football color scheme: FC Bayern's German champions include Jan Wouters, Roy Makaay and Mark van Bommel. The most legendary Dutchman, however, was Arjen Robben, who was a crowd favorite from 2009 to 2019 and became a Champions League final hero at Wembley with his decisive goal against Dortmund. Bayern fans still celebrate Robben today with a specially invented fan chant.

Speaking of celebrating: Dutch coaching legend Louis van Gaal turned into a " party animal" on the Munich town hall balcony after winning the championship with FC Bayern in 2010. Even 14 years later, his championship speech in front of thousands of fans on Marienplatz in Munich remains legendary.

Dutch international Matthijs de Ligt is currently under contract with FC Bayern. National striker Joshua Zirkzee went through FCB's youth academy and made the breakthrough to professional football here.

And the Netherlands is also involved with city rivals TSV 1860 München thanks to "Lions" captain Jesper Verlaat.

The Dutch royal family traditionally also bears the lion on its coat of arms. They have also been represented in Munich in the recent past: In April 2016, the Dutch King Willem-Alexander and Queen Máxima autographed themselves in the guest book of the Bavarian State Government in the Residence.

Arjen Robben on his time at FC Bayern
Externer Beitrag

Ich möchte eingebundene Instagram Inhalte auf muenchen.de sehen. Hierbei werden personenbezogene Daten (IP-Adresse o.ä.) an Instagram übertragen. Diese Einstellung kann jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft auf der Seite Datenschutz durch Anklicken des Opt-Out-Buttons geändert werden.

Beitrag laden

Beitrag auf Instagram ansehen.

Dutch cuisine in Munich: Shared passion for cheese and beer
Unsplash
Dutch cheeses such as Edam and Gouda are world-famous

The Netherlands and Munich share a love of cheese: At the local markets, including of course the Viktualienmarkt in the old town, you can discover the whole world of cheese, from Dutch Gouda or Edam to cheese specialties from the Alpine region. On the way from Viktualienmarkt to Marienplatz, a huge collection of Gouda on display in the shop window of a Dutch cheese merchant catches the eye on the left.

By the way: Dutch beer culture has also found its place in Munich. The Dutch Heineken Group, the world's second largest brewery group, is a 30 percent shareholder in the Paulaner Brewery Group.

How long a journey from Amsterdam to Munich takes
By plane: 1 hour 25 minutes (direct flight)
By car: approx. 9 hours
By long-distance bus: approx. 11 hours 25 minutes
By train: approx. 7 hours (fastest connection)
On foot: approx. 7 days
Dutch football: triumph and trauma in Munich

As the third team behind Austria and France, but ahead of Poland, the Netherlands made it through what was probably the toughest group of the European Championship. Cody Gakpo from Liverpool FC was Elftal's top scorer in the group stage with two goals. Captain Virgil van Dijk is another of Liverpool's key players. Bayern star Matthijs de Ligt has only been on the bench in the group stage so far.

Incidentally, the Netherlands celebrated their greatest triumph and only major football title in Munich of all places: On June 25, 1988, Marco van Basten, Ruud Gullit & Co. became European champions in the Olympic Stadium with a 2:0 win over the Soviet Union. Today's Bonds coach Ronald Koeman was also involved as a player at the time.

In contrast, the 1974 World Cup final was tragic from an Oranje perspective - also in Munich's Olympic Stadium, where the Elftal led by legend Johan Cruyff lost 2-1 to Germany.

The Netherlands' matches at Euro 2024:
16.6.2024 in Hamburg: Poland - Netherlands 1:2
21.6.2024 in Leipzig: Netherlands - France 0:0
25.6.2024 in Berlin: Netherlands - Austria 2:3
2.7.2024 in Munich: Round of 16: Romania - Netherlands 0:3
Externer Beitrag

Ich möchte eingebundene Instagram Inhalte auf muenchen.de sehen. Hierbei werden personenbezogene Daten (IP-Adresse o.ä.) an Instagram übertragen. Diese Einstellung kann jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft auf der Seite Datenschutz durch Anklicken des Opt-Out-Buttons geändert werden.

Beitrag laden

Beitrag auf Instagram ansehen.

On behalf of the Department of Education and Sport

This article about the UEFA EURO 2024 in the host city of Munich, one of 10 host cities of the European Football Championship in Germany, was commissioned by the Department of Education and Sport (RBS). The content was coordinated between the RBS and muenchen.de, the official city portal.

muenchen.de als Newsletter!

Mit aktuellen Highlights, Tipps und Infos.

E-Mail Adresse

Rechtsgrundlage für die Verarbeitung Eurer E-Mail Adresse ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 a) DSGVO in Verbindung mit Eurer Einwilligung. Ihr könnte Eure Einwilligung jederzeit mit Wirkung für die Zukunft widerrufen, am Einfachsten durch Anklicken des Abmeldelinks am Ende des entsprechenden E-Mail-Newsletters. Alle weiteren Informationen zum Schutz Eurer personenbezogenen Daten findet Ihr in der Datenschutzerklärung

Anmelden
Services
Stadtplan
Fahrplan
Kultur
Tourismus
M-Strom
Bürgerservice
Hotels
Webcam
Stadtteile
Landkreise
Umland
Kontakt und mehr
Kontakt, Presse, Werbung, Impressum, AGB, Datenschutz, Interessante Links zu München

Leichte Sprache, Barrierefreiheit



Weitere Metropol-Webseiten: Berlin, Hamburg, Köln, Opendi

Anzeige
Branchenbuch

© 2024 Portal München Betriebs GmbH & Co. KG - Ein Service der Landeshauptstadt München und der Stadtwerke München GmbH
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.muenchen.de/en/events/uefaeuro2024/country-portrait-netherlands-munich-van-gogh-van-gaal 
 ----- 
