European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
SALE ENDS TOMORROW
In-depth features and exclusive intel from the best newsroom in sports.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.25/week for your first year.
Subscribe now
Billed as $1 every four weeks for your first year,
then $8 every four weeks thereafter. Cancel anytime.
Already a subscriber? Log in
Offer for The Athletic subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Subscription also excludes digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking or Wirecutter. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $1.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $8.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.
Euro 2024 was nine years in the making for Georgia – but this generation is here to stay
By Liam Tharme
Jul 2, 2024

2

Georgia head coach Willy Sagnol played 58 times for France between 2000 and 2008. The very end of his international career overlapped with Gerard Houllier returning to the French national team as director of football.

Houllier is credited as one of the founding fathers of France’s Clairefontaine national training centre, part of their systematic approach to improve player development. He once surmised his role perfectly: “The job of the national team coach is to prepare for the match in 10 days, the job of the technical director is to prepare for the match in 10 years.”

France’s last decade under Didier Deschamps, materially, dwarfs Georgia. France only need a Euros to complete the trophy set, while Euro 2024 was Georgia’s first-ever major tournament — they seceded from the Soviet Union in 1991.

Yet Georgia are treading a beaten path that France, England and Italy have all walked more than once. It takes years — nine in Georgia’s case, almost perfectly proving Houllier’s rule — to build from the ground up and immense off-field change has to come before results materialise.

Norway (2000), Latvia (2004), Iceland (2016), Northern Ireland (2016), Finland (2020) and North Macedonia (2020) have all been to one Euros and not yet returned. But you can expect to see Georgia at a major tournament again soon. Their emerging generation are here for now and the future.

Firstly, those nine years need explaining. Rewind to 2015. Georgia played 10 games that calendar year, losing six, including three of their five Euro 2016 qualifiers. They eventually finished second-bottom of their qualifying group, only ahead of Gibraltar.

The same year, the Georgian FA launched their first strategic cycle, which was five years long. They sought quick fixes, like rebranding the national league. It was renamed as the Erovnuli Liga, reduced from 16 to 10 teams and switched from an autumn-spring calendar to spring-autumn. That helped raise viewership (games are now free to watch online) but did more for rebuilding football fandom than directly impacting the national team.

Money was put into infrastructure. The number of league formats more than doubled from 2015 to 2022 and the number of matches rose by three and a half times. Over 1,900 coaching licences were awarded, with 44 of those being UEFA Pro Licences, the qualification needed to coach at the highest level. It was a blend of growing the amateur and professional games symbiotically.

The Georgian FA built 37 pitches from 2016 onwards (18 more are under construction). That was necessary as Georgia twice hosted major international youth tournaments — the under-19 Euros in 2017 and under-21 Euros six years later (co-hosted with Romania).

	The Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena in Tbilisi, Georgia (Craig Williamson/SNS Group via Getty Images)

It was only their second appearance at an under-17 Euros and their Euro under-21 debut. Even so, last summer Georgia Under-21s topped a group containing Portugal, Netherlands and Belgium. Israel knocked them out on penalties in the quarter-finals. Georgia repeatedly played in front of crowds in excess of 40,000 and six players from that under-21s squad went on to make the senior Euros team this summer (Gabriel Sigua, Giorgi Mamardashvili, Giorgi Gocholeishvili, Zuriko Davitashvili, Anzor Mekvabishvili and Giorgi Tsitaishvili).

Mikha Gabechava, a Georgian football scout now working with Gent but formerly of Dinamo Tbilisi, explains the significance of this pathway: “The intensity and speed of the Georgian league is quite low, therefore, hosting and participating in such tournaments is crucial for the development of youth teams and, consequently, the senior team”.

Gabechava points out that youth national team coaches often move across age groups with players. “The current head coach of the under-21 side had been coaching the under-19s, and the current under-19 head coach was with the under-17s before that,” he says.

This helps to implement a unified playing style. In their second strategic cycle, an 80-page four-year plan launched in 2022, the Georgian FA were critical that they “never had a common playing philosophy”, while “team selection, technical aspects and coaching processes never met adequate contemporary standards”.

Sagnol developed his style with the next generation. He has given 24 senior debuts in 38 games, 15 of those to players aged 23 or younger. “The squad needed an injection of youth,” he told UEFA ahead of the Euros, praising Georgia’s infrastructural changes and looking to the future: “The main idea is to create a good impression of football in Georgia. If we can get extra confidence and gain more experience, then maybe we can have a more successful qualifying campaign for the 2026 World Cup.”

	Georgia head coach Willy Sagnol (Stuart Franklin – UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images)

The playing style is one of the few top-down elements of the approach. “The 3-5-2 formation has been his (Sagnol’s) preferred system since the beginning,” says Gabechava, “which initially received a lot of criticism as fans wanted to see attacking football. However, the reality is that we were never good enough to play attacking football, especially against stronger sides. Sagnol decided to stick with his principles and transformed Georgia into a defence-oriented team that mostly relies on attacking transitions.”

They showed that this Euros. Only Germany had more than Georgia’s 16 direct attacks over the first four games — Opta define these as sequences originating in a team’s own half, with at least 50 per cent forward movement, ending in a shot/touch in the opposition box. Georgia would drop deep into a 5-3-2, closing passing lanes and minimising space, then release wing-backs or hit the front two and be upfield in a flash.

Counter-attacking might be classic underdog football but Georgia’s style needed technical quality up-front. Kvicha Kvaratskhelia, a left winger for Napoli and Serie A player of the year in 2022-23, and Georges Mikautadze, a No 9 who plays like a miniature Karim Benzema, are Sagnol’s partnership.

The head coach says Georgian players and teams, historically, rarely “played with their heads more than their hearts,” but Mikautadze and Kvaratskhelia’s fluid combinations and dribbles were proof that Georgia have developed young players who can operate off the cuff, even in pressurised situations. Their combination for the opening goal against Portugal encapsulated that perfectly.

Mikautadze stole the show in the group stages, partly for his technical excellence, ultimately for scoring (three times), and for his composure in taking penalties — he has scored his last 20 non-shootout penalties. Mikautadze, Lyon-born to Georgian parents and now playing for Metz in Ligue 1, is an example of Georgia scouting players born outside of the country but with citizenship. Tsitaishvili, born in Israel, is another example.

Scorers in all three Euros group games
PLAYER
	
NATION
	
TOURNAMENT


Michel Platini
	
France
	
Euro 1984


Alan Shearer
	
England
	
Euro 1996


Hristo Stoichkov
	
Bulgaria
	
Euro 1996


Savo Milosevic
	
Yugoslavia
	
Euro 2000


Milan Baros
	
Czechia
	
Euro 2004


Ruud van Nistelrooy
	
Netherlands
	
Euro 2004


Gareth Bale
	
Wales
	
Euro 2016


Cristiano Ronaldo
	
Portugal
	
Euro 2020


Georges Mikautadze
	
Georgia
	
Euro 2024

Gabechava stresses that Kvarastkhelia’s quality is a result of getting him out of Georgia as early as possible. “Especially nowadays, when football is becoming more and more physical, adapting to European standards of football is vital for the development of our young players,” he says. “The reality is that it’s better for them and for the national team to have players representing some of the top clubs in Europe, as it prepares them for international football at a much higher level”.

Kvaratskhelia and Mikautadze were two of seven players in Europe’s top five leagues last season. Collectively, Georgian players accumulated 8,187 minutes in those divisions, a slight rise from 2022-23 (three players playing 7,777 minutes). Importantly, each of the past two campaigns have seen more minutes for Georgian players in Europe’s top-five leagues than 10 seasons combined between 2013-14 and 2021-22 (7,294).

Anyone who watched Mikautadze for Metz in Ligue 1 would know his individual quality and technical range, scoring 37 per cent of their league goals last season (including penalties), and boasting one of the best goal reels around.

Having quality in both boxes and a strong defensive structure has always been a blueprint for tournament success. Goalkeeper Mamardashvili proves this. Last season, he had the best campaign in La Liga (based on goals prevented) since Jan Oblak in 2020-21, and came out on top at the Euros in the same metric. He saved 30 of 38 shots faced, with an average goalkeeper expected to concede around five goals more. For his size (6ft 6in, 198cm), Mamardashvili is outstandingly agile.

Kvaratskhelia, Mikautadze and Mamardashvili, all aged 23, are the poster boys of this new Georgian generation. Eleven of their 26-man Euros squad are aged 25 or younger. There are plenty of tournaments left for them and time for Sagnol to further shape the core of this team.

Georgia’s success also vindicates UEFA’s Nations League. They finished fourth in their qualifying group, behind Spain, Scotland and Norway, but play-off spots were given out based on best performances in the 2022-23 Nations League (for teams not already qualified). Georgia walked that group, winning five of six matches against Bulgaria, North Macedonia and Gibraltar, then beating Luxembourg and Greece (on penalties) in the play-off games.

Georgia’s success did not happen overnight. There also is no indication that they are sitting back to admire the tournament, reaching the round of 16 on debut as the best third-place team, and performing admirably against Spain — they took the lead and held their own for an hour, but fatigued and eventually lost 4-1.

	(Christophe Simon/AFP via Getty Images)

Sagnol has targeted World Cup 2026 qualification, which would be their first appearance. Among other goals, the Georgian FA is trying to widen the base of the participation pyramid. The number of licensed players (across all ages and genders) rose from 13,600 in 2015 to 38,000 in 2022. Now they are targeting 45,000.

Like any country, Georgia are at the mercy of geography and culture. Their population density is low, though over one-third of the population resides in Tbilisi, the capital, a more concentrated spread than most European capitals. Georgia’s historic sporting success has been in rugby, judo, wrestling and weightlifting.

The past nine years mean they are one step closer to adding football to that list, too.

(Top photo: Marvin Ibo Guengoer – GES Sportfoto/Getty Images)

Liam Tharme is one of The Athletic’s Football Tactics Writers, primarily covering Premier League and European football. Prior to joining, he studied for degrees in Football Coaching & Management at UCFB Wembley (Undergraduate), and Sports Performance Analysis at the University of Chichester (Postgraduate). Hailing from Cambridge, Liam spent last season as an academy Performance Analyst at a Premier League club, and will look to deliver detailed technical, tactical, and data-informed analysis. Follow Liam on Twitter @LiamTharmeCoach

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5607925/2024/07/02/georgia-euro-2024-planning-success/ 
 ----- 
