www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 03 27 → Article 1923407
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Wednesday, 27 March 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

2026 World Cup qualifiers: Ghana's opponent Mali beat Nigeria 2-0 in friendly

« Prev

Next »

Comments (14)

Listen to Article

Share:

Moses Simon got injured during the match

Mali, an opponent for Ghana in the 2026 World Cup qualifiers, defeated Nigeria 2-0 in a friendly match on Tuesday, March 26, 2024, at Marrakech in Morocco.

The Eagles of Mali outplayed the Super Eagles of Nigeria with a goal in each half to win the intense clash.

El Bilal Toure opened the scoring for Mali in the 18th minute, capitalizing on a well-delivered cross to slot the ball into the net.

Despite Nigeria's efforts to find the equalizer, they struggled to utilize their chances.

Mali extended their lead in the 86th minute when Kamory Doumbia sealed the victory with a goal after intercepting the ball from the halfway line and skillfully finishing it in the box.

The win marks consecutive victories for Mali after they defeated Mauritania in a friendly match on March 22, 2024.

Unlike Mali, the Black Stars of Ghana faced challenges in their recent friendly matches. The Black Stars suffered a 2-1 defeat to Nigeria and managed a 2-2 draw against Uganda.

Ghana will face Mali in the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers during the June 2024 international break.

Watch highlights of the game below



JNA

Comments:
This article has 14 comment(s), give your comment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
'God will take care of me' – Koku Anyi doho 'rejects' Mahama appointment
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
"Can’t Beat the Heat? Let Us Fix Your AC Today!"
Deputy IGP Yohuno directed us to disobey orders - Police Sergeant...
Suspected robbery claims life of 60-y ear-old 'chop bar' operator in Anloga
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
"Can’t Beat the Heat? Let Us Fix Your AC Today!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
New and Permanent Teeth in 24 Hours - Life Changing!
Over 15,000 people can’t be wrong! Every day, G4 by Golpa restores smiles and transforms people’s lives. That’s why...
G4 By Golpa
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Seniors: New Electric Cars Come With Tiny Price Tags (Take A Look)
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The New Luxury AWD SUV Lineup Is Here To Impress (Take A Look)
PopularSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
Ready for a challenge? This game was designed for the experienced and skillful mind.
History Strategy Game
|
Sponsored
Play Game
News
Outgoing Akufo-Addo govt performs better in 10 out of 13 key macroeconomic indicators
Business
Agricultural Development Bank defends $750k contract amid Okudzeto Ablakwa's claims
Entertainment
His own mother exposed him; he flaunted a Rolls-Royce he hasn't seen – Stonebwoy targets 'the settings man'
Africa
Kenya's president promises to stop abductions following wave of disappearances
Opinions
Halt expulsion of NPP members from party at this crucial period, party's fortunes already not encouraging
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/2026-World-Cup-qualifiers-Ghana-s-opponent-Mali-beat-Nigeria-2-0-in-friendly-1923407 
 ----- 
