Search
Topics
Research and Media Mentions
About
Go
Exact search

Close

The information on this page represents either a request to remove material from an online site or a DMCA (copyright) "counternotice," asking that material already removed be replaced.

Lumen maintains an independent database of these notices and counternotices - we are not their senders or recipients. All of the notices and requests in the Lumen database have been shared with Lumen voluntarily by the companies or individuals responsible for either originally sending or receiving the notices. Lumen is not responsible in any way for either removing or restoring on-line content from the web or search engine listings, or for "blocking" or restoring access to websites or URLs.

Other information in the notice or counternotice depends on what details were included when a copy of the notice was shared with Lumen. Lumen does not have any more information about a particular notice than what is present within it.

The "Recipient" of the notice is the person or organization, most often an OSP, controlling access to the material or search results that are the subject of the request, and is therefore in a position to remove or restore access to it.
The "Principal" is the person or organization whose rights have allegedly been violated and on whose behalf the request is being made.
The "Sender" is the same as the Principal, the person or entity who is requesting that the material be removed, unless a third party has sent the notice on the Principal's behalf, in which case both are listed, with the agent sending "on behalf of" the original complainant.
The "Submitter" is the person or organization that shared a copy of the notice or counternotice with Lumen

Other important fields on each notice include the following, although not every notice will have information in all of these fields.

The URL(s) for the material that the complainant wants taken down
A brief description of the issue leading to the complaint; and whether the recipient acted on the complaint or not.
In the case of a copyright complaint, the notice will also include a description of the original copyrighted material, and its URL if one exists.
DMCA (Copyright) Complaint to Google
SENDER
Venus Group
on behalf of India Love
[Private]
US
Sent on March 16, 2024
COUNTRY: US 🇺🇸
RECIPIENT
Google LLC 
[Private]
Mountain View, CA, 94043, US
SUBMITTER
Google LLC 
OTHER ENTITIES:
PRINCIPAL
Re: Unknown
NOTICE TYPE:
DMCA
Copyright claim 1
KIND OF WORK:
Unspecified
DESCRIPTION
The urls below are hosting and sharing a direct, literal copy of my client, India Love, copyrighted material (photographs, videos) from her premium content platform https://www.onlyfans.com/indialove, without her permission. We request the immediate removal of her copyrighted material by a DMCA takedown.
ORIGINAL URLS:
www.instagram.com - 2 URLs
www.onlyfans.com - 1 URL
ALLEGEDLY INFRINGING URLS:
www.timesnownews.com - 19 URLs
static.tnn.in - 15 URLs
imgk.timesnownews.com - 5 URLs

Click here to request access and see full URLs.

JURISDICTIONS
US
TOPICS
DMCA Notices, Copyright
TAGS
 2017 Lumen
Legal Licenses Privacy Researchers Blog Archive Spring '22 Research Sprint Sign In
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://lumendatabase.org/notices/40166457 
 ----- 
