SPORT
  This article is more than a year old
SOBERING SERIES
Proteas Women out to turn around their form and fortunes in Pakistan
 Laura Wolvaardt of South Africa plays a shot during the ICC Women’s T20 World Cup semifinal against England at Newlands Stadium in Cape Town on 24 February 2023. (Photo: Mike Hewitt / Getty Images)
By Keanan Hemmonsbey
 Follow
06 Sep 2023  0
After a 3-0 drubbing in the T20I series, the Proteas Women now turn their attention to the 50-over format in their historic tour to Pakistan.

It’s been only 214 days since the Proteas played in the T20 Cricket World Cup final in front of a sold-out Newlands Cricket Stadium in Cape Town. 

In their first series since the momentous final, the Proteas have fallen to a 3-0 T20I series defeat to Pakistan – their first tour to the subcontinent country. 

“Very tough series overall,” new interim skipper Laura Wolvaardt said. “Very frustrating to come pretty close in all three games and just be on the losing side all three times.

Pakistan’s Nida Dar (left) in action during the third WT20I match against South Africa at Karachi Stadium on 4 September 2023. (Photo: EPA-EFE / Rehan Khan)

“Pakistan played very well overall. They played well in the conditions, they rotated strike a lot better than us and they bowled a lot slower and it was harder to hit… They bowled very well.”

In comparison, Pakistan only won one of their four World Cup matches earlier this year, beating Ireland by 70 runs.

The usually reliable bowling department is where South Africa struggled most, taking only 13 wickets in the three T20I matches while failing to restrict Pakistan in both of their chases.

The Pakistanis beat South Africa by five wickets, seven wickets and six runs in the three respective matches.

“In all three games they probably held their nerve at the crucial moments better than what we did,” Wolvaardt, who was named player of the series with 157 runs across the three matches, said.

“They stayed in their chases better than what we stayed in our chase [on Monday].

“They played very good cricket and I think we were caught on the back foot a bit and just struggled to adapt throughout the series.”

Adapting

Much has changed for the Proteas since their 19-run loss to Australia on 26 February during their home World Cup.

Suné Luus stepped down as captain and Wolvaardt took over while pace ace Shabnim Ismail hung up her spikes. 

And the usually reliable bowling department is where South Africa struggled most, taking only 13 wickets in the three T20I matches while failing to restrict Pakistan in both of their chases.

“They bowled very well,” Wolvaardt said of the Pakistani bowlers.

“They only played one seamer [in the third game], so their spinners are kind of all of their bowlers. And we just didn’t work the ball around too much.

“We had more dot balls than them. I haven’t seen the stats yet, but in the other games we had too many dot balls as a batting unit,” the skipper shared.

South Africa’s Nondumiso Shangase in action against Pakistan at Karachi Stadium on 4 September 2023. (Photo: EPA-EFE / Rehan Khan)

“As a bowling unit as well, we just struggled to keep it simple. They just kept it very simple. They were able to bowl to their fields and just frustrate us and get ones.”

While Ismail’s raw pace is a glaring hole in the Proteas’ line-up, they still had the experience of Marizanne Kapp along with the guile of No 2-ranked T20I bowler Nonkululeko Mlaba to fall back on.

“Obviously cricket is a funny game sometimes and I do think we played good cricket in patches throughout the series,” Wolvaardt said. “I don’t think it was just weaknesses and I think we can reflect on the good stuff as well.

Laura Wolvaardi (right) and Marizanne Kapp of South Africa run between the wicket during the first T20I match against Pakistan at Karachi Cricket Stadium on 1 September 2023. (Photo: EPA-EFE / Rehan Khan)

Laura Wolvaardt on her way to scoring 66 off 56 deliveries against Bangladesh at Newlands in Cape Town on 21 February 2023. (Photo: Ashley Vlotman / Gallo Images)

“There were certain parts of our games that were better and then other parts that were worse and that’s just things that we’re going to have to analyse and see which phases of the game we can do better at and come back with better plans for the ODIs.”

Read more in Daily Maverick: Proteas take on Pakistan in Laura Wolvaardt’s maiden voyage as T20 skipper

A positive from the series defeat is the continued form of the opening partnership between Tazmin Brits and the skipper. Brits scored 78, 46 and 18 in the three matches while the ever-reliable Wolvaardt struck 44, 41 and 72. 

“The first couple of games I would have liked to bat at a bit of a higher strike rate,” Wolvaardt added. “It’s something that I’m trying to improve as an opening batter, to start the games off a bit better.

“Taz and I in general had better power plays than what we’ve had in the past. So it’s a step in the right direction.”

The team now turn their attention to the three-match One Day International series which starts on Friday, 8 September. All three will be at the National Stadium in Karachi. DM

 
Daily Maverick needs your support

We're not asking you to pay for every article you read. We're asking you to support us so that we can keep doing what South Africa needs us to do. Without the support of our readers, we won't be able to keep going.

If you really can't afford the price of an extra cup of coffee a week, then know this: we will never force you to pay. We've got your back and one day, you'll have ours.

Support Daily Maverick→

CricketCricket South AfricaCSAKeanan HemmonsbeyLaura WolvaardtPakistan CricketProteas Womensport
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

No Comments, yet

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
 
Stay off Biscuit's naughty list this festive season.

This is Biscuit, the Daily Maverick dog. She is here, in all her glory, to ask you to become a Maverick Insider this festive season.

If you appreciate the impact Daily Maverick has on South Africa, support us for only R2.76 a day (R75 a month).

Gift Biscuit a treat, support our work.

JOIN MAVERICK INSIDER 

Already an Insider?
Click here to login

TOP READS THIS HOUR
MAVERICK LIFE
From dead galaxies to mysterious red dots, here’s what the James Webb telescope has found in just three years
MAVERICK NEWS
Tenderpreneur brothers charged with murder of Umhlanga man
SOUTH AFRICA
Tshwane's Hennops River turns green: algal blooms signal a growing environmental crisis
MAVERICK NEWS
Brilliant Ryan Rickelton and ‘emotional’ Kyle Verreynne put Pakistan to the sword with the bat
MAVERICK CITIZEN
Cogta’s axeing of community workers likely to plunge people into instant poverty, say unions
TOP READS IN SECTION
MAVERICK NEWS
Tenderpreneur brothers charged with murder of Umhlanga man
SOUTH AFRICA
Tshwane's Hennops River turns green: algal blooms signal a growing environmental crisis
MAVERICK CITIZEN
Cogta’s axeing of community workers likely to plunge people into instant poverty, say unions
SOUTH AFRICA
We cannot fix SA's broken education system without reflecting on the insights from the past
SOUTH AFRICA
Karoo tapestry — the lure of stillness, nostalgia for long-gone locos and the look of yesterday
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
Standard Bank pioneers real-time payment requests for businesses with launch of PayShap Request for corporates
SPONSORED CONTENT
Popular investment migration programs for South Africans looking to relocate
SPONSORED CONTENT
Reflecting on 2024: taking the fork in the road
SPONSORED CONTENT
Oasis Water introduces South Africa’s first fully recyclable 10L PET refill dispenser bottle
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2023-09-06-proteas-women-vs-pakistan-sa-out-to-turn-around-form-fortunes/ 
 ----- 
