Boxing
Cricket
F1
Football
Golf
MLB
MMA
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
Tennis
WNBA
WWE
 TOP SPORTS
Tennis
NBA
Formula 1
NFL
UFC
WWE
 CONTACT
Contact Us
+1 6692491377
POLICIES & GUIDELINES
Privacy Policy
Correction Policy
DMCA/Copyrights Disclaimer
Editorial Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
GDPR Compliance
 ABOUT FIRSTSPORTZ
About Us
Editorial Team
Ownership and Funding Information
Our Team
Copyright © 2024 Blackbird Media Inc.
Home
Cricket
“Foolish to compare Jasprit Bumrah with Shaheen Afridi” – Mohammad Amir

By Sachin Arora
Updated Oct 23, 2021 / 13:47 EDT

Follow Us

Jasprit Bumrah and Shaheen Shah Afridi

Arch-rivals India and Pakistan are all set to play each other in a high voltage game at the 2021 ICC T20 World Cup in less than a day’s time. Meanwhile, Mohammad Amir, who recently announced his retirement from international cricket, has termed Indian speedster Jasprit Bumrah as the current best T20 bowler across the globe.

In a recent video on his YouTube channel Uncut, the left-armer even went on to say that it would be foolish to compare Bumrah with Pakistan’s Shaheen Shah Afridi right now. Amir reckoned that the latter is still young and in the learning phase of his professional career.

“It would be foolish to compare Bumrah with Shaheen right now because Shaheen is young, he is learning. Bumrah has been doing good for India for quite some time, and he is doing so well. He is the best T20 bowler, I think right now. Especially in the death overs,” Amir stated. 

“Shaheen is Pakistan’s best bowler at 2021 T20 WC’ – Amir
Shaheen Shah Afridi may be the difference-maker in Dubai

The former Pakistani cricketer further added that Shaheen Afridi will lead his side’s bowling attack at the upcoming 2021 T20 World Cup in the UAE. He also drew a slight comparison between the strengths of the two speedsters from India and Pakistan respectively.

“Shaheen is Pakistan’s best bowler this time. The way he has been performing in the last one and a half years. So this will be a good match-up. Bumrah bowls brilliantly with the new ball and among youngsters, Shaheen is the best when the ball is new”, Amir said.

The Indo-Pak clash is scheduled to take place on October 24, 2021, at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium, Dubai from 7:30 PM (IST) onwards. Notably, the ‘Men in Green’ are yet to register a WC win against their neighbouring country.

Also Read | T20 World Cup 2021: “Would like to see India and Pakistan in the final” – Sunil Gavaskar

Stay Updated!

Join our newsletter to receive exclusive updates and curated insights directly to your inbox.

Subscribe NOW
Tags: Jasprit Bumrah mohammad amir Shaheen Afridi
Ravi Shastri reveals how Jasprit Bumrah is comparable to Malocom Marshall

By FirstSportz

“Stupid! Stupid! Stupid!”, Sunil Gavaskar slams Rishabh Pant on air for his shot selection to get dismissed

By FirstSportz

“Because the culture has changed,” Irfan Pathan slams Virat Kohli for not playing domestic cricket

By FirstSportz

Ricky Ponting blames Virat Kohli for instigating shoulder bump against Sam Konstas

By FirstSportz

Arthur Smith Says Mistakes Were Made on Steelers Interception vs. Chiefs

By Steelers Now

Phillies shockingly the only team kept from pitching to Japanese star FA

By Empire Sports Media

Related Posts
Sunil Gavaskar was IRRITATED for not being called up to present the Border-Gavaskar Trophy to Pat Cummins
Gautam Gambhir breaks SILENCE on the future of Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli in the Test team
“Because the culture has changed,” Irfan Pathan slams Virat Kohli for not playing domestic cricket
#About the Author 

Sachin Arora

(2527 Articles Published)

Sachin Arora is a die-hard sports fan who commenced content writing while pursuing a Bachelor's degree in Journalism and Mass Communication.
Read More...

FirstSportz is the First Stop for all sports fanatics. We cover every sport which you might be looking for, like NFL, Golf, MLB, WWE Cricket, Football, Tennis, Esports, NBA, MMA and more...

Our Brands
FirstCuriosity
Tech First Now
Important Links
Our Team
About Us
Editorial Team
Editorial Policy
GDPR Compliance
DMCA/Copyrights Disclaimer
Advertise at FirstSportz
Follow us on
    

Copyright © 2024 Blackbird Media Inc.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://firstsportz.com/cricket-foolish-to-compare-jasprit-bumrah-with-shaheen-afridi-mohammad-amir/ 
 ----- 
