Skip to content
December 23, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
Fiji coach not happy with ref, slams VAR arrival

Fiji coach Rob Sherman have made his thoughts crystal clear about the upcoming use of VAR in OFC tournaments.

Fiji’s coach Robert Sherman. (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

Following the bronze final loss in the OFC Nations Cup the Welshman, who’s Fiji side lost 2-1 to Tahiti, made the comments on the back of what he thought was a poor performance from New Zealand referee CK Kawana-Waugh in the match.

“We don’t seem to get much out of that referee,” he said.

Kawana-Waugh also refereed Fiji in their group stage match with Tahiti in Suva, as well as in the semi-final against Vanuatu.

“There’s things going on at both teams and yet it seems we are getting penalised for pulling the shirt and they’re not,” Shermand said of the bronze final.

The OFC have previously stated they hope Video Assistant Referee (VAR) system will “be up and running for ‘practice’ at OFC tournaments later this year, with the aim to have VAR introduced at competitions in 2025, in preparation for the proposed OFC Pro League.”

But the impending entrance of VAR is not something Sherman is looking forward to, despite his views on the standard of refereeing in the Nations Cup bronze final.

“No, no. I hate VAR. Ultimately the ref’s in charge. I really loathe VAR. It’s just another subjective view. At the end of the day we have to trust the ref. Regardless of my criticism there, the ref is the guy and we need to trust him,” Sherman said.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: Fiji, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup
2 thoughts on "Fiji coach not happy with ref, slams VAR arrival"
David Riddington says:
June 30, 2024 at 23:43

No sweet grapes there then !!

Reply
Rohit Lingam says:
July 1, 2024 at 00:05

Y. Blame the ref
Fiji coach had such experience players on bench
Y want to utilise players who couldn’t perform seems he is blind that he couldn’t make constructive Decisions to make substitutes
Vanuatu and Tahiti both played impressive display of football walking through the midfield area of team Fiji and yet the coach wants to come out on media and criticize the REF for not doing his job
Bloody joke of the day

Reply
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/30/fiji-coach-not-happy-with-ref-slams-var-arrival/ 
 ----- 
