Skip to main content
48°
Sign UpLog In
Site search
Home
News
Sports
Lifestyle
Opinion
Obituaries
Business
Digital Exclusives
Send Us Your News
E-Edition
Public Notices
Special Sections
Search Our Archives
Classifieds
Contests & Giveaways
Customer Service
Online Features
Facebook
 
Twitter
© Copyright 2022 Portland Tribune
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Close
Sophia Smith penalty kick gives Portland Thorns 7th win in last 8 matches
Austin White Jun 8, 2024 Updated Jun 9, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email

BEAVERTON, OR - MAY 11, 2024: Sophia Smith scores Portland’s second from the penalty spot during the NSWL regular season Portland Thorns 4-0 win over Seattle Reign on April 13, 2024, at Providence Park (Photo by Diego G Diaz).

Photo by Diego G Diaz Photography
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

The Portland Thorns picked up where they mostly left off before the two-week international break with a 1-0 win over the visiting North Carolina Courage on Saturday, June 8 at Providence Park.

The Thorns weren’t able to create many chances on the day, but a strong pass from Marie Muller to Hina Sugita in the box in the 78th minute led to Sugita getting fouled from behind.

After a review, the foul call was made and Sophia Smith took the penalty kick for Portland, knocking it past the North Carolina keeper in the bottom left.

"I think we made a point this week knowing that the last time we played North Carolina at their place, it was one of our worst performances," Becky Sauerbrunn said. "I thought we showed well today. Glad to get that PK to go up a goal, but then the last 20 minutes or so were a little chaotic. I think we did a good job killing off the game, but there were some shenanigans going on in there as well."

The penalty was the second on the day for the Courage’s Ryan Williams, sending her off with a red card and putting North Carolina down a player the rest of the way.

Despite the increased aggression on offense, the Courage couldn’t penetrate the Thorns’ defense to find the equalizer, giving the Thorns the home win.

However, Smith picked up a late yellow card in the 89th minute. And after being subbed, she was issued another penalty on the sideline for a red, which means she'll be out for the next match against OL Reign as of now.

Also, Becky Sauerbrunn surpassed 15,000 minutes played in the NWSL, becoming only the eighth player to do that in league history.

"Janine Beckie was like, 'It either means you're really old or you're really fit,'" Sauerbrunn said. "I love this league and I've played in it for every year it's been around. To me it's an honor to reach that milestone, I've given a lot. It's so amazing to see how this league has grow. We've definitely gone through some ups and downs, but I think we're getting to a place where everyone can be proud of playing here."

The win moves Portland (7-1-4, 22 points) back into second place in the NWSL standings, giving the Thorns seven wins in their last eight matches.

Here’s a summary of the big plays during the match:

Big plays
First half

9th minute: Corner kick by Thorns’ Sam Coffey leads to a header by Becky Sauerbrunn that almost goes into the top-right corner of the net but is a little wide.

10th minute: Jessie Fleming gets a pass and attempts a straight on shot that is saved by Courage goalkeeper Casey Murphy.

22nd minute: Thorns back line out of sync and leads to an open ball, but Shelby Hogan dives on the ball to save a shot attempt from happening.

28th minute: Sophia Smith gets an open lane, but her shot goes wide left and didn’t have much power after taking a hard tackle a couple minutes earlier where North Carolina’s Ryan Williams received a yellow.

36th minute: Janine Beckie subs in for Sam Coffey who took a hard fall earlier in the match that required play to stop. Coffey is second on the Thorns this year in minutes.

"I haven't spoke to the medicals," Gale said. "We'll have to just see how she does with a little bit of discomfort."

42nd minute: Shelby Hogan makes a bad pass in the box behind Sauerbrunn that leads to a Courage shot, but Hogan dives for the save.

45th minute: Smith gets a long pass in transition and fires a shot that goes wide left.

45+4 minute: Smith fires a shot from inside the box that is saved by the keeper. Rebound goes to Smith who passes to Marie Muller who’s shot is blocked up front and sent out.

"(Muller) is such an intelligent footballer for us," Gale said. "Especially second half when we asked them to change the pitches with the fullbacks and the wide players and the midfield roll outs, I thought Marie was outstanding again and she's just a terrific player."

Second half

57th minute: Another transition chance finds Smith going down the right side, her shot sails high and to the left however.

61st minute: Olivia Moultrie pokes a shot through three Courage defenders, but is easily saved by the NC keeper.

67th minute: Courage’s Denis O’Sullivan is given a yellow card after a long day of bruising up the Thorns. Christine Sinclair also checks in for Payton Linnehan

73rd minute: Smith comes up with a steal deep in Courage territory, passes it off to Fleming after some fancy dribbling in the box. Fleming’s shot bends to the right and off goal.

79th minute: Hina Sugita is determined to have been fouled in the box after a review. Smith takes the penalty kick and knocks it home in the bottom left corner despite Murphy diving that way.

90th minute: Courage get a header off a corner that goes just wide of the goal off of Muller who reacts with a sigh of relief that it didn’t find the net.

90+4 minute: Smith takes another ball deep into the Courage box, fires a sideways shot that is saved by the Courage keeper.

90+10 minute: Smith is giving a second yellow card from the bench after trying to jokingly hide the ball under the bench after it came off the field of play.

"I haven't seen it, didn't see it," Gale said. "It was a long injury time again, but I didn't see the incident so I'll have to review it."

 

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Portland Thorns Sophia Smith North Carolina Courage Nwsl Providence Park Rob Gale Hina Sugita Sports Multnomah Portland Thorns Fc Seasons In English Football Association Football Becky Sauerbrunn Goalkeeper (association Football) Association Football Clubs Premier League Clubs Sophia Smith (soccer, Born 2000) Seasons In Association Football Seasons In European Football Association Football Seasons Premier League
Recommended for you
Friends to Follow
Local Events
NEARBY COMMUNITIES
Business Tribune
The Bee
Southwest Community Connection
Beaverton Valley Times
Lake Oswego Review
The Outlook
OTHER COMMUNITIES
Canby Herald
Central Oregonian
Milwaukie Review
Columbia County Spotlight
Estacada News
Forest Grove News-Times
Hillsboro News-Times
Madras Pioneer
Molalla Pioneer
Newberg Graphic
Oregon City News
Sandy Post
Sherwood Gazette
West Linn Tidings
Wilsonville Spokesman
Woodburn Independent
The Valley Times
SERVICES
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Subscription Services
Classifieds
Contract Publishing
Work Here
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
portlandtribune.com
P.O Box 45
West Linn, OR 97068
Phone: 503-684-0360
Email: Circulation@pamplinmedia.com

Facebook
 
Twitter
Amazing Kids
Amazing Educators
Amazing Neighbors
A Salute to Veterans
Copyright 2024 | P.O Box 45, West Linn, OR 97068 | Cookie Preferences  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.portlandtribune.com/sports/sophia-smith-penalty-kick-gives-portland-thorns-7th-win-in-last-8-matches/article_b2b78d9a-2615-11ef-a816-af5d666bb217.html 
 ----- 
