Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Rockets forward Tari Eason ‘knocking the rust off’ in long-awaited return from injury
Ben Dubose, Rockets Wire
Thu, Oct 10, 2024·2 min read

When Tari Eason reported to media day at the start of training camp for the 2024-25 Houston Rockets, the third-year forward said he nearly cried when he got back on the basketball court after a long injury rehabilitation program.

On Wednesday in Oklahoma City, he took the next step by playing in Houston's second preseason game (a 122-113 overtime win over the Thunder). In 14 minutes off the bench, Eason had 8 points and 5 rebounds, shooting 3-of-6 overall (50.0%) and 1-of-3 on 3-pointers (33.3%). He had sat out Monday's preseason opener in Utah for rest purposes.

“I was a little out of shape, just knocking the rust off,” Eason said postgame via Jonathan Feigen of the Houston Chronicle. “Once I got in the second or third time, I felt a little more comfortable. I was getting into shape and trusting my leg.”

Eason’s 2023-24 sophomore season was limited to just 22 games due to ongoing issues related to a stress reaction in his lower left leg. However, when he did play, the 6-foot-8 forward showed clear signs of progress. In fact, at one point, head coach Ime Udoka even compared Eason to a young Kawhi Leonard — who Udoka coached as an assistant a decade ago with the San Antonio Spurs.

Eason is already one of Houston’s best and most versatile defenders, and he’s also an efficient scorer offensively who thrives in transition settings. In 21.8 minutes per game last season, the third-year forward averaged 9.8 points (46.6% FG, 36.0% on 3-pointers), 7.0 rebounds, and 1.4 steals per game.

In 2024-25, Eason projects as a key backup to both Dillon Brooks at small forward and Jabari Smith Jr. at power forward. He’ll be eligible for a contract extension from the Rockets in the 2025 offseason.

More: After injury plagued sophomore season, Tari Eason overjoyed to be back playing in Houston

This article originally appeared on Rockets Wire: Tari Eason ‘knocking the rust off’ in long-awaited return from injury

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Magic's Paolo Banchero scores 34 points in return after missing 34 games with oblique injury

Banchero picked up where he left off before his injury, nearly leading the Magic to a win.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
How Jack Sawyer punched Ohio State's ticket to the CFP title game in 83 long, glorious yards

It was fitting that Sawyer, a two-year starter and three-year letterman and one of the faces of Ohio State's fierce defense, was the one who made the play of the game.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Inside a creative resource Sean McVay’s Rams could use to decode the Vikings

Los Angeles has a season-long strategy to practice responding to unpredictability, which Brian Flores' Vikings defense will certainly present.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
MLB bans Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in 2024 World Series from all ballparks indefinitely

The two fans who tried to pry a ball out of Betts' glove during the World Series now face arrest if they are seen at an MLB event.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns, Jaguars, Jets to take part in 2025 NFL London Games

Madrid, Spain, and Berlin will also host NFL regular-season games in 2025.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The Irish fight on

In today's edition: Notre Dame wins Orange Bowl, ranking every Super Bowl matchup, the rise of Cade Cunningham, Australian Open preview, wild Ravens stat, and more.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers beat Thunder in clash of NBA's top teams

The NBA's best offense beat the NBA's best defense, in a game with 30 lead changes and no double-digit leads.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
About Last Night: Fantasy basketball stars deliver as Cavaliers top Thunder in matchup of NBA's top teams

Wednesday's NBA slate provided a blend of history and standout fantasy performances. Dan Titus has the top takeaways from the slate.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Thunder vs. Cavaliers: Key takeaways from Cleveland's impressive victory

Some key observations and analysis on two teams that could be around in June.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/rockets-forward-tari-eason-knocking-134548047.html 
 ----- 
