Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Takeaways From the Rockets Offense in Preseason Win vs. Thunder
There was a lot to like the Rockets preseason win, but things to work on, too.
Jed Katz | Oct 10, 2024
Oct 9, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Houston Rockets guard Aaron Holiday (0) drives to the basket against Oklahoma City Thunder forward Malevy Leons (17) during the second half at Paycom Center. Mandatory Credit: Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images / Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Houston Rockets
Oklahoma City Thunder

The Houston Rockets defeated the Oklahoma City Thunder in last night's preseason game, 122-113. On the road, the Rockets won in overtime after a tight fourth quarter.

The Rockets' offense was high-scoring even through regulation, scoring 106 points through four quarters. The team took 98 shots, including 42 three-pointers, shooting 40.8% from the field and 31.0% from deep.

A good chunk of Houston's points came from the free-throw line. The team shot 29-for-39, going 74.4% from the charity stripe. The Rockets' shooting percentage was much better than Oklahoma City's, as the Thunder shot 42.2% from the field, 29.4% from deep, and 57.1% from the free-throw line. It speaks to Houston's defense, making it tough on the Thunder in their offense.

One thing to note was Houston's low assist count, accentuated by the absence of Fred VanVleet. VanVleet did not play last night, and not having your starting point guard who averaged 8.1 assists last season would obviously hinder the scoring. The team's second-leading passer, Alperen Sengun, only recorded two assists.

Despite the scoring success, the biggest problem with the Rockets' offense last night was the high turnover count. The team recorded 19 turnovers, whereas the Thunder had just 14. 19 turnovers aren't that prominent, especially in a preseason game, but it's something to note as five players had two turnovers or more. Jabari Smith Jr. and Reed Sheppard led the team in turnovers with three each.

The Rockets continue their preseason schedule Oct. 15 at home against the New Orleans Pelicans.

Want to join the discussion? Like Rockets on SI Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Rockets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Oct 10, 2024
JED KATZ

Jed is a student at the University of Wisconsin-Madison majoring in journalism. He also contributes at several other basketball outlets, including has his own basketball blog and podcast — The Sixth Man Report.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/rockets/news/houston-rockets-takeaways-from-the-offense-in-preseason-win-vs-thunder 
 ----- 
