Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
PRO & COLLEGE SPORTS
WNBA Finals: Where to buy cheapest Minnesota Lynx vs. New York Liberty tickets for Game 1 at Barclays Center (10/10/24)
Updated: Oct. 08, 2024, 10:13 p.m.|Published: Oct. 08, 2024, 10:12 p.m.

New York Liberty guard Sabrina Ionescu (20) celebrates after her team's series clinching victory against the Las Vegas Aces during a WNBA Semifinal basketball game Sunday, Oct. 6, 2024, in Las Vegas. New York won 76-62. (AP Photo/Ian Maule)AP

By Joey Chandler | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

The New York Liberty, led by Breanna Stewart, host the Minnesota Lynx, led by Napheesa Collier in Game 1 of the WNBA finals on Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024 (10/10/24) at Brooklyn’s Barclays Center.

Minnesota advanced with an 88-77 win over the Connecticut Sun in Game 5 of the semifinals on Tuesday night at the Target Center in Minneapolis.

CarJitsu 9: Redemption: Chambers vs Moore

New York advanced to the finals after eliminating the two-time defending champion Las Vegas Aces with a 76-62 victory in Game 4 of the semifinals on Sunday.

TICKETS: Fans who want to attend Game 1 of the WNBA finals can buy tickets at SeatGeek, Stubhub, Ticketmaster, or Vivid Seats.

According to Vivid Seats, the cheapest tickets available are $33.

Here’s what you need to know:

What: Game 1, WNBA finals

Who: Lynx vs. Liberty

When: Thursday, Oct. 10, 2024

Where: Barclays Center

Time: 8 p.m.

TV: ESPN

Live stream: fuboTV and DirecTVStream

Tickets: Stubhub, Ticketmaster, Vivid Seats

***

WNBA semifinals schedule/results

Game 1

Sunday, Sept. 29

New York Liberty 87, Las Vegas Aces 77

Connecticut Sun 73, Minnesota Lynx 70

Game 2

Tuesday, Oct. 1

New York Liberty 88, Las Vegas Aces 84

Minnesota Lynx 77, Connecticut Sun 70

GAME 3

Friday, Oct. 4

Minnesota Lynx 90, Connecticut Sun 81

Las Vegas Aces 95, New York Liberty 81

GAME 4

Sunday, Oct. 6

New York Liberty 76, Las Vegas Aces 62

Connecticut Sun 92, Minnesota Lynx 82

GAME 5

Tuesday, Oct. 8

Minnesota Lynx 88, Connecticut Sun 77

***

Here’s a recent New York Liberty story via the Associated Press:

LAS VEGAS (AP) — The celebration was relatively muted given how long the Liberty had waited to exact revenge on the Aces for beating New York on its home court in last year’s WNBA Finals.

Except Sunday’s 76-62 victory wasn’t exactly the moment the Liberty have dreamed about.

They are three victories from making that vision a reality and will have home-court advantage in the best-of-five series against the Connecticut Sun or Minnesota Lynx. The finals series begins Thursday.

“We went to the finals last year,” Breanna Stewart said. “We didn’t do nothing.”

The Liberty have spent nearly a year using that finals loss to a short-handed Las Vegas team playing with a sharp focus in establishing the league’s best record. Coming up two wins short of a championship won’t be good enough this year.

So as satisfying as it was to beat the Aces, it’s not the title.

The Liberty not only have last year’s close call hanging in the shadows, but there also is the organization’s oh-so-close history. New York went to the finals in three of the league’s first four years and lost each time to the Houston Comets. Then the Liberty lost two years later to the Los Angeles Sparks.

Maybe this is the year they get it done.

One major advantage in wrapping up the series against Las Vegas in four games was it gives New York extra time to rest while the Sun and Lynx play a winner-takes-all Game 5 on Tuesday. Then the winner will have to travel from Minneapolis.

“This playoff schedule is extremely condensed,” Stewart said. “If you go to Game 5, you have one day to prepare for Game 1 of the finals. That’s insane.”

Insane also might be an apt description of Brooklyn’s Barclays Center, which is drawing large, energetic crowds sprinkled with celebrities, including noted courtside spectator Spike Lee.

Now that the Liberty are back in the finals, expect the buzz to grow even louder.

RECOMMENDED•NJ.COM

What channel is the Arizona Cardinals game today (1/5/25)? FREE LIVE STREAM, Time, TV, Channel for NFL Week 1Jan. 5, 2025, 10:00 a.m.

How to watch Maryland women’s basketball vs. Iowa (1/5/25) online without cable | FREE LIVE STREAM for regulaJan. 5, 2025, 4:00 p.m.

“I hope it’s sold out,” Stewart said. “I hope it’s 18,000. Home-court advantage is a real thing, especially when you get to this point because it’s so loud that you can’t hear. Especially for us in Game 3, it was so loud here (in Las Vegas) we could not hear, and that’s toughness of going on the road.”

(The Associated Press contributed to this report)

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/sports/2024/10/wnba-finals-where-to-buy-cheapest-minnesota-lynx-vs-new-york-liberty-tickets-for-game-1-at-barclays-center-101024.html 
 ----- 
