Skip to main content
LIVE
CTV News Channel
(OPENS IN A NEW TAB)
TORONTO
SEARCH CTVNEWS.CA
Search
NEWS
VIDEO
SHOWS
ABOUT
LOCAL
SHOPPING TRENDS
ADVERTISEMENT
TORONTO
News
Vladimir Guerrero Jr's 3-run homer leads Blue Jays to 3-0 win over Red Sox
02:21
CTV National News: Big changes at Rogers Centre
03:04
New home opener traditions for Blue Jays fans
04:59
Blue Jays GM speaks ahead of home opener
02:09
A new fan experience for Blue Jays home opener
03:14
Big day for Blue Jays and fans at revamped stadium
02:01
CTV National News: New era for the Rogers Centre
02:26
What Blue Jays fans can expect at the home opener
03:01
First look at Blue Jays' new outfield district
00:33
Blue Jays unveil Rogers centre renovations
01:58
CTV National News: Peek at Rogers Centre facelift
01:57
Blue Jays unveil new renovations at Rogers Centre
ADVERTISEMENT
John Chidley-Hill
The Canadian Press
Staff
Contact
Published Sept. 16, 2023 1:56 a.m. GMT
Share

Vladimir Guerrero Jr.'s three-run homer lifted the Blue Jays over the Boston Red Sox 3-0 on Friday to snap Toronto's four-game losing skid.

Jose Berrios (11-10) struck out eight over seven scoreless innings, allowing five hits, as Toronto (81-67) kept pace in the American League's wild-card chase.

ADVERTISEMENT

The Blue Jays are one game back of the Seattle Mariners for the third and final AL wild-card spot. Seattle hosted the National League West-leading Los Angeles Dodgers later Friday.

Relievers Jordan Hicks and Jordan Romano of Markham, Ont., preserved the win for Toronto. Romano earned his 35th save of the year.

RELATED STORIES
Guerrero, Bichette lead Blue Jays past Royals 5-4 to kick off 10-game homestand
Shortstop Bichette returns to Jays lineup, catcher Jansen out for regular season
Two years ago, Davis Schneider was ready to quit professional baseball. Now, he's making MLB history
The Toronto Blue Jays' radio broadcasters won't be joining the team on the road this season
Former Blue Jays slugger Jose Bautista added to Level of Excellence at Rogers Centre

Brayan Bello (12-9) struck out 10 but gave up three runs on four hits and a walk over six innings for Boston (74-74). Chris Murphy came out of the Red Sox bullpen.

Guerrero smashed his 23rd home run of the season to give Toronto a 3-0 lead in the third inning. He took a 96.6 m.p.h. four-seam fastball from Bello 400 feet to deep left field, scoring Daulton Varsho and Bo Bichette.

It was Guerrero's second home run in as many games after his two-run blast was all the Blue Jays could muster in a 9-2 loss to the Texas Rangers on Thursday.

Berrios backed up that offence with precise pitching, striking out three consecutive Red Sox batters for a three up, three down fourth inning. He was at his most efficient in the first at bat of the inning, fanning Boston right-fielder Alex Verdugo on just three pitches.

After Hicks kept the Red Sox scoreless in the eighth, Romano took the mound.

Romano got Justin Turner swinging for a third strike, induced a Verdugo popfly, and then struck out Masataka Yoshida to end the game.

CLEMENTE AWARD - Guerrero was named the Toronto Blue Jays nominee for the Roberto Clemente Award in a brief pre-game ceremony. Clemente died in a plane crash at the age of 38 on New Year's Eve 1972 while delivering emergency aid to earthquake victims in Nicaragua. The award is given annually to the Major League Baseball player who best exemplifies sportsmanship, community involvement and the individual's contribution to his team.

ON DECK - Right-handed pitcher Chris Bassitt (14-8) gets the start as Toronto continues its series with the Red Sox. Lefty Chris Sale (6-4) will go for Boston.

This report by The Canadian Press was first published Sept. 15, 2023.

RELATED IMAGES
1 / 1
Toronto Blue Jays' Vladimir Guerrero Jr. hits a three-run home run against the Boston Red Sox during third inning American League MLB baseball action in Toronto on Friday, September 15, 2023. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Chris Young
Report an error
Editorial standards & policies
Why you can trust CTV News
SHOPPING TRENDS

The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.

EDITOR'S PICKS
8 Pairs Of Touchscreen Gloves That'll Actually Keep Your Fingers Warm While You Text
If You Have A Small Kitchen, You Probably Need These 17 Space-Saving Products
Dry January: Here Are All The Best Mocktails, Non-Alcoholic Beers, And Faux Spirits For Your Alcohol-Free Month
HOME
19 Little Indulgences To Treat Yourself To In 2025
The Best Toy Storage Solutions to Keep Your Kid's Stuff From Taking Over Your Home
17 Products That'll Help You Stay Organized While Working From Home
GIFTS
The Best Birthday Gifts To Give In January 2025
The Clock Is Ticking — Shop These 25 Last-Minute Amazon Prime Gifts Now
If You Have An Amazon Prime Account, These 70+ Crowd-Pleasing Gifts Will Still Arrive Before Christmas
BEAUTY
14 Bath Products To Treat Yourself To This Winter
20 Products Your Dry, Dehydrated Skin Will Thank You For Ordering
14 Hydrating Face Masks That’ll Save Your Skin This December
DEALS
Flight Centre's Sun Sale Is Officially On, And You Can Save Big On Trips To Mexico, Jamaica, And More
Therabody Is Ringing In 2025 With A Huge Sale — Here's What To Add To Your Cart
The Best Fitness Deals, Steals, And Sales You'll Find Online This Week
MUST WATCH

'Like driving through hell itself': Scary L.A. highway scene

Rare HMCS Ottawa ride gives look inside Operation HORIZON

Ont. chiropractor living out her dreams on the soccer pitch

WATCH: Crews battle raging wildfires in upscale L.A. area

Walmart's version of Hermes Birkin bag, 'Wirkin', sells out

Nearly half of Canadians anticipate worse finances this year

Reporter shows devastation as wildfires engulf homes in L.A.

Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy launch new simulator golf league

Man trapped in self-driving taxi doing circles in Calif.

Maritime coffee shop pairs with SPCA to help pets in need

Looking back at the political career of Justin Trudeau

'Great walk in the snow': Pierre Trudeau resigns in 1984

These twin Sask. sisters celebrated their 90th birthday

TORONTO TOP STORIES
Ontario Premier Doug Ford says he is 'OK' after OPP vehicle he was in was 'sideswiped' in Highway 401 collision
Toronto police arrest one of Canada's most wanted fugitives
Ontario's so-called 'crypto king' faces new criminal charges in intimate partner violence case
Various school boards in GTA impacted by 'cyber incident'
Hamilton stabbing victim dies in hospital, accused identified
Delivery truck driver critically injured in three-vehicle collision on Hwy. 400
Police in Cornwall, Ont. arrest 4 in connection with attempt to smuggle people into U.S.
Former Toronto police officer charged with gross indecency in historical sexual assault
TOP VIDEOS

New $140K electric truck already needs new battery

Ford on 401 crash: 'This head is like limestone'

'Canada is not for sale': Ford responds to Trump

Another speed camera sawed off in Toronto

Which Canadian exports will be hit hardest by tariff threat?

Relief among college students as strike averted

Toe-to-toe with a Canadian boxing legend

Arrest made in deadly triple shooting in 2022

Why are so many students behind on vaccinations?

Strike threat at Ontario colleges averted

At least 7 speed cameras targeted by vandalism

Ford: There's a list if Trump announces tariffs

WATCH: Hwy. 401 collision involving Premier Ford

One hospitalized following stabbing downtown

Nearly half of Canadians anticipate worse finances

CTVNEWS.CA TOP STORIES
Can the U.S. really make Canada the 51st state?

Talk of Canada becoming the 51st American state has raised an existential question on this side of the border: Could it be done? Could the maple leaf make way to the stars and stripes? According to several experts, it may be possible, but not painless.

LIVE UPDATES | Five deaths reported in L.A. wildfires, Canada prepared to offer expertise

Convicted Jan. 6 rioter arrested as fugitive in Whistler, B.C.

Energy minister 'committed' to consumer carbon tax as he considers Liberal leadership

Ontario Premier Doug Ford says he is 'OK' after OPP vehicle he was in was 'sideswiped' in Highway 401 collision

At least 60 University of Guelph students sick as 'cluster of illness' hits residence

New ranking suggests Canada passport among 'top 5 losers' in the world

'A second chance at life': B.C. soccer player nearly killed by stray bullet in U.S. speaks to CTV News

U.S. hospital workers charged in death of non-verbal patient left in scalding bath for nearly an hour

MOST READ
skip MOST READ list
1
Environment Canada's David Phillips on why he keeps working after retirement
2
Ex-Olympian Ryan Wedding still has access to 'network of hitmen,' U.S. prosecutors warn
3
Pickering pauses in-person meetings after alt-right threats: mayor
4
Moving scam in Toronto: Hundreds of charges
5
Victim of Thornhill robbery caught on video recounts scene
6
Scarborough shooting leaves 1 injured: police
7
Marco Muzzo, drunk driver who killed 3 children and grandfather, granted full parole
MONTREAL
Two Quebec planes and their crews helping fight devastating L.A. wildfires

Just for Laughs founder's former sister-in-law testified that he sexually assaulted her

Quebec increases funding for mining institute

OTTAWA
Canada as the 51st State: Americans in Watertown, N.Y. react

'Not for sale': pushback as Trump's rhetoric escalates

Group calls on province to ban rat poison after Kanata dog nearly dies

NORTHERN ONTARIO
Ontario Premier Doug Ford says he is 'OK' after OPP vehicle he was in was 'sideswiped' in Highway 401 collision

Motorist was driving 168 km/h on Hwy. 69, northern Ont. police say

Ontario has 'strong list' to counter possible Trump tariffs: Ford

KITCHENER
Pedestrian dies after crash involving Guelph city bus

At least 60 University of Guelph students sick as 'cluster of illness' hits residence

Faculty strike averted at Ontario colleges as both sides agree to binding arbitration

LONDON
Why hasn’t London opened warming centres for the homeless?

Snowmobile collision claims the life of 58-year-old near Brucefield

Attempted robbery of London jewellery store has LPS on the hunt for four suspects

WINDSOR
Would updated MPAC assessments lead to skyrocketing property tax hikes?

Ontario Premier Doug Ford says he is 'OK' after OPP vehicle he was in was 'sideswiped' in Highway 401 collision

'What we're doing is working': More dog parvovirus clinics coming to downtown Windsor as deadly outbreak stabilizes

BARRIE
Over $65,000 in stolen goods seized during Alliston raid: OPP

Alleged serial ticket scammer 'Todd the Fraud' seeks resolution in case

Wasaga Beach man plans to live mortgage-free after life-changing lottery win

WINNIPEG
Winnipeg hospital death to be investigated as critical incident

Protesters block heavy equipment from entering Lemay Forest; trees still being cut down

Police chief’s remains believed to be found in fire aftermath

ATLANTIC
Police arrest suspect in two N.S. homicides

Daughter of N.S. woman killed in Edmonton speaks out

Victim’s friend testifies in Halifax mall murder trial

N.L.
Adviser says Quebec-N.L. energy deal is 'very good,' as Opposition vows not to vote

Newfoundland and Labrador energy deal with Quebec under scrutiny as debate opens

Part of street washed away and state of emergency declared in N.L. town after storm

EDMONTON
'This isn't just my mom's story,' says daughter of woman allegedly killed by partner

ATA warns standardized testing will cause 'stress and anxiety' for kindergarteners

Semantics around subsidies won't stop city, developers from building homes

CALGARY
'True when I said it, true today': former Canadian PM Harper pushes back aganst Trump on social media

'Extremely triggering': Facebook drug ads cause concern for Calgarian in recovery

Calgary Flames game postponed in L.A. as wildfires burn nearby

REGINA
Regina murder suspect who appeared on national most wanted list arrested

Saskatchewan town sees flurry of construction with $30K housing cheque program

Saskatchewan experiencing warm up in temperatures this week

SASKATOON
'You're killing them inside': Sask. hockey referee blows the whistle on verbal abuse of young officials

Sask. man missing since Christmas found dead

Saskatoon residents oppose cell tower precedent

VANCOUVER
Convicted Jan. 6 rioter arrested as fugitive in Whistler, B.C.

A B.C. man's mission of hope in Cambodia, helping human trafficking survivors

Debate among Liberal MPs over voting rules in leadership race

VANCOUVER ISLAND
Convicted Jan. 6 rioter arrested as fugitive in Whistler, B.C.

Debate among Liberal MPs over voting rules in leadership race

'A second chance at life': B.C. soccer player nearly killed by stray bullet in U.S. speaks to CTV News

STAY CONNECTED
Search CTV News
Advertise on CTVNews.ca
Political Ads Registry
About CTV Careers
CTV News Stox
Press Room
Editorial Standards & Policies
Contact Us
CTV News AppVideo HelpAccessibilityShopping Trends
Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news
Subscribe to newsletter
CTV NEWS PROGRAMS
CTV National News
Power Play
W5
CTV Question Period
CTV News Channel
LOCAL NEWS
AtlanticBarrieCalgaryEdmontonGuelphKitchenerLethbridgeLondonMontrealNorthern OntarioOttawaPrince AlbertRed DeerReginaSaskatoonTorontoVancouverVancouver IslandWindsorWinnipegYorkton

© 2024  All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://toronto.ctvnews.ca/vladimir-guerrero-jr-s-3-run-homer-leads-blue-jays-to-3-0-win-over-red-sox-1.6564156 
 ----- 
