NBA
Indiana Pacers
Pacers: Jermaine O’Neal is upset with Indiana allowing Buddy Hield to wear No. 7

Jermaine O'Neal expressed his feelings openly regarding Indiana allowing Buddy Hield to wear his jersey number.

By 

Krutik Jain

Sep 15, 2023 at 12:22 AM ET

Retiring player jerseys has been a long-followed tradition in the NBA to honor an individual's contribution to the team. However, at times many players don't get the same respect from former teams for their contribution, and that seems to be the case with former Indiana Pacers big man Jermaine O'Neal.

Recently, O'Neal took exception when the Indiana Pacers allowed Buddy Hield to spot the Pacers' No. 7 jersey which was the number of the 6x all-star. Jermaine O'Neal took a dig at his former team on Instagram where he remarked:

“I love Buddy and the work that he puts in. My statement has nothing to do with him. It is disappointing to watch teams every year recognize and celebrate the players who have been the franchise's very best players on and off the court but yet the Pacers don't. It's been confusing and disappointing to say the least!!”

NBACentral
@TheDunkCentral
·
Follow

Jermaine O’Neal is disappointed the Pacers allowed another player to wear No. 7

(h/t @BasketballOnX )

10:39 PM · Sep 14, 2023
23.1K
Reply
Copy link
Read 815 replies
Expand Tweet
Related Indiana Pacers News
Article continues below
Pacers player who must be traded soon
1d
Pacers’ Tyrese Haliburton opens up on ‘self-doubt’ amid early-season struggles
1d
Is Tyrese Haliburton playing vs. Warriors? Latest injury update
1d
Warriors vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2024
1d

It is sad to see O'Neal's relationship with the Pacers taking a hit with the former upsets with the team allowing his jersey number on the court.

In his 18-year tenure with the NBA, the six-time All-Star has put up some incredible numbers playing for the Portland Trailblazers, Pacers, Toronto Raptors, Miami Heat, Boston Celtics, Phoenix Suns, and Golden State Warriors. Jermaine O'Neal averaged 13.2 points per game, 7.2 rebounds per game, and 1.8 blocks per game. He is among a select few NBA players who have more than 10,000 points and 5,000 rebounds.

Furthermore, O'Neal made the All-NBA second and third teams and won the NBA Most Improved Player of the Year award in  2002. Jermaine O'Neal's resume warrants his jersey number retired with the Indiana Pacers where he spent his prime years. With him taking a dig, it will be interesting to see if the Pacers give him the recognition that he deserves in the form of a jersey retirement.

Krutik is a versatile sports writer with a deep passion for NFL, Cricket, NBA, MLB, and various other sports. With an inquisitive mind and a love for storytelling, Krutik has successfully carved out a career in the world of sports journalism, offering valuable insights and analysis to avid sports fans worldwide. Through his work, Krutik aims to contribute to the vibrant sports community, fostering a deeper appreciation and understanding of the games we all cherish.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Warriors vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2024
1 day ago
Pacers player who must be traded soon
18 hours ago
Bulls vs. Pacers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
3 days ago
3 Top Pacers Trade Targets in 2024-25 Season
1 day ago
Commentator creates buzz after using LiAngelo Ball lyrics after Lonzo Ball move
2 days ago
Is Tyrese Haliburton playing vs. Warriors? Latest injury update
1 day ago
Sources: The Pacers reason Warriors are watching Cam Johnson trade talks
5 days ago
Pacers’ Tyrese Haliburton opens up on ‘self-doubt’ amid early-season struggles
1 day ago
Pacers go viral for jersey number hijinks vs. Bulls
2 days ago
Pacers sign intriguing young player to contract in latest roster move
1 week ago
Is Tyrese Haliburton playing vs. Bulls? Latest injury update
3 days ago
Nets’ Day’Ron Sharpe makes confident proclamation after season-best performance
4 days ago
Buddy Hield
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Update Privacy Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/pacers-news-jermaine-oneal-did-not-hold-back-about-indiana-allowing-buddy-hield-to-use-his-number 
 ----- 
