Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
"It Sucks"... LeBron James Sounds Off On Mavericks Win Over Lakers
The King gave credit to Dallas' gameplan as the Mavericks broke a five-game losing streak
Austin Veazey | Jan 8, 2025
Jan 7, 2025; Dallas, Texas, USA; Los Angeles Lakers forward LeBron James (23) drives to the basket as Dallas Mavericks forward Naji Marshall (13) defends during the second half at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images / Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images
In this story:
Dallas Mavericks
Los Angeles Lakers

The Dallas Mavericks broke a five-game losing streak on Tuesday night by picking up a 118-97 win over LeBron James and the Los Angeles Lakers. Dallas shot a blistering 18/38 from three-point range as they were able to take the Lakers off the dribble and open up shots all over the floor.

LeBron James had high praise for the Mavs, saying in his postgame media availability, "They had a great gameplan versus our defense, and obviously they watched to see how we play. They put us in a lot of pick-and-rolls, spread us out. Most of the time, it was five-out when Lively wasn't in the game. They had multiple ball-handlers, if they broke us down, it was either get to the rim or spray out, and then they play drive-and-kick game. Hit a lot of threes. It started with the end of the second quarter, we had a horrible finish to the second quarter after we were up 50-44, let Klay [Thompson] hit three in a row and they end up going into the half up five and extended it from there. They put people in the pick-and-roll, they wanted pick-and-roll to exploit matchups and when we got into rotations, we didn't make enough second efforts."

READ MORE: JJ Redick Reveals One Key Reason For Mavericks' Win Over Lakers

James nearly had a triple-double in Tuesday's performance, producing 18 points, 10 rebounds, and eight assists on 6/12 shooting, but is more disappointed that the Lakers exit a two-game road trip to Texas without a win.

"It sucks, especially knowing where we were, how well we'd been playing. We had a chance in Houston [on Sunday] and started off in the first half horrible, but we made ourselves a one-possession game. Played pretty good all the way until about the last three minutes of this second quarter, and we [were] playing catch-up... We can't really dwell on it too much."

Dallas desperately needed this win, as this pushed them back ahead of the Lakers in the Western Conference standings. They're looking for any way to tread water without Luka Doncic and Kyrie Irving in the lineup possible, and they were able to do it on Tuesday night.

READ MORE: 3 Takeaways From Mavericks' Upset Win Over LA Lakers

Stick with MavericksGameday for more FREE coverage of the Dallas Mavericks throughout the 2024-25 Season

Follow MavericksGameday on Twitter and Austin Veazey on Twitter

More Dallas Mavericks News
Short-Handed Mavericks Break Losing Streak, Upset LeBron James, Lakers, 118-97
Mavericks' Kyrie Irving Expected to Miss 1-2 Weeks With Latest Injury
Luka Doncic Leaves Mavericks-Timberwolves Christmas Game With Non-Contact Injury
Key Maverick Expected To Miss Time After Suffering Injury Against Grizzlie
Published Jan 8, 2025
AUSTIN VEAZEY

Austin Veazey joined NoleGameday as the Lead Basketball Writer in 2019, while contributing as a football writer, and started as editor for MavericksGameday in 2024. Veazey was a Florida State Men’s Basketball Manager from 2016-2019. Follow Austin on Twitter at @EasyVeazeyNG

Follow EasyVeazeyNG

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/mavericks/news/it-sucks-lebron-james-sounds-off-dallas-mavericks-win-over-la-lakers-0125 
 ----- 
