NBA
Oklahoma City Thunder
Thunder forward Jalen Williams' do-it-all domination vs. Pelicans gets its flowers

Thunder head coach Mark Daigneault on Jalen Williams' 31-point performance in a 106-88 win against the Pelicans.

By 

Josue Pavon

Nov 14, 2024 at 10:59 AM ET

Jalen Williams’ season-high 31 points led the Oklahoma City Thunder to a 106-88 blowout win against the New Orleans Pelicans Wednesday night. The Chet Holmgren-less Thunder captured their tenth win of the regular season. However, Williams’ scoring was one of many ways he impacted winning, as head coach Mark Daigneault reminded reporters of Jalen’s productivity.

Prompted or not, Daigneault wouldn’t end his postgame press conference without letting everyone know.

“You guys haven’t asked about Dub yet, but that guy was everywhere tonight. Literally everywhere. There’s nothing on the court he didn’t do tonight,” Daigneault said. “He guarded the ball, he guarded the rim, he blocked the shots, he ran, he created plays. He made shots. He beat everybody down the floor on both ends. The energy that guy played with and competitiveness. So, when you have a guy like him out there doing that, it checks a lot of the boxes.”

Williams made 10-of-18 attempts, including 4-of-7 from deep. He also finished with seven assists, six rebounds, four steals, and two blocks to go with those 31 points. Shai Gilgeous-Alexander added 29 points, five assists, five rebounds, two steals, and two blocks.

After taking a four-point lead (54-50) into halftime, the Thunder held the Pelicans to 18 third-quarter points en route to outscoring the Pelicans by 14 points in the second half. Oklahoma City’s defense coerced its opponent into committing a whopping 23 turnovers.

Thunder adapts to small-ball philosophy without Chet Holmgren
Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
Related Oklahoma City Thunder News
Article continues below
Cavs make embarrassing Jalen Williams mistake in pregame intros
4h
Thunder’s Mark Daigneault gets 100% real about Cavs’ Jarrett Allen
14h
Thunder HC Mark Daigneault pinpoints major issue behind loss to Cavaliers
17h
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
17h

Oklahoma City Thunder forward Jalen Williams and head coach Mark Daigneault are never concerned about his team’s relentless competing style with or without Chet Holmgren. The Thunder’s small-ball philosophy ensures an all-hands-on-deck approach. It’s a challenge Williams welcomed the night of Holmgren’s injury in a 127-116 loss to the Golden State Warriors.

“It’s not the first time that we’ve done it,” Williams replied. “So, I’m looking forward to the challenge of that.”

After the Thunder drafted Holmgren second overall in the 2022 NBA Draft, he suffered a Lisfranc foot injury, which cost him his rookie campaign. Two years removed from missing an entire regular season, the Thunder are in a better position to succeed with experience, young talent, and one of the better defenses in the association.

“At the end of the day, it’s a next-man-up thing,” Williams added. “We can’t dwell on it for too long just cause, obviously, the game is going to keep going. Golden State’s not going to feel bad for us. They’re going to keep playing.”

The Thunder remain atop the Western Conference with a 10-2 record.

Josue Pavon is an Associate Editor and the Oklahoma City Thunder beat writer for ClutchPoints. Josue got his start as a credentialed media member writing about the Boston Celtics for WEEI.com. He grew into a local on-camera NBA reporter and podcast host for CLNS Media, where he is the co-host of the Cedric Maxwell podcast.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Thunder make two quick moves after humbling Celtics
3 days ago
Thunder guard Lu Dort’s honest admission on guarding Jaylen Brown
2 days ago
Thunder’s Chet Holmgen takes major step forward with injury rehab
21 hours ago
Celtics’ Jaylen Brown gets 100% real about Thunder after rare loss
3 days ago
Thunder vs. Cavaliers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
1 day ago
Celtics’ Kristaps Porzingis makes ‘stupid’ admission after Thunder loss
3 days ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
15 hours ago
Thunder’s Mark Daigneault gets 100% real about Cavs’ Jarrett Allen
12 hours ago
Derek Fisher gets real on regrets with Kevin Durant, Russell Westbrook’s Thunder
2 days ago
Thunder’s Shai Gilgeous-Alexander seemingly throws shade at Jaylen Brown
1 day ago
Thunder star Shai Gilgeous-Alexander’s blunt take on NBA status after Celtics takedown
3 days ago
NBA Power Rankings Week 11: Thunder controlling title pursuit amid historic win streak
3 days ago
Jalen Williams
Mark Daigneault
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/thunder-news-jalen-williams-domination-vs-pelicans-gets-flowers 
 ----- 
