Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
NBA
New Orleans Pelicans vs OKC Thunder Predicted Starting Lineups and Depth Chart for Nov. 13 | 2024-25 NBA Season
New Orleans Pelicans vs OKC Thunder Predicted Starting Lineups and Depth Chart for Nov. 13 | 2024-25 NBA Season
By
Avi Shravan
Modified Nov 14, 2024 01:50 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
New Orleans Pelicans vs OKC Thunder Predicted Starting Lineups and Depth Chart for Nov. 13 (Credits: IMAGN)

The New Orleans Pelicans will travel to the Paycom Center on Wednesday to take on the OKC Thunder. The Pelicans are coming off a struggling start to the new season. They have won only three of their 11 matchups and are on a five-game losing streak.

On the contrary, the Thunder (9-2) have looked strong since the 2024-25 season started. They are among the favorites to lift the Larry O'Brien Trophy. The Thunder's seven-game winning streak ended after the Nuggets defeated them 124-122 on Nov. 6.

However, OKC coach Mark Diagneault did not let the loss waver his players's determination, and they sprung back into winning mode. On Monday, their latest win came against the LA Clippers when Shai Gilgeous-Alexander's 45-point masterclass helped his team to a 134-128 victory.

Trending
New Orleans Pelicans vs. OKC Thunder Injury reports
New Orleans Pelicans injury report for Nov. 13.

The Pelicans will enter Wednesday night's matchup severely unmanned. Per ESPN, the Pels have six players sidelined: Jose Alvarado, Zion Williamson, Jordan Hawkins, Herbert Jones, CJ McCollum and Dejounte Murray.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Alvarado and Williamson are out with left hamstring strains, with Alvarado awaiting re-evaluation in three weeks and Williamson out indefinitely. Hawkins and Jones are out with low back and right shoulder strains, respectively. McCollum (right adductor strain) will be out for two to three weeks.

Expand Tweet

Blockbuster trade star Dejounte Murray underwent successful surgery last month and is expected to be out for four to six weeks.

OKC Thunder injury report for Nov. 13

The hosts of Wednesday night's matchup will be down four men. Per ESPN, Chet Holmgren, Jaylin Williams, Isaiah Hartenstien and Nikola Topic are sidelined. Holmgren suffered a right iliac hip fracture during Sunday's loss against the Warriors and is expected to return in eight to 10 weeks.

Williams is out with a hamstring injury, while Hartenstien is out with a nondisplaced fracture in his left hand. On the other hand, Topic is out for the entire season after undergoing an ACL procedure.

New Orleans Pelicans vs OKC Thunder starting lineups and depth charts
New Orleans Pelicans starting lineup and depth chart

The New Orleans Pelicans are understaffed for the game on Wednesday against a mighty opponent. Fans can expect Willie Green to experiment with the bench and rotation and use the best players available in the starting lineup. Here are the expected starting five for the Pelicans:

PG- Brandon Boston, SG- Brandon Ingram, SF- Trey Murphy, PF- Jeremiah Robinson-Earl and C- Yves Missi.

Here is a depth chart for the New Orleans Pelicans:

Position	Starter	2nd	3rd	4th
Point Guard	Jose Alvarado (Out)	Antonio Reeves	Jaylen Nowell	
Shooting Guard	Trey Murphy III	Jordan Hawkins (Out)	CJ McCollum (Out)	DeJounte Murray (Out)
Small Forward	Brandon Ingram	Herbert Jones (Out)	Javonte Green	
Power Forward	Zion Williamson (Out)	Javonte Green		
Center	Yves Missi	Jeremiah Robinson-Earl	Daniel Theis	Trey Jemison III
OKC Thunder starting lineup and depth chart

The OKC Thunder should stick with their core rotation without their leading big man, Chet Holmgren. The fans can expect Daigneault to play Jalen Williams in the standard number 5 position while keeping the rest of the lineup the same as before. Here are the expected starting five for the Thunder:

PG- Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, SG- Isaiah Joe, SF- Luguentz Dort, PF- Aaron Wiggins and C- Jalen Williams

Here is a depth chart for the OKC Thunder:

Starters	2nd	3rd
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander	Alex Ducas	Ajay Mitchell
Lu Dort	Ousmane Dieng	Cason Wallace
Aaron Wiggins	Alex Caruso	
Jalen Williams	Dillon Jones	Malevy Leons
Isaiah Joe

OKC Thunder Fan? Check out the latest OKC Thunder depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA Oklahoma City Thunder New Orleans Pelicans Brandon Ingram Shai Gilgeous-Alexander NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Eastern Conference NBA Western Conference
Edited by William Paul
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/new-orleans-pelicans-vs-okc-thunder-predicted-starting-lineups-depth-chart-nov-13-2024-25-nba-season 
 ----- 
