Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Jalen Williams leads Thunder rout of Pelicans as OKC matches best start since 2011-12
Gannett
JOEL LORENZI, THE OKLAHOMAN
November 13, 2024 at 11:34 PM

It was already enough that the Thunder’s entire center rotation is sidelined for the foreseeable future.

But its back-up, break-the-glass big man in Alex Caruso, too? Brutal.

And yet, against the injury-riddled Pelicans, who’ve had similarly rough fortune, it didn’t matter. OKC still ran their pockets in a 106-88 win to improve to 10-2, matching its best start since the 2011-12 season.

Granted, injury-riddled is an understatement. A printed version of New Orleans’ roster comes with a complimentary cast. Most of its competent guards — including CJ McCollum and Dejounte Murray — watched Wednesday night’s game in street clothes.

But the Thunder has been tasked with resembling the shape of its No. 1 defense, disruptive and annoying, without its two best defenders: center Chet Holmgren and Caruso, who missed Wednesday with hip soreness.

“It just makes us play harder because we know what we’re missing,” forward Jalen Williams said of Caruso’s absence.

The Thunder will send a get-well card to its rim protection. But its disruption, its activity, its outright thievery in the lanes? That never left.

OKC forced 23 turnovers, perhaps the only digestible antidote to getting outrebounded by 27. It outscored the Pelicans 34-2 in fastbreak points. New Orleans made just one of its five opportunities. The Thunder almost ran suicides more than it ran halfcourt offense.

Brandon Boston Jr. and Brandon Ingram were tasked with some level of running New Orleans’ offense. Each of them was beaten and stolen from until their games were unrecognizable.

Ingram had eight turnovers and went 7 for 18 from the field. Boston had six turnovers, going 3 for 10. Sophomore guard Cason Wallace, who had five steals, seemingly stripped a bit of their talent with every touch.

“Obviously we’re playing smaller right now, and we want to be a team that can offset our vulnerabilities with our strengths,” coach Mark Daigneault said. “ I think sometimes you get tempted, from a coaching standpoint, to focus on all the things that are going wrong. But sometimes the solution is to do your best stuff better.”

Players that hardly resemble centers rotated near the rim. They polluted passing lanes. A New Orleans offensive rebound called for a three-man escort, with at least one of OKC’s defenders coming away with the ball more often than not.

The Thunder defense was so frantic that its new center-in-charge, Jalen Williams, even did his best Holmgren impression midway through the third quarter: he swatted back-to-back shots and got fouled on the other end, a blur of a sequence on a night when he had 31 points, six rebounds, seven assists and four steals.

The hollowed unit did that side of the ball so well — perhaps just as well as the lineup to start the season — that it begged the question of how high the Thunder can float during this non-big stretch.

Disruption (and turnovers) remain the brand, even if small and feisty are the most predictable things OKC can be right now. Even with the team’s defensive anchor out. And his backup. And the guy behind him. And the…

Well, you get it.

Williams shows up "everywhere" 

Even after winning a jump ball, Williams won’t reveal his pseudo-center secrets.

He promised Monday to unveil the advice that actual center Jaylin Williams gave him should he get a win. When the time came, forward Aaron Wiggins sat beside him and gave him a nudge.

“The higher-ups told me not to say,” Williams joked. “But — this is pretty obvious — it’s like a timing thing. … I don’t know. My arms are long. That’s really all it was.”

Just know that Williams, jumping center for a second night in a row and spending more time at the five than ever, was equipped. With a spider-like wingspan. With the palpable fire of a big man. With the tricks of the trade.

He dashed up the floor, caught lobs, stepped into 3s — so much motion that he’d almost distracted the Pelicans from the position he was playing.

“That guy was everywhere tonight,” Daigneault said. “Literally, everywhere.”

He’d had peculiar stretches this season. Where Williams’ old spots seemed hidden to his vision, where his handle might not have been able to get there.

But Williams, the center, was sufficient. And Williams, the off-ball player who the Thunder gravely need these days, was a star.

He made 10 of his 18 shots, as well as four of his seven 3-point attempts.

His successive blocks were stunning. In part because he’d reached his 7-foot-2 wingspan beyond the rim, then managed to get back in the play for more. But mostly because, in that moment, he looked the part of what the Thunder can only hope for over these next several weeks.

The do-it-all, send-it-back, scream-in-your-face wing that has to carry weight unprecedented for his young career. He is, after all, the starting center in a lineup of guards and wings — none allegedly taller than 6-foot-6.

“I’m probably taller than (Williams),” Shai Gilgeous-Alexander said, “but I know he doesn’t probably like that, so (Williams) can be the tallest.”

On Wednesday, there was no doubt. Williams stood tallest.

Injury report — just not from Mark Daigneault

Mark Daigneault isn’t giving out injury update statuses. Or money, apparently.

Asked for an update on Caruso, Daigneault nipped in the bud. He’ll refer to the team published updates, which run with injury reports released to the NBA.

“I really would love to sit up here and give you guys all the details that I have, but the league has made it very clear that you get punished for talking about injuries,” Daigneault said. “… I'd love to give you the information. I'm not revolting against the freedom of the press. However, our money is valuable to us."

Daigneault didn’t have any update on Isaiah Hartenstein, but for what it’s worth, Hartenstein was seen at Wednesday’s without the glove/brace he’d been wearing.

Inside the box score

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander: 29 points on 12-for-25 shooting, five rebounds and five assists

Ajay Mitchell: 6 points, two rebounds, three assists and tied for a team-high plus-18.

More: Thunder will miss Chet Holmgren, but positionless basketball where team is best | Mussatto

Thunder vs. Pelicans live score updates

More: NBA journeyman Jeff Green still cherishes 'fun' times during early days with OKC Thunder

What time is Thunder vs. Pelicans

Date: Wednesday, Nov. 13

Time: 6:30 p.m. CT

Where: Paycom Center in Oklahoma City

More: NBA players express concern after ex-Thunder player Kyle Singler's social media post

What channel is OKC Thunder vs New Orleans Pelicans on today?

TV: FanDuel Sports Network, ESPN

How to watch online: Fubo (free trial)

Radio: WWLS 98.1FM

More: After Chet Holmgren injury, how will OKC Thunder handle frontcourt? Welcome to Smallville

Thunder vs. Pelicans odds

Odds courtesy of via BetMGM as of Wednesday, Nov. 13

Odds: Thunder by 14.5

Over/under: 223.5

Moneyline: OKC -1200 | New Orleans +725

More: How OKC Thunder roster construction was built to protect the king: Shai Gilgeous-Alexander

OKC Thunder roster

Alex Caruso, PG

Ousmane Dieng, SF

Luguentz Dort, SG

Alex Ducas, SG *

Adam Flagler, PG

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, SG

Isaiah Hartenstein, C

Chet Holmgren, PF

Isaiah Joe, SG

Dillon Jones, SF

Ajay Mitchell, SG *

Alex Reese, PF

Nikola Topić, PG

Cason Wallace, SG

Aaron Wiggins, SG

Jalen Williams, SG

Jaylin Williams, PF

Kenrich Williams, PF

*-two-way contract

More: What will new OKC Thunder arena look like? Why architect David Manica isn't sure yet

OKC Thunder schedule

Wednesday, Nov. 13: vs. New Orleans at 6:30 p.m. (FanDuel Sports Network and ESPN)

Friday, Nov. 15 (NBA Cup game): vs. Phoenix at 7 p.m. (FanDuel Sports Network)

Sunday, Nov. 17: vs. Dallas at 6 p.m. (FanDuel Sports Network)

Tuesday, Nov. 19 (NBA Cup game): at San Antonio at 8:30 p.m. (TNT)

Wednesday, Nov. 20: vs. Portland at 7 p.m. (FanDuel Sports Network)

More: OKC Thunder bold predictions: What will Chet Holmgren, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander do?

Thunder vs. Pelicans highlights

Tweets by okcthunder

We occasionally recommend interesting products and services. If you make a purchase by clicking one of the links, we may earn an affiliate fee. USA TODAY Network newsrooms operate independently, and this doesn’t influence our coverage.

This article originally appeared on Oklahoman: Thunder routs Pelicans as OKC matches best start since 2011-12

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
Harper's Bazaar
Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry release statement on LA wildfires
People
Mandy Moore reveals 'main part' of home 'still standing,' shares photos of destructio…
Finance
Yahoo Finance
Energy stocks take 'early lead' in 2025 as natural gas shines
USA TODAY
JCPenney merges with Forever 21's parent company Sparc Group to create new entity
Food
Food & Wine
The 6 best nonalcoholic spirits including alternatives for gin, tequila, and mezcal
Delish
Our pepper steak is the surefire stir-fry that's infinitely adaptable
Lighter Side
Good Morning America
Los Angeles restaurants, chefs, food trucks help serve relief to fire victims, evacue…
Town & Country
Jimmy Carter's Georgia ranch house will be turned into a museum
News
Good Morning America
Iconic landmarks lost and damaged by raging Los Angeles fires
Reuters
As Panama remembers bloody past, a message for Trump: the canal is ours
Weather
CBS News
How to help victims of Southern California wildfires
CBS News
How contained are the Los Angeles fires, including the Palisades fire?

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Utah Privacy Notice
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/thunder-vs-pelicans-live-score-004050299.html 
 ----- 
