Skip to main content
24/7
 Help
Sign in
Jalen Williams showing up 'everywhere' for OKC Thunder as centers battle injuries
Gannett
JOEL LORENZI, THE OKLAHOMAN
November 14, 2024 at 3:52 PM

Even after winning a jump ball, Jalen Williams won’t reveal his pseudo-center secrets.

He promised Monday to unveil the advice that actual center Jaylin Williams gave him should he get a win. When the time came, forward Aaron Wiggins sat beside him and gave him a nudge.

“The higher-ups told me not to say,” Jalen Williams joked. “But — this is pretty obvious — it’s like a timing thing. … I don’t know. My arms are long. That’s really all it was.”

Just know that Williams, jumping center for a second night in a row and spending more time at the five than ever, was equipped. With a spider-like wingspan. With the palpable fire of a big man. With the tricks of the trade.

He dashed up the floor, caught lobs, stepped into 3s — so much motion that he’d almost distracted the Pelicans from the position he was playing.

“That guy was everywhere tonight,” Thunder coach Mark Daigneault said after a 106-88 win Wednesday night over the Pelicans. “Literally, everywhere.”

More: NBA journeyman Jeff Green still cherishes 'fun' times during early days with OKC Thunder

Oklahoma City Thunder forward Jalen Williams (8) celebrates in front of Oklahoma City Thunder guard Ajay Mitchell (25) after a dunk during an NBA basketball game between the Oklahoma City Thunder and the New Orleans Pelicans at Paycom Center in Oklahoma City, Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2024.

He’d had peculiar stretches this season. Where Williams’ old spots seemed hidden to his vision, where his handle might not have been able to get there.

But Williams, the center, was sufficient. And Williams, the off-ball player who the Thunder gravely need these days with Chet Holmgren and Isaiah Hartenstein injured, was a star.

He made 10 of his 18 shots, as well as four of his seven 3-point attempts, en route to a game-high 31 points against New Orleans.

His successive blocks were stunning. In part because he’d reached his 7-foot-2 wingspan beyond the rim, then managed to get back in the play for more. But mostly because, in that moment, he looked the part of what the Thunder can only hope for over these next several weeks.

The do-it-all, send-it-back, scream-in-your-face wing that has to carry weight unprecedented for his young career. He is, after all, the starting center in a lineup of guards and wings — none allegedly taller than 6-foot-6.

“I’m probably taller than (Williams),” Shai Gilgeous-Alexander said, “but I know he doesn’t probably like that, so (Williams) can be the tallest.”

On Wednesday, there was no doubt. Williams stood tallest.

More: When will Thunder games stream on Prime? What to know about Amazon-Diamond Sports deal

This article originally appeared on Oklahoman: How Jalen Williams shows up 'everywhere' for OKC Thunder

Show comments
Holiday Shopping Guides

AOL

Ready to file your taxes? You can get TurboTax for 30% off on Amazon today

AOL

Old Navy's Break a Sweat Sale has activewear from $2 — shop our top picks here

AOL

AOL reviewed: This smart humidifier helps me sleep better in the dry winter months
See all deals
In Other News
Entertainment
Harper's Bazaar
Duchess Meghan and Prince Harry release statement on LA wildfires
People
Mandy Moore reveals 'main part' of home 'still standing,' shares photos of destructio…
Finance
Yahoo Finance
Energy stocks take 'early lead' in 2025 as natural gas shines
USA TODAY
JCPenney merges with Forever 21's parent company Sparc Group to create new entity
Food
Food & Wine
The 6 best nonalcoholic spirits including alternatives for gin, tequila, and mezcal
Delish
Our pepper steak is the surefire stir-fry that's infinitely adaptable
Lighter Side
Good Morning America
Los Angeles restaurants, chefs, food trucks help serve relief to fire victims, evacue…
Town & Country
Jimmy Carter's Georgia ranch house will be turned into a museum
News
Good Morning America
Iconic landmarks lost and damaged by raging Los Angeles fires
Reuters
As Panama remembers bloody past, a message for Trump: the canal is ours
Weather
Fox Weather
Deaths from California wildfires expected to increase as fires continue to devastate …
Fox Weather
La Nina climate pattern officially arrives and is expected to persist through winter

Advertisement

Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Related articles
Show comments
Feedback
Help
Join AOL
Accessibility
EU Digital Services Act
Terms and Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Utah Privacy Notice
About Us
About Our Ads
Advertising
Licensing
Sitemap
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aol.com/jalen-williams-showing-everywhere-okc-225243684.html 
 ----- 
