MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
MLB All-30: We name each team’s most impressive rookie for the 2023 season
Rustin Dodd
Sep 13, 2023

121

As the season winds down, The Athletic is taking stock of the year that was: the top performances, the superlatives, and the players who made an impact.

This week we’re looking at the top rookies from each club. Some teams, like the Diamondbacks and Orioles, have a genuine star. Others, like the Reds, debuted several impact players.

Here’s our look at the rookie class. Statistics cited below were current entering Tuesday.

Arizona Diamondbacks

Corbin Carroll, RF/CF

The alphabetical nature of this list means that arguably the best rookie in baseball is leading off. In fact, we may not need to use the word arguably. Carroll has been that good, producing a season that lived up to the immense hype that followed him all offseason. Carroll entered the week with a 137 wRC+ and 5.4 WAR, according to FanGraphs.

Atlanta Braves

Jared Shuster, LHP

For once, the Braves don’t have a rookie worth talking about. That’s what happens when your lineup is stocked with homegrown stars having career seasons. There’s not a lot of room on the roster. Shuster, 25, has made 10 starts and logged an ERA over 5. It’s not much, but the innings are valuable in the aggregate.

Baltimore Orioles

Gunnar Henderson, 3B

The consensus favorite to win AL Rookie of the Year, Henderson could finish with more than 25 homers, a wRC+ north of 120 — and, per Baseball-Reference’s formula, more than 5 WAR. What makes the performance all the more impressive is his slow start. It took him a while to get going, but once he did, he looked like the player considered one of the best prospects in the sport, putting up an .867 OPS from the start of June to the end of August.

	Triston Casas rounds the bases earlier this season after a homer at Truist Park. (Dale Zanine / USA Today)
Boston Red Sox

Triston Casas, 1B

Casas, who debuted last September, hit .348 with seven home runs in 21 games in July, winning AL Rookie of the Month honors. He followed that up with a .918 OPS in August. And he’s continued to rake this month. He’s outpaced Masataka Yoshida at the plate and in WAR, and as of Monday, he had 14 home runs away from Fenway Park. Only three Red Sox rookies have hit more road homers: Nomar Garciaparra (19); Ted Williams (17); and George Scott (16).

Chicago Cubs

Javier Assad, RHP

Assad, 26, grew up in Mexico and the Cubs scouted and signed him in 2015. Five years later, he still hadn’t progressed past A-ball. But after debuting last season, he’s added velocity and staked his claim as a do-everything swingman who, at times, can be a valuable member of the rotation. He has a 2.83 ERA in 92 ⅓ innings, including eight starts. In two seasons, he’s consistently out-performed his advanced metrics, helping push the Cubs toward a playoff berth.

Chicago White Sox

Gregory Santos, RHP

Santos made five appearances for the Giants in 2021 and 2022, but he retained his rookie status and established himself as a big-league reliever in 2023, using a 97 mph fastball to log a 3.09 ERA in 64 innings. He started to fade performance-wise in August — and he committed a game-ending balk earlier this month — but he has bounced back somewhat in September, having yet to permit an earned run.

Cincinnati Reds

Spencer Steer, Util.

Steer has started at five different positions while putting together one of the best offensive seasons among all rookies. He’s top 10 among rookies in homers (20) and runs and first in RBIs (78). A former third-round pick of the Minnesota Twins, Steer moved to the Reds last summer, along with Christian Encarnacion-Strand, in exchange for Tyler Mahle.

	Aside from a June swoon, Tanner Bibee has enjoyed a steady rookie season. (Ken Blaze / USA Today)
Cleveland Guardians

Tanner Bibee, RHP

Cleveland selected Bibee, 24, in the fifth round out of Cal State Fullerton in 2021. Here’s his month-by-month performance during his rookie season:

March/April: 1 start, 1.59 ERA
May: 5 starts, 3.14 ERA
June: 5 starts, 5.04 ERA
July: 5 starts, 1.78 ERA
August: 6 starts, 2.83 ERA
September: 2 starts, 3.00 ERA

The Cleveland pitching machine chugs onward.

Colorado Rockies

Nolan Jones, OF/1B

Jones has emerged this summer in Colorado, clubbing 15 homers and getting on base at a healthy .360 clip. He’s also showcased a big arm and some athleticism, stealing 13 bases in 15 attempts. It’s been a pleasant storyline for the Rockies, who acquired Jones last offseason from the Guardians in exchange for minor-leaguer Juan Brito. Jones has always displayed promising batted-ball numbers when making contact, but he’s also been prone to swing and miss. He does have 109 strikeouts in just more than a half season, but he’s managed to draw 36 walks and produce enough power to be a productive hitter.

Detroit Tigers

Tyler Holton, LHP

In his first season in Detroit, Holton has been a steady and consistent presence in the ‘pen, racking up 73 2/3 innings while posting a 2.20 ERA and a 3.41 FIP. The fact there’s not much to add is on brand for Holton, who has flown under the radar all year.

Houston Astros

Hunter Brown, RHP

Brown may not be a member of the Astros’ postseason rotation. Since the start of August, he has an ERA above 7, and he’s been even worse in September, with his ERA spiking to 4.78. But as a rookie starter he’s made 26 starts overall for an Astros team that sits in first place in the AL West.

Kansas City Royals

Maikel Garcia, 3B/SS

​​Garcia, 23, debuted earlier this season and immediately showcased his player profile: He is a sterling defender with a developing bat, and one of the primary questions is whether he’ll be able to access more of the pop he shows occasionally. He could conceivably play shortstop if the Royals did not have Bobby Witt Jr., but he’s been a valuable defender at third base as well.

Los Angeles Angels

Zach Neto, SS

Neto has returned. He was activated this past weekend after missing time for lower-back inflammation. That came after he previously missed a month because of an oblique strain. The injuries have limited Neto to just 68 games entering Tuesday, but the former first-round pick has shown some promise, and is still just 22. He posted a 93 OPS+ while being worth 1.4 WAR in less than a half season.

Los Angeles Dodgers

James Outman, CF

The latest product of the Dodgers’ player development system, Outman, 26, entered Tuesday on the verge of 20 home runs, with 15 steals and an OPS well above league average. A seventh-round pick in 2018, Outman has helped lengthen a lineup heavily reliant on MVP candidates Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman.

	At age 20, Eury Pérez emerged on the scene for the Marlins. (Andy Lyons/Getty Images)
Miami Marlins

Eury Pérez, RHP

Pérez, who turned 20 in April, has the second lowest ERA in baseball among pitchers with at least 80 innings, trailing only fellow rookie Javier Assad. He’s struck out more than a batter per inning across 17 starts.

Milwaukee Brewers

Sal Frelick, OF

On Sunday, Frelick made one of the best catches of the year, preserving a no-hitter against the Yankees in the 10th inning in New York. The Brewers ultimately lost the no-hit bid and the game, but the moment added to what has been a solid rookie debut for the 23-year-old. He’s managed to be worth 1.2 bWAR in 40 games since joining the Brewers in late July.

Minnesota Twins

Royce Lewis, 3B/SS

One of the best comeback stories in the sport, Lewis, the former No. 1 overall pick, came back from a second ACL injury and put up a .900 OPS in his first 50 games this season. Debuting on May 29, he’s been exactly what the Twins have needed, and the only hiccup came in the form of an oblique injury that wiped out his July. All the same, he hit five homers in 14 games in August as the Twins pulled away from the Guardians in the AL Central race.

New York Mets

Francisco Álvarez, C

One of the top prospects in baseball before the season, Álvarez has slashed .215/.292/.435 with 22 homers in 108 games. The defensive metrics have been good to very good. He’s still just 21 years old.

New York Yankees

Anthony Volpe, SS

Perhaps it’s all a matter of expectations. Volpe has 20 home runs and he’s been worth more than 3.0 WAR, according to Baseball-Reference. But his debut hasn’t quite measured up to the hype, although the Yankees’ performance as a whole hasn’t been a help on that front. The numbers are somewhat reminiscent of the rookie season of Bobby Witt Jr., who struggled to get on base his first year before breaking out in 2023. Maybe that breakout awaits Volpe in 2024.

	Ryan Noda homers against the Blue Jays. (Lachlan Cunningham / Getty Images)
Oakland A’s

Ryan Noda, 1B

There haven’t been many good stories in Oakland this year, but Noda, a 27-year-old who was originally drafted by the Blue Jays in the 15th round in 2017, has been one of them. First off, he keeps hitting home runs. He has 15 in 110 games, missing a month in July and August because of a fractured jaw. Overall he’s logged an .808 OPS while being a valuable player.

Philadelphia Phillies

Johan Rojas, CF

There aren’t many choices in Philadelphia, but Rojas, 23, has played elite defense in center field in his limited action, and has been worth 1.7 WAR per Baseball-Reference.

Pittsburgh Pirates

Carmen Mlodzinski, RHP

Mlodzinksi was a first-round pick out of South Carolina in 2020 and debuted on June 16. In just 27 ⅓ innings, he’s logged a 2.30 ERA while striking out 25 hitters.

San Diego Padres

Tom Cosgrove, LHP

The pickings are fairly slim but we’re going with Cosgrove, a funk-throwing lefty and rare homegrown Padres player. The 26-year-old is also the rare big leaguer from Manhattan College. He has a 1.43 ERA and 38 strikeouts in 44 innings.

Seattle Mariners

Bryce Miller, RHP

The Mariners keep producing young starting pitchers, and Miller joined the cast in May, posting a 4.05 ERA across his first 22 starts. He was a fourth-round pick in 2021, and has been the club’s fourth best starting pitcher behind Luis Castillo, George Kirby and Logan Gilbert.

Tampa Bay Rays

Kevin Kelly, RHP

The Rays acquired Kelly, 25, from the Rockies last winter in exchange for cash. He was a former 19th-round pick in 2029. Tampa Bay technically is his third team. Naturally, he has a 3.22 ERA in 58 ⅔ innings in his rookie season.

Texas Rangers

Josh Jung, 3B

Jung, a former first-round pick, made the AL All-Star team this season after appearing in 26 games last year. He has 22 homers, 24 doubles and an .813 OPS. He would likely be a favorite for AL Rookie of the Year if not for Baltimore’s Gunnar Henderson, who is outpacing him in both fWAR and bWAR.

Toronto Blue Jays

Davis Schneider, 2B/Util.

The legend of Davis Schneider is coming to a ballpark near you. In his first 24 games since debuting on Aug. 4, Schneider has slashed .364/.500/.779, hitting seven homers and posting a 247 OPS+. It is, amazingly, one of the best small-sample starts in major-league history, a cult-hero performance that could help the Blue Jays into the postseason. And it’s all the more incredible because Schneider is a former 28th-round pick (2017) who didn’t reach Double A until late in 2022.

	Jordan Walker. (Ron Jenkins/Getty Images)
St. Louis Cardinals

Jordan Walker, OF

The most promising thing about Walker’s season might be his age. He does not turn 22 until next May. Put in that context, his numbers this season look more impressive: 15 homers, 16 doubles, .785 OPS in fewer than 100 games. Walker’s defense remains a question, and it’s tamping down his overall value. But he has some time to polish those skills — or find a new position.

San Francisco Giants

Patrick Bailey, C

Bailey, 24, started off white-hot in May and June before tailing off. He’s crushed left-handed pitching all year, posting a .895 OPS. He recently hit the seven-day concussion injured list. But when viewed from 30,000 feet, Bailey has been worth 1.5 WAR while playing close to a half season, in part because he is second in all of baseball in Statcast’s Fielding Run Value. His future appears promising.

Washington Nationals

Jake Irvin, RHP

Irvin, 26, debuted in May and proceeded to piece together a solid rookie campaign, recording a 4.20 ERA across 22 starts. His peripheral numbers aren’t quite as spectacular; he’s striking out seven batters per nine and his FIP is hovering above 5.00. But he’s been a league average starter for a long stretch. That’s valuable.

(Top photo of Corbin Carroll, James Outman and Gunnar Henderson: Brace Hemmelgarn, Ronald Martinez, Mitchell Layton / Minnesota Twins, Getty Images)

Rustin Dodd is a senior writer for The Athletic, covering the intersection of sports, leadership and personal growth. He joined The Athletic in 2018 after nine years at The Kansas City Star. Follow Rustin on Twitter @rustindodd

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4858022/2023/09/13/mlb-all-30-best-rookies-2023/ 
 ----- 
