Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  American League  /  AL Central  /  Chicago White Sox
Luis Robert Jr, a Shining Star on a Diminishing Team
By Brooks Thomason
Photo by Nuccio DiNuzzo/Getty Images
Category Chicago White Sox
September 13, 2023

Chicago White Sox outfielder Luis Robert Jr. is having a monstrous 2023 campaign, which has flown under the radar of many baseball fans due to the unfortunate record of the White Sox. Currently fourth in the AL Central, the White Sox have massively underperformed the hopeful Wild Card push they achieved two seasons ago. In 2022, the White Sox finished perfectly .500 with an 81–81 record. The 2021 campaign saw Luis Robert play 68 games as a 24-year-old, achieving a batting average of .338 and participating in an AL Central division title with the White Sox. In 2022, the White Sox didn’t have the year they wanted, and Robert Jr. hit .284 in 98 games. Luis Robert Jr., who finished second in ROY and a gold glove winner in 2020, was due for a breakout year.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications
High Hopes for the White Sox

After a disappointing 2022 season, the Windy City faithful hoped for a better season in 2023. Their Over/Under win total was 83.5, and ESPN projected the Sox to finish 83–79 with new management from Pedro Grifol. Unfortunately, new White Sox Projections by FanGraphs predict the South Siders to finish 64–98. That is an almost 20-game drop off from their season projection. Although the White Sox are having an abhorrent season, one name has shined in the dumpster fire of a season.

A Star is Born

In contrast to many young names the White Sox had high hopes for, Luis Robert Jr. is the star that blossomed. Firstly, Luis Robert’s batting average may be only .270, but his power has massively improved. Robert is tied for 15th in oWAR, and 14th in total WAR. His HR% has jumped from 3.0% to 6.3% this year and improved his walk percentage from 4.2% to 5.2%. Robert has improved his OBP, SLG, and OPS from a year before, and received his first All-Star Game nod in 2023. His improvement on fastballs this year has helped him improve to a .300 hitter on the fastballs. He hit 18 out of 35 home runs on the fastball. If Robert can improve this back to his 2022 numbers, he has a good shot for MVP Honors.

Defensive Cover

Robert Jr. made excellent offensive progression. He has also kept his defensive game as one of the top outfielders in the AL. He is currently ranked 12th in total Outs Above Average (OAA), and tied for first in total OAA for a center fielder. Furthermore, Luis Robert is eighth in runs prevented and tied for first by a centerfielder in runs prevented. Robert ranks in the 98th percentile in OAA, and above average in arm value and arm strength. He ranks second out of all center fielders in fielding according to StatCast, with first going to Brenton Doyle. The 26-year-old also leads all outfielders in putouts, ranks second in assists, and second in double plays turned as a center fielder.

MVP Showing

As almost all baseball fans know, Shohei Ohtani is the runaway MVP in the American League. Luis Robert is having a great season, himself. Behind Shohei Ohtani, Corey Seager, and Kyle Tucker. However, the White Sox are in rebuild mode. At the deadline, selling was the priority for the struggling White Sox. Luis Robert Jr. is an MVP candidate on a poor team. With his contract signed through 2025, it will be interesting to see if a team makes a play for a high-priced MVP candidate. The Cuban native could also pursue Free Agency.

 

More Chicago White Sox Articles
Article navigation
← Tigers Clinch Playoffs, Hand White Sox Most Losses in Modern Era
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Reliever Roundup and Bullpen Bonanza — Week 23 (Sep 11 to Sep 17) Team Rankings
Max Scherzer to Miss Remainder of Season →
 
Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Category Chicago White Sox
Tags 2023 Chicago White Sox Brenton Doyle Corey Seager Kyle Tucker Luis Robert Shohei Ohtani
Share "Luis Robert Jr, a Shining Star on a Diminishing Team" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More Chicago White Sox News
White Sox Part Ways with Manager Pedro Grifol
Chicago White Sox
Orioles Add Another Hitter in Eloy Jiménez
Chicago White Sox
White Sox Reportedly Hire Will Venable as Manager
Chicago White Sox
Tigers Clinch Playoffs, Hand White Sox Most Losses
Chicago White Sox
White Sox Part Ways with Manager Pedro Grifol
Chicago White Sox
Orioles Add Another Hitter in Eloy Jiménez
Chicago White Sox
White Sox Reportedly Hire Will Venable as Manager
Chicago White Sox
Tigers Clinch Playoffs, Hand White Sox Most Losses
Chicago White Sox
Brooks Thomason

As a up and coming writer, Brooks has been born and raised as an Atlanta Braves fan. Going through the years of Jason Heyward, Justin Upton, and Brian McCann as a kid, to Freddie Freeman, and Acuña, Brooks has seen Braves stars come and go. However, his fandom always remains with Braves Country.

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com

Welcome to sportrelay.com

sportrelay.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/09/13/luis-robert-jr-shining-star/ 
 ----- 
