Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  American League  /  AL West  /  Oakland Athletics
Shea Langeliers’ Hot Summer Continues
By Andrew Gray
Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images
Category Oakland Athletics
September 13, 2023

With the dog days of summer winding down, the Oakland Athletics youth movement has come to the fore front. There have been great performances this season from young talent like Zack Gelof, Esteury Ruiz, and Lawrence Butler offensively. Those have been matched by impressive progression from JP Sears, Ken Waldichuk, and Mason Miller on the mound. It is easy to be unaware of the last 30 days from an unexpected source. With that said, Athletics catcher Shea Langeliers‘ hot summer has continued into September.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications
Langeliers Shines on Defense

Embed from Getty Images

The Athletics backstop has yet to find consistency at the plate in his two years in the big leagues. Yet, his biggest role on the team is to be a consistent face in the ever-rotating A’s pitching staff. His consistent presence behind the plate plays a huge role in the success of the young pitchers on the staff. His biggest asset defensively is his ability to control the running game. Langeliers leads the league in runners caught stealing with 18. He is second in pop time at 1.88. He trails Philadelphia Phillies catcher J.T. Realmuto in that category at 1.84.

There was never a doubt about Langeliers presence, and abilities behind the plate. He was originally a first round pick, ninth overall, by the Atlanta Braves in 2019. From there, Langeliers quickly became the the No. 1 prospect for the Braves before being traded to the Athletics in the deal involving Matt Olson. What has taken time to develop has been Langeliers’ consistency on the offensive side of the game. Just like the A’s offense, he has started to heat up towards the end of the 2023 season. This has given hope to A’s fans that he can continue this streak and take it into the 2024 season.

Shea Langeliers Hot Summer Continues

Coming into August, Langeliers was slashing .202/.264/.366, leaving a lot to be desired at the plate. In those first four months, he had 10 home runs, 35 RBI, and 14 doubles. For most of the season, he had the lowest on base percentage of any qualified hitter in baseball. Of course his value is mostly defensive, but for his long term aspirations in baseball, he needed to start being more consistent at getting on base.

Since August, Langeliers has really started to see the ball. August was a break out month for the young backstop. In that month, Shea slashed .232/.303/.507 with six home runs and 12 RBI. The biggest difference in his game in August were his seven walks. Highest of any month for him other than May when he walked nine times. He would draw a quarter of his walks for the entire season in the month of August. He is finally starting to show the progression with his eye that the organization has been waiting to see.

His last 30 days have been his best stretch of baseball all season long. Over those 30 games, Langeliers is slashing .232/.293/.580, giving him a .873 OPS. In those 30 days, he has three doubles, seven home runs, and 15 RBI. Nearly half of his home runs and a third of his RBI on the season have come in the last 30 days. This is a trend which A’s fans and the organization hope can start to take hold and Langeliers can flourish into the star many thought he would become.

More Oakland Athletics Articles
Article navigation
← Rangers Grab Another Walk-Off Win over Athletics
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Max Scherzer to Miss Remainder of Season
The Arizona Diamondbacks Bullpen Has Been Tops in the NL in September →
 

 

Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Category Oakland Athletics
Tags 2023 MLB Season Esteury Ruiz JP Sears JT Realmuto Ken Waldichuk Lawrence Butler Mason Miller Matt Olson Zack Gelof
Share "Shea Langeliers’ Hot Summer Continues" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More Oakland Athletics News
Rangers Walk it Off against Athletics
Oakland Athletics
Rangers Fall to Athletics in Series Opener
Oakland Athletics
Rickey Henderson, Hall of Famer and Stolen Base Ki
Oakland Athletics
Rangers Grab Another Walk-Off Win over Athletics
Oakland Athletics
Rangers Walk it Off against Athletics
Oakland Athletics
Rangers Fall to Athletics in Series Opener
Oakland Athletics
Rickey Henderson, Hall of Famer and Stolen Base Ki
Oakland Athletics
Rangers Grab Another Walk-Off Win over Athletics
Oakland Athletics
Andrew Gray

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com

Welcome to sportrelay.com

sportrelay.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/09/13/shea-langeliers-hot-summer/ 
 ----- 
