Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
New York Mets Make All Sorts of History in Near No-Hitter Turned Victory on Wednesday
The New York Mets were no-hit for eight innings on Wednesday before exploding to beat the Toronto Blue Jays in historic fashion.
Brady Farkas | Sep 12, 2024
New York Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor (12) runs the bases after hitting a home run against the Toronto Blue Jays during the ninth inning at Rogers Centre on Sept 11. / Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images
In this story:
New York Mets

The New York Mets beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6-2 on Wednesday afternoon but the final score doesn't tell the story.

The Mets were no-hit for eight innings by Bowden Francis before exploding for six runs in the top of the ninth inning. Francisco Lindor broke up the no-hitter with a home run to start the ninth and the Mets didn't stop there.

With the win, New York is 80-66 on the season. They are 1.0 game up on the Atlanta Braves for the third and final wild card spot in the National League with 16 games to play.

The Mets victory made history on multiple fronts as well, according to Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

The Mets’ 6 runs are the most 9th inning runs scored by a team who did not have any hits through 8 innings in the expansion era (since 1961)

prior most: 5 runs by the Athletics on 7/15/1974 at Orioles

h/t @EliasSports

The Mets’ 6 runs are the most 9th inning runs scored by a team who did not have any hits through 8 innings in the expansion era (since 1961)

prior most: 5 runs by the Athletics on 7/15/1974 at Orioles

h/t @EliasSports https://t.co/eWppowio0A

— Sarah Langs (@SlangsOnSports) September 11, 2024

And this one, also from Langs:

the Mets have 5 wins after being no-hit through 8 innings in franchise history

that's the most such wins for any team in the expansion era (since 1961)

h/t @EliasSports

the Mets have 5 wins after being no-hit through 8 innings in franchise history

that's the most such wins for any team in the expansion era (since 1961)

h/t @EliasSports https://t.co/eeavfgs8bP

— Sarah Langs (@SlangsOnSports) September 11, 2024

The Mets finished with four hits in all, including another home run from Francisco Alvarez later in the ninth inning.

The Mets will be off on Thursday before taking on the Philadelphia Phillies for a new series on Friday night. First pitch from Citizens Bank Park will come at 6:40 p.m. ET as Jose Quintana (NYM) goes up against Phillies' veteran Aaron Nola.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 12, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/new-york-mets-make-all-sorts-of-history-in-near-no-hitter-turned-victory-on-wednesday-against-toronto-blue-jays 
 ----- 
