Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Toronto Blue Jays Pitcher Makes Baseball History with Another Gem on Wednesday
Kudos to Bowden Francis, who made baseball history on Wednesday in a near no-hitter against the New York Mets.
Brady Farkas | Sep 12, 2024
Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Bowden Francis (44) throws a pitch against the Philadelphia Phillies during the first inning at Rogers Centre on Sept 4. / Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays

The Toronto Blue Jays lost 6-2 to the New York Mets on Wednesday afternoon at Rogers Centre, but the final score doesn't tell the whole story.

New York scored all six runs in the ninth inning after being no-hit for eight innings by Blue Jays right-hander Bowden Francis. Francis lost the no-hitter by surrendering a home run to Francisco Lindor to lead off the ninth.

Unfortunately, near no-hitters are nothing new for Francis, who also took a no-hitter into the ninth inning back in August, only to fall just short.

The two close calls put Francis into his own blend of baseball history, according to Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

Bowden Francis is the only pitcher with multiple no-hit bids of 8+ innings within his first 11 career starts in the majors, in at least the expansion era (since 1961)

h/t @EliasSports + @Spokes_Murphy

And there's also this one:

pitchers with 2 no-hit bids lost in the 9th in a season on record:

2024 Bowden Francis
1989 Nolan Ryan
1988 Dave Stieb
1906 Ed Walsh

Francis, who wasn't even supposed to be in the rotation for this team this season, has been excellent. Currently, he's 8-4 through 25 games. He's got a 3.50 ERA and a 0.93 WHIP. At the age of 28, he's making his first real impact in the big leagues and has helped the Jays absorb the loss of Alek Manoah and Ricky Tiedemann to injury.

The Blue Jays are now 69-77 after the loss and they will take on the St. Louis Cardinals at home on Friday night.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 12, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/toronto-blue-jays-pitcher-bowden-francis-makes-baseball-history-with-another-near-no-hitter-on-wednesday 
 ----- 
