NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Mets' Lindor believes Blue Jays prospect Arjun Nimmala can be 'face of the franchise'
David Singh
@ByDavidSingh
September 12, 2024 - 9:23am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-11:2fe5e856b3e30355324d135c Player Element ID: vjs_video_1040
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Blake Murphy joins Jamie Campbell to discuss why David Peterson has overcome his MLB-leading xERA gap, why some pitchers might be prone to beating those expected numbers, and why Blue Jays fans should keep an eye on ascending prospect Arjun Nimmala.
135 comments

TORONTO — One way to get Francisco Lindor to flash his trademark smile is by mentioning the name Arjun Nimmala to him.

Lindor, the superstar shortstop for the New York Mets, has worked out with the Blue Jays prospect during the past two off-seasons and considers himself a big supporter.

"Oh, of course I'll talk about him," Lindor said with a giant grin when asked to chat about Nimmala this week at Rogers Centre.  

Lindor and Nimmala are both represented by SportsMeter and their relationship goes back to the fall of 2022, when the agency invited a group of players to practise in Montverde, Fla. Lindor noticed that not only did Nimmala, who was entering his senior year of high school, possess a polished swing and immense tools, but he was also a bright and curious player.

"He has an ability to adapt to new things very, very quickly," Lindor said. "You teach him something and he goes out there and puts it to practice right away. He gets it and I love that about him."  

The Blue Jays were also drawn to that characteristic, which factored into the organization's decision to select Nimmala in the first round, 20th overall, of the 2023 draft. The six-foot-one right-handed hitter turns 19 this October and is currently finishing up his first full season in pro ball. 

Nimmala, ranked the No. 5 prospect in the Blue Jays’ system by MLB Pipeline, struggled mightily to open the campaign but has since caught fire in A-ball and was the Florida State League player of the month for August. 

The Valrico, Fla., native batted .296 with five home runs and an .871 OPS across 22 games in August, leading the league with 29 hits and 53 total bases. As well, his 16 home runs are tied for fourth in the FSL.

Nimmala is beginning to really showcase his potential and Lindor, a four-time all-star who's currently a front-runner in the National League MVP race, believes the ceiling is high for the prospect.

"His arm is fantastic," said Lindor. "He's got great range, super-fast, he can hit for power, he can hit for average, he's got a great eye. Honestly, if he can improve everything at the same rate, he's going to be one of the best players in their organization. 

"I see him as becoming one of the faces of the franchise, for sure."

Similarities exist between the two players beyond the agency that represents them. Both were drafted out of high school after committing to Florida State University and they play the game with a noticeable level of swagger. 

When I interviewed Nimmala last year for a feature story, he pointed to the latter as the main reason why Lindor is his favourite player. 

“You could see how calm and collected he is in anything that he does,” Nimmala said. “He’s so good in his ability to adjust and adapt. If he does have a bad rep, you see that fix in the next one.

“I did learn a lot from that because I realized that I can’t just fail and fail and not change something. I have to be able to switch something up and change something to help me be better.”

Blue Jays' Francis shows ingredients of success in near no-hitter
Hazel Mae and Shi Davidi break down the Toronto blue Jays 6-2 loss to the New York Mets, discussing Bowden Francis's near no-hitter being broken up in the ninth inning and how the starter is finding success even without his best stuff.
Play Video

Lindor has noticed Nimmala's intense desire to improve and says the teenager must learn how to navigate that without straying too far from his own strengths. 

"His challenge is going to be to not try to be somebody else," said Lindor. "His challenge is going to be wanting to be great and always chasing that greatness.

"He's going to see something from me and he's going to want to do it," added Lindor. "Then he's going to see something from another player in the big leagues and he's going to want to do it. That's going to be his challenge, to make sure he sticks with what he does best and makes the best of his tools, so people watch him and want to be like him."

The two talk often but when Nimmala was going through a rough patch earlier this season, Lindor opted to "let him be," so that the prospect could experience navigating through his own growing pains and eventually emerge stronger on the other side. 

That's what inevitably happened, leaving Lindor with a huge smile on his face.

"I'm super excited for him and what the future is going to bring for him," said Lindor. 

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Another Bowden Francis no-hit bid ends in heartbreaking fashion for Blue Jays
Slumping Davis Schneider finally finds success at plate for Blue Jays
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
Adjust Preferences

With your consent we may collect cookies and information to enhance our service, and improve your experience.

Configure
Allow All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/mets-lindor-believes-blue-jays-prospect-arjun-nimmala-can-be-face-of-the-franchise/ 
 ----- 
