Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
BREAKING NEWS
LA mayor's office denies axing fire chief after closed-door meeting
MLB
Mets avoid no-hit ignominy thanks to ninth-inning outburst in key win over Blue Jays
By Mike Puma
Published Sep. 11, 2024
Updated Sep. 11, 2024, 6:10 p.m. ET
55

TORONTO — The Mets went the first 110 pitches they saw without getting a hit Wednesday and then received a huge one from their MVP, if not the National League’s.

Francisco Lindor led off the ninth inning with a shot that rocketed over the right-field fence at Rogers Centre, and the Mets were alive.

Bowden Francis’ no-hit dalliance was finished and the game was tied, but there was one last piece of business for the Mets to complete.

8
Mets shortstop Francisco Lindor (12) hits a solo home run in the ninth inning of the Mets’ 6-2 win over the Blue Jays on Sept. 11, 2024.
Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images

The Mets handled it with a rally, scoring the go-ahead run on Pete Alonso’s sacrifice fly before piling on for a 6-2 victory in the series rubber game.

The Mets (80-66) have Thursday off before beginning a weekend series at NL East-leading Philadelphia.

8

Francis, who lost a no-hitter last month to the Angels on a ninth-inning homer, was allowed on this day to continue into the ninth to pursue the no-no at 108 pitches.

Lindor fell behind 0-2 in the count leading off the inning before crushing a 92-mph fastball for his 31st homer of the season.

“I have never really quantified how big my hits are, but it felt really good,” Lindor said. “It was one of those hits I could tell the vibes in the dugout were different.”

It was just the latest jolt provided by Lindor, who is hearing consistent “M-V-P” chants at Citi Field and often on the road.

8
Blue Jays starting pitcher Bowden Francis throws a pitch in the first inning of the Mets’ victory.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Manager Carlos Mendoza uttered those three letters when discussing his star shortstop.

“MVP that is basically what I can say right now,” Mendoza said. “On a night we are about to get no-hit and for him to put together that at-bat … special player, special person and MVP.”

Not lost on Lindor was the 23rd anniversary of the attacks at the World Trade Center.

Lindor wore a special multi-colored glove in honor of the 9/11 first responders. The Mets also wore caps in the same vein.

8
Francisco Lindor runs the bases after hitting a solo home run in the ninth inning of the Mets’ win.
Nick Turchiaro-Imagn Images

“It was very present in all of our minds,” Lindor said. “It’s just one of those days where it’s special for all of us and every New Yorker. For every American it should be an extremely special day that we get to remember the ones that we lost on that day.”

The Mets haven’t been no-hit since Oct. 3, 2015, when Max Scherzer fired nine hitless innings for Washington in the second game of a doubleheader at Citi Field.

Francis exited after Lindor’s homer, and the fun really began for the Mets.

Jose Iglesias singled and reached second on a throwing error and Mark Vientos and Brandon Nimmo each walked to load the bases.

Alonso’s sacrifice fly brought in the go-ahead run and following a walk to J.D. Martinez, another scored on Starling Marte’s sacrifice fly.

Francisco Alvarez joined the party with a three-run homer that gave the Mets plenty of cushion.

The Mets moved a game ahead of the Braves, who lost 5-1 to the Nationals, in the race for the NL’s third wild card.

The Braves played a night game in Washington.

Sean Manaea delivered a gem.

The left-hander lasted 6 ²/₃ innings and allowed one earned run on three hits and four walks with eight strikeouts.

He remained in the game to throw a season-high 109 pitches.

Manaea loaded the bases with nobody out in the fourth, but escaped with only one run allowed.

8
Mets starting pitcher Sean Manaea (59) throws a pitch during their win over the Blue Jays.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Vladimir Guerrero Jr. and Ernie Clement each singled before Will Wagner’s walk loaded the bases.

Manaea got Davis Schneider to hit a grounder that Vientos fielded before stepping on base, with the run scoring.

Vientos’ throw to first base was late, but Manaea struck out Luis De Los Santos and retired Joey Loperfido to keep it at 1-0.

Francis retired the first 13 batters he faced before plunking Alonso in the fifth.

8
Francisco Lindor throws the ball to first during the ninth inning of the Mets’ victory.
Getty Images

Marte drew a two-out walk to extend the inning, but Alvarez was retired to still leave the Mets hitless.

Iglesias stuck his left elbow into a pitch and was awarded first base with two outs in the sixth, but Vientos was retired on a hard ground ball to third base, keeping the no-hit watch alive.

The inning started with Harrison Bader hitting a shot to deep left that Schneider caught while leaping into the fence.

The ball wouldn’t have cleared the fence, but would have given the Mets a leadoff extra-base hit.

8
Francisco Lindor (12) Eddy Alvarez (26), Jose Iglesias (11), and Pete Alonso (20) celebrate after the Mets’ victory over the Blue Jays.
Getty Images

Bowman retired Nimmo, Alonso and Martinez in order in the seventh inning to keep the no-hit watch alive at 102 pitches.

Francis was allowed to continue into the eighth.

Marte and Alvarez each swung at the first pitch and were retired before pinch hitter Jesse Winker popped out to end the inning.

Francis got through the inning on only six pitches.

8
AP
55

What do you think? Post a comment.

But it all came together for the Mets in the ninth.

“We have had a tough time playing day games and we are very aware of it,” Lindor said, referring to the team’s 29-33 record during the day. “And today it took us a little bit to get the energy. Eventually we were able to get the energy and the vibes, they rose and we were able to put a good inning together.”

FILED UNDER FRANCISCO LINDOR  NEW YORK METS  SEAN MANAEA  TORONTO BLUE JAYS  9/11/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/11/sports/mets-avoid-being-no-hit-with-six-run-ninth-against-blue-jays-for-key-win/ 
 ----- 
