Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
Opinion | Hawaii is confirming the ‘hang loose’ gesture as their official signal. What should Ontario’s be?
Updated April 7, 2024 at 5:01 p.m.
April 7, 2024
3 min read
Save

Brazilian soccer player Neymar flashes fans the Hawaiian “shaka” hand sign during the Neymar Jr’s Five youth soccer tournament in Praia Grande, Brazil in 2019. Hawaii’s “shaka” hand sign is sometimes known as the “hang loose” gesture associated with surf culture. But it was a fixture of daily life in the islands long before it caught on in California, Brazil and beyond. 

Andre Penner AP
By Rosie DiMannoStar Columnist

Rosie DiManno is a Toronto-based columnist covering sports and current affairs for the Star. Follow her on Twitter: @rdimanno.

Hula hips don’t lie. But Hawaii has decided that its official gesture should be all in the fingers.

The Pacific Ocean archipelago recently became the first state in the U.S. to formally adopt a bit of body language. Or will do when, as expected, a pair of bills are passed through the legislature. The “Shaka’’: Pinky and thumb extended with the remaining digits curled downwards. “The wrist may be rotated back and forth for emphasis,” as noted in the bill. But some insist that shaking the shaka is a no-no.

Also known as the “hang loose’’ sign, the shaka has long been associated with surf culture, conveying a range of friendly aloha spirit sentiments. It’s ubiquitous in Hawaii, found even on Honolulu city buses — a digital shaka light that drivers turn on to thank motorists for letting them merge. The Central Pacific Bank calls their digital checking account Shaka Checking. And a high school football team from the Maui community devastated by last summer’s deadly wildfire, invited to the Super Bowl in Las Vegas in February, flashed shakas for the cameras.

It was particularly useful during the pandemic when people were leery of shaking hands.

Take it from an Italian: Gestures speak volumes. In fact, hand gestures are considered the essence of Italian language and you’re not really speaking colloquially unless hands and arms are providing semaphoring accompaniment. Most omnipresent: Fingers pinched, which means “What are you talking about?’’ or “Are you serious?’’

Further from the signalling vernacular:

The chin flick — fingers brushed under the jaw, indicating indifference, don’t care (or worse). The horns — superstitiously warding off the devil (especially when placed over the testicles) but also an insult. Hand flat across the chest — I can’t stand you. The prayer clasp: Oh puhleeze. Both palms outstretched: I don’t know, not my fault. Kissing the fingers — delicious, bliss. Tugging at the bottom of the eyelid: Watch out. The Umbrella – one arm bent facing upwards, the other slaps the crook of the bent arm’s elbow, a common profanity.

Of course, shorthand (literally) in one culture could be exceedingly offensive in another, indicating something completely different. Even seemingly innocuous body positioning can be interpreted as an affront. I was once severely admonished in Afghanistan for stretching my legs while sitting on the floor and pointing my socks-clad feet towards a public speaker.

But back to Hawaii (I wish). Quite charming, officializing a motion. Ontario should consider following suit. After all, the province already has an official flower (white trillium), official bird (loon), official tree (white pine), official gemstone (amethyst) and official tartan (red, white, three shades of green, two shades of blue).

What gesture would best encapsulate Ontario, though?

Suggestions:

The Gimme-Gimme Hand Outwards: Because the province never tires of blaming Ottawa for its financial shortcomings. And some of the time they’re actually on the money about that. Simultaneously, the outstretched palm could designate the urban problem of aggressive panhandling, an annoyance — pugnacious scrounging — given short shrift by the Supreme Court judge who this past week struck down the panhandling ban passed a quarter century ago by the Mike Harris government.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Not that cadgers had been paying the ban much mind. But Justice Robert Centa essentially gutted the Safe Streets Act, ruling most of its content as unconstitutional, knocking out prohibitions on soliciting donations in public, including from people near public toilets, pay phones, ATMs, taxi stands and public transit stops. Squeegie-ing, however, is still invasive-non-grata.

The Swipe: In days of old, the extended thumb and pinky to the ear meant call me later, universally understood. But hardly anyone makes phone calls anymore. It’s all about the text because God forbid actual uttered words should be exchanged. Meanwhile the decline swipe left has become quotidian, whether rejecting the call or thumbs-down on the dating app hook-up seeker. The etiquette is brutal.

The Swerve: Denoting the Le Mons-style driving now required to navigate traffic-choked, construction-obstructed, pylon-studded, bicycle-lane-squished streets.

The Up Middle Finger: A one-gesture-fits-all to flip the bird at anybody who even mildly vexes or provokes because everybody is apparently on their last nerve.

The Shrug: Meh-me, meh-you. Default mime – physical version of a meme – when you’ve tuned out, retreated into ennui or just don’t give a good damn anymore. Admittedly a condition that can wax and wane.

The Evil Eye: Similar to the horns but more malevolent and specifically targeted at perceived enemies, of which I have many, you and you and you and you and…

The Twisted Sphincter: Symbolizing collective anal pedantry and fastidiousness. Personified by that neighbour who goes hissy-fit over the teensiest of cross-fence annoyances, shouts your kids off his lawn and sic’s bylaw officers on any potential reno infringement. Admittedly difficult to portray as a PG gesture in a PC world.

On second thought, signalling — virtue or otherwise — might get you rage-clocked. We ain’t no shaka sunny zone. Maybe best keep your hands in your pockets and shaddup.

Opinion articles are based on the author’s interpretations and judgments of facts, data and events. More details

Related Stories
It’s not just ‘hang loose.’ Lawmakers look to make the friendly ‘shaka’ Hawaii’s official gesture
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Opinion
OPINION
Shawn Micallef: If Toronto fails to deliver this one piece of infrastructure, it will reveal an ugly truth
17 hrs ago
Comments
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
Article was updated 16 hrs ago
Comments
READERS’ LETTERS
OPINION
Our Christmas tree played many roles
22 hrs ago
Comments
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
We hosted a concert for 45 strangers in our (small) living room. It reminded me how beautiful life can be
Article was updated 21 hrs ago
Comments
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Justin Ling: The joke is over for the leader of the Rhinoceros Party of Canada
Article was updated 18 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/opinion/hawaii-is-confirming-the-hang-loose-gesture-as-their-official-signal-what-should-ontarios-be/article_2df82f8e-f513-11ee-85a0-5717cd34cd43.html 
 ----- 
