Flip through
the latest issue

Bethpage

Best of LI
Vote
My Town
News
Entertainment
Threatening Meme Prompts Security Measures In Nassau County Ahead Of World Cup Cricket Tournament
By Janet Burns
Posted on May 31, 2024
The Nassau County International Cricket Stadium (Credit: Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman via Facebook)
Facebook
Twitter
PrintFriendly
Share

A threatening, meme-like image posted online that’s potentially linked to other terroristic posts has caused alarm in Nassau County ahead of an international cricket tournament.

Never miss a story
News, events, culture and more — delivered to your inbox.
SIGN UP

The ominous post, which seemingly pertains to an upcoming game in Nassau County between arch cricket rivals India and Pakistan, has garnered international headlines, prompting local officials to boost security and provide reassurances of safety during the 2024 ICC Men’s T20 World Cup. In response to the potential threat, local officials will be closing down Eisenhower Park in its entirety and some of the surrounding streets starting this weekend. The tournament will be featuring international cricket matches at Eisenhower Park from June 1 through June 12.

The British news site Express UK first reported on May 28 that a threatening image had been posted on Matrix.org, a platform where ISIS-related posts are often found. The image showed an apparent threat to the upcoming India vs. Pakistan match scheduled at Nassau County International Cricket Stadium on June 9.

According to news site Express UK, this image making reference to “Nassau Stadium” was posted on the platform Matrix.org in late May.

The low-quality, flier-style image in question, which the Express UK reposted on its website, shows a man in a black hoodie with a rifle strapped to his back facing into a sports arena, with two cut-out drones hovering above. Text at the top of the image states “Nassau Stadium” and the date of the India vs. Pakistan match, and the text below (partially in a horror movie-style bloody font) states in all caps, “You wait for the matches…. And we wait for you……”

In the wake of the posting, the Nassau County Police Department—along with the FBI and county officials—announced that Eisenhower Park and adjacent streets will be closed during cricket matches over the coming weeks as a part of a heightened effort to secure the event.

Speaking to press on Wednesday, May 29, Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman commented, “Each and every day, Nassau County, as well as other communities and cities and counties and towns throughout the United States, receive all kinds of threats. We take every threat seriously.”

“To that end, we have taken many, many precautions,” Blakeman said. “As well as making sure that the stadium and the surrounding Eisenhower Park are safe, the parking areas are safe, the watch areas are safe, we also are adding 100 additional police officers to our normal staffing for the rest of the county, just as a precaution.”

Nassau County Police Commissioner Patrick Ryder commented, “This is the largest security we’ve ever had to do in this County’s history. And I can also guarantee you it is the safest place to be in Nassau County on June 9 will be inside that stadium.” He also noted that while the credibility of the threats may be unfounded, they would still treat it seriously.

The Nassau County Police Department provided the following information on its website regarding T20 World Cup schedules and related travel and closures at or near Eisenhower Park:

The ICC Cricket World Cup will be conducted in Eisenhower Park from 6/1/24 – 6/12/24.

Eisenhower Park will be closed from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. on the following dates:

      6/1/24 India Vs. Bangladesh 
      6/3/24 Sri Lanka Vs. South Africa 
      6/5/24 India Vs. Ireland 
      6/7/24 Canada Vs. Ireland 
      6/8/24 Netherland vs. South Africa 
      6/9/24 India Vs. Pakistan 
      6/10/24 South Africa Vs. Bangladesh 
      6/11/24 Pakistan Vs. Canada 
      6/12/24 USA Vs. India 

ROAD CLOSURES:

PARK BLVD: (Eisenhower Park) 
6:30 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. – Closed in both directions

HEMPSTEAD TURNPIKE:
– Both directions will remain open all day.

MERRICK AVE: 
7:00 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. – Closed in both directions from Hempstead Turnpike to Charles Lindbergh Blvd.
– Local traffic only from Stewart Ave Southbound to Charles Lindbergh Blvd.

EASTBOUND CHARLES LINDBERGH BLVD:
4:30 a.m.– 6:00 p.m. – Closed Eastbound from Earle Ovington Blvd.
– Cricket Parking Traffic will travel Westbound Charles Lindbergh Blvd from Meadowbrook State Parkway Exit to Earle Ovington Blvd
– Cricket Parking traffic will then proceed Southbound on Earle Ovington Blvd into Nassau Coliseum.

WESTBOUND CHARLES LINDBERGH BLVD:
– Westbound will remain open all day from the Meadowbrook State Parkway ramp.

EARLE OVINGTON BLVD:
– Both directions will remain open all day.

JAMES DOOLITTLE BLVD: 
4:30 a.m. – 6:00 p.m. – Closed at Charles Lindbergh Blvd from the Marriott main entrance.

GENERAL PARKING FOR CRICKET: 

Parking will be available in the Nassau Coliseum Parking lot.
Nassau Coliseum will be accessed from Earle Ovington Blvd entrance or the Hempstead Tpke entrance.
Overflow parking will be available on the Nassau Community College (NCC) campus.

RIDESHARE DROP-OFF/PICK-UP: 

Rideshare will pick-up / drop-off inside the west side of the Nassau Coliseum parking lot.

SHUTTLE BUS: 

Shuttle bus service will run between Nassau Coliseum and Eisenhower Park Aquatic Center.

LIRR: 

Long Island Railroad Westbury Station will have a shuttle bus from Train station to Eisenhower Park.

GENERAL ENTRY GATE: 

Ticketed guests will enter the Park at the Pedestrian Gate located at Merrick Ave opposite Charles Lindbergh Blvd

VIP PARKING: (PERMIT ONLY) 

VIP Parking will be provided inside Eisenhower Park at the Lannin and within the field opposite Parking Field #5. This will be by permit only.
Enter Park Blvd from either the Merrick Avenue or Hempstead Turnpike entrances.
Proceed to Police Checkpoint to verify permit

PUBLIC INFORMATION OFFICE
NASSAU COUNTY POLICE DEPARTMENT
1490 Franklin Ave., Mineola, NY 11501
516-573- 7138

Facebook
Twitter
PrintFriendly
Share
Related Articles
Two dead whales wash up in one day on Long Island beaches
What’s your January 2025 horoscope? Here’s what the stars say
2026 Best of Long Island contest nominations now being accepted
Long Island Press seeking interns for 2025
JOBS ON LONG ISLAND
ADD YOUR JOB
Cornerstone Behavioral Services
BCBA/BT/RBT Therapist
Accredited Environmental Solutions
Office Assistant
Penates, Inc.
Full-time Homeless Shelter Staff
VIEW ALL JOBS…
THINGS TO DO ON LONG ISLAND

 POST AN EVENT

Today, 11 am
Monster Mayhem Scavenger Hunt

The Whaling Museum & Education Center
Today, 2:30 pm
Origami Challenges

Carnegie Library
Today, 5 pm
Magic of Lights

Jones Beach State Park
Today, 5 pm
Sayville Falls Holiday Light Show & Winter Garden

Sayville Falls Mini Golf
Today, 9 pm
Thankful Thursday Adult Night with DJ E-KIM

United Skates of America
Tomorrow, all day
Afterwork Fridays at Doha Bar Lounge in Astoria Queens

Doha Bar Lounge

VIEW ALL EVENTS…

BOLI SPOTLIGHT
2026 Best of Long Island contest nominations now being accepted
What’s the best charity on Long Island?
What’s the best mall on Long Island?
You voted, they won: Top gift shops on Long Island
What are the best local shops on Long Island to check out this Black Friday?
ENTERTAINMENT
Long Island New Year’s Eve events 2024
Nassau County Art Museum unveils ‘Deco at 100’
Great Neck flutist Hugh Choi, 17, wins 1st place in Philadelphia International Music Festival
12 essentials to set you up for New Year’s success
Glen Cove native Shye Roberts honored by county for second place on ‘The Voice’
LATEST NEWS
Long Island Press seeking interns for 2025
Chanukah: A Legendary Light Show Through History
Catch Elvis ‘Back in the Building’ at The Gateway for New Year’s Eve
Long Island nonprofits adjust, adapt fundraising
Worker’s rights organization alleges foul play in unexplained dismissal of employee’s union petition
More from our Sister Sites
Dan’s Papers
2025 Preview: Key East End Stories to Follow This Year
amNY
First babies of 2025! NYC parents celebrate new arrivals for the new year
Noticia
Puerto Rico recibe el año nuevo 2025 con un apagón masivo
Behind the Hedges
Editor’s Take: Behind The Hedges Says Goodbye 2024, Hello 2025
Contact Us
Subscribe
Best of Long Island
Home Pros
Jobs
© Long Island Press 2025. Schneps Media.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.longislandpress.com/2024/05/31/threatening-meme-prompts-security-measures-in-nassau-county-ahead-of-world-cup-cricket-tournament/ 
 ----- 
