Warner regains form as Australia thrash Sri Lanka in T20 World Cup
INTERNATIONAL SPORTS
 28 OCTOBER 2021
  HITS: 1132
   

DUBAI- - David Warner's return to form was the icing on the cake as Australia thumped Sri Lanka by seven wickets on Thursday for their second successive victory at the Twenty20 World Cup.


Chasing the only major global trophy to elude them, Australia restricted Sri Lanka to 154-6 at the Dubai International Stadium.
When they returned, Warner, aided by some luck, made 65 as Australia chased down the target with three overs to spare to join Ashes rivals England as the only two teams in Group I with a perfect record.
Earlier, Finch won the toss and elected to field against 2014 world champions Sri Lanka.
Pat Cummins dismissed opener Pathum Nissanka early but Sri Lanka finished the six powerplay overs at 53-1 looking on course for a big total on a batting-friendly track.
For Australia, Adam Zampa (2-12) and Mitchell Starc (2-27) applied the brakes by claiming four wickets between them.
"Sri Lanka got away to a flyer with the bat and the way that Adam Zampa, in particular, was able to drag that back through the middle, and then Mitchell Starc to have a real impact ... he was fantastic," Australia captain Aaron Finch said.
Zampa was adjudged player-of-the-match for his tidy four overs which included 12 dot balls.

Strong Start
Charith Asalanka's unbeaten 80 in Sri Lanka's Super 12 opener against Bangladesh had secured a thrilling victory on Sunday.
The left-hander followed it up with an entertaining 35 before spinner Zampa cut short his stay.
Kusal Perera also made 35 but he fell to Starc immediately after hitting the left-arm quick for a massive six.
Avishka Fernando and Wanindu Hasaranga did not last long but Bhanuka Rajapaksa provided some fireworks in his unbeaten 33.
Rajapaksa hit Marcus Stoinis for two consecutive fours and followed it with a six but Sri Lanka could not make the most of their strong powerplay display.
"We got the start that we really needed but in the middle phase we were not able to capitalise," Sri Lanka captain Dasun Shanaka said. "I felt we were 25-30 runs short on that wicket."
Australia did even better in their first six overs cruising to 63 for no loss.
Finch made 37 before he and Glenn Maxwell, who could not justify his promotion in the batting order, fell in quick succession.
Warner's form had been a major concern for his team and the opener was on 18 when Perara dropped a regulation catch behind the stumps.
It proved a costly mistake as the left-hander went on to complete his fifty and fell only with Australia's victory in sight.
"We knew that spin was going to have such a big impact outside the powerplay ... so we knew we had to take a chance on their quicks and we got away with it, but Davey played a beautiful knock," added Finch.
Steve Smith, unbeaten on 28, also manoeuvred the ball around with characteristic deftness to frustrate Sri Lanka.

PREV
NEXT
SUPPLEMENTS
03 January 2025
The Unique Sounds of Caroline De Schryver
03 January 2025
The new year starts with the Quadrantids meteor shower at its peak: Looking up at the Night Sky
02 January 2025
Serve up some Sangria! 
02 January 2025
In the Hot Seat with Monika Dobo  
02 January 2025
What – Who – Where - When?
27 December 2024
Have a Feast before the New Year Fireworks: Pineapple Pete Restaurant and Bar
27 December 2024
In the Hot Seat with Jacky Rom
27 December 2024
Where to ring in the New Year!
BACK TO TOP

Copyright © 2020 All copyrights on articles and/or content of The Caribbean Herald N.V. dba The Daily Herald are reserved.


Without permission of The Daily Herald no copyrighted content may be used by anyone.

Delivery Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Hosted by
© 2025 The Daily Herald. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thedailyherald.sx/sport/international-sports/warner-regains-form-as-australia-thrash-sri-lanka-in-t20-world-cup 
 ----- 
