मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
AUS vs SL ICC T20 World Cup Dream11 Prediction today: Fantasy cricket tips for Australia vs Sri Lanka match
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Oct 28, 2021 | 12:27 IST
AUS vs SL: Australia clash with Sri Lanka in the 22nd match of the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 on Thursday at the Dubai International Stadium in Dubai. Here are our Dream11 prediction and fantasy tips for AUS vs SL match today.
Australia and Sri Lanka will look maintain their unbeaten starts to the 2021 T20 World Cup |Courtesy- @T20WorldCup  |  Photo Credit: Twitter

Australia lock horns with Sri Lanka in the 22nd match of the ICC T20 World Cup 2021 at the Dubai International Stadium in Dubai on Thursday, October 28th, at 7:30 PM (IST). 

Australia are placed third in the Group 1 table with two points. They have only played one game so far, which was against South Africa which resulted in a win. 

Australia restricted the Proteas to just 118/9 bowling first. Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood and Adam Zampa picked two wickets each in all-round effort. It wasn't an easy task for Australia as they took 19.4 overs to chase the target down. However, they did it in convincing fashion with five wickets to spare. Steve Smith top-scored with 35 runs while Marcus Stoinis remained unbeaten on 24 at the end. 

Sri Lanka are a spot above Australia, taking the second position in their group table. They have also played just one match coming into this game. Sri Lanka were up against Bangladesh at Sharjah.

Bangaldesh batted first and posted a challenging total of 171/4 on the board. Charith Asalanka led the charge for the Lankans as they got past the line in 18.5 overs with five wickets to spare as it was a comfortable win in the end. 

Asalanka remained unbeaten on 80 off just 49 deliveries in what was a match-winning knock. He was well supported by Bhanuka Rajapaksa, who also notched up a crucial half-century, scoring 53 runs off only 31 deliveries. Sri Lanka carried the momentum from the qualification round and have done well at the showpiece event so far. 

Both teams, having won their previous matches, will look to continue the winning run. England are at the top of the group with two wins and four points already. Therefore, it is important for Australia and Sri Lanka to win this game and strengthen their chances. 

My Dream11 Dream Team for AUS vs SL Match: 

Kusal Perera, David Warner (c), Steven Smith, Pathum Nissanka, Charith Asalanka (vc), Mitchell Marsh, Glenn Maxwell, Wanindu Hasaranga, Josh Hazlewood, Pat Cummins, Chamika Karunaratne. 

Probable Playing XI

Australia

David Warner, Aaron Finch (c), Mitchell Marsh, Steven Smith, Glenn Maxwell, Marcus Stoinis, Matthew Wade (wk), Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood. 

Probable Playing XI

Sri Lanka

Kusal Perera (wk), Pathum Nissanka, Charith Asalanka, Avishka Fernando, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Wanindu Hasaranga, Dasun Shanaka (c), Chamika Karunaratne, Dusmantha Chameera, Lahiru Kumara, Binura Fernando. 

Squad

Australia

Aaron Finch (C), David Warner, Mitchell Marsh, Glenn Maxwell, Steven Smith, Marcus Stoinis, Matthew Wade(wk), Pat Cummins, Mitchell Starc, Adam Zampa, Josh Hazlewood, Daniel Sams, Dan Christian, Ashton Agar

Sri Lanka

Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera(wk), Charith Asalanka, Avishka Fernando, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Dasun Shanaka (C), Wanindu Hasaranga, Chamika Karunaratne, Dushmantha Chameera, Lahiru Kumara, Binura Fernando. Dhananjaya de Silva, Kusal Mendis, Minod Bhanuka. 

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/australia-vs-sri-lanka-icc-t20-world-cup-dream11-prediction-today/827308 
 ----- 
