English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: Netherlands vs Sri Lanka - Who will win ODI between Netherlands and Sri Lanka?

ODI World Cup 2023: Netherlands vs Sri Lanka - Who will win ODI between Netherlands and Sri Lanka?
Entering this fixture, Sri Lanka has lost three straight games in the tournament.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 19 Oct 2023 09:55 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: October 21, 2023

Time: 10:30 AM IST

Venue: Bharat Ratna Shri Atal Bihari Vajpayee Ekana Cricket Stadium, Lucknow

Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Match Preview:

The second double-header of the ICC ODI World Cup 2023 will kick off between the Netherlands and Sri Lanka. Playing in Lucknow, both these teams would love to get a positive result and move forward in the World Cup. Entering this fixture, Sri Lanka has lost three straight games in the tournament. In comparison, the Netherlands registered their first win after defeating South Africa.

Pitch Report:


The Ekana Cricket Stadium in Lucknow has produced balanced tracks with an average score of 226 where both batters and bowlers can dominate. The batters can capitalise in the first innings when the pitch isn’t doing much. Similarly, as the day goes through, bowlers can use the conditions to their advantage with the pitch slowing down and gripping.

Team Analysis:

Netherlands

The Scott Edwards-led Netherlands have certainly emerged as one of the biggest surprise teams in the tournament. The Dutch so far have played great cricket and finally won their first match with a big win over South Africa. The batting may be the Netherlands’ biggest concern with the top-order failing to score runs. While the bowling has looked good with the likes of, Logan van Beek, Roelof van der Merwe and Aryan Dutt performing well.

SportsTiger Playing XI of Netherlands


Vikramjit Singh, Max ODowd, Colin Ackermann, Bas de Leede, Teja Nidamanuru, Scott Edwards (c & wk), Sybrand Engelbrecht, Logan van Beek, Roelof van der Merwe, Aryan Dutt, Paul van Meekeren

Sri Lanka

In contrast, the Sri Lankan team has had a forgettable tournament with three back-to-back losses. The Lankans have shown flashes of brilliance but their mistakes have weighed them down. The batting has had a few great performances but has lacked consistency. But the bowling has severely lacked control and failed to pick up wickets at regular intervals.

SportsTiger Playing XI of Sri Lanka


Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis (c & wk), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Chamika Karunaratne, Dunith Wellalage, Maheesh Theekshana, Lahiru Kumara, Dilshan Madushanka

Match Prediction:


  


Conclusion:

Sri Lanka has a better chance to win this fixture and defeat the Netherlands to register their first win in the ICC ODI World Cup 2023.

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.


ICC ODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-netherlands-vs-sri-lanka-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-netherlands-and-sri-lanka-ned-vs-sl-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
