LANGUAGE OPTIONS
 ENGLISH▼
DONATE

Celebrating Solidarity: The Refugee Team at the 2024 Olympic Summer Games
July 27, 2024

As the world gears up for the 2024 Olympic Summer Games, amidst the excitement and anticipation there is a team that stands out not just for their athletic prowess but for their remarkable journey to the games—2024 Refugee Olympic Team. A team that competes under one flag but speak different languages, a team that have been displaced from their home country. They remind us all that amidst geopolitical turmoil and humanitarian crises, there are stories of courage and determination that deserve our attention and admiration.

 

Dive into these articles below to learn more about the team and athletes:

What It’s Like Going to the Olympics as a Refugee by Elle
Olympic Refuge Foundation
IOC Refugee Olympic Team set for Paris 2024 after successful camp in Bayeux: ‘We are excited to go to the Olympics’
IOC Refugee Olympic Team to represent more than 100 million displaced people at the Olympic Games Paris 2024 (olympics.com)
Who are the athletes competing for the Refugee Olympic Team? | AP News
Afghan Breaker Manizha Talash on Her Journey to the Olympics | TIME

 

 

 

 

Picture by Olympic Refuge Foundation.
The Olympic logo and related marks are trademarks of the International Olympic Committee.

Help us make a difference. Donate.
Follow us:

Related Posts
The Humanitarian And Displacement Situation...

Sudan is entering the new year still gripped by a war that erupted on April 15, 2023, between the Sudanese...

READ FULL STORY
The Humanitarian And Displacement Situation...

This is an update and supplement to USCRI’s March 2024 report on the Humanitarian Situation in Ukraine.   Mass Displacement...

READ FULL STORY
Ukraine: An Update On The...

This is an update and supplement to USCRI’s March 2024 report on the Humanitarian Situation in Ukraine.   Mass Displacement...

READ FULL STORY
Careers Network login Refugee Travel Loans
96% of every dollar goes to our programs
NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP
SIGN-UP 
For media inquiries please email us at MEDIA@refugees.org
For all other inquires please email us at USCRI@refugees.org
(703) 310-1130 uscri@refugees.org
U.S. Committee for Refugees and Immigrants 2231 Crystal Drive, Suite 350 Arlington, VA 22202
Copyright 2024 Privacy Policy Disclosure Statement
America must remain a beacon of hope for the oppressed.
At this urgent time, help USCRI support those who need it most.

 

DONATE

CLOSE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://refugees.org/the-refugee-team-at-the-2024-olympic-summer-games/ 
 ----- 
