CALL US (765) 521-2400
Toggle navigation
Send Beautiful Flowers
Share a Memory
Share 
Share on Facebook
 
Share on Twitter
 
Share by Email
Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey
April 7, 1936 - July 23, 2024

Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey, 88, of Union, Kentucky, passed away July 23rd, 2024 after a lengthy illness. He was born on April 7, 1936 in Greenville, Pennsylvania to William Paul Sankey and Leona Mae (Adams) Sankey. He is preceded in death by... View Obituary & Service Information

Login
PRINT

The family of Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey created this Life Tributes page to make it easy to share your memories.

Hide message

Obituary & Service

Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey, 88, of Union, Kentucky, p...

View More

Share a Memory Below

A comforting word from you means a lot.

Share a Memory

Flowers & Gifts

Send flowers to the Sankey family.

Send Flowers
Tribute Wall
Photos & Videos
Obituary & Service
+ More
Information
Click here to share a memory of Leonard or send condolences to the family.
Add Photos & Videos
Light Candle
Virtual Gift
Send Flowers & Gifts
Send a Card

Dr Robert, Judy and Andrew Bolois, Bible Methodist Connection of Churches, God's Missionary Church, Lebanon, PA and 7 other friends sent flowers to the family of Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey.

Send Flowers to Show You Care

Guaranteed Hand Delivery
by a Local Florist!

DP

So sorry to hear about your husband Janet. You and your family are in my thoughts and prayers.

Darlean Phillips - July 31 at 01:44 AM
Comment
Share
Share this post on Facebook
Share this post on X

Footprints Tribute Blanket was purchased for the family of Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey.

July 29 at 04:20 PM
BUY NOW
WR

We are sending heartfelt sympathy to each one of the Sankey family.
Bro. Sankey was a true man of God. He was the first person that I ever told, "You remind me of Jesus." We cherish the letter he took time to write to us when we faced a disorienting time of our lives--it was so timely, and such an encouragement as we walked through some deep water. His warm heart, gracious spirit, and humble character will keep him on the upper shelf of our "so glad that I knew him" collection of friends. Our hearts are warmed each time his name comes to mind. We are anticipating that glad reunion day!
Bill and Hannah Reese

William and Hannah Reese - July 27 at 03:43 AM
Comment
Share
Share this post on Facebook
Share this post on X
LW

Our Tribute to our Cherished Friend, Rev. Leonard Sankey

Because we do not have the internet in our home, we came to the library to express our heartfelt sympathy to Sister Sankey and the Sankey family. We grieve with them at the loss of their loved one who became our treasured friend. We feared the moment of Brother Sankey’s passing and hoped that it would never come. Although it is nearly impossible for us to accept this devastating loss, we are clinging to the words that Brother Sankey himself had previously shared with us. He told us that he was in God’s hands and his trust was in Him.

Words cannot convey the sorrow that we feel. We want the entire world to know that Rev. Sankey had an incredible, uplifting influence on our lives. Though so undeserving, we appreciated his warm correspondence with us that provided the encouragement we needed in matchless ways. He was always willing to devote his precious time to “listen” and provide support during difficult times. These are gifts that money simply cannot buy.

Brother Sankey provided great comfort to us when our hearts were broken by the passing of one of our spiritual heroes (Dr. Robert E. England, Sr.). Brother Sankey said that he and Janet could not do much except offer their arms and their hearts as we suffered through the sense of loss at Brother England’s passing. He was so sorry that this had come into our lives. Now, we are suffering through the sense of loss at Brother Sankey’s passing. We never wanted this to come into our lives. Both of these spiritual heroes meant the world to us.

What an awesome (albeit humbling) privilege it has been to share a close friendship with Brother Sankey, a man of prominent leadership and spiritual stature! His sacred solo (titled “So Send I You” that was recorded on a vinyl album many years ago) exemplified his sacrificial life of dedicated service as a missionary, song evangelist, pastor, writer, and leader in the Holiness Movement.

We absolutely loved Brother Sankey, and no one will ever be able to replace him in our hearts. We are holding fast to the bond that we forged with Brother Sankey that has been like no other. With his passing, there is now a void in our lives that cannot be filled.

Larry & Barbara Wieserman

Larry Wieserman - July 26 at 03:17 PM
Comment
Share
Share this post on Facebook
Share this post on X

Full Of Love Bouquet was purchased for the family of Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey.

July 26 at 09:49 AM
BUY NOW

Basket of Memories was purchased for the family of Dr. Leonard Lewis Sankey.

July 25 at 07:16 PM
BUY NOW
PRINT MORE...
Homepage
Funerals & Obituaries
Flowers & Gifts
About Us
Services
Plan Ahead
Resources
Grief & Healing
Contact Us
Online Payments and Donations
Blog
Facebook
 
Blog
Back to top
 
 
 
 

© 2024 Sproles Family Funeral Home. All Rights Reserved.

	

Made with love by funeralOne

VIEW GENERAL PRICING LIST
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sprolesfamilycares.com/m/obituaries/Leonard-Sankey/ 
 ----- 
