Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Sacramento Kings Turning Early Season Weakness Into Strength
After starting out the season getting outscored from three almost every night, the Kings are using improved three-point scoring and defense to get back in the win column.
Will Zimmerle | 11 Hours Ago
Jan 6, 2025; Sacramento, California, USA; Sacramento Kings forward Domantas Sabonis (11) takes a three point shot against Miami Heat forward Haywood Highsmith (24) during the first quarter at Golden 1 Center. Mandatory Credit: Ed Szczepanski-Imagn Images / Ed Szczepanski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Sacramento Kings

The Sacramento Kings are on a six-game winning streak, with the coaching change from Mike Brown to Doug Christie unlocking something for this team.

They are quickly climbing back up the Western Conference standings for a multitude of reasons, but one stands out above the rest: three-point shooting.

The Kings started off the season with the worst possible combination from beyond the arc. Sacramento couldn't hit threes while their opponents sank shot after shot. The Kings were scoring inside the arc, but were being outscored by double digits from deep on a nightly basis.

Since Doug Christie has taken over the helm, the Kings have flipped the script, and now they are the ones outscoring their opponents from beyond the arc, as shown by the three-point shooting numbers below:

First 31 games:

Kings 3P: 12-of-35 (34.2%)
Opponent 3P: 14.6-of-39.0 (37.5%)

Last 7 games:

Kings 3P: 14.4-of- 39.7 (36.3%)
Opponent 3P: 13.1-of-36.0 (36.5%)

The Kings have gone from having to make up a three-point deficit to being the ones forcing their opponents to be the ones looking to even the score from deep. In the last four games specifically, the Kings have taken their three-point shooting and defense to a whole other level.

What makes those numbers in the last four games even more impressive is that the Kings did so against four of the top 12 teams for made threes per game:

Boston Celtics - 1st
Golden State Warriors - 5th
Miami Heat - 9th
Memphis Grizzlies - 12th

While it might be as simple as the Kings are finally hitting their shots, the numbers show they are not only getting more good looks under Christie, but limiting their opponent's quality attempts from deep as well.


First 31 games:

Kings Open 3PAs: 13.6 | Wide-Open 3PAs: 19.1

Opponent Open 3PAs: 16.4 | Wide-Open 3PAs: 18.2

Last 7 games:


Kings Open 3PAs: 15.3 | Wide-Open 3PAs: 21.6


Opponent Open 3PAs: 14.1 | Wide-Open 3PAs: 16.1

Once again, the numbers show a completely flipped script. The Kings are getting more good and great looks, and they are holding their opponents to fewer, a perfect recipe for success.

The concept for the Kings to get back in the win column was always simple. With their extremely impressive two-point efficiency, all they had to do was close the gap from deep. Instead, they've gone above and beyond, not only closing the gap but overtaking their opponents.

That's how you rattle off a six-game winning streak. If the Kings are able to keep up their improved three-point shooting and defense, they should have no trouble getting back into the playoff picture in the West.

Follow Sacramento Kings on SI on Facebook and Twitter.

Subscribe on YouTube for breaking Kings news videos and live-stream podcasts!

Published 11 Hours Ago
WILL ZIMMERLE

Will Zimmerle is a staff writer covering the Sacramento Kings.

Home
/
Sacramento Kings News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/kings/sacramento-kings-news/sacramento-kings-turning-early-season-weakness-into-strength-01jhbkbp5cwf 
 ----- 
