Sign up for The Haitian Times Daily News Roundp

Keep tabs on the latest news out of Haiti and the diaspora delivered straight to your inbox.

Sign up
Skip to content

December 28, 2024 | 9:48 AM

The Haitian Times

Bridging the gap

Menu
Sign In
POSTED IN
SOCCER
Haiti players’ ratings in trouncing Sint Maarten 6-0 in Nations League
Duckens Nazon racked a hat trick and Mikaël Cantave scored a brace off the bench
BY ONZ CHÉRY
SEP. 10, 2024
Haiti's star striker Duckens Nazon [middle] holding the ball during the game vs Sint Maarten in the Concacaf Nations League at Mayagüez Athletics Stadium in Puerto Rico on September 9, 2024. Fafa Picault stands on Nazon's left, and Bryan Labissière on his right. Photo credit: Concacaf Nations League
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Print
Share
Overview:

Reporter Onz Chéry rates each Grenadiers’ performance after a 6-0 win against minnows Sint Maarten in the Concacaf Nations League.

CAP-HAÏTIEN — Haiti men’s soccer players enjoyed an expected dominating 6-0 victory over Sint Maarten in their second game of the 2024-25 Concacaf Nations League at Mayagüez Athletics Stadium in Mayagüez, Puerto Rico on Sept. 9. 

Star striker Duckens Nazon scored a hat trick, Mikaël Cantave bagged a brace and Christopher Attys netted his first goal for Haiti. 

Sign up for our free newsletters.

Haitian Times Newsletter and Daily Roundups
Haitian Excellence
Sign up

Haiti also won its opening game in the competition on Sept. 6, overpowering Puerto Rico 4-1. Les Grenadiers is now in first place in Group C of League B with six points. Monday night’s win was Haiti’s fourth consecutive victory.

Head coach Sebastien Migné mixed his starters with some of his bench players for the Sint Maarten match since Haiti was playing a much weaker side. Most of the players performed well, as expected, against a team that is not even an affiliated member of FIFA. 

However, some players failed to shine against a weak opponent, while others showed their potential and took full advantage of the minutes they were given. Here’s how each player performed with ratings. 

Goalkeeper Johny Placide 7

Placide did not have much to do defensively in the whole game, but one of the two times he did, he spilled the ball from a close-range shot in the first half but quickly caught it back to command control. This gave Haitian fans flashbacks to Friday’s game when Haiti conceded because the rebound of his save fell to a Puerto Rican player for the 1-0 lead over Les Grenadiers. 

Placide made another save in the second half, but he pushed the ball out for a corner kick that time. That shot came from the box from a tight angle. Placide was often off his line — perhaps because he was playing a weaker opponent — prompting the Sint Maarten players to attempt to score from midfield multiple times.

Placide made several passes when he came off his line as if he were playing sweeper. He was calm with the ball at his feet, but some of his passes were sometimes nerve-wracking.

Left back Martin Expérience 8

Expérience assisted the third goal when he attempted to dribble past the opposing keeper but was tripped inside the box. Cantave one-timed the loose ball in the net. Expérience had entered the box after an exquisite one-two with Nazon.

The 25-year-old defender was very offensive, making several runs forward. Except for a few instances here and there, Expérience did not lose the ball much against a Sint Maarten team that sat back. Expérience flicked the ball over one of his opponents in the second half, showcasing his technical ability as a skillful fullback. 

On the defensive side, Expérience was well-positioned to intercept passes. It was his fourth cap for Haiti.

Center back Jean-Kévin Duverne 7

Duverne was not heavily challenged defensively either, but when he did, he disrupted some of Sint Maarten’s attacking plays with solid tackles. Duverne delivered several long balls out of the back as he’s been accustomed to, but some did not find their targets or the player he passed the ball to was marked. 

Duverne, who also plays right-back, showed versatility when he hit an inch-perfect cross in the second half.

Center back Garven-Michée Metusala 7

Metusala was also solid at the back and contributed to the clean sheet except for rare mistakes, such as allowing an opposing player to hit a header during a corner kick. The Canada native, who proved to be an intelligent defender since joining the team in 2022, made a crucial interception in a Sint Maarten counter-attack in the second half.

Metusala slid to right-back in the second half but did not look uncomfortable, making several brilliant passes.

Right back Stephane Lambèse 6

Lambèse had a rather quiet game based on his standards. The former Paris Saint-Germain youth player did not use his pace enough to trouble Sint Maarten’s defense. But to his defense, his opponents sat back, so space to dribble was limited. On one occasion, Lambèse attempted to dazzle past two players but was dispossessed. 

Lambèse only played in the first half.

Right midfielder Louicius Don Deedson 7

Like Lambèse, Deedson failed to use enough speed and tricks on the right flank. Deedson had a shot early in the game, but passing was the better option. The 23-year-old also overhit a corner kick in the first half. Deedson redeemed himself by assisting Attys’ goal with a pinpoint inswinging corner kick. 

The winger was substituted at halftime.

Defensive midfielder Leverton Pierre 8

Pierre redeemed himself Monday night after playing a bad game against Puerto Rico. In that game, he was subbed at halftime after receiving a yellow card for an unnecessary bad foul. Pierre sprayed passes in all directions of the field to his teammates, including intelligent through balls, diagonal passes, and forward passes over the top. Pierre also often switched the play from left to right and vice versa.

Defensively, Pierre was almost always in his position, ready to pounce. Because of his good positioning, he had multiple interceptions and a defensive header on a corner kick. 

Central midfielder Danley Jean Jacques 5

Jean Jacques was substituted in the 25th minute after picking up an injury. Before his injury, some of his passes did not connect, and he had a header just over the bar from a good scoring opportunity. 

Left midfielder Fafa Picault 8

The veteran midfielder was vibrant as usual on the left flank. Picault assisted the fourth goal in the 76th minute with a lovely loop pass to Cantave. 

Picault was quick on his feet to navigate past the sea of Sint Maarten defenders, and his passes were neat. The 33-year-old also had a shot that a defender saved off the line in the 22nd minute.

Central midfielder Dany Jean 6

Jean assisted the second goal in the 59th minute when he one-timed a pass to Nazon in the box, which the star striker headed into the net. But the Port-au-Prince native lost the ball too many times and struck a free-kick that went straight to the wall. Jean also hit a shot that went straight at the keeper and received a yellow card for stepping on the opposing keeper in the 12th minute.

Forward Duckens Nazon 8

The veteran striker did score a hat trick but lost the ball far too many times throughout the match, particularly in the first half. Nazon was either dispossessed, or his passes did not find their target amid Sint Maarten’s crowded defense. 

However, as he often does, Nazon kept looking for the net even during a bad day and ended up scoring three times, but they were three simple finishes.

Nazon scored an open header from the eight-yard box in the 59th minute. The 30-year-old later dribbled past the keeper in a one-on-one situation and then steered the ball into the net in the 75th minute. Nazon took advantage of the space the defenders gave him for his third goal, turning in the box before blasting a low shot into the net.

Central midfielder Christopher Attys 8

The Inter Milan youth product entered the game in the 29th minute and did not take too long to make his presence felt. Attys positioned himself in open spaces and then found his teammates with crisp passes after receiving the ball. He sent Nazon on goal in the 75th minute with a clever through ball.

Attys scored his first goal for Haiti, heading the ball into the net from a corner in the 41st minute.

At 6 ‘1”, Attys also easily galloped past his defenders when he needed to before distributing the ball. He had a deflected shot and another that went just wide from outside the box. 

Defensively, Attys read the game well, and he made several interceptions.

Forward Mikaël Cantave 7

Cantave was subbed in the 75th minute and, similarly to Nazon, scored two easy goals. Cantave scored in his first touch when he drove Picault’s loop pass into the net. The Vancouver FC midfielder found the net again in the 84th minute, striking the ball on frame in an open net.

Center back François Dulysse 6

After subbing in at halftime, Dulysse had a rather quiet game since Sint Maarten’s offense did not cause much trouble. The 25-year-old made simple passes from the back and stayed in position. 

Right back Bryan Labissière 7

Labissière tremendously supported the attack after entering the game after the break. He found an unmarked Nazon in the box after making a run forward in the 82nd minute to collect an assist. The 27-year-old also hit a shot over the bar in the 63rd minute. 

Center back Carl Fred Sainté 6

The Grand-Goâve native played center back rather than his usual defensive midfield role and only played the last 13 minutes of the games. He allowed a cross late in the game. 

Support our work

As an independent publication, we rely on contributions from readers like you to fund our journalism.

ONE-TIME
MONTHLY
ANNUALLY
Donation amount per month
$

Thanks for your contribution!

Contribute Now
Like this:
Loading...
Related

Haiti national team secures Gold Cup spot, League A return with 8-0 win dedicated to injured teammate
Nov. 17, 2024
In "Soccer"

Haiti crushes Puerto Rico 4-1, but questions linger about Migné’s starting 11 | ANALYSIS
Sep. 07, 2024
In "Soccer"

Haiti triumphs over Puerto Rico to complete an undefeated CONCACAF Nations League run
Nov. 19, 2024
In "Haiti"

TAGGED:haiti vs Sint Maarten, latest news
Onz Chéry
onz@haitiantimes.com

Email me at onz@haitiantimes.com
Onz Chery is a Haiti correspondent for The Haitian Times. Chery started his journalism career as a City College of New York student with The Campus. He later wrote for First Touch, local soccer leagues in New York and Elite Sports New York before joining The Haitian Times in 2019.

More by Onz Chéry
Leave a comment
Search for:
Search
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
News
Immigration & Migration
Education
Beauty & Style
Lists & Guides
THT Archives
Contribute
Opinion Submission Guidelines
Republishing Guidelines
Careers
Public Notices
About
About The Haitian Times
Press
Contact
Team
© 2024 The Haitian Times
Powered by Newspack
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://haitiantimes.com/2024/09/10/haiti-players-ratings-in-trouncing-sint-maarten-6-0-in-nations-league/ 
 ----- 
