Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
5-run, 2-out rally propels Padres back into NLDS vs. LA
Share
5-run, 2-out rally propels Padres back into NLDS vs. LA
October 3rd, 2024

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share
;

12 SECONDS REMAINING

SAN DIEGO -- The Padres didn’t even make it into their clubhouse on Wednesday night to celebrate before those three familiar syllables thumped throughout Petco Park, a reminder of what comes next.

One moment, catcher Kyle Higashioka went sprawling to the grass as he held onto Travis d’Arnaud’s popup for the final out of the National League Wild Card Series. The next moment, the Padres were mobbing each other on the infield, celebrating the accomplishment.

And then, just as quickly, came that reminder. The largest crowd in Petco Park history -- 47,705 fans all ready to party after the Padres held on for a 5-4 victory in Game 2 -- broke out in unison: “Beat L.A.”

Indeed, the Padres are again headed north on Interstate 5. There’s another dragon to slay.

“It does always seem to go through the Dodgers,” Padres general manager A.J. Preller said amid the champagne-soaked celebration afterward.

San Diego rode a frenzied five-run second inning, then held on to move to 3-0 in franchise history in the Wild Card round. The prize? The same as it was before: An NL Division Series against the Padres’ Southern California rivals.

For the third time in five years, the Padres and Dodgers will meet in the NLDS. The Padres were swept in 2020, before stunning the 111-win Dodgers in ‘22. It was that summer that beloved late Padres owner Peter Seidler proclaimed the Dodgers as, “That dragon up the freeway we’re trying to slay.”

Two years later, the playing field has leveled. The Padres took the NL West race to the final week of the season. Then, when they missed out on a division title with a loss at Dodger Stadium, they boldly declared that they’d be back.

They will be -- with a chance to settle the score. The two teams opened the big league season by splitting two games in Seoul in March. Now they’re set for a best-of-five in October.

“We've been going at it all year,” said third baseman Manny Machado. “It's been playoff baseball since Korea. Enjoy this moment today, and then get ready for them.”

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

7:03 PM UTC

Padres look to continue success in signing top int'l prospects

4:29 PM UTC

What are Padres' plans behind the plate?

January 6th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

The Padres earned their trip to Los Angeles with an emphatic two-game sweep of the Braves -- though the victory on Wednesday was tempered by Joe Musgrove’s early exit due to right elbow tightness. (The extent of the injury remains unknown; Musgrove will undergo imaging on Thursday morning).

The Padres fell behind in the first inning but then loaded the bases in the bottom half against Max Fried, who somehow wriggled out of the jam. Fried rode that momentum into the second inning, then…

FAQ: Padres-Dodgers NL Division Series Game 1

Six straight hits and a five-spot for the Padres.

“First, that happens when you have no outs, bases loaded,” rookie center fielder Jackson Merrill said. “And then you have two outs and get six straight hits. It's baseball.”

Higashioka’s second home run in as many nights opened the scoring for the Padres and reignited Petco Park. The next three hitters reached base via singles, bringing Machado to the plate with the bases loaded.

He laced a double. Merrill followed with a triple off the center-field wall. As he rounded the bases and dove into third, the ballpark shook. Per STATS, The Padres became the first team in postseason history to record a stretch of six consecutive hits, while hitting for a cycle among those six hits.

“Two outs, nobody on -- we're really good at that,” Padres manager Mike Shildt said. “It's a big part of our identity with our club, the mantra of, ‘We're going to compete regardless of circumstances.’ Nobody on, we'll figure it out, get it going.”

Musgrove exited two innings later, but the Padres pieced it together from there. Michael Harris II’s two-run homer off Jason Adam brought the Braves within one in the eighth. But closer Robert Suarez, who struggled down the stretch, worked a clean ninth inning.

The final out was tricky. d’Arnaud’s popup was equidistant between Higashioka and first baseman Donovan Solano. The two collided, with Higashioka toppling over Solano before helping him to his feet as the celebrations broke out.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

And then… that reminder. The Padres and Dodgers have staged some classics this season. It’s time to settle the 2024 edition of their rivalry.

“We're in the part of the season where winner moves on,” Shildt said. “And we wouldn't want it any other way. It's going to be a wonderful series. We're super excited about it. … It's going to be two wonderful venues and high-stakes baseball. That's what we play for.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

7:25 PM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/padres-rally-for-5-runs-in-2nd-inning-of-game-2-vs-braves 
 ----- 
