Arab News Thursday .  January 02, 2025
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Saudi Arabia
Business & Economy
Saudi Football
Middle-East
Sport
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Houthis hold mass rally for Gaza in Yemen capital
Houthis hold mass rally for Gaza in Yemen capital
Demonstrators, one holding a Palestinian flag, take part in a march in solidarity with the people of Gaza in the Huthi-controlled capital Sanaa on January 5, 2024 amid the ongoing battles between Israel and the militant Hamas group in Gaza. (AFP)
Short Url

https://arab.news/phet8

The demonstrators held up pictures of Houthi fighters killed Sunday in a US strike on rebel vessels in the Red Sea
Updated 06 January 2024
AFP
January 06, 2024 02:05
999
     
 Follow

SANAA: Thousands rallied in support of Gaza in the rebel-controlled Yemeni capital Sanaa on Friday, chanting anti-US and anti-Israeli slogans.
The Houthis have launched more than 20 attacks on merchant ships in the Red Sea in recent weeks, saying they are acting in solidarity with Palestinians in the face of Israel’s war on Hamas.
Since the outbreak of the war on October 7, the Iran-backed rebels have organized weekly protests in Sanaa but Friday’s demonstration was the “largest” so far, spokesman Mohammad Abdel Salam said.
“Millions of people” took part, he said on social media platform X.
A photographer who collaborates with AFP witnessed a flypast over the crowds by rebel helicopters and warplanes.
Aerial footage released by the Houthis’ Ansarullah Media Center showed a sea of protesters flooding the capital’s Al-Sabeen Square, carrying Palestinian and Hezbollah flags.
“Allahu Akbar (God is greatest). Death to America. Death to Israel,” they chanted.
The demonstrators also held up pictures of Houthi fighters killed Sunday in a US strike on rebel vessels in the Red Sea.
The US military said it had sunk three Houthi boats following attacks on a container vessel run by shipping giant Maersk. The rebels said 10 of their fighters were killed.
“We challenge you, America, to approach our coasts,” Houthi supporter Abdulkarim Al-Marwani told AFP as he took part in the protest.
“We will make the sea, as we made the land, a graveyard for America and Israel. We will make the sea a sinking zone and an incinerator for America and Israel,” he added.
The attacks on shipping by the Houthis, who control much of Yemen’s Red Sea coast, have caused major disruption to a waterway that carries about 12 percent of global trade.
Twelve nations led by the United States jointly warned the Houthis on Wednesday of unspecified consequences unless they immediately halt their attacks.
But Sanaa protester Hazaa Sarhan warned: “Even if you unite the forces of the entire world and the forces of all the European countries, they will never intimidate us.”
 

 

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA YEMEN HOUTHIS PALESTINE GAZA US
You May Also Like
The World’s Most Stunning Blue Flag Beaches Ranked: Top 20 List
zenlifemag
Learn More
Saudi Arabia executes 6 Iranians for drug trafficking
arabnews
Unsold eco friendly homes in Taipei (Take a look at the prices)
Eco Homes | Search Ad
Learn More
Israel’s former defense chief Galla nt quits politics
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
RELATED
 1797
Yemen’s Presidential Leadership Council asks Houthis not to start a new war
 1535
US, EU top diplomats in renewed push to halt Gaza war spillover
Gaza’s Islamic Jihad says Israeli hostage tried to take own life
One of the group’s medical teams intervened and prevented him from dying
Updated 02 January 2025
REUTERS
January 02, 2025 11:08
174
     

DUBAI: An Israeli hostage held by Gaza’s Islamic Jihad militant group has tried to take his own life, the spokesperson for the movement’s armed wing said in a video posted on Telegram on Thursday.
One of the group’s medical teams intervened and prevented him from dying, the Al Quds Brigades spokesperson added, without going into any more detail on the hostage’s identity or current condition.
Israeli authorities did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Militants led by Gaza’s ruling Hamas movement killed 1,200 people and took 251 others hostage in an attack in southern Israel on Oct. 7, 2023, according to Israeli tallies. Hamas ally Islamic Jihad also took part in the assault.
The military campaign that Israel launched in response has killed more than 45,500 Palestinians, according to health officials in the coastal enclave.
Islamic Jihad spokesman Abu Hamza said the hostage had tried to take his own life three days ago due to his psychological state, without going into more details.
Abu Hamza accused Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s government of setting new conditions that had led to “the failure and delay” of negotiations for the hostage’s release.
The man had been scheduled to be released with other hostages under the conditions of the first stage of an exchange deal with Israel, Abu Hamza said. He did not specify when the man had been scheduled to be released or under which deal.
Arab mediators’ efforts, backed by the United States, have so far failed to conclude a ceasefire in Gaza, under a possible deal that would also see the release of Israeli hostages in return for the freedom of Palestinians in Israeli prisons.
Islamic Jihad’s armed wing had issued a decision to tighten the security and safety measures for the hostages, Abu Hamza added.
In July, Islamic Jihad’s armed wing said some Israeli hostages had tried to kill themselves after it started treating them in what it said was the same way that Israel treated Palestinian prisoners.
“We will keep treating Israeli hostages the same way Israel treats our prisoners,” Abu Hamza said at that time. Israel has dismissed accusations that it mistreats Palestinian prisoners.

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA
You May Also Like
Explore the Top 20 Cleanest and Safest Blue Flag Beaches Worldwi de
zenlifemag
Learn More
Mother’s fight for education breaks disability stigma in rural Bangladesh
arabnews
The 10 Best Laser Cutting Machin es 2024 - See Cost
Laser Cutting Machines
Search Now
Bangladesh court again rejects bail for Hindu leader who led ralli es
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
Israeli airstrikes kill at least 37 across Gaza, medics say
Updated 31 min ago
AGENCIES
January 02, 2025 14:26
132
     

CAIRO: Israeli airstrikes killed at least 37 Palestinians across the Gaza Strip on Thursday, including 11 people in a tent encampment sheltering displaced families, medics said.
They said the 11 included women and children in the Al-Mawasi district, which was designated as a humanitarian zone for civilians earlier in the war between Israel and Gaza’s ruling Hamas militant group, now in its 15th month. The director general of Gaza’s police department, Mahmoud Salah, and his aide, Hussam Shahwan, were killed in the strike, according to the Hamas-run Gaza interior ministry.
“By committing the crime of assassinating the director general of police in the Gaza Strip, the occupation is insisting on spreading chaos in the (enclave) and deepening the human suffering of citizens,” it added in a statement.
The Israeli military said it had conducted an intelligence-based strike in Al-Mawasi, just west of the city of Khan Younis, and eliminated Shahwan, calling him the head of Hamas security forces in southern Gaza. It made no mention of Salah’s death.
Other Israeli airstrikes killed at least 26 Palestinians, including six in the interior ministry headquarters in Khan Younis and others in north Gaza’s Jabalia refugee camp, the Shati (Beach) camp and central Gaza’s Maghazi camp.
Israel’s military said it had targeted Hamas militants who intelligence indicated were operating in a command and control center “embedded inside the Khan Younis municipality building in the Humanitarian Area.”
Asked about the reported 37 deaths, a spokesperson for the Israeli military said it followed international law in waging the war in Gaza and that it took “feasible precautions to mitigate civilian harm.”
The military has accused Gaza militants of using built-up residential areas for cover. Hamas denies this.
Hamas’ smaller ally Islamic Jihad said it fired rockets into the southern Israeli kibbutz of Holit near Gaza on Thursday. The Israeli military said it intercepted one projectile in the area that had crossed from southern Gaza. Israel has killed more than 45,500 Palestinians in the war, according to Gaza’s health ministry. Most of Gaza’s 2.3 million people have been displaced and much of the tiny, heavily built-up coastal territory is in ruins. The war was triggered by Hamas’ Oct. 7, 2023 cross-border attack on southern Israel in which 1,200 people were killed and another 251 taken hostage to Gaza, according to Israeli tallies. 

       Follow
Topics: WAR ON GAZA
RELATED
 174
Gaza’s Islamic Jihad says Israeli hostage tried to take own life
 416
Tens of thousands of people in Istanbul protest Gaza war
27 migrants die off Tunisia, 83 rescued, in shipwrecks: civil defence
Updated 02 January 2025
AFP
January 02, 2025 14:09
131
     

TUNIS:  Twenty-seven migrants, including women and children, died after two boats capsized off central Tunisia, with 83 people rescued, a civil defense official told AFP on Thursday.
The rescued and dead passengers, who were found off the Kerkennah Islands off central Tunisia, were aiming to reach Europe and were all from sub-Saharan African countries, said Zied Sdiri, head of civil defense in the city of Sfax.
Searches were still underway for other possible missing passengers, according to the Tunisian National Guard, which oversees the coast guard.
Tunisia is a key departure point for irregular migrants seeking to reach Europe with Italy, whose island of Lampedusa is only 150 kilometers (90 miles) from Tunisia, often their first port of call.
Each year, tens of thousands of people attempt the perilous Mediterranean crossing, which has seen a spate of recent shipwrecks, with the dangers exacerbated by bad weather.
On December 18, at least 20 migrants from sub-Saharan Africa died in a shipwreck off the city of Sfax, with five others missing.
Earlier on December 12, the coast guard rescued 27 African migrants near Jebeniana, north of Sfax, but 15 were reported dead or missing.
Since the beginning of the year, the Tunisian human rights group FTDES has counted “between 600 and 700” migrants killed or missing in shipwrecks off Tunisia. More than 1,300 migrants died or disappeared in 2023.
kl/bou/dcp

       Follow
Syria forces launch security sweep in Homs city: state media
Syrian security forces are conducting a security sweep in the city of Homs, state media reported on Thursday
Updated 02 January 2025
AFP
January 02, 2025 08:00
393
     

DAMASCUS: Syrian security forces are conducting a security sweep in the city of Homs, state media reported on Thursday, with a monitor saying targets include protest organizers from the Alawite minority of the former president.
“The Ministry of Interior, in cooperation with the Military Operations Department, begins a wide-scale combing operation in the neighborhoods of Homs city,” state news agency SANA said quoting a security official.
The statement said the targets were “war criminals and those involved in crimes who refused to hand over their weapons and go to the settlement centers” but also “fugitives from justice, in addition to hidden ammunition and weapons.”
Since Islamist-led rebels seized power in a lightning offensive last month, the transitional government has been registering former conscripts and soldiers and asking them to hand over their weapons.
“The Ministry of Interior calls on the residents of the neighborhoods of Wadi Al-Dhahab, Akrama not to go out to the streets, remain home, and fully cooperate with our forces,” the statement said.
Rami Abdel Rahman, who heads the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights war monitor, told AFP the two districts are majority-Alawite — the community from which ousted President Bashar Assad hails.
“The ongoing campaign aims to search for former Shabiha and those who organized or participated in the Alawite demonstrations last week, which the administration considered as incitement against” its authority, he said.
Shabiha were notorious pro-government militias tasked with helping to crush dissent under Assad.
On December 25, thousands protested in several areas of Syria after a video circulated showing an attack on an Alawite shrine in the country’s north.
AFP was unable to independently verify the footage or the date of the incident but the interior ministry said the video was “old and dates to the time of the liberation” of Aleppo in December.
Since seizing power, Syria’s new leadership has repeatedly tried to reassure minorities that they will not be harmed.
Alawites fear backlash against their community both as a religious minority and because of its long association with the Assad family.
Last week, security forces launched an operation against pro-Assad fighters in the western province of Tartus, in the Alawite heartland, state media had said, a day after 14 security personnel of the new authorities and three gunmen were killed in clashes there.

       Follow
Topics: FALL OF ASSAD
RELATED
 119
VIDEO
Saudi Arabia launches air bridge to deliver urgent aid to Syria
 294
11 years on, Syria protesters demand answers on abducted activists
Palestinian Authority suspends broadcast of Qatar’s Al-Jazeera TV temporarily
The authority accuses the broadcaster of sowing division in the Middle East and Palestine
The authority says Al-Jazeera was airing 'inciting material' from Jenin camp in the West Bank
Updated 02 January 2025
REUTERS
January 02, 2025 09:33
111
     

CAIRO: The Palestinian Authority suspended the broadcast of Qatar’s Al-Jazeera TV temporarily over “inciting material,” Palestinian official news agency WAFA reported on Wednesday.
A ministerial committee that includes the culture, interior and communications ministries decided to suspend the broadcaster’s operations over what they described as broadcasting “inciting material and reports that were deceiving and stirring strife” in the country.
The decision isn’t expected to be implemented in Hamas-run Gaza where the Palestinian Authority does not exercise power.
Al-Jazeera TV last week came under criticism by the Palestinian Authority over its coverage of the weeks-long standoff between Palestinian security forces and militant fighters in the Jenin camp in the occupied West Bank.
Fatah, the faction which controls the Palestinian Authority, said the broadcaster was sowing division in “our Arab homeland in general and in Palestine in particular.” It encouraged Palestinians not to cooperate with the network.
Israeli forces in September issued Al-Jazeera with a military order to shut down operations, after they raided the outlet’s bureau in the West Bank city of Ramallah.

 

       Follow
Topics: AL-JAZEERA PALESTINE
Latest Updates
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
 13
Closing Bell: Saudi Arabia’s TASI closes in green at 12,103
 22
Sri Lanka launches nationwide program to become ‘cleanest country in Asia’
 42
Saudi Foreign Minister receives his Syrian counterpart
 62
Malaysia grants WeChat, TikTok licenses to operate under new law
 26
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 626
WORLD
How questions of sovereignty and security are fueling instability in the Sahel
 532
SAUDI ARABIA
2024 Year in Review: The events that testified to Saudi Arabia’s transformation
 1187
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2436971/middle-east 
 ----- 
