주요서비스 바로가기
본문 바로가기
매체정보 바로가기
로그인 바로가기
기사검색 바로가기
전체서비스 바로가기
상단영역
Log in
Register
기사제보
2025-01-02 21:18 (목)
facebook
twitter
youtube
PREDICTION
 
NEWS
Asia Europe World
 
Transfer News
 
Interview
 
Special
 
Database
 
한국어 뉴스
 
Board
 
Media
검색
본문영역
현재위치
홈
 NEWS ASIA
What do Takefusa Kubo think about the Asian Cup?
이전 기사보기
다음 기사보기
기자명
Dave Thomson Kim 기자  입력 2024.01.05 08:45 수정 2024.01.06 20:29 댓글 0
 
SNS 기사보내기
기사저장
 
페이스북(으)로 기사보내기
 
트위터(으)로 기사보내기
 
카카오스토리(으)로 기사보내기
 
URL복사(으)로 기사보내기
 
이메일(으)로 기사보내기
 
다른 공유 찾기
 
바로가기
 
본문 글씨 키우기
 
본문 글씨 줄이기
Kubo Takefusa of Japan / Getty Images

 

Takefusa Kubo, who recently caused controversy with his remarks regarding selection for the Asian Cup, has also become uncertain about his participation in the Asian Cup.

On the 4th (Korean time), Real Sociedad announced on its official website, “Kubo suffered a left thigh injury during the match against Deportivo Alaves and has begun physical therapy.”

Kubo raised several topics after playing the league game against Alaves on the 3rd. On this day, Sociedad drew 1-1 with Alaves and maintained 6th place in the league (32 points).

First, he emphasized that La Liga should provide more protection to its players. In an interview with broadcaster ‘DAZN’, “I try to entertain the fans by playing with the ball, but that is difficult. The referee or opponent does not protect me. Even if they don't intend to, they are causing a lot of damage. “I need to protect myself more, and I need to protect my players more,” he said.

However, Kubo deleted his request for La Liga due to a slip of the tongue regarding the Asian Cup. “It is unfortunate that the Asian Cup is being held while La Liga is being held. The one who pays me is Sociedad. It is mandatory to attend the Asian Cup. “I have to go,” he said, expressing a negative view on mandatory selection for the Asian Cup.

He then tried to calm things down by saying, “Still, I’m very happy to be able to represent Japan in the Asian Cup,” but he couldn’t pick up the words that had already poured out.

However, due to this injury, Kubo's participation in the upcoming Asian Cup has become uncertain. Considering the extent of his recovery through physical therapy, it is highly likely that it is not a major injury, but we cannot rule out the possibility that a detailed diagnosis may yield different results.

First of all, Kubo plans to join the Japanese national team and watch his recovery. “Kubo will travel to join the Japan national team in the coming hours, where he will continue to receive treatment,” Sociedad said. In Spain, it was predicted that Kubo would remain in the Asian Cup national team after undergoing additional medical tests.

 Dave Thomson Kim 기자 dave_kim@football-asian.com 기자의 다른기사 
저작권자 © 풋볼아시안 무단전재 및 재배포 금지
관련기사
Lee Kang-in won his first trophy at Paris Saint-Germain
K-League ticket revenue has increased tremendously
VFF’s President Tran Quoc Tuan meets and encourages the Vietnam team
Kim Min-jae: “If we meet Japan, we will definitely win”
BBC Team of the Week : Hwang Hee-Chan again!
Big clubs are keeping an eye on ‘The Korean Guy’ Hwang Hee-chan
Join the Action: AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™ Fantasy Football is Now LIVE!
AFC ASIAN CUP QATAR 2023 : One week to go to the grandest-ever showpiece
South Korea beat Iraq 1-0
이 시각 추천뉴스
Cambodia eyes Park Hang-seo
Cho Gue-sung's injury is more serious than expected
Senol Gunes strongly wants to become the coach of the S. Korean national team
Hwang In-beom's PL dream is still ON
Two Dutch clubs want to sign Hwang In-beom
KIM Min-jae is returning to Italy?
Ha Hyeok-Jun is Laos' new head coach
Cambodia eyes Park Hang-seo
0개의 댓글
회원로그인
작성자
 
비밀번호
댓글 내용입력
0 / 400
등록
댓글 정렬
최신순 추천순 답글순
 BEST댓글
주요기사
Hwang Hee-chan did what he had to do for Wolves
Gangwon FC CEO guarantees Yang Min-hyuk's success in London
AWCL draw to set up Knockout Stage battles
FC Seoul signs Moon Seon-Min from Jeonbuk
K-League to hit record revenue in 2024
Pohang signs new deal with Kim Jong-woo
	
최신뉴스
Hwang Hee-chan did what he had to do for Wolves
Gangwon FC CEO guarantees Yang Min-hyuk's success in London
AWCL draw to set up Knockout Stage battles
FC Seoul signs Moon Seon-Min from Jeonbuk
K-League to hit record revenue in 2024
포토뉴스
Hwang Hee-chan did what he had to do for Wolves
Gangwon FC CEO guarantees Yang Min-hyuk's success in London
AWCL draw to set up Knockout Stage battles
FC Seoul signs Moon Seon-Min from Jeonbuk
K-League to hit record revenue in 2024
인기뉴스
1
Hwang Hee-chan did what he had to do for Wolves
2
Gangwon FC CEO guarantees Yang Min-hyuk's success in London
3
AWCL draw to set up Knockout Stage battles
4
FC Seoul signs Moon Seon-Min from Jeonbuk
5
K-League to hit record revenue in 2024
하단영역
하단메뉴
About Us Tip-Off AD offer 이용약관 개인정보처리방침 청소년보호정책 저작권보호정책 이메일무단수집거부
매체정보
경기도 수원시 팔달구 중부대로 110 101동 1104호
대표전화 : 010-8454-3350
청소년보호책임자 : 최태호
법인명 : (주)엠앤엠미디어그룹
제호 : 풋볼아시안
등록번호 : 경기 아 52838
등록일 : 2021-04-14
발행일 : 2021-04-14
발행·편집인 : 한준희
풋볼아시안 모든 콘텐츠(영상,기사, 사진)는 저작권법의 보호를 받는 바, 무단 전재와 복사, 배포 등을 금합니다.
Copyright © 2025 풋볼아시안. All rights reserved. mail to founder@football-asian.com
전체메뉴
전체기사
PREDICTION
NEWS
Transfer News
Interview
Special
한국어 뉴스
Media
전체메뉴닫기
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.football-asian.com/news/articleView.html?idxno=4332 
 ----- 
