CLOSE
Weather
51°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Sponsored Content
Sponsored Content | Spanish
Timeless in Texas
Marketplace
More
Help Center
Classifieds
Obituaries
Guides
Back to the Ballot
Parents' Guide to Summer
Voter Guide
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Topics
Soccer
Golf
Today's Articles in Print
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
The Texas Legislature’s odd couple saves lives and demands truth
Leaving undercover work for Dallas Cowboys was a game-changer for Larry Wansley’s family
What we know about the home break-ins of Dallas pro-athletes Luka Doncic, Tyler Seguin
Biden administration agrees to stop selling extra border wall material, Paxton says
Dallas’ most esoteric restaurant to close — an end to the city’s most interesting food
What’s next for Mercy Culture Church after Fort Worth approves human trafficking shelter
Foggy morning to clear for sunny skies in Dallas-Fort Worth area Sunday
Dallas Stars forward Tyler Seguin’s home broken into earlier this season
1 dead after shooting, suspect fatally shot self during police pursuit, Fort Worth PD says
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSFC DALLAS

Local fans getting ready to cheer Mexico vs. Brazil in College Station and Copa America
A small garage in Dallas is the epicenter of unconditional support for El Tri.

By Abraham Nudelstejer

Staff Writer

May 31, 2024
|
Updated 10:00 a.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Left to right: Ariel Lopez, 40, Fernando Alva, 38, Daniel Correa, 31, and Zoey Alva, 9, right, sing and dance with a group of friends as they practice soccer match songs on Friday night, May 17, 2024 in Dallas. About 50 Mexican soccer fans from Leon, Guanajuato, Mexico, will attend the soccer match between the Mexican National Team and Brazil at College Station later this summer.(Ben Torres / Special Contributor)

Daniel Correa’s Mexican national soccer team jersey was soaked with sweat as he jumped inside a small garage in the Skyline area on a recent hot, muggy Friday night.

“Rooting for Mexico is my passion,” said the ecstatic Dallas resident while fixing his gaze on a Mexican flag with the image of the Virgin of Guadalupe embroidered in the center covering a bar table.

Correa is part of “Los de Arriba Texas,” a group of 50 fans, mainly from the Mexican city of León, who gathered in the garage to rehearse chants they like to use during Mexico’s matches.

The group is preparing to support El Tri in an upcoming June 8 friendly against Brazil in College Station, which is expected to set an attendance record in the United States.

Sports Roundup

Get the latest D-FW sports news, analysis, scores and more.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

They will also be present at the Copa America matches, which will be played across the United States from June 20 to July 14.

The México-Brazil match, which could exceed 100,000 fans, will be the last for both teams before the start of Copa America. Fourteen venues in the U.S., including AT&T Stadium in Arlington, were selected to host the tournament that’s spanning two continents.

ADVERTISEMENT

Copa America will be a do-or-die contest for Mexico and its coach, Jaime Lozano, after losing to the United States in the Concacaf Nations League Final, played at AT&T Stadium in March.

Lozano will likely need to take El Tri deep into the tournament to keep his job until the 2026 World Cup.

Fan support during the tournament will be critical for Mexico to match its best performance, which happened in the 1993 Copa America played in Ecuador when Mexico fell 2-1 in the final against Argentina.

Local fans geting ready to cheer Mexico against Brazil in College Station and Copa America
ADVERTISEMENT
Addiction for El Tri

The two-car garage in Skyline has a big-screen TV and a bar with drinks including rum, tequila and whiskey.

On the floor, a giant boom box was playing cumbias, a rhythm originally from Colombia that can make anyone dance.

The mixed sound of drums and cymbals creates a festive atmosphere, encouraging the group members to jump and sing nonstop.

Although it was just a rehearsal, the music and chants made the garage feel like a soccer match was being played in a crowded stadium.

“Supporting Mexico is like an addiction for us,” trumpeter Ariel López, 40, said.

The garage is decorated with images, posters and photographs of Club León, one of Mexico’s oldest and most storied soccer teams.

ADVERTISEMENT

Los de Arriba Texas started 10 years ago as an entity to support Club León. It later evolved into a group of fans accompanying the Mexican national team in most of its games in the United States.

“I am proud of my national team because it represents the land where I was born. You feel it. You carry it in your blood,” Correa, 31, said.

Ariel Lopez, 40, carries a bass drum as he arrives to a friend's home on Friday night, May 17, 2024 in Dallas. Lopez, along with a group of Mexican soccer fans from Leon, Guanajuato, Mexico, will attend the soccer match between the Mexican National Team and Brazil at College Station later this summer.(Ben Torres / Special Contributor)
Unconditional support

The Mexico-Brazil confrontation has become a bitter rivalry over time.

ADVERTISEMENT

The first match occurred in the 1950 World Cup, which took place on Brazilian soil. Brazil won 4-0.

Since, the teams have faced each other 41 times. Brazil has won 24, lost 10 and drawn seven times.

Although Brazil has been superior in the series, between 1999 and 2007, Mexico achieved a streak of six wins, two draws and one defeat against the five-time world champion.

Mexico’s victory over Brazil in 1999 was the Confederations Cup final held at Azteca Stadium. That is the only FIFA trophy a Mexican team with no age limit has won.

ADVERTISEMENT

Mexico won the gold medal at the London Olympics, beating Brazil in 2012.

“The game against Brazil is a classic for us. It is a game we cannot afford to lose,” said Juan Rodríguez, a fan who is part of Los de Arriba Texas.

Los de Arriba Texas members are Dallas residents who are construction workers, heavy equipment operators, gardeners and property maintenance workers, among others.

All of them have found a way to divide their time among work, caring for family and supporting the Mexican team.

ADVERTISEMENT

Local fans are preparing to support Mexico in the upcoming Copa América.

For the tournament, Mexico was placed in Group B along with Ecuador, Venezuela and Jamaica.

The United States, Uruguay, Panama, and Bolivia are in Group C.

USMNT’s first game of the Copa America will be June 23 against Bolivia at AT&T Stadium.

ADVERTISEMENT

If Mexico finishes in first place in Group B, it will face the first runner-up in Group A at AT&T Stadium, which could mean the presence of Lionel Messi and Argentina in North Texas.

“We want Mexico to win every game no matter what, but if they lose, our passion for Mexico won’t diminish. We will always be here to support our national team,” Correa said.

A group of Mexican soccer fans pose for a photo with family on Friday night, May 17, 2024 in Dallas. About 50 Mexican soccer fans from Leon, Guanajuato, Mexico, will attend the soccer match between the Mexican National Team and Brazil at College Station later this summer.(Ben Torres / Special Contributor)
Related:Copa America 2024: USMNT set to play against Bolivia at AT&T Stadium
ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
USWNT’s Trinity Rodman opens up on relationship with Dennis Rodman: ‘He’s not a dad’
Dallas Trinity FC falls to Brooklyn in battle of USL Super League’s top teams
Arlington mayor knocks ‘Dallas Stadium’ name change for 2026 World Cup

For more sports coverage from The Dallas Morning News, click here.

To view subscription options for The News and SportsDay, click here.

More about:
Hispanic DFW
By Abraham Nudelstejer

News reporter with more than 25 years of experience in media outlets. He arrived at The Dallas Morning News in January 2020 and has held different positions for the DMN and Al Día. He has received several awards as a reporter and editor, including the Texas APME Awards and the José Martí Award.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Dallas ‘miracle’ made of collectible cars
2
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
3
Biden administration agrees to stop selling extra border wall material, Paxton says
4
Dallas’ most esoteric restaurant to close — an end to the city’s most interesting food
5
Texas Tech defensive back accuses Arkansas player of intentionally stepping on ankle
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2024 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/fc-dallas/2024/05/31/local-fans-geting-ready-to-cheer-mexico-against-brazil-in-college-station-and-copa-america/ 
 ----- 
