Copa America

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Lucas Paqueta cleared to play at Copa America by Brazil following alleged betting breaches charge
By Ali Rampling and Thom Harris
May 31, 2024

The Brazil football federation (CBF) has cleared Lucas Paqueta to play at the 2024 Copa America following his alleged betting breaches charge.

The CBF state it wrote to the English Football Association (FA) for clarity on a number of issues related to Paqueta’s case, including whether a decision is expected before the conclusion of the Copa America and if the FA has submitted a request to FIFA for a worldwide extension to any potential sanctions.

Quoting correspondence with the FA’s director of integrity Tarik Shamel, the CBF concluded it could not prohibit the West Ham United midfielder from representing the national team as he is not provisionally suspended from playing for his club or country and there is no date estimation for a final decision on the case.

Paqueta has until June 3 to respond to the charges, which he denies. The CBF state it was informed by the FA that due to the details of the case it anticipates an extension to respond to the allegations may be requested.

The CBF president Ednaldo Rodrigues said in a statement he wrote to the FA’s chief executive Mark Bullingham with four questions on Paqueta’s case: Has the FA adopted any provisional measures against him, are there any interim measures requested by the FA from the relevant judicial bodies, when are charges brought by the FA expected to be heard by the disciplinary committee and is a decision expected to come before July 14, and has the FA submitted to FIFA any request for the worldwide extension of any sanctions possibly imposed?

The CBF stated the FA “had not received any provisional suspension order against Lucas Paqueta and therefore there is no impediment to him continuing to play at this time”.

A CBF statement read: “In summary, based on the information provided by the FA, it is categorically concluded that the player Lucas Paqueta, despite the conduct for which he was reported authorising preventive removal, as provided for in E16.1 of the FA regulations, was not punished to date by the processing entity and legitimised to sanction him.

“And, so to speak, it is right to say that the athlete is free to exercise his professional role until the present moment, the source of his livelihood and that of his family, in a full and unrestricted manner, whether through his club or through the selection of his team or country of origin.

“In view of the facts reported by the English Federation, the CBF, supported by the opinion prepared jointly by the legal, governance, and compliance directorates and the integrity unit, decides to maintain the player’s call-up.”

	(George Wood/Getty Images)

Paqueta said in a press conference: “I would just like to publicly thank president Ednaldo for the effort he made in investigating the facts of everything that has happened to me and for the permanence of my call-up. I also thank Rodrigo Caetano (general executive coordinator of the men’s national teams), Dorival Junior and the fans who supported my call-up.”

Paqueta was charged with misconduct by FA (FA) on May 23 in relation to alleged betting breaches.

The FA opened an investigation into the 26-year-old last August, and he has been charged with four alleged breaches of FA Rule E5.1 in relation to his conduct in West Ham’s Premier League fixtures against Leicester City on November 12, 2022, Aston Villa on March 12, 2023, Leeds United on May 21, 2023, and Bournemouth on August 12, 2023.

The FA said that Paqueta “sought to influence the progress, conduct, or any other aspect of, or occurrence in these matches by intentionally seeking to receive a card from the referee for the improper purpose of affecting the betting market in order for one or more persons to profit from betting”.

Paqueta has also been charged with two breaches of FA Rule F3 “in respect of alleged failures to comply pursuant to FA Rule F2”.

Paqueta said on social media: “I am extremely surprised and upset that the FA has decided to charge me. For nine months, I have cooperated with every step of their investigation and provided all the information I can.

“I deny the charges in their entirety and will fight with every breath to clear my name. Due to the ongoing process, I will not be providing further comment.”

Paqueta, capped 44 times by Brazil, was named in their provisional Copa America squad on May 10.

Brazil face two friendlies against Mexico on June 9 and the USMNT on June 13. They begin their Copa America campaign against Costa Rica on June 24 before playing Paraguay four days later and completing their group stage against Colombia on July 2.

GO DEEPER

What are West Ham and Lucas Paqueta's legal options?

Why is Paqueta so important to Brazil?

Analysis from The Athletic’s Thom Harris

Brazil find themselves in a unique spot ahead of this summer’s Copa America; a squad naturally bursting with style and flair, but one that has turned to experience and pragmatism on the sidelines to arrest a pre-tournament slide.

In that regard, Lucas Paqueta bridges the gap. Chief showman in the Brazilian midfield, but one who brings grit and defensive tenacity without the ball.

With Bruno Guimaraes in a No.6 role, Paqueta should have license to push forward on the left of a midfield three, where his adventurous attacking play will see him from the crucial link between deep-lying playmakers and the front three.

His quality was very much on show in Brazil’s 1-0 win over England at Wembley, flicks-and-tricks aplenty as he drifted into dangerous pockets of space and clipped pass after pass over the top for dangerous wingers to run on to.

Such creativity without sacrificing defensive desire — he contested 17 ground duels and committed six fouls in that game — means he is arguably one of the first names on Dorival Jr’s team sheet.

(Manu Reino/DeFodi Images via Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5531465/2024/05/31/paqueta-brazil-copa-america-betting-charge/ 
 ----- 
