Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cy, sealed, delivered? Cole pitches shutout to wrap stellar season
Share
Cy, sealed, delivered? Cole pitches shutout to wrap stellar season
September 28th, 2023

Bryan Hoch

@BryanHoch
Share

0:02

2:23

TORONTO -- All that’s left to do now is count the ballots.

Gerrit Cole put the finishing touches upon what is likely to be his first Cy Young Award-winning season on Wednesday evening, tossing his second shutout of the year in the Yankees’ 6-0 victory over the Blue Jays at Rogers Centre.

Backed by a pair of Aaron Judge homers, Cole permitted just two hits in a sparkling 105-pitch effort, concluding his campaign with a 15-4 record and an American League-best 2.63 ERA. Only the Padres’ Blake Snell (2.25) has a lower ERA across the Majors.

“I just try to go out there and give [the team] the best chance to win I possibly can that day, and leave it all on the field,” Cole said. “That’s my goal going into every season. You need a lot of help from your teammates in order to have success.”

Seeking to become the first Yankee to win a Cy Young Award since Roger Clemens in 2001, the 33-year-old Cole provided what Judge called “the cherry on top of an incredible season.” Cole leads the AL in innings (209), WHIP (0.98) and opponents’ batting average (.206), while his 222 strikeouts rank third in the AL.

• Cole's Cy Young case, from a different POV

On Wednesday, the remarkably durable Cole also became the 12th active pitcher to make 300 career starts, while helping the Yanks (81-77) secure their 31st consecutive non-losing season.

“He’s the best pitcher in the game,” Judge said. “This is Gerrit Cole’s era, that’s for sure. He’s the benchmark for what an ace is supposed to be like, on and off the field.”

Judge cracked his 36th and 37th home runs, hitting a two-run long ball off José Berríos in the fourth inning and launching another two-run blast off Trevor Richards in the seventh. Giancarlo Stanton also supported Cole’s effort with a two-run single.

“It’s kind of fitting that Aaron has that night on the night Gerrit probably locks up the Cy Young Award,” manager Aaron Boone said. “It’s fun to watch two great players do their thing.”

Related
Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

January 9th, 2025

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

Steinbrenner addresses Yanks' hot topics at Owners Meetings

November 21st, 2024

After triggering opt-out, Cole staying with Yanks on existing deal

November 5th, 2024

Cole opts out; Yanks can void it by adding $36 million to contract (source)

November 3rd, 2024

The Yankees won each of Cole’s final seven starts, as the right-hander went 5-0 with a 1.29 ERA (7 ER, 48 2/3 IP) and 52 strikeouts. New York won 23 of his 33 starts overall.

With the team out of the postseason chase, Cole said that he sensed that talk about the Cy Young Award fueled his teammates. Indeed, Judge acknowledged that hitting coach Sean Casey opened a meeting on Wednesday by reminding the lineup: “We get this guy one run, we’re going to win the ballgame.”

Cole is usually steely on the day of his starts. As he paced to his locker with earbuds in and a heavily annotated Blue Jays scouting report in hand before the game, Judge noticed a more focused glint in his teammate’s eyes.

“The minute I saw him coming to the clubhouse, I knew it was going to be a good night,” Judge said. “He wanted to finish business.”

Cole admitted that he’d spent the past week or so pretending that he was in the playoffs.

“Starting Game 1, maybe Game 5, something like that,” Cole said. “I had a little bit of fun with that to bring some energy. If that created a little different look in my eyes, maybe I should do that more often.”

Blue Jays manager John Schneider said that Cole “got better as the game went on.” Brandon Belt notched Toronto’s only hits off Cole, stroking a double in the second inning and a single in the seventh. As Cole returned to the dugout following the latter inning, Boone kept his distance.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I wasn’t really looking at him in the seventh or eighth,” Boone said. “That was his game.”

As Cole huddled with pitching coach Matt Blake after the eighth inning, the bullpen was quiet. Blake asked Cole if he was good for the ninth, and Cole flipped the question around: “Do you think I’m good?” Blake replied: “Yeah, I think you’re pretty good.”

A dozen pitches later, Cole finished off the Jays, almost certainly claiming the Cy -- though he didn’t do it alone.

“I’m just very grateful for my teammates,” Cole said. “In the 33 games that I was able to play this year, they showed up every single time. After some of our collective hopes fell by the wayside, it motivated them to continue to play hard. … When I look back at it, I just think about the hard work from everybody. I’m just very grateful.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Gerrit Cole

Senior Reporter Bryan Hoch has covered the Yankees for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/gerrit-cole-shuts-out-blue-jays-to-wrap-stellar-2023-season 
 ----- 
