Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cole cements Cy Young case, but still in awe of Judge's bat
Share
Cole cements Cy Young case, but still in awe of Judge's bat
September 28th, 2023

Bryan Hoch

@BryanHoch
Share

0:01

2:23

This story was excerpted from Bryan Hoch’s Yankees Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

It was here in Toronto one year ago today when Gerrit Cole ventured into the press conference room at Rogers Centre, almost a supporting cast member in ‘The Aaron Judge Show.’

He was asked to discuss a milestone in the backdrop of his teammate tying Roger Maris’ single-season American League home run record.

“I think it’s more special because of what Aaron did tonight,” Cole said last Sept. 28, recounting having tied Ron Guidry for the club’s single-season strikeout record, a mark he’d break days later at Globe Life Field in Arlington -- on the same date that Judge surpassed Maris.

As Cole stamped a convincing exclamation mark on his case for a first career Cy Young Award on Wednesday, shutting out the Blue Jays in a two-hit gem, Judge provided support with two home runs before stepping aside.

It was Cole’s turn to enjoy the spotlight, but the right-hander still found himself marveling at Judge, who has slugged 37 homers in just 103 games this season -- not far off his 2023 pace of 62, despite missing two months with a torn ligament in his right big toe.

“In a weird way, it’s just been special to watch him go about his business,” Cole said. “We’ve had conversations over the last few weeks about continuing to set the tone for the young players trying to break in and finishing the season strong. When you’re in a playoff race, it’s easy to get energy from the crowd, the stakes. When you’re not, your effort should not change.

“ … This guy played through pain. This guy rehabbed for a long time. I don’t know how he’s feeling now, but he sure looks great, I can tell you that. He never gave an at-bat away, he never gave a pitch away, no matter how he was feeling or how our position is. When you’re looking to a leader, those are the types of intangibles that you look for.”

Even with the Yankees eliminated from postseason contention, Judge has made it clear that he intends to play out the team’s remaining games.

“There was talk of stuff getting shut down, but I’ve got to be out there,” Judge said. “I’m a leader on this team, and especially with the young guys we’ve got coming up, you’ve got to show them that you’ve got to post. Even if you’re not feeling good, not feeling great, you’ve got to be out there every single day for your teammates. So I want to be out there.” 

We’ll always wonder what the Yankees’ season might have looked like had Judge not collided with a low-lying concrete barrier in Los Angeles on June 3 -- “Can we get some padding in Dodger Stadium?” Cole remarked on Wednesday -- but manager Aaron Boone has been encouraged by Judge’s ability to remain on the field since his return in late July.

Related
Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

January 9th, 2025

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Judge expected to move back to RF, opening door for Martian in CF

December 10th, 2024

Steinbrenner addresses Yanks' hot topics at Owners Meetings

November 21st, 2024

After triggering opt-out, Cole staying with Yanks on existing deal

November 5th, 2024

Boone said that Judge is not expected to need offseason surgery on the toe, which raises the club’s optimism that it can count upon a complete and productive season from its best hitter in 2024.

“I feel like it’s gone how he and everyone had hoped or expected to some degree,” Boone said. “He was not all the way healed, but we felt like it was healing the right way. Since he’s come back in that Baltimore series [on July 28], I think it’s gone really well.

“He’s been able to post over and over again. I’ve been able to use the DH with him a lot, which has probably helped a little bit, but I think he’s in a pretty good spot heading into the winter.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Aaron Judge
Gerrit Cole

Senior Reporter Bryan Hoch has covered the Yankees for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-gerrit-cole-cements-cy-young-awed-by-aaron-judge 
 ----- 
