Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Cole pitches 2-hitter to near ERA title, Judge homers twice and Yankees beat Blue Jays 6-0
1 of 11 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Gerrit Cole works against the Toronto Blue Jays during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

2 of 11 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Gerrit Cole works against the Toronto Blue Jays during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

3 of 11 |  

New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge (99) celebrates his two-run home run against the Toronto Blue Jays during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

4 of 11 |  

Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Jose Berrios (17) kicks dirt on the mound as New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge runs the bases on a two-run home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

Read More
5 of 11 |  

Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Jose Berrios works against the New York Yankees during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

6 of 11 |  

Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Jose Berrios works against the New York Yankees during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

7 of 11 |  

New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge celebrates with teammates in the dugout after hitting a two-run home run against the Toronto Blue Jays during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

8 of 11 |  

New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge celebrates with teammates in the dugout after hitting a two-run home run against the Toronto Blue Jays during the seventh inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

9 of 11 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Gerrit Cole raises his arms after he two-hit the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

10 of 11 |  

New York Yankees’ Aaron Judge scores on a hit by Giancarlo Stanton against the Toronto Blue Jays during the fifth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

11 of 11 |  

New York Yankees starting pitcher Gerrit Cole raises his arms after he two-hit the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 27, 2023, in Toronto. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press via AP)

BY  IAN HARRISON
Updated 4:59 AM UTC, September 28, 2023
Share

TORONTO (AP) — Gerrit Cole pitched a two-hitter to near his second AL ERA title, Aaron Judge homered twice and the New York Yankees beat the Toronto Blue Jays 6-0 on Wednesday night to ensure they won’t finish with a losing record.

Cole (15-4) faced two batters over minimum, allowing a single and double to Brandon Belt.

“That’s just a clinic in pitching,” Yankees manager Aaron Boone said. “I think it embodied his season right there. Just fun to watch him go do that and absolutely put an exclamation point on the Cy Young Award with that performance.”

Pitching his second straight game against Toronto, Cole said he treated the pair of starts “like a little playoff situation” to give himself extra energy.

“Knowing that this is back-to-back outings against a club that’s fighting for a playoff position and obviously a formidable offense with a lot of All-Stars, I wasn’t going to come in here and not be on it,” he said.

Cole struck out five and walked none, throwing 72 of 105 pitches for strikes. He finished his season with 222 strikeouts in 209 innings.

“That was the cherry on top to an incredible season out of him,” Judge said.

RELATED STORIES
Left-hander Max Fried and Yankees finalize $218 million, 8-year contract
Left-hander Max Fried agrees to $218 million, 8-year contract with Yankees, AP source says
Juan Soto starting to eliminate teams from negotiations, agent Scott Boras says

Bidding for his first Cy Young, Cole lowered his AL-leading ERA to 2.63. Minnesota’s Sonny Gray is second at 2.80 and is scheduled to make his final regular-season start Thursday. Gray needs to pitch 12 scoreless innings to lower his ERA below Cole’s.

Cole also leads the AL in innings (209), opponents batting average (.206) and WHIP (0.98).

“This is Gerrit Cole’s era, that’s for sure,” Judge said. “He’s the benchmark for what an ace is supposed to be like on and off the field.”

Toronto was shut out by the Yankees for the second straight night. The Blue Jays (87-71) are in position for the second AL wild card, a half-game ahead of Houston (87-72) and two games in front of Seattle (85-73).

Making his 300th start, Cole pitched his fifth career shutout and eighth complete game. His other complete game this year was a two-hit shutout of Minnesota on April 16.

“I thought he got better as the game went on,” Blue Jays manager John Schneider said.

The 33-year-old right-hander went 5-0 with a 1.29 ERA over his final seven starts. He won the 2019 AL ERA title at 2.50 with Houston.

With no more chances to make his Cy Young case, Cole was asked whether he allowed his award candidacy to sink in.

“I’m on my second Labatts, so …” he replied with a smile.

Cole improved to 8-2 in 16 starts against Toronto, including 2-0 with a 0.31 ERA in four games this season.

New York (81-77) started 36-25 and dropped to 62-68, then won 19 of 28. Boston’s loss assured the Yankees will not finish last in the AL East — New York last ended in the cellar in 1990.

“This obviously hasn’t been the season we wanted but these guys have continued to play and show up with the right energy and focus,” Boone said.

The Yankees are 16-8 in September.

Back in the lineup after a day off Tuesday, Judge hit his 36th and 37th home runs. The reigning AL MVP homered to right field off José Berríos (11-12) in the fourth, then hit a second-deck drive to left off Trevor Richards in the seventh. Judge had his 34th multihomer game, including seven this season.

“Kind of fitting that Aaron has that night on the night Gerrit probably locks up the Cy Young Award,” Boone said. “Fun to watch two great, great players do their thing.”

Giancarlo Stanton doubled the lead with a two-run single in the fourth.

Berríos (11-12) lost to the Yankees for the second straight start, allowing four runs and five hits in six innings. He struck out a season-high 10.

BLANKED

The Blue Jays were blanked in consecutive games for the first time since Aug. 26 and 27, 2022 against the Angels.

GREAT GRAB!

Yankees center fielder Estevan Florial made a leaping catch at the wall to retire Bo Bichette for the first out of the fourth.

SWINGING NEW STICKS

Toronto Maple Leafs players Auston Matthews, Mitch Marner, Morgan Reilly and William Nylander took batting practice before the game.

FREE THROW

Toronto Raptors rookie forward Gradey Dick threw out the ceremonial first pitch.

UP NEXT

Blue Jays RHP Chris Bassitt (15-8, 3.74 ERA) was expected to start against New York RHP Luke Weaver (3-5, 6.47) on Thursday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actually Understands Your...
Grammarly
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff object to handwritten notes i...
Trump can still vote after sente ncing, but can't own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
ACLU sues Florida Gov. DeSantis for not calling special elections...
The American Civil Liberties Union has filed a lawsuit accusing Florida Gov. Ron...
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Bloedsuiker uit balans ? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vand...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun aut...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrisc he auto's kopen, zie...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldig)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Advertisement:
Alleen vandaag - Adidas tot -33%...
Koop je nieuwe sportschoenen voor een geweldige prijs. Alleen bij limango.nl
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontd ek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Sandaya-campings bekroond door de...
Sandaya
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
If you own a mouse, you have to play this game. No Install. Pla...
PanzerRush
Advertisement:
Shape Capsules voor Vetverbranding, Top of Flop?
gezondheidsvergelijking.com
Advertisement:
Meer lezen
Betaal minder en verw arm uw huis
HeaterLux
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
Eet dit 's ochtends om je darmen (bijna onmi ddellijk) legen te kun...
Floravia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Groningen: Deze truc om je huis te bescher men is een rage
Expert Market
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Hyundai KONA Hybrid rijden voor €279 per maand? Leg uit.
Hyundai
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Zeg vaarwel tegen de Bunion Aliens die je tenen aanvallen
HalluxGuard:Advertisement
Meer informatie
De door een tandarts ontworpen waterflosser verovert Groningen stormenderhand
FlossyFresh:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Groningen: Parents Trust Qustodio
Qustodio:Advertisement
Try Now
Stop het blaffen van elke hond met dit apparaat
Pet Zen Pro:Advertisement
Meer informatie
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/gerrit-cole-aaron-judge-yankees-blue-jays-mlb-79999c7f00ac39d4946ee0e0dbadfafe 
 ----- 
