Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
MLS
News
Schedule
Scores
Standings
MLS - Major League Soccer
Messi's move to Miami forced family to leave behind Hulk, their beloved dog

Hulk, the Bordeaux Mastiff belonging to the Messi family, was left at their Barcelona home

The Messi family couldn't take "Hulk" with them to MiamiLionel Messi, Instagram
LW
Actualizado 26/09/2023 - 22:14 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLS. Messi's dog Hulk: how much does the Dogue de Bordeaux cost?
MLS. Lionel Messi left out as Jordi Alba, Sergio Busquets party at RBD concert

When Lionel Messi made the move from Barcelona to Miami, he didn't just leave behind the city that made him the world's best soccer player; he also had to make a heart-wrenching decision about a cherished member of his family - their loyal pet dog, Hulk.

Messi does a "dirty soccer move" to his dog - Video
The best moments of Messi and Hulk playing soccer togetherParker Johnson

The decision to leave behind Hulk, a seven-year-old Bordeaux Mastiff, was not taken lightly, and it was primarily due to concerns about the dog's health.

The revelation came to light during an interview with Argentine comedian Migue Granados, who visited Messi at his Miami home and learned about the family's tough choice.

See how much it could cost for a dog like Messi's

This is how much it could cost for a dog like Messi'sParker Johnson
Hulk has been with the Messis since 2016

The intriguing conversation arose when Granados jokingly suggested that he might kidnap Abu, the family's pet poodle, during their interview for his OLGA streaming show.

To his surprise, Hulk, their beloved Bordeaux Mastiff, was conspicuously absent from the scene.

When Granados inquired about Hulk's whereabouts, Messi explained, "He's in Barcelona, Hulk is there. He is a little old. So, we had to leave him in the house we have there in Barcelona."

Messi, who welcomed Hulk into the family in 2016, shared their initial joy on Instagram, saying, "New member of my family. Thanks, love, for this beautiful gift."

Throughout the years, both Messi and his wife, Antonela Roccuzzo, regularly posted pictures and videos of Hulk on social media.

Messi acknowledged the stress that the transcontinental move in July would have placed on Hulk, especially at this stage in the dog's life.

He also revealed to Granados that Hulk is "on the verge" and may need to be put to sleep soon.

Bordeaux Mastiffs, known for their imposing stature, have a lifespan from five to eight years, although some may live up to 11 years.

For now, Hulk is receiving care at Messi's luxurious home in Castelldefels, a suburb located 11 miles away from Camp Nou, FC Barcelona's iconic stadium.

Everything Messi. Half the price

Messi family adapting well to Miami lifestyle

Meanwhile, Messi has embraced his new role as the face of MLS in the United States while playing for Inter Miami CF.

During the interview, Messi offered a glimpse into his daily routine in Miami, which includes early mornings for a family breakfast and school drop-offs for his three sons, Thiago, Mateo, and Ciro.

He and his wife often return home for a nap or to catch up on their favorite shows.

MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Taylor Swift...
Marca

On certain days, Messi heads for a morning workout with Inter Miami, and at around 3 pm, they pick up the children and accompany Thiago and Mateo to soccer practice at the club's academy.

In a candid moment, Messi also shared the possibility of expanding their family, saying, "We would like it if the girl arrives."

Lionel Messi - English
Inter Miami - English
Argentina National Football Team - English
MLS - Major League SoccerMessi gets a kiss from an Argentinian journalist while showing off his new look. What does it mean?
MLSHector Herrera: Messi has the chance to win the Ballon d'Or as an MLS player
MLS - Major League SoccerLeo Messi: I was the only World Cup winning player who didn't get recognition
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/mls/2023/09/27/65139bfaca4741017f8b4613.html 
 ----- 
