Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
SportFootball
Rob Page apologises for Wales’ thrashing as questions over his future intensify
The former Wales captain has been in charge of the national team since November 2020.
Phil Blanche
Sunday 09 June 2024 17:54 EDT

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Manager Rob Page apologised to Wales fans after his side’s 4-0 humbling to Slovakia (Ben Birchall/PA) (PA Wire)
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

Under-fire boss Rob Page apologised to Wales fans after a 4-0 thrashing to Slovakia and said it is “up to the powers that be” to decide if he stays in the job.

Page saw Wales get dismantled in a Trnava friendly after their dismal 0-0 draw with Gibraltar, the world’s 203rd-ranked team, in Portugal on Thursday.

The pressure has steadily grown on Page after Wales’ flat performance at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar when they finished bottom of their group and their failure to qualify for this summer’s European Championship.

Page has over two years left on the contract he signed in September 2022, but he was once again booed by supporters after going over to them after the final whistle while others wasted no time on social media calling for him to quit.

“I get it, I’m a supporter myself,” Page told S4C after the joint-heaviest defeat of his tenure, which began in November 2020.

“I went over to the supporters and clapped them with the lads. When the lads went, I made a point of saying to them ‘it’s on me and I’ll take it’.

“I apologised to the supporters at the end. Their support tonight was immense and I completely understand their frustration.

“If the powers that be decide I’m not the one to lead them forward then that’s their decision.

If the powers that be decide I'm not the one to lead them forward then that's their decision

Rob Page

“But I’m fully focused on what the two games were useful for.

“We see that there are some young players that will be an addition to the squad come September.”

Page was denied the presence of a raft of senior players for Wales’ two June friendlies.

Wales were without the entire defence that had lined up in the Euro 2024 play-off final defeat to Poland on penalties in March.

Ben Davies, Chris Mepham, Connor Roberts, Joe Rodon and Neco Williams were all absent, as were the creative attacking talents of Aaron Ramsey, David Brooks and Harry Wilson.

“We didn’t have any of the back five and we’ve tried to give games, minutes and caps to some of the younger players,” said Page.

“It was an opportunity for us to look to the future and Lewis Koumas is an absolute positive.

“Without these two games we wouldn’t have seen his capabilities. He will be the next JJ (Jordan James), that’s the positive coming out of the camp.

“Young Fin Stevens has given a good account of himself. To throw him in the deep end in a game like this he deserves credit for that mature performance.

“The two games served as a purpose for us to expose some of these players and now we know come September (in the Nations League) what young players we’ve got to step up.”

Euros-bound Slovakia got the perfect send-off for Germany after Juraj Kucka opened the scoring on the stroke of half-time with the help of a goalkeeping error from Danny Ward.

Robert Bozenik’s near-post finish and an Ethan Ampadu own goal made it three by the hour mark, and Laszlo Benes’ spectacular last-gasp completed the rout.

Page said: “They haven’t had to work too hard for the goals. We’ve gifted them goals.

“When you’re playing top-level international football you get found out if you’re not at it.

“I’m not making excuses, but Slovakia have come off a camp and it’s been a month since our lads played football.

“We had two training sessions before we played our first game. We’ve not had lot of time together, I’m not making excuses that’s a fact.”

More aboutPA ReadyWalesPageSlovakiaRob PageBen DaviesQatarPortugalGibraltarDefeatHarry WilsonAaron RamseyDavid BrooksNeco WilliamsChris MephamPolandJoe RodonEthan AmpaduNations League
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/wales-page-slovakia-rob-page-ben-davies-b2559552.html 
 ----- 
