Skip to content
Subscribe Now
18°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNBADENVER NUGGETS
Why Nuggets forward Michael Porter Jr. admires Trae Young, “one of my best friends”
Trae Young continued his impressive season on New Year’s Day in Denver, amassing 30 points and nine assists against his friend Michael Porter Jr.
Denver Nuggets forward Michael Porter Jr., left, greets Atlanta Hawks guard Trae Young after an NBA basketball game Wednesday, Jan. 1, 2025, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
PUBLISHED: January 2, 2025 at 5:23 PM MST

Perhaps more than any player in the NBA today, Michael Porter Jr. is the actualization of positional size, a basketball principle that drives front offices such as Denver’s.

He’s a “small forward” only in title, towering over most wings with a 6-foot-10 stature that doubles the potency of his 3-pointer. There is no such thing as a contested shot for Porter, who’s 42% from the perimeter this season.

Atlanta’s Trae Young represents the polar opposite of positional size. Naturally, that makes Porter one of his fondest admirers.

It helps that they’re longtime friends. But the Nuggets sharpshooter recognizes that not everyone is fortunate enough to have his bird’s eye view. Even more impressive, then, when a player can carve out a career as successful as Young’s at 6-foot-1.

“There’s not many dudes his height, his size, ever, that have been able to do what he’s done,” Porter said on Wednesday after Denver’s 139-120 win over Young’s Hawks. “He’s led the league in (total) points. He’s led the league in assists. I think it’s pretty remarkable how good he is for his stature. He’s one of the most skilled players in the league.”

Porter and Young have worked out together during the summers, continuing a tradition of comradery that dates back to their teenage days as top prospects. Both were in the high school class of 2017. Both lived in college towns — Porter in Columbia, Mo., and Young in Norman, Okla. They briefly met at a camp, then they were reintroduced when Young joined MOKAN, the Kansas City-based AAU program that Porter played for.

Together, they led MOKAN to a Peach Jam championship, a crown jewel for AAU teams in the Nike Elite Youth Basketball League. Porter was a consensus top-three recruit in the class. Young was generally regarded as a top-25 prospect.

“They put us through practices on the weekend that were harder than any college practice, any NBA practice, any training camp,” Porter recalled. “So we would all go down to Kansas City, and me and Trae would spend the night at my coach’s house. And we would have like two or three days (when) we would watch film for like an hour. … That’s when Trae and me got really close, just throughout those summers. And then we always planned on going to college together. Obviously, that didn’t work out. But yeah, he’s been one of my best friends since.”

Porter attended Missouri for an injury-hampered season. Young’s stock skyrocketed at Oklahoma, where he became the No. 5 pick in the 2018 draft. Porter went 14th to Denver.

Young’s play-making has been the ignition key for an exciting Hawks offense this season. He’s averaging a career-high 12.0 assists per game, which leads the league, and he amassed 30 points and nine assists in Denver on New Year’s Day.

As for Porter, he’s gaining traction toward his own potential career year. As of Thursday, 51 players in the NBA had attempted 180 or more 3-pointers this season. Only six of those players had a higher percentage than Porter (41.9% on 198 attempts), and none of those six were within an inch of Porter’s height.

“I always just noticed how competitive (Young is),” he said. “Like, he’s always been smaller, but he had such an edge to him, such a competitive nature.”

Strawther on fouling jump shooters

One of the biggest ongoing struggles for second-year guard Julian Strawther at the defensive end has been fouling jump-shooters. He was caught red-handed again on Wednesday, but the late call left him (and coach Michael Malone) visibly miffed. It was one of several delayed whistles that went Atlanta’s way on jump shots. Young leaned into Christian Braun multiple times to draw three-shot calls.

RELATED ARTICLES
Jordi Fernandez returns to Denver as first-time NBA head coach: “Every year that I was here helped prepare me”
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors

Strawther has said repeatedly that he needs to stop committing those fouls — but part of his reality within that growth process, he acknowledged Wednesday, is that he’s getting a young player’s whistle.

If an opponent tries to sell contact, Strawther is less likely to get the benefit of the doubt from officials than more experienced and reputed defenders.

“It’s been pretty frustrating on some of the calls, I feel like,” he said. “Yeah, I feel like just being a younger guy and being in the area is going to put you in jeopardy of getting something called on you. But yeah, just trying to be as disciplined as possible, stay out of guys’ landing space. Let them shoot the ball. I’m learning.”

Want more Nuggets news? Sign up for the Nuggets Insider to get all our NBA analysis.

Around the Web
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Experts Reveal Best Roof Type for Nevada Homes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
This Granny's Bra for Elderly Women is Taking Nevada by Storm
Ribili
High Interest Savings Account You May Not Know About
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Nevada
Rechol
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Put a Red Cup Under the Toilet Seat at Night if Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Stupefied!
tardive disknesya
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
15 Companies That Will Give You Food and Other Products for Free
The Penny Hoarder
Joint Pain Vanishes With This Little-known Superfood - Try It Tonight!
Health News | Joint Pain
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
Wrap Foil Around Your Doorknob When You Are Alone, Here's Why
Daily Living Tech
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Bloating, Constipation & Gas? Do This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze News
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
An Unexpected Turn of Events Occurs After Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer
hightally
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Urologist: Swollen Prostate? Do This Immediately
Health News | Prostate
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Can't Ignore
Macular Degeneration
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Eye-opening Discovery Awaits You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Nеurоpathу Breakthrough: Experts Speechless
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Look!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Keeler: Huskers icon Tom Osborne will miss “good friendship” with late, great Bill McCartney
Family sues 24 Hour Fitness in Colorado Springs after dad’s alleged death from steam room explosion
From Bo Nix to a defensive overhaul, Broncos’ surge to postseason powered by transformative offseason
U.S. has skirted a recession, but watch for big shifts in trade and immigration policies, economist advises
Macy's, Kohl's to shut stores as part of plan targeting underperforming locations
Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
Teen arrested after fatal shooting outside northeast Aurora home
Broncos’ Pat Surtain II more than just shutdown cornerback. His teammates’ advice? Just roll the tape.
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DENVER NUGGETS
Grading The Week: Should Nuggets keep starting Russell Westbrook when Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon return?
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
2025
January
2
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2025/01/02/trae-young-michael-porter-jr-friends-aau/ 
 ----- 
