Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Leody Taveras' Walk-Off Winner Lifts Texas Rangers Over Oakland Athletics
Texas Rangers right-hander Cody Bradford held the Oakland Athletics to two runs and struck out eight over seven innings.
Stefan Stevenson | Aug 31, 2024
Aug 31, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers center fielder Leody Taveras (3) is mobbed by teammates after hitting a walk-off single during the ninth inning against the Oakland Athletics at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Raymond Carlin III-USA TODAY Sports / Raymond Carlin III-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Oakland Athletics

ARLINGTON — Nathaniel Lowe was hit by a pitch to lead off the ninth and scored on Leody Taveras' one-out, bases loaded single as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 3-2 Saturday night at Globe Life Field.

Carson Kelly singled and Travis Jankowski walked to the load the bases ahead of Taveras' game-winning single to center after he fell behind 0-2.

Rangers starter Cody Bradford held the Athletics to two runs on four hits and no walks and struck out eight over seven innings. David Robertson pitched a perfect eighth before Kirby Yates (6-2) earned the win with a scoreless ninth.

Jonah Heim's two-run homer in the second gave Texas a 2-0 lead. Lawrence Butler cut the Rangers' lead in half with a solo homer in the fourth. Butler doubled and scored on Brent Rooker's double to tie it at 2-2 in the sixth.

Three thoughts from Saturday's game:
1. Walk-Off Wins
Aug 31, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers center fielder Leody Taveras (3) is hugged by right fielder Adolis Garcia (53) after hitting a walk-off single during the ninth inning against the Oakland Athletics at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Raymond Carlin III-USA TODAY Sports / Raymond Carlin III-USA TODAY Sports

Leody Taveras' ninth-inning single gave the Rangers their seventh walk-off win of the season. It the first walk-off hit for Taveras in 2024. Texas' seven walk-off wins in 2024 are its most in a season at Globe Life Field since it opened in 2020. The previous high was six walk-off wins in 2021. Seven walk-off wins at home are the most for the Rangers since they had nine in 2019 at Globe Life Park.

2. 100th Stolen Base For Travis Jankowski
Aug 31, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers right fielder Travis Jankowski (16) advances to third base during the second inning against the Oakland Athletics at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Raymond Carlin III-USA TODAY Sports / Raymond Carlin III-USA TODAY Sports

Travis Jankowski stole his ninth base of 2024 and the 100th of his career in the second inning. Jankowski is tied for 892nd all-time with 100-career steals. Other active players with 100-career steals include Randy Arozarena and George Springer.

3. Up Next
Jul 11, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Red Sox relief pitcher Chase Anderson (48) throws a strike against the Oakland Athletics to end the game in the ninth inning at Fenway Park. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-USA TODAY Sports / David Butler II-USA TODAY Sports

Rangers left-hander Walter Pennington is making his first MLB start in the series finale against Oakland right-hander Mitch Spence (7-9, 4.54) at 1:35 p.m. Sunday. Pennington was acquired in the trade that sent Michael Lorenzen to the Royals at the trade deadline.

You can follow Stefan Stevenson on X @StefanVersusTex.

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook and X.

Published Aug 31, 2024
STEFAN STEVENSON

Stefan Stevenson worked as a journalist and editor at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram for 25 years, covering sports, concerts, and general news. His beats have included the Dallas Cowboys, the Texas Rangers, and Texas Christian University football.

Follow StefanVersusTex

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/leody-taveras-walk-off-winner-lifts-texas-rangers-over-oakland-athletics 
 ----- 
