Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Bradford extends quality stretch to set up Leody's walk-off heroics
Share
Bradford extends quality stretch to set up Leody's walk-off heroics
September 1st, 2024

Kennedi Landry

@kennlandry
Share

0:00

0:46

ARLINGTON -- Leody Taveras and Adolis García shared a big embrace on the infield dirt at Globe Life Field. The ball off Taveras’ bat ricocheted off the mound and dribbled into the infield, driving in the game-winning run.

Wins are wins. And with where the Rangers are in the standings, they’ll take the wins however they can get them. So when Taveras secured the most recent win with a bases-loaded, walk-off single for a 3-2 victory over the A’s on Saturday night, they were all excited as ever.

It was the first walk-off of Taveras’ career, as he became the first nine-hole hitter to record a walk-off hit for Texas since Delino DeShields on April 20, 2017 against the Royals.

“It felt very good,” Taveras said. “I’m too blessed honestly. That's impressive how that feels. I hope I can keep doing that. … I love this guy [García]. When you have a moment like this and you see somebody you love, you're trying to express the love and the feeling in that moment.”

It was also the Rangers’ seventh walk-off win of the season. That’s the club’s most in any campaign at Globe Life Field (opened in 2020) and its most in Arlington since 2019 (9).

Taveras ensured the game had a happy ending, but the real story was another quality start for Rangers starter Cody Bradford, who gave up just two runs across seven innings against the A's. He struck out a season-high tying eight Oakland hitters with no walks. He’s now recorded a quality start in each of his last four outings.

Related
Here's what Joc brings to Rangers' table

January 11th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

What we learned from the Rangers' 2024 season

September 29th, 2024

Bradford's latest gem backed by García's heroics, stellar defense

September 19th, 2024

Heim, Taveras avoid arbitration, agree to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

How Rangers are giving back this season

November 27th, 2024

“I enjoy when he’s pitching because it feels like [you’re playing on the] PlayStation,” Taveras said with a laugh. “His command is crazy.”

Bradford was the Rangers’ best starter when he landed on the injured list on April 11. He’s been the best since he returned around the Trade Deadline as well. The young lefty entered Saturday's game with a 2.49 ERA in eight starts this season. He allowed five runs in two innings of relief against the Cardinals, which has inflated his overall season ERA.

Bradford had a 1.40 ERA in three starts before landing on the injured list with nagging back/rib issues that lasted months longer than expected. Besides that one rough relief outing against the Cardinals, he’s looked as good as ever in his return.

“I think it's just a culmination of being prepared and just trusting my stuff,” Bradford said of his season. “Again, like, I know I might kind of beat it to death, but I don't throw the hardest. I've got to execute. To be honest, it kind of surprises me sometimes when there's continued success with my execution. It’s just proved, I guess, to myself that I can trust my stuff. Today was an example of that.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Bradford is now 4-2 with a 2.50 ERA and 50 strikeouts to just seven walks in nine starts this season, joining Cliff Lee in 2010 as the only pitchers in franchise history to record 50-plus strikeouts and seven or fewer walks over their first nine starts to a campaign.

The list of left-handed pitchers in the Modern Era with an ERA 2.50 or lower, 50+ strikeouts, and seven or fewer walks over their first nine starts in a season: Bradford in 2024, Hyun Jin Ryu in 2019 and Clayton Kershaw in 2016.

Manager Bruce Bochy and pitching coach Mike Maddux have both praised Bradford’s preparation and focus on the mound. He’s calm as ever all the time, just looking to give the Rangers a chance to win every time he steps onto the field.

He’s done that and more this season.

“To be honest, I don't like the word pride,” Bradford said. “But it's an honor to pitch in this organization again, for the hometown team. I'm going to work my butt off to prepare and give this team the best chance to win. I want to cover my innings. I want to serve the team well and cover innings and save the guys in the bullpen.

“Lately, it's been coming together. You don't know when that stretch will end. Baseball is a crazy sport, and so you don't want to get too high, and you don't want to get too low. But if I can do my job well and pitch into the fifth, sixth or seventh inning, I can live with those results.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Cody Bradford
Leody Taveras

Kennedi Landry covers the Rangers for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/cody-bradford-leads-rangers-to-walk-off-win 
 ----- 
