Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Australia
Schalk Burger Claims Australia And New Zealand ‘missing Us’ After Ruining ‘greatest Comp’
Schalk Burger claims Australia and New Zealand ‘missing us’ after ruining ‘greatest comp’
Colin Newboult
25 Aug 2024 2:06 PM
24

All Blacks taking on the Wallabies and Springboks legend Schalk Burger.

Former Springboks flanker Schalk Burger believes that South Africa’s alignment with the northern hemisphere has benefited them and, in contrast, harmed their Rugby Championship rivals.

After being ousted from Super Rugby, SA Rugby decided to shift their attentions to Europe with the Bulls, Lions, Sharks and Stormers joining the PRO14 to become the United Rugby Championship.

Despite some initial reservations, it is a competition that is growing in popularity and status, while it has not had a detrimental impact on the Springboks.

The same could not be said of Australia and New Zealand, with many trans-Tasman observers complaining that South Africa’s exit has been damaging.

South Africa’s style of play

“I think with the crop of players we’ve got in South Africa, it suits what we’ve got here. We’ve now got direct access to see all our players up north,” Burger said on the Boks Office podcast.

“We see them play because we know how difficult it is for Australian players to keep track of South African players.

“Most of them wouldn’t have seen Sacha [Feinberg-Mngomezulu] play a game, that would have been their introduction to him, and it’s the same for us. We look at the Australian and New Zealand sides and we don’t spend a lot of time watching them.

“They are missing us, we bring a different style. If everyone plays the same style, it’s quite easy to get caught up in your own little pathway.

Ad

“When they came to South Africa, it was a good test for all of them because we favour the scrum and the maul, and favour the physical part of the game so much.”

Rassie Erasmus set for another shock Springboks selection as World Cup stars miss All Blacks clash – report

Super Rugby was once considered the best non-international competition in the world, but it has gradually lost its lustre.

Burger felt that it was a mistake to expand it to 18 teams, which included sides from Japan and Argentina.

‘The ultimate’

“The greatest comp I ever played in was Super 12, even 14 and 15. We started in Feb and finished before June, that was for me the ultimate,” the ex-Springboks back-row said.

“After that when it went to Super 18 where we played either side of the June break, I think we lost it.

Ad
Who will win at Ellis Park?
Springboks
All Blacks
Draw


“Then all of a sudden we played within conferences so we played more double rounds of games against the South African sides, but part of the lure of the whole comp was playing a round robin.

“Because of that the Currie Cup then got a second chance at life when all of us came back for the last five weeks.

“We played the last two league games and then the semi-final and final before we went to November. The Currie Cup then still had proper big finals. When we sold ourselves to the Super 18 we killed the Currie Cup.”

READ MORE: Where to next for Felix Jones? Eight potential destinations for ex-Springboks and England coach

Australia
Schalk Burger
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
13 Dec 2024
‘I think I’m seeing dead people’ – Ex-Springboks warn Bulls’ opponents about ‘life-changing’ Pretoria conditions

Schalk Burger, Jean de Villiers and Hanyani Shimange expect Northampton Saints to battle with the weather conditions when they face the Bulls in Saturday's Champions Cup clash in Pretoria.

Colin Newboult
12 Dec 2024
Springboks legends pick the best-placed South African team to go furthest in the Champions Cup ‘holy grail’

Jean de Villiers and Schalk Burger discuss who is best equipped to challenge in the Champions Cup this season.

Colin Newboult
12 Dec 2024
Schalk Burger hints at Rassie Erasmus conspiracy theory after controversial World Rugby decision

Two Springboks legends believe that Rassie Erasmus should have been rewarded for South Africa's superb 2024.

Jared Wright
11 Dec 2024
Schalk Burger: Siya Kolisi’s trait that ‘not a lot’ of players have as Springboks great weighs in on his positional switch

Schalk Burger has weighed in on Siya Kolisi's switch from openside flank to number eight.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
23 hours ago
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
23 hours ago
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
5 minutes ago
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
1 hour ago
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
1 hour ago
1
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
3 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
3 hours ago
6
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
1 hour ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/schalk-burger-claims-australia-and-new-zealand-missing-us-after-ruining-greatest-comp 
 ----- 
