Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
Brentford
Sources: Ivan Toney Set To Leave Brentford For Saudi Arabia After Being Left Out Of Liverpool Clash
Brentford

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.brentfordfc.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Sources: Ivan Toney set to leave Brentford for Saudi Arabia after being left out of Liverpool clash
Fraser Gillan
25 Aug 2024 4:45 PM

Brentford striker Ivan Toney is set to join Al-Ahli

Brentford striker Ivan Toney is set to join Saudi Pro League side Al-Ahli after being offered a huge contract by the club, sources have revealed to TEAMtalk.

The England international has less than 12 months remaining on his Bees contract and has been widely expected to leave the Gtech Community Stadium.

What is your team's manager looking for...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Debates, wind-ups, zorb football! |...
The Verdict: Arsenal 'not feeling the...
'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
Merson: Arsenal need to break the bank...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
Ange: Spurs 'working hard' to make...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
<
>

Toney, 28, was left out of Brentford’s squad in their game against Liverpool and sources close to the Bees have revealed to TEAMtalk that he is ‘set to join’ Al-Ahli.

Toney has been heavily linked with top Premier League sides such as Chelsea, Tottenham, Arsenal and Manchester United in recent weeks but a concrete bid never arrived from one of those clubs.

Thomas Frank has been open about the fact that Toney could depart if a suitable offer is received and TEAMtalk sources suggest that Al-Ahli have made a breakthrough in negotiations.

READ MORE: Man Utd transfers: Juventus hope to clear Ratcliffe obstacle, with Barcelona move aiding star signing

Brentford have already rejected an offer of £35m for the forward from Al-Ahli so their latest bid must be higher than that – although we cannot confirm the exact figure at this stage.

TEAMtalk understands that just final details are left to sort out before Toney’s transfer to Saudi Arabia is officially confirmed.

Sources: Ivan Toney set to leave Brentford

Toney signed for Brentford in 2020 and he played a key role in their promotion from the Championship and their continued Premier League survival.

He has scored 72 goals for the club – notably notching an impressive 21 goals in 2022/23, while last term his progress was disrupted by an eight-month suspension for gambling breaches.

Reports have suggested that Brentford put a £40m price tag on Toney’s head and it will be interesting to see if Al-Ahli have matched that valuation.

Ad

Personal terms were never expected to be an issue, with Al-Ahli reportedly willing to pay the striker a huge £325,000 per week wage – a drastic increase on his current £36,000 per week salary.

Ad

As recently as Friday, Brentford boss Frank admitted that Toney’s future has been ‘up in the air’ for some time.

“Ivan trained the whole week. Trained with good attitude in every aspect. He could be involved, he could not be involved [against Liverpool]” Frank said, as cited by BBC Sport.

“He could be here after the 30 [August] and he could not be here. Basically everything is up in the air.

“I’ve said the whole time that if he’s here I’m very happy, if he’s not here then I’m happy on his behalf.”

With Toney now set to join Al-Ahli, it will be interesting to see if Brentford make some late signings before the transfer window slams shut next week.

FULL BREAKDOWN: All the done deals by Premier League clubs in the summer 2024 transfer window

 

Ad
Question 1
Joao Felix returned to Chelsea after scoring how many goals in his previous loan spell?
use 
hint
2
3
4
5

Brentford
Ivan Toney
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Ciaran McCarthy
02 Dec 2024
Chelsea, Tottenham plan to offer ex-Prem striker escape from Saudi after less than six months

The striker is said to be unmotivated by the league, and therefore could return to England, with Chelsea and Tottenham waiting in the wings

Ivan Toney
James Holland
08 Oct 2024
Wayne Rooney criticises summer Man Utd transfer target for securing frustrating move

Wayne Rooney has questioned why an England star secured one particular summer move even after being linked with Man Utd

Manchester United
Ivan Toney
Harry De Cosemo
21 Sep 2024
Ange Postecoglou makes stunning Tottenham striker admission after frustrating summer

Although he is up and running in the Saudi Pro League for Al-Ahli, this season could have looked very different for Ivan Toney as Tottenham boss Ange Postecoglou considered signing him

Tottenham Hotspur
Ivan Toney
Ciaran McCarthy
06 Sep 2024
Man Utd tipped to regret missing out on Prem striker, with forward line now ‘worst in 20 years’

"I would argue that the Manchester United forward line is one of the worst that I've ever seen in 20 or 30 years."

Manchester United
Ivan Toney
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
20 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
4 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
22 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
4 hours ago
1
Manchester United
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
7 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/brentford/ivan-toney-to-leave-brentford-for-saudi-arabia-after-left-out-of-liverpool-clash 
 ----- 
