Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Injury Report: Hawks vs Wizards
The Hawks and the Wizards face off again tomorrow night in Washington
Jackson Caudell | Oct 29, 2024
Oct 17, 2024; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, USA; Oklahoma City Thunder guard Isaiah Joe (11) drives down the court against Atlanta Hawks guard Vit Krejci (27) during the second half at Paycom Center. Mandatory Credit: Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images / Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
In this story:
Atlanta Hawks

The Hawks and the Wizards are going to match up again tomorrow and the injury report for the game tomorrow has been released.

De’Andre Hunter (right knee inflammation) is questionable, Dyson Daniels (right hip flexor strain), Bogdan Bogdanovic (hamstring), Kobe Bufkin (shoulder), and Vit Krejci (adductor) are out.

It is not surprising to see Hunter on the injury report, as this is his third straight game on it, but having Daniels on there is a big deal. Daniels has been a super impactful player on the defensive end for the Hawks and they don't have anyone to replace him. With Bufkin and Krejci out, the Hawks are going to need to find someone to step up into the backup point guard role behind Young. It would be a game in which Keaton Wallace gets a lot of minutes. It is notable that Onyeka Okongwu is not on the injury report and should be good to go.

Whether Hunter plays or not, it likely means another start for Zaccharie Risacher. He could start in place of Daniels and play alongside Hunter. If Hunter is out too, it will be interesting to see what the Hawks do for their starting lineup. This is going to be the fourth straight game missed for Bogdanovic and Bufkin has not played this season. This will be the first game missed for Krejci.

Injuries played a huge role in the Atlanta Hawks' disappointing season a year ago and they are already starting to be a factor early on in this campaign. While far from the only reason they lost last night to the Washington Wizards, it should be noted that the Hawks were down De'Andre Hunter (starter), Onyeka Okongwu (playing the majority of center minutes), Kobe Bufkin (was the top option to backup Trae Young), and Bogdan Bogdanovic (Hawks 3rd best player) and then in the second quarter, Vit Krejci went down with an injury and did not return. Krejci took over the backup point guard duties with Bufkin hurt and now the Hawks could be very thin at point guard going forward, which places more on the shoulders of Trae Young.

After the game, Young talked about the injuries the Hawks have right now and how that affects him:

"Yeah, it's not very, it's not fun. Obviously I wish my team was fully healthy. I feel like I've been through this a lot since I've been here every year. So just wish I could have everybody out there with me. I know it would make a lot more, a lot of things a lot more easier for me. But we got to figure it out and it's the next man, the next man up mentality I know it's very cliche and everybody says it, but we've got to live by it and we've got to move forward."

Young has been awesome this season, but last night was rough. He scored six points and hit two shots in the first few minutes of the game, but he missed his final 13 shots, including the game-winner. Young finished with 14 points and 13 assists on 2-15 shooting, including 2-10 from three. He did not hit a two-point shot and seemed to struggle with Bilal Coulibaly all night long. No player is immune from a bad game and the Hawks are asking Young to do a lot with the backups out, but it was not a good performance.

Coming into the year, one of the big question marks for the Hawks was who would be the backup point guard and handle the ball handling duties when Trae Young was off the floor. That was previously handles by Dejounte Murray, but it was something that was a question mark. Second year guard Kobe Bufkin was the player that was supposed to step up in that role, but he is dealing with an injury. Krejci then took over before getting hurt last night, but even before his injury, it was a mixed bag.

If the Hawks want to make a push for the playoffs, they have to figure this out. It won't be easy though considering their options.

Additional Links

Who Could the Hawks Target in a Trade To Fix Their Backup Point Guard Spot?

Trae Young Discusses Hawks Early Season Injuries: "Yeah, It's Not Very... It's Not Fun."

Atlanta Hawks Basketball: Biggest Takeaways From Hawks 121-119 Loss to Washington

Published Oct 29, 2024
JACKSON CAUDELL

Jackson Caudell has been covering Georgia Tech Athletics For On SI since March 2022 and the Atlanta Hawks for On SI since October 2023. Jackson is also the co-host of the Bleav in Georgia Tech podcast and he loves to bring thoughtful analysis and comprehensive coverage to everything that he does. Find him on X @jacksoncaudell

Follow jacksoncaudell

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hawks/news/injury-report-hawks-vs-wizards-01jbcyhn90rc 
 ----- 
