SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ICC T20 World Cup: Who will Australia play? What time are the games? Squad lists and pools

Topic:
Sport

Fri 31 May
Friday 31 May

Mitchell Marsh will lead Australia as captain during the ICC T20 World Cup. (AAP: Matt Turner)

abc.net.au/news/icc-t20-world-cup-team-guide-australia-india-new-zealand-england/103897810
Copy link
Link copied
Share article

The Australia men's cricket team are in the West Indies, looking to complete the triple crown of World Test champions, ODI World champions and T20 champions.

The cricket world converges on the West Indies and United States for this year's ICC Men's T20 World Cup, with England hoping to retain its crown and Australia trying to reclaim the throne.

The tournament begins with the United States and Canada on Sunday morning AEST, and will be held throughout the month of June.

ABC Sport will be live blogging every Australia match at the ICC Men's T20 World Cup. Hear every ball live, free and without ads on the ABC listen app.

Twenty nations, from heavyweights including Australia and India, and minnows Papua New Guinea and Uganda, are vying to reach the final on June 30, AEST.

Mitchell Marsh will lead Australia throughout the tournament, with pool matches against Oman, England, Namibia and Scotland.

Here is your guide to this year's ICC Men's T20 World Cup.

Pool A
INDIA

World ranking: 1

Squad: Rohit Sharma (c), Hardik Pandya, Yashasvi Jaiswal, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Rishabh Pant, Sanju Samson, Shivam Dube, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal, Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohd. Siraj. Reserves: Shubman Gill, Rinku Singh, Khaleel Ahmed, Avesh Khan

2022 World Cup result: Semifinalist

India comes into this year's World Cup as the number one ranked team in the men's game.

Despite being a favourite at every ICC tournament, India has not won a men's ICC tournament since the 2013 Champions Trophy.  

India won the inaugural T20 World Cup in 2007.

They have an excellent chance of claiming a second T20 world title, with arguably the best squad in the competition.

PAKISTAN

World ranking: 7

Squad: Babar Azam (c), Abrar Ahmed, Azam Khan, Fakhar Zaman, Haris Rauf, Iftikhar Ahmed, Imad Wasim, Mohammad Abbas Afridi, Mohammad Amir, Mohammad Rizwan, Naseem Shah, Saim Ayub, Shadab Khan, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Usman Khan

2022 World Cup result: Runner-up

Pakistan rode a wave of momentum in 2022 as they marched to the final of the T20 World Cup at the MCG.

The 2009 world champions fell at the final hurdle against England, but the performance continued Pakistan's resurgence as a white-ball force.

A strong bowling attack led by quick Shaheen Shah Afridi is expected to be a strength for Pakistan as they strive for a second T20 World championship.

IRELAND

World ranking: 11

Squad: Paul Stirling (c), Mark Adair, Ross Adair, Andrew Balbirnie, Curtis Campher, Gareth Delany, George Dockrell, Graham Hume, Josh Little, Barry McCarthy, Neil Rock, Harry Tector, Lorcan Tucker, Ben White, Craig Young

2022 World Cup result: Pool stage

Ireland qualified for the pool stage at the last T20 World Cup and claimed a famous win over eventual champions England.

On their day the Irish can keep the top nations honest, with skipper Paul Stirling and Josh Little their highest-ranked batter and bowler.

UNITED STATES

World ranking: 19

Squad: Monank Patel (c), Aaron Jones, Andries Gous, Corey Anderson, Ali Khan, Harmeet Singh, Jessy Singh, Milind Kumar, Nisarg Patel, Nitish Kumar, Noshtush Kenjige, Saurabh Nethralvakar, Shadley Van Schalkwyk, Steven Taylor, Shayan Jahangir. Reserves: Gajanand Singh, Juanoy Drysdale, Yasir Mohammad.

2022 World Cup result: Did not qualifier

The United States has become the centre of the cricket world as co-hosts of the world cup.

The US come into the world cup filled with confidence after a T20 series win over Bangladesh.

CANADA

World ranking: 23

Squad: Saad Bin Zafar (c), Aaron Johnson, Ravinderpal Singh, Navneet Dhaliwal, Kaleem Sana, Dilon Heyliger, Jeremy Gordon, Nikhil Dutta, Pargat Singh, Nicholas Kirton, Rayyankhan Pathan, Junaid Siddiqui, Dilpreet Bajwa, Shreyas Movva, Rishiv Joshi. Reserves: Tajinder Singh, Aaditya Varadharajan, Ammar Khalid, Jatinder Matharu, Parveen Kumar

2022 World Cup result: Did not qualifier

Canada earned its place in this year's world cup by winning the Amercias qualifier. 

They will be in the spotlight with the United States, participating in the opening match of the tournament. 

Aaron Johnson is the only member of the squad who is in ranked inside the ICC top 100 for either batting or bowling, ranked 93rd in batting.

Pool B
AUSTRALIA

World ranking: 2

Squad: Mitchell Marsh (c), Ashton Agar, Pat Cummins, Tim David, Nathan Ellis, Cameron Green, Josh Hazlewood, Travis Head, Josh Inglis, Glenn Maxwell, Mitchell Starc, Marcus Stoinis, Matthew Wade, David Warner, Adam Zampa. Travelling Reserves: Jake Fraser-McGurk, Matt Short

2022 World Cup result: Pool stage

Australia are one of the favourites to win the world cup in 2024, with talent and depth to envy most.

Winners in 2021, the Aussies missed out on the semifinals at their home event in 2022 due to run rate. 

Josh Hazelwood and Adam Zampa are two of the highest ranked T20 bowlers in the world, while Mitch Marsh can be a match winner with bat and ball.

ENGLAND

World ranking: 3

Squad: Jos Buttler (c), Moeen Ali, Jofra Archer, Jonathan Bairstow, Harry Brook, Sam Curran, Ben Duckett, Tom Hartley, Will Jacks, Chris Jordan, Liam Livingstone, Adil Rashid, Phil Salt, Reece Topley, Mark Wood

2022 World Cup result: World champions

England enter the world cup as defending champions and have a squad good enough to go back-to-back.

Phil Salt is the second-highest ranked batter in T20 while Adil Rashid is the best ranked bowler in the world. 

Jofra Archer is in the squad after struggling with injuries for years, providing the English with a strike weapon if he is at his best.

SCOTLAND

World ranking: 13

Squad: Richie Berrington (c), Matthew Cross, Brad Currie, Chris Greaves, Oli Hairs, Jack Jarvis, Michael Jones, Michael Leask, Brandon McMullen, George Munsey, Safyaan Sharif, Chris Sole, Charlie Tear, Mark Watt, Brad Wheal

2022 World Cup result: First round qualifier

Scotland won the European qualifier to earn their spot at this year's world cup.

The Scots made it to Australia in 2022 but failed to make it into the group stage, being knocked-out of the first round qualifier.

NAMIBIA

World ranking: 13

Squad: Gerhard Erasmus (c), Zane Green, Michael Van Lingen, Dylan Leicher, Ruben Trumpelmann, Jack Brassell, Ben Shikongo, Tangeni Lungameni, Niko Davin, JJ Smit, Jan Frylinck, JP Kotze, David Wiese, Bernard Scholtz, Malan Kruger, PD Blignaut

2022 World Cup result: First round qualifier

Namibia won the Africa qualifier to earn their spot at this year's world cup.

Namibia made it to Australia in 2022 but failed to make it into the group stage, being knocked-out of the first round qualifier.

OMAN

World ranking: 18

Squad: Aqib Ilyas (c), Zeeshan Maqsood, Kashyap Prajapati, Pratik Athavale, Ayaan Khan, Shoaib Khan, Mohammad Nadeem, Naseem Khushi, Mehran Khan, Bilal Khan, Rafiullah, Kaleemullah, Fayyaz Butt, Shakeel Ahmad, Khalid Kail. Reserves: Jatinder Singh, Samay Shrivastava, Sufyan Mehmood, Jay Odedra

2022 World Cup result: Did not qualify

Oman qualified for this year's world cup by winning the Asian qualifier.

They were part of the group stage qualifiers of the tournament in 2021, but did not make it to the Super 12.

Pool C
NEW ZEALAND

World ranking: 5

Squad: Kane Williamson (c), Finn Allen, Trent Boult, Michael Bracewell, Mark Chapman, Devon Conway, Lockie Ferguson, Matt Henry, Daryl Mitchell, Jimmy Neesham, Glenn Phillips, Rachin Ravindra, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee. Reserve: Ben Sears

2022 World Cup result: Semifinalist

New Zealand have proven to be tournament specialists in recent history, without being able to secure the trophy.

Beaten finalists in 2021 and semifinalists in 2022, New Zealand will be hoping they have the team to finally win a white ball world cup.

Finn Allen and Daryl Mitchell are two of the best T20 batters in the world, while the emergence of Rachin Ravindra in last year's 50-over ODI World Cup adds more firepower to the Black Caps.

WEST INDIES

World ranking: 6

Squad: Rovman Powell (c), Alzarri Joseph, Johnson Charles, Roston Chase, Shimron Hetmyer, Jason Holder, Shai Hope, Akeal Hosein, Shamar Joseph, Brandon King, Gudakesh Motie, Nicholas Pooran, Andre Russell, Sherfane Rutherford, Romario Shepherd

2022 World Cup result: First round qualifier

Recent history has been rough at times for the West Indies but there is growing confidence for the hosts.

A Test match victory at the Gabba over Australia last summer seemed to usher in a new-found belief in West Indies cricket.

They are ranked sixth in the world in T20 and have good enough players to be a problem for tournament heavyweights. 

AFGHANISTAN

World ranking: 10

Squad: Rashid Khan (c), Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Ibrahim Zadran, Azmatullah Omarzai, Najibullah Zadran, Mohammad Ishaq, Mohammad Nabi, Gulbadin Naib, Karim Janat, Nangyal Kharoti, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, Noor Ahmad, Naveen-ul-Haq, Fazalhaq Farooqi, Fareed Ahmad Malik. Reserves: Sediq Atal, Hazratullah Zazai, Saleem Safi

2022 World Cup result: Pool stage

Afghanistan are now a regular in big tournaments and demand respect from their opponents. 

Four wins at the 50-over ODI World Cup in 2023 showed they are a genuine chance every time they step onto the field.

Bowling is their strong-suit, with Rashid Khan and Fazalhaq Farooqi both ranked in the top 15 T20 bowlers in the world. 

PAPUA NEW GUINEA

World ranking: 20

Squad: Assadollah Vala (c), Alei Nao, Chad Soper, CJ Amini, Hila Vare, Hiri Hiri, Jack Gardner, John Kariko, Kabua Vagi Morea, Kipling Doriga, Lega Siaka, Norman Vanua, Sema Kamea, Sese Bau, Tony Ura

2022 World Cup result: Did not qualify 

Papua New Guinea earned their place in the world cup by winning the East Asia-Oceania qualifier.

Ranked 20th in the world, their participation in this year's world cup is a major moment for PNG cricket.

UGANDA

World ranking: 22

Squad: Brian Masaba (c), Simon Ssesazi, Roger Mukasa, Cosmas Kyewuta, Dinesh Nakrani, Fred Achelam, Kenneth Waiswa, Alpesh Ramjani, Frank Nsubuga, Henry Ssenyondo, Bilal Hassun, Robinson Obuya, Riazat Ali Shah, Juma Miyaji, Ronak Patel. Reserves: Innocent Mwebaze, Ronald Lutaaya

2022 World Cup result: Did not qualify

Uganda earned their place in this year's T20 World Cup by placing second in the Africa qualifier.

They won five of their six matches, including wins over Zimbabwe and Kenya. Uganda's only loss was to eventual winners Namibia.

Pool D
SOUTH AFRICA

World ranking: 4

Squad: Aiden Markram (c), Ottniel Baartman, Gerald Coetzee, Quinton de Kock, Bjorn Fortuin, Reeza Hendricks, Marco Jansen, Heinrich Klaasen, Keshav Maharaj, David Miller, Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada, Ryan Rickelton, Tabraiz Shamsi, Tristan Stubbs

2022 World Cup result: Pool stage

South Africa will be looking to end cricket world cup heartache at this year's tournament.

The Proteas have never made the final of the 20 or 50-over world cup, with several devastating losses in semifinals.

South Africa looked all but certain to make the semifinals of the 2022 T20 World Cup, before a shock loss to the Netherlands in their final pool game knocked them out of the tournament.

SRI LANKA

World ranking: 8

Squad: Wanindu Hasaranga (c), Charith Asalanka, Kusal Mendis, Pathum Nissanka, Kamindu Mendis, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Angelo Mathews, Dasun Shanaka, Dhananjaya De Silva, Maheesh Theekshana, Dunith Wellalage, Dushmantha Chameera, Nuwan Thushara, Matheesha Pathirana, Dilshan Madushanka. Reserves: Asitha Fernando, Vijayakanth Viyaskanth, Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Janith Liyanage

2022 World Cup result: Pool stage

Sri Lanka always pose a threat in world cups and come into this year's tournament with an enviable bowling attack.

Captain Wanindu Hasaranga and Maheesh Theekshana are both ranked in the top-five T20 bowlers in the world.

The 2014 world champions achieved wins over Afghanistan and Ireland in 2022, but fell to Australia, New Zealand and England.

BANGLADESH

World ranking: 9

Squad: Najmul Hossain Shanto (c), Taskin Ahmed, Litton Das, Soumya Sarkar, Tanzid Hasan Tamim, Shakib Al Hasan, Tawhid Hridoy, Mahmud Ullah Riyad, Jaker Ali Anik, Tanvir Islam, Shak Mahedi Hasan, Rishad Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Tanzim Hasan Sakib. Reserves: Afif Hossain, Hasan Mahmud

2022 World Cup result: Pool stage

Bangladesh are coming into this world cup having lost a T20 series to the United States.

Their two wins in the 2022 tournament (against the Netherlands and Zimbabwe) were both by less than 10 runs.

Bangladesh's form will need to turn around quickly if they want to make an impression on this tournament. 

NETHERLANDS

World ranking: 15

Squad: Scott Edwards (c), Aryan Dutt, Bas de Leede, Kyle Klein, Logan van Beek, Max O'Dowd, Michael Levitt, Paul van Meekeren, Ryan Klein, Saqib Zulfiqar, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Teja Nidamanuru, ⁠⁠Tim Pringle, Vikram Singh, Viv Kingma, Wesley Barresi. Reserve: Ryan Klein

2022 World Cup result: Pool stage

The Netherlands have enjoyed white-ball success in recent world cups.

A famous win in the pool stages over South Africa in the 2022 T20 World Cup, was followed by another win over South Africa and Bangladesh in the 50-over tournament in 2023.

The Netherlands will be hoping to add more wins to their world cup history this year.

NEPAL

World ranking: 17

Squad: Rohit Paudel (c), Aasif Sheikh, Anil Kumar Sah, Kushal Bhurtel, Kushal Malla, Dipendra Singh Airee, Lalit Rajbanshi, Karan KC, Gulshan Jha, Sompal Kami, Pratis GC, Sundeep Jora, Abinash Bohara, Sagar Dhakal, Kamal Singh Airee

2022 World Cup result: Did not qualify

Nepal came second in the Asia qualifier to earn their spot in this year's world cup.

They lost the Asia qualifier final to Oman in a super over.

Ranked 17th in the world, their participation in this year's world cup is a major moment for Nepal cricket.

Australia's pool matches
June 6: Australia vs Oman, Kensington Oval, Barbados, 10:30am AEST
June 9: Australia vs England, Kensington Oval, Barbados, 3am AEST
June 12: Australia vs Namibia, Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, Antigua and Barbuda, 10:30am AEST
June 16: Australia vs Scotland, Daren Sammy Cricket Ground/Beausejour Cricket Ground, Saint Lucia, 10:30am AEST
Tournament format
ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

Read more

Each team will play one match against each opponent in their pool, meaning every team will play at least four matches. 

The top two teams from each pool will then move on to the Super Eight.

Winner Pool A, Winner Pool C, Runner-up Pool B, Runner-up Pool D
Winner Pool B, Winner Pool D, Runner-up Pool A, Runner-up Pool C

Those eight teams will be split into two groups of four. All teams team will face their fellow group members once.

The top two from each group will move onto the semifinals, with those winners playing in the final on June 30 at 12:30am AEST.

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted 31 May 2024
31 May 2024
Share
Related topics

Australia

Cricket

Sport

Sport
Aussie Birrell scores upset win over second seed Navarro in Brisbane

LIVE

Photo shows Kimberly Birrell pumps her first during a Brisbane International match.
Nick Kyrgios the player underlines his quality even in defeat

Analysis by Simon Smale

Photo shows Nick Kyrgios closes his eyes and claps his hand
Richardson in frame for SCG call-up, despite ongoing injury recovery

Topic:
Cricket

Photo shows Jhye Richardson looks on in Australian training kit
Kyrgios goes down to rising French star, Djokovic wins through in Brisbane

Topic:
Tennis

Photo shows Nick Kyrgios plays a backhand return at the Brisbane International.
Magnus Carlsen returns to championship after rule change allows him to wear jeans

Topic:
Chess

Photo shows A young man in a blue jacket and jeans runs his hands through his hair.
Top Stories
Australians work some of the longest hours in the world. This law might change that in 2025

Topic:
Work

Photo shows A woman of Asian heritage sits at the kitchen table resting her chin on her hand, exhausted. Children play behind her.
Australian dollar inching toward levels where RBA may step in

Topic:
Currency

Photo shows A money tin laying on its side featuring a print of a green Australian one hundred dollar note
Up to 60,000 digital EFTPOS cards could stop working from January 1

Topic:
Explainer

Photo shows A hand using a mobile phone credit card to pay.
Beijing 'crackdown' on mass attacks as perpetrators sentenced

Topic:
Crime

Photo shows A man bends down while placing flowers among other bouquets
Drone warfare boomed in 2024 — some developments were 'scary as hell'

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Photo shows A Ukrainian solider shakes hands with a robotic dog on the battlefield.
Popular now

Topic:
Currency

Australian dollar inching toward levels where RBA may step in
Photo shows A money tin laying on its side featuring a print of a green Australian one hundred dollar note

Topic:
Explainer

Up to 60,000 digital EFTPOS cards could stop working from January 1
Photo shows A hand using a mobile phone credit card to pay.

Topic:
Events

Mooloolaba New Year's Eve fireworks pilloried as 'pure disappointment'
Photo shows fireworks in sky
Top Stories
Australians work some of the longest hours in the world. This law might change that in 2025

Topic:
Work

Photo shows A woman of Asian heritage sits at the kitchen table resting her chin on her hand, exhausted. Children play behind her.
Australian dollar inching toward levels where RBA may step in

Topic:
Currency

Up to 60,000 digital EFTPOS cards could stop working from January 1

Topic:
Explainer

Beijing 'crackdown' on mass attacks as perpetrators sentenced

Topic:
Crime

Drone warfare boomed in 2024 — some developments were 'scary as hell'

Topic:
Unrest, Conflict and War

Just In
FBI says it has made 'largest seizure of explosives' in its history

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

11m ago
11 minutes ago
Mooloolaba New Year's Eve fireworks pilloried as 'pure disappointment'

Topic:
Events

38m ago
38 minutes ago
Beijing 'crackdown' on mass attacks as perpetrators sentenced

Topic:
Crime

28m ago
28 minutes ago
Up to 60,000 digital EFTPOS cards could stop working from January 1

Topic:
Explainer

1h ago
1 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-01/icc-t20-world-cup-team-guide-australia-india-new-zealand-england/103897810 
 ----- 
