HOME
MATCHES
STANDINGS
NEWS
VIDEOS
TEAMS
STATS
SHOP
FAN PASSPORT
BUY TICKETS
PLAYER OF THE TOURNAMENT
PERFECT-DELIVERY
ABOUT
ICC HOME
ENGLISH
VIDEOS
SHOP
SIGN IN
22 June, 2024
Pandya powers India to victory over Bangladesh in crucial Super Eights clash
The action continued in a high-scoring encounter in Antigua.

India closed in on a semi-final spot with a thumping 50-run win over Bangladesh in Antigua in a pivotal Super Eights encounter at the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024.

After their innings, India reached 196/5, with Bangladesh making 146/8 in their response.

India thus continue their unbeaten run, having seen off Ireland, Pakistan, USA, and Afghanistan - with their match against Canada washed out.

Bangladesh, meanwhile, knew they needed a win to continue their progress in the tournament, having lost their opening Super Eights match to Australia.

Scoreboard: India v Bangladesh

Toss: Bangladesh won toss and bowled first

India outplayed Bangladesh with a clinical win to make it two wins out of two in the Super Eight phase.

Big hitting from India

It looked set to be a dominant performance from India as Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli began their day's work, reaching 29/0 after just three overs.

Rohit became Shakib al Hasan's 50th T20 World Cup wicket as he skewed a ball pitching on leg towards mid-off, and Jaker Ali took the catch. It was the end of a valuable 11-ball innings - making 23 runs from it at a strike-rate of 209.09.

Kohli continued piling on the runs until the ninth over, bowled by Tanzim Hasan Sakib for 37, including a four and three sixes.

And Tanzim needed just two more balls for his second wicket of the day, with Suryakumar flicking through to the gloves of wicketkeeper Litton Das.

Rishabh Pant put in a fine cameo of 36 before attempting to reverse-sweep Rishad Hossain, but only as far as the hands of Tanzim, leaving India 108/4.

India made 196 batting first against Bangladesh with a half-century from Hardik Pandya.

And it was Rishad who clean bowled Shivam Dube, who was looking set fair to see the innings home. The batter was seeking another big shot to add to his tally of three sixes, but could not make the contact, and was on his way for 34.

It was left to Hardik Pandya to see India home, hitting a half-century off 27 balls, with Axar Patel sticking with him until the end of the innings.

Bangladesh chase in vain

Bangladesh mustered some fire in their response but not quite enough, starting slowly and never able to catch up. Though the wickets did not fall quickly, neither did the runs flow.

Litton Das was first man out, caught by Yadav off Pandya for 13, and Tanzid Hasan followed for 29, tricked by Kuldeep Yadav's googly.

It was Kuldeep who also removed Towhid Hridoy lbw for 4, and then Shakib for 11 - just as he was starting to look threatening with a couple of big hits.

When Jasprit Bumrah made his inevitable breakthrough, tempting Najmul Hossain Shanto to the hands of Arshdeep Singh for 40 in the 16th over, Bangladesh's hopes faded further. Shanto had put in a solid knock off 32 balls, with one four and three sixes.

And then Arshdeep took a wicket of his own, his slower delivery dragged by Jaker Ali to Virat Kohli, leaving Bangladesh on 110/6 with four overs remaining.

Rishad made an effort to close the gap a little with a quickfire 24 off just ten balls before sending a Bumrah ball directly into the hands of Sharma at extra cover in the penultimate over.

And Arshdeep wrapped up the innings by removing the tenacious Mahmudullah, who had made his way to the crease in the 14th over and made 13 runs off 15 balls.

T20 ICC Men's Cricket WC 2024
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024
News
India Vs Bangladesh - Super Eight - Match 7 - 6/22/2024
PREMIER PARTNERS
GLOBAL PARTNERS
OFFICIAL SUPPORTER
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
TERMS OF SERVICE
PRIVACY POLICY
CAREERS
RELATED SITES
ABOUT
Copyright 2024 ICC. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie Policy
Reject All Accept All Cookies
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.icc-cricket.com/tournaments/t20cricketworldcup/news/live-india-face-bangladesh-in-crucial-super-eights-clash 
 ----- 
