INDIA TODAY
AAJ TAK
GNTTV
LALLANTOP
BUSINESS TODAY
BANGLA
MALAYALAM
NORTHEAST
BT BAZAAR
HARPER'S BAZAAR
SPORTS TAK
CRIME TAK
ASTRO TAK
GAMING
BRIDES TODAY
COSMOPOLITAN
KISAN TAK
ISHQ FM
INDIA TODAY HINDI
READER’S DIGEST
AAJ TAK CAMPUS
Magazine
Live TV
Search
SIGN IN
Edition
IN
Subscribe
Home
TV
Live TV
Primetime
Elections
Delhi
Maharashtra
Jharkhand
Magazine
Latest Edition
Insight
Best Colleges
Life+Style
India
South
Global
Business
All Sports
Sports Today
Cricket
Football
Tennis
Technology
Entertainment
Showbuzz
Bollywood
Hollywood
OTT
Latest Reviews
Newspresso
Specials
Podcasts
First Things Fast
Sunday Special
History of It
NewsMo
DIU
Interactives
Opinion
Games
Videos
Short Videos
Fact Check
Other News
Education
It's Viral
Science
Health
Auto
Law Today
Environment
Cities
Weather
Web Stories
Horoscopes
DOWNLOAD APP
Follow Us On:
NewsSportsCricketRecalling past thrillers of IND vs BAN in T20 World Cups
SPORTS
All
Cricket
IPL auction
Match-Centre
BGT Tests
Football
Tennis
Formula One
Other Sports
Videos
Venues

India vs Bangladesh in T20 World Cups not for faint-hearted: Recalling past thrillers
T20 World Cup 2024, IND vs BAN: Bangladesh do not have a great T20 record against India, but they have given the Asian Giants a run for their money quite a few times.

Listen to Story

Share
ADVERTISEMENT
Recalling past thrillers of IND vs BAN in T20 World Cups. Courtesy: PTI
Sabyasachi Chowdhury
New Delhi,UPDATED: Jun 22, 2024 11:01 IST
In Short
Bangladesh have lost all 4 T20 World Cup matches to India
Bangladesh have beaten India only once in T20Is
Bangladesh lost their first Super 8 match to Australia

The rivalry between India and Bangladesh in T20Is has been one-sided until now. Bangladesh have hardly been able to make a name for themselves as a T20 team that can give the top teams a run for their money. When it comes to facing India, they have a 1-12 record in 13 T20Is. Their only win came back in November 2019 at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in New Delhi. When it comes to the T20 World Cup, Bangladesh have lost all 4 of their matches since their first meeting back in 2009.

ADVERTISEMENT

But on 2 of those instances, the Tigers ran the Men in Blue close. The legendary Mashrafe Mortaza and the very Shakib Al Hasan agonisingly fell short of taking their team past the finish line. Bangladesh gave themselves a golden chance of pulling off a massive heist both times, but they stumbled in the crunch moments to finish on the losing side.

Najmul Hossain Shanto is now in with a chance to give Bangladesh their maiden T20 World Cup win against India when they face them on Saturday at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados. For now, let’s look at the thrillers between the 2 teams that aren’t for the faint-hearted.

Hardik, Dhoni’s break Bangladesh hearts
Hardik Pandya picked up 2 crucial wickets in the T20 World Cup 2016 match. Courtesy: AP
MUST READ

Does poor gut health cause increased tanning?

TRENDING TOPICS:
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
New Year 2025
Delhi Election

In 2016 at the M Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore, Bangladesh got themselves within touching distance of securing victory against the Asian giants. Al-Amin Hossain and Mustafizur Rahman picked up 2 wickets apiece as Bangladesh restricted India to 146 for 7. Suresh Raina, Shikhar Dhawan and Virat Kohli chipped in with vital contributions, although they could not score big.

In the run-chase, the Tigers needed 11 runs to win off the last over as the match was still in the balance. But then, Mushfiqur Rahim hit Hardik Pandya for a four through the covers and then through fine leg. With 2 runs needed off 3 balls, all it needed from the Bangladesh batters was to hold their nerves. But then, Hardik made a stupendous comeback in the over.

T20 World Cup Coverage | Points Table | T20 World Cup 2024 Schedule | Player Stats

Mushfiqur tried to clear mid-wicket, but holed out to Shikhar Dhawan. Thereafter, Mahmudullah, another set batter, perished after trying to play a similar shot. With 2 runs needed off 1 ball, Shuvagata Hom missed the ball and tried to sneak in a bye, but MS Dhoni took off his gloves to run Mustafizur Rahman out as India beat Bangladesh by 1 run.

Litton’s whole-hearted efforts in vain
Litton Das scored a fifty in Adelaide, but to no avail. Courtesy: AP

In 2022 at the Adelaide Oval, yet again, Bangladesh snatched defeat from the jaws of victory. After being asked to bat first, India scored 184 for 6 in 20 overs. KL Rahul laid the platform for India with a knock of 50 off 32 balls, after which Virat Kohli chipped in an unbeaten 64-run off 44 balls. Suryakumar Yadav used the long handle to good effect to score 30 runs off 16 balls. Ravi Ashwin’s 13-run cameo in the death overs took India past the 180-run mark.

Taskin Ahmed was the standout Bangladeshi bowler with figures of 4-0-15-0. Hasan Mahmud picked up 3 wickets, but was taken apart for 47 runs. Skipper Shakib, the all-time top wicket-taker in T20 World Cups, was on his mark after he got the crucial wickets of Suryakumar and Rahul.

Bangladesh made their intent clear in the run-chase. Litton Das played some gorgeous shots to score 60 runs off 27 balls. But after the rain delay when the Tigers were set a revised target of 185, India made a comeback. Rahul pulled off a direct hit to run out Litton, after which the rest of the Bangladesh batters faltered. With 7 runs needed off the last ball, Nurul Hasan Sohan could only take a single as India won the match by 5 wickets.

Can Bangladesh beat India?

For the upcoming game, India will undoubtedly be the favourites. After beating Afghanistan in their first Super 8 clash, Rohit Sharma’s men will be high on confidence. Jasprit Bumrah and Arshdeep Singh kept putting pressure on the opposition batters with regular wickets. Bangladesh, on the other hand, would be looking to recover after losing to Australia. Top-order batting remains a problem for them going into their remaining 2 games in the Super stage. For now, it needs a Herculean task for Bangladesh to beat India, but not impossible by any stretch of the imagination.

Published By:
sabyasachi chowdhury
Published On:
Jun 22, 2024
Also Read | How New Zealand were let down by strategic blunders in T20 World Cup 2024
Watch Live TV
Follow Us On:
TRENDING TOPICS
Mufasa The Lion King Review
Ambedkar Row
Delhi AQI
Mumbai Boat Accident
LATEST
Horoscope Today
DOWNLOAD APP
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ARCHIVES
Copyright © 2025 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatoday.in/sports/cricket/story/t20-world-cup-ind-vs-ban-shakib-al-hasan-virat-kohli-2556498-2024-06-22 
 ----- 
