Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with €12 per month
Support us
Sign in
Eur
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
View image in fullscreen
Paul Stirling, who hit an unbeaten 66, and Lorcan Tucker (45 not out) celebrate with their Ireland teammates in Hobart. Photograph: Steve Bell/ICC/Getty Images
T20 World Cup
 This article is more than 2 years old
T20 World Cup: Ireland and Zimbabwe through, West Indies and Scotland out
This article is more than 2 years old
Ireland into England’s group after win over West Indies
Scotland miss out on Super 12s after defeat to Zimbabwe
PA Media and Guardian sport
Fri 21 Oct 2022 10.10 CEST
Share
76

Ireland beat West Indies by nine wickets in Hobart to book their place in the Super 12s stage of the T20 World Cup and send the former champions crashing out, while Scotland missed out to Zimbabwe for the final qualifying place.

After winning the toss and deciding to bat, West Indies could reach only 146 for five, with Brandon King scoring an unbeaten 62. Ireland’s spinners played their part with Gareth Delany taking three for 16 and Sami Singh one for 11 from his two overs. Odean Smith added a rapid 19 late in the innings, but the 147 target always looked modest.

Alex Hales warns England not to take Afghanistan lightly at T20 World Cup
Read more

Ireland, who had recovered from a 31-run defeat to Zimbabwe with a dramatic comeback to beat Scotland, reached their victory target with 15 balls to spare. Paul Stirling made 66 not out and built a first-wicket partnership of 73 with Andy Balbirnie, before the captain was caught at point off Akeal Hosein for 37.

Lorcan Tucker came in to bat and scored 45 not out, hitting the winning runs to seal a memorable victory for the loss of only one wicket. Ireland advance to the Super 12s for the first time since 2009, while the two-time tournament winners are left to reflect on an ignominious first-round exit.

Quick Guide
T20 World Cup 2022: Super 12s
Show

“This means everything to us. We were so disappointed to miss out at this stage last year,” the Ireland captain, Balbirnie, said afterwards. “We set out some things we wanted to achieve as a team and how we wanted to play,” he added. “We lost our first game but to then come back and beat two-time champions in a must-win game, I could not be prouder. It was an emotional finish, we are absolutely delighted. It is a really proud day for Ireland.”

The West Indies captain, Nicholas Pooran, said: “It’s definitely hurting. I’m disappointed in myself and how it has gone but we will live to fight another day. I want to say congratulations to Ireland, they batted and bowled fantastically today. This is a learning experience for us.”

View image in fullscreen
The celebrations begin for Zimbabwe at Bellerive Oval. Photograph: Steve Bell/ICC/Getty Images

Electing to bat in the second match, Scotland managed 132 for six with opener George Munsey top scoring with 54.

Zimbabwe’s chase was not without hiccups but Craig Ervine produced a captain’s knock of 54 and Sikandar Raza smashed a breezy 40 as they overwhelmed the target with nine balls to spare.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to The Spin

Free weekly newsletter

Subscribe to our cricket newsletter for our writers' thoughts on the biggest stories and a review of the week’s action

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

“It’s satisfying and humbling and emotional as well,” player-of-the-match Raza, who also took a stunning catch and claimed a wicket, said. “I said to [Ervine]: ‘Give me 8-10 balls and I’ll try to win it as quickly as possible. You’re the one who’s going to take it deep.’”

Zimbabwe join India, Pakistan, South Africa, Bangladesh and the Netherlands in Group 2 of the Super 12 stage.

Ireland face England, New Zealand, Australia, Afghanistan and Sri Lanka in Group 1.

Explore more on these topics
T20 World Cup
Ireland Cricket Team
Zimbabwe Cricket Team
Scotland Cricket Team
West Indies cricket team
Twenty20
Cricket
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2022/oct/21/cricket-t20-world-cup-ireland-west-indies-scotland-zimbabwe 
 ----- 
