Subscribe
Home
Latest
Subscriber Only
Crosswords & Puzzles
Ireland
Politics
Opinion
Business
World
Sport
Gaelic Games
Rugby
Soccer
Golf
Racing
Athletics
Boxing
Cycling
Hockey
Tennis
Your Money
Crime & Law
Property
Food
Health
Life & Style
Culture
Environment
Technology
Science
Media
Abroad
Obituaries
Transport
Motors
Listen
Podcasts
Video
Photography
History
Tuarascáil
Student Hub
Offbeat
Family Notices
Opens in new window
Sponsored
Subscriber Rewards
Competitions
Weather Forecast
Sport
T20 World Cup: Gareth Delany comes full circle with player of the match performance
The 25-year-old returned figures of three for 16, setting the tone for Irish victory against the West Indies
Expand
Ireland's Gareth Delany (C) celebrates his wicket of West Indies' Evin Lewis. Photograph: David Gray/AFP via Getty
Nathan Johns at the Bellerive Oval, Hobart
Fri Oct 21 2022 - 12:17

Sometimes things just come full circle. When Ireland were knocked out of the T20 World Cup last year by Namibia, Gareth Delany, in his own words, “choked”. His slow-scoring effort with the bat, just nine off 18 balls, was part of a team-wide malaise; a lack of boundaries knocked Ireland out of the tournament.

Some 364 days later, nearly a year to the day, Delany reversed both his and Ireland’s fortunes, only this time with the ball. His player of the match performance, returning figures of three for 16, set the tone in a dominant Irish nine-wicket win over the West Indies, their biggest victory at a T20 World Cup as they reach the next stage of the competition for the first time in 13 years.

Delany, aged 25, grew up watching a series of famous Irish tournament victories: Pakistan in 2007, England in 2011, the West Indies in 2015. Now, after a number of barren years on the world stage, he is part of a young Irish side that has a momentous World Cup victory of its own.

“It’s great to make your own bit of history with Irish cricket,” said Delany, his understated reflection betraying how the focus immediately turns to what’s next. “Hopefully that can continue into the next round as well.”

READ MORE
The Legend of Sparrow Robertson: The last sportswriter in Nazi Paris
‘Helping him in his darkest moment was also helping me’: David Eccles and Tadhg Kennelly on an act of friendship that spawned a movement
Irish Times Sportswoman of the Year Awards: ‘The greatest collection of women in Irish sport in one place ever assembled’
Two-time Olympic champion Kellie Harrington named Irish Times/Sport Ireland Sportswoman of the Year 2024

Qualification guarantees another five games at the tournament. Most pertinently, a date with England at the Melbourne Cricket Ground next Wednesday awaits.

“We’ll give them a good go,” says Delany. “We’ve beaten them before, who knows?”

[ Ireland thump West Indies to reach next stage of T20 World Cup
Opens in new window
 ]

Delany’s transition in a side full of individuals who have changed their role has been well documented, but his performance at a major tournament cements his turnaround. At the start of the summer, he was Ireland’s number three batter and an option with the ball for the odd over here and there.

Sitting in the changing room after last year’s defeat to Namibia, Delany could not have envisioned playing a major role in a redemption victory with a completely different skill set.

“Probably not, no,” admitted Delany. “That role is completely reversed, guys have come up the order. I’m just happy to contribute to be able to get in this team, it’s a tough team to get in to.

“Any way I can contribute I’m happy, and if that means with the ball then that means I have to develop that more.”

“There were definitely nerves today but at the same time there was probably more pressure on the West Indies to qualify, at least that’s the way I saw it. It’s a big game, both teams want to go through and we don’t think we’re that far off the West Indies, others might.

“But they were the ones that had more to lose than us, that’s the way we approached it.”

Whatever the approach, Ireland clicked. After a disappointing opening defeat to Zimbabwe and a get-out-of-jail victory over Scotland thanks to one scintillating partnership between Curtis Campher and George Dockrell, a more complete performance to see off West Indies suggests the side is trending in the right direction.

With ties against Sri Lanka, England, Afghanistan, Australia and New Zealand approaching, they will have to be.

Ireland’s Super 12 fixtures

Sunday, October 23rd v Sri Lanka, Bellerive Oval, Hobart, 3pm local/5am Irish time

Wednesday, October 26th v England, Melbourne Cricket Ground, 3pm/5am

Friday, October 28th v Afghanistan, Melbourne Cricket Ground, 3pm/5am

Monday, October 31st v Australia, The Gabba, Brisbane, 6pm/8am

Friday, November 4th v New Zealand, Adelaide Oval, 2.30pm/4am

Nathan Johns

Nathan Johns is an Irish Times journalist

Opens in new window
Opens in new window
Cricket
T20 World Cup
IN THIS SECTION
Sporting obituaries 2024: From Micheál Ó Muircheartaigh to Franz Beckenbauer and Tony O’Reilly
Paying public deserved to see Jack Crowley-Sam Prendergast battle in Christmas interpros
Bristol Bears sign Harry Byrne from Leinster on three-month loan deal
Sainte Lucie hailed as ‘top drawer’ by Willie Mullins after Punchestown triumph
Arteta says Arsenal must ‘continue to be like a hammer’ in pursuit of leaders Liverpool
MOST READ
Dublin bin bag ban comes into force in south inner city
Great Guinness heist: UK thieves steal truck carrying 35,000 pints
An Irish cardiologist’s tips on how to ‘make purposeful changes in your life and see them through’
Households to receive €125 energy credit from tomorrow, while social welfare payments and minimum wage increase
Ireland has been surpassed as ‘the largest open-air lunatic asylum in the world’
LATEST STORIES
A neuropsychologist’s view on how to thrive in an angry, unpredictable world
Ireland in the 1980s was backward, poor and stagnant. Some politicians want to bring us back there
New Year’s in Australia: When you leave home to live abroad, you take any traditions you can feasibly translate
‘Everyone expects us to get married and it feels like an unstoppable train’
The year of hope: ‘Exciting’ advances achieved in search to reverse Alzheimer’s disease
Facebook page
Twitter feed

© 2024 The Irish Times DAC

Subscribe
Why Subscribe?
Subscription Bundles
Subscriber Rewards
Student Subscription
Subscription Help Centre
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
Gift Subscriptions
Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Opens in new window
My Account
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
The Irish Times Trust
Careers
Irish Times Products & Services
ePaper
Crosswords & puzzles
Newspaper Archive
Newsletters
Article Index
Opens in new window
Discount Codes
Opens in new window
Download the app
   
MyHome.ie
Opens in new window
The Gloss
Opens in new window
Recruit Ireland
Opens in new window
Irish Times Training
Opens in new window
RIP.ie
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Cookie Settings
Community Standards
Copyright
We value your privacy
We and our 81 partners store and access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies. This is done to process personal data. To take these actions we require your consent, which you can provide through the banner options. You can manage your preferences and object to processing based on legitimate interest at any time in the privacy policy page. Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I ACCEPT MANAGE SETTINGS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/2022/10/21/t20-world-cup-gareth-delany-comes-full-circle-with-player-of-the-match-performance/ 
 ----- 
