English
HomeLatest NewsWebstoryDNA HindiAutomobileEducationVideosBusinessPhotosIndia
ADVERTISEMENT
Headlines

Human Behaviour as the cornerstone to future proof cyber security challenges

Shillong Teer Results TODAY January 1, 2025 Wednesday Live Updates: Check lucky winning numbers

Exploring K Raheja realty's role in sustainable real estate development

Yuvraj Singh, Irfan Pathan and other cricketers come together to wish fans a Happy New Year

Diljit Dosanjh faces trouble: Legal action taken after his concert in Ludhiana over alleged pro-alcohol songs

Parents of OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji demand FBI probe after autopsy points to murder

'Great time to be...': NASA astronaut Sunita Williams to witness 16 sunrises, sunsets on Jan 1 from Space, check post

Olympic shooter Manu Bhaker wishes nation a Happy New Year, urges fans to adopt new resolution

Post-party blues? Here are top hangover remedies to get you back on track in 2025

From Credit Card to UPI to FD: Key changes in financial rules from January 1 that will affect common man

'Happy 2025': President Murmu, PM Modi, LoP Rahul Gandhi extend New Year greetings

Amid dating rumours with Abhishek Bachchan, Nimrat Kaur shares vacation video on New Year: '2025 here I...'

This man moved from India at 13, started his own company which is worth Rs 4171crore, closely related to Juhi Chawla

New Year's Eve: Virat Kohli spotted walking hand-in-hand with wife Anushka Sharma on streets of Sydney, WATCH viral clip

'Biwi Bhag Jayegi...': Gautam Adani's witty response to Narayana Murthy's 70-hour work week advise

10 major rules changing from January 1, 2025: How they will impact your pocket

Baby John box office collection day 7: Varun Dhawan film fails to impress fans, earns only Rs...

Sonakshi Sinha, Zaheer Iqbal celebrate New Year in Australia, enjoy spectacular fireworks in viral video: Watch

Delhi-NCR weather update: Air quality dips to 'poor category' with AQI 239, temperature drops to...

Nayanthara, Vignesh Shivan enjoy 'surreal night' with R Madhavan and his wife Sarita Birje, welcome 2025 from Dubai

Radhika Merchant's gold gown with mangalsutra bracelet is the perfect blend of tradition and modernity

New Year 2025: Google welcomes 2025 with mesmerising star-themed doodle

'Is Goa really empty?': Viral post during New Year festivities sparks debate online, netizens call it...

From Salman Khan's Sikandar' to Aamir Khan's Sitaare Zameen Par, War 2: Most-awaited movies of 2025

Hamas Commander Abd al-Hadi Sabah, leader of Oct 7 Kibbutz Nir Oz attack, eliminated in Israeli drone strike

Meet man, who co-founded Rs 2811 crore company, now got richer by Rs 780000000 by selling...

Meet one of the youngest Indian CEOs, who has net worth of Rs 4300 crore, runs company worth Rs...

Meet woman, who fought depression, bounced back to crack UPSC exam, now posted as....

DNA TV Show: Will there be a war between Pakistan and Afghan Taliban?

Pushpa 2: Aamir Khan congratulates Allu Arjun, team for blockbuster success

Delhi recorded 209 ‘good to moderate’ AQI in 2024, best since 2018

Noida Police to offer cabs for drunk partygoers on New Year's Eve; check details

Santosh Trophy 2024: Bengal beat Kerala 1-0 to win title for 33rd time

Tabu’s sister Farah Naaz would abuse herself, says Sujata Mehta: 'I would see marks on hands'

Deepika Padukone recalls taking first step towards committing her life to destigmatise mental illness: 'I took my...'

7th Pay Commission: Good news for govt employees of this state, 7% DA hiked from New Year 2025

Watch: Thousands of devotees throng Ram Temple to witness last arti of 2024

Why Yemen awarded death sentence to Kerala nurse Nimisha Priya

Star Wars actor Angus MacInnes passes away at 77

100 km and 12 days: World’s longest traffic jam happened in THIS country due to...

Anurag Kashyap says he is leaving Mumbai after being 'disgusted' by Bollywood: 'I'm so disappointed and...'

Australia welcomes New Year! Spectacular fireworks light the sky, WATCH viral video here

'Remove negative...': Ranveer Allahbadia aka Beer Biceps shares advice on career growth for New Year 2025

These countries welcome New Year first; check full list from first to last

New Year 2025 bank holiday: Are banks closed on January 1? Check here

New Year 2025: Countries that don’t celebrate January 1, here’s what they do

WATCH: New Zealand's Auckland welcomes New Year 2025 with fireworks, light show

WhatsApp Pay can now extend UPI services to all users in India as NPCI lifts...

Kate Beckinsale supports Blake Lively's sexual harassment case against Justin Baldoni, she was forced to do...

Mira Rajput says 'she is ready to fly', shares UNSEEN photos with Shahid Kapoor, shares her hopes for 2025

Happy New Year 2025: How New Year is celebrated across the world; know traditions, rituals

Ayush Mhatre breaks Yashasvi Jaiswal's world record, becomes youngest player to...

This man was India's first billionaire, owned diamond paper weight, private airline, Rolls Royce, he was...

This is the 'poorest' CM of India, ruling state since 2011, holds assets worth just Rs...

Mukesh Ambani's Reliance spends Rs 111327 crore in five years on...

Meet man, who worked as sawmill operator, his father battled alcoholism, cracked UPSC exam, now posted as...

Happy New Year 2025: Celebrations begin! Know history, customs, significance and more

Kareena Kapoor Khan and Gloirio: Redefining Luxury Interiors Together

Prepp: Unlock 500% Reward on Cracking Any Government Exam

Most Famous and Best astrologer in India: Acharya Indravarman Reveals Best Practices in Vedic Astrology

Happy New Year 2025: Best wishes, WhatsApp messages, quotes to send to your family, friends

'Pushpa 2 makers should...': Pawan Kalyan breaks his silence after Allu Arjun's arrest in stampede death case

Sonakshi Sinha, Zaheer Iqbal 'jump off a plane', celebrate engagement anniversary on 'highest’ note: Watch

Rashmika Mandanna reacts to success of Animal, Pushpa 2, calls December her lucky month: 'When I get the whistles...'

ITR filing: CBDT extends deadline for filing belated, revised income tax return for AY 2024-25 by...

Elon Musk changes his name, profile picture on X after famous comic character, it is...

Arvind Kejriwal launches registration for Pujari Granthi Samman Yojana, to provide Rs.... to priests

New Year's Eve: Bengaluru bans whistling, facemasks in public places; 7500 CCTV cameras installed

2024 - The year of AI-driven transformation for businesses/AI adoption across industries

Former Indian cricketer Vinod Kambli dances to Chak De at hospital, watch viral video

After Aquaman 2 box office failure, Jason Momoa returns to James Gunn's DC Universe as...

Delhi Police holds cell block party for hooligans on New Year 2025

Aashiqui actress Anu Aggarwal gets brutally trolled for her party video: 'Don't ruin your history, this is so cheap'

Shardul Thakur's explosive 73 off 28 balls shines in Vijay Hazare Trophy after being overlooked for Australia Series

Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt officially divorced after 8 years of legal battle

Shah Rukh Khan praises PM Modi's WAVES Summit 2025: 'An occasion that champions and fosters creativity'

This is world's oldest wine, buried 2000 years ago in Spain, it belonged to...

North Korea's Kim Jong Un extends New Year greetings to 'dearest friend' Putin, expresses hope for Russia to achieve...

Yashasvi Jaiswal achieves rare feat, joins elite club of Sachin Tendulkar and Sunil Gavaskar with THIS record

Karan Johar takes a dig at New Year goals and promises with hilarious post: 'My goal in 2025...'

New Year's Eve: All about Delhi Police's traffic advisory; know routes to avoid and metro timings

Abhishek Bachchan prompted Sreejesh to say 'Anushka Didi', here's how Virat Kohli reacted

Keerthy Suresh reveals Samantha Ruth Prabhu's crucial role in her Bollywood debut in Baby John

Ananya Panday bids goodbye to 2024 on a positive note: 'Going into 2025 recharged'

This is richest chief minister in India, has net worth of Rs 930 crore, know where other CMs stand on the list

Kareena Kapoor Khan can't stop taking last few selfies ahead of New Year 2025

US to lose old ally over THIS reason? Reports claim Saudi Arabia wants to buy...

Who is Nimisha Priya? Indian nurse sentenced to death in Yemen for murder

He was India's first Muslim Chief Justice, went on to become acting President, was cremated not buried upon death due to

Who is Larry Fink? Man who manages more wealth than Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, his net worth is...

Shillong Teer Results TODAY December 31, 2024 Live Updates: Check lucky winning numbers

'Bring it on': Malaika Arora awaits to channel her 'Scorpio mood' in 2025 amid breakup with Arjun Kapoor; watch

Mohanlal REACTS to Barroz box office failure: 'Why should we...'

Sridevi was heartbroken after her breakup with Mithun Chakraborty, says Sujata Mehta: 'Unki shaadi bhi hui thi'

Baba Vanga and Nostradamus made chilling predictions for 2025: 'War in East, alien encounters and...'

Tejasswi Prakash trolled for showing her wound to paps as she gets spotted with Karan Kundrra: 'Ekdum nautanki baaz'

Quadrantid meteor shower 2025 to be visible in India, know where and when to watch

Delhi Weather Update: Cold wave intensifies in Delhi-NCR, temperature on New Year's Eve drops to...

New Year's Eve 2024: Google Doodle kicks off countdown to 2025 with animated clock, check here

Elvish Yadav asks Anjali Arora who she wants to marry, 'Kaccha Badam Girl' spills the beans

LATEST
WEBSTORY
TRENDING
Human Behaviour As the cornerstone to Future Proof Cyber Security Challenges
Shillong Teer Results TODAY January 1, 2025 Wednesday Live Updates: Check lucky
Exploring K Raheja realty's role in sustainable real estate development
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
ENTERTAINMENT
Malaika Arora is Scorpio, her ex-Arjun Kapoor is Cancer: Know what went wrong
From War 2 to Sitaare Zameen Par: 7 most anticipated Bollywood films of 2025
Bigg Boss 18 Top 10 contestants: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, & others
Home
Cricket

CRICKET

T20 World Cup: Two-time champs West Indies fail to qualify for Super 12 stage, Shimron Hetmyer memes go viral

Shimron Hetmyer was on the squad to play but lost his chance under bizarre circumstances when he missed the flight to Australia.

DNA Web Team

Updated : Oct 21, 2022, 04:48 PM IST

Only team to win the T20 World Cup twice, West Indies suffered an embarrassing knockout in the qualifying stage of the ongoing edition in Australia on Friday. West Indies were humbled by Ireland in the biggest upset of the tournament till now. 

The Caribbean team exited the World Cup after leaving key players out like Sunil Narine, Andre Russell and Shimron Hetmyer. While Narine and Russell were not selected, Hetmyer was on the squad to play but lost his chance under bizarre circumstances when he missed the flight to Australia. Consequently, the explosive batter was replaced in the T20 World Cup squad by Shamarh Brooks. 

TRENDING NOW
Meet Pulkit Kejriwal, son of Arvind Kejriwal, who cracked IIT-JEE, went to IIT-Delhi, is now pursuing...
Vedang Raina breaks silence on Jigra's dismal box office performance: 'When some people...'
Delhi Weather Update: Cold wave intensifies in Delhi-NCR, temperature on New Year's Eve drops to...
Bigg Boss 18: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, Vivian Dsena, Shilpa Shirodkar, Eisha Singh, and others in top 10
'Good to be back': After breaking up with Malaika Arora, Arjun Kapoor reunites with his 'partner-in-crime after ages'
Why Yemen awarded death sentence to Kerala nurse Nimisha Priya
'Naa shakal naa surat...': Veteran actor says Priyanka Chopra refused to kiss him, got upset when he...
Radhika Merchant's gold gown with mangalsutra bracelet is the perfect blend of tradition and modernity
Who is Larry Fink? Man who manages more wealth than Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, his net worth is...
Watch: Indonesian girls dance on 'Aaj ki raat' as local artist sings, video goes viral
'I'm overjoyed to share...': Sachin Tendulkar makes huge announcement about daughter Sara Tendulkar, two months after...
Amid divorce rumours with Aishwarya Rai, Abhishek Bachchan admits 'I am not worthy of being...'
Mohanlal REACTS to Barroz box office failure: 'Why should we...'

Check how Twitterati reacted with Shimron Hetmyer memes after West Indies’ stunning and early T20 World Cup exit:

 

 

#ShimronHetmyer #IREvsWI #T20WorldCup2022 #CricketLive #WestIndies pic.twitter.com/SHldicE1RD

 — yasserabidin (@yasserabidin) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer right now  #T20worldcup pic.twitter.com/cviAh9nxbH

 — shaby (@shabydaboss) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer at Guyana Airport pic.twitter.com/K8snn6S3U2

 — Shubh (@Vickster469) October 21, 2022

 

If they had arranged a Private Jet for Shimron Hetymer things could have been different for West Indies. pic.twitter.com/PfUJ2C516P

 — Vicky Shinde (@iamshinde83) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer:- pic.twitter.com/Z3DyR19cr2

 — KricketLober(@kricket_lober) October 21, 2022

 

#WIvsIRE #T20WorldCup     #IREvWI #T20WorldCup22

West Indies team comes out of Airport,

Shimron Hetmyer : pic.twitter.com/9wE2oQoxD5

 — g0v(@rishu_1809) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer at the airport: https://t.co/hsPuVj0BuU pic.twitter.com/3KZgKfEd2o

 — krishh (@maverickparotta) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer to @windiescricket:#WIvIRE #T20WorldCup pic.twitter.com/s8KIJMMEeS

 — Elliot Alderson. (@rovvmut_) October 21, 2022

 

#shimronhetmyer right now #T20worldcup22 #IREvsWI #wivsire pic.twitter.com/2wjaRDclXL

 — Mahatma Aandhi (@AandhiMahatma) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer waiting for windies team at the airport pic.twitter.com/1kNj1TwWSX

 — Piyush Sharma (@BeingAbnormal01) October 21, 2022

 

West Indies officially out of the world cup.

Shimron Hetmyer and Andre Russel be like :-#WIvsIRE #T20worldcup22 #T20WorldCup #T20WorldCup2022 #INDvsPAK pic.twitter.com/Qi5c0NEEQP

 — KL Rahul Fans #T20WorldCup #INDvsPAK (@itsPRB) October 21, 2022

 

West Indies out of T20 World Cup

Shimron Hetmyer:#WIvsIRE pic.twitter.com/bA3l1zXEMy

 — The Cricket Followers (@cricfollowers_1) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer who missed his flight and was dropped from West Indies squad before WC #IREvsWI #T20worldcup22 #T20WorldCup #T20WorldCup2022 #WestIndies #Ireland pic.twitter.com/LpbopKvCkf

 — CA Deepak Jasuja (@DeepakJasuja007) October 21, 2022

 

Shimron Hetmyer watching West Indies getting out of the T20 World Cup. pic.twitter.com/ILzDhxlfuC

 — 12th Khiladi (@12th_khiladi) October 21, 2022

 

Hetmyer watching West Indies performance be like #Windies #IREvsWI #Cricket pic.twitter.com/p63b63dtDi

 — Waseem Butt (@Waseem_Butt14) October 21, 2022

As West Indies bowed out early, it was Ireland’s 32-year-old T20 World Cup veteran opener Paul Stirling who did the job with an unbeaten 66 from 48 balls, taking his team comfortably home. Ireland have reached the second for the T20 World Cup only for the second time in seven outings. 

 

On the other hand, the most successful side in T20 World Cup history, the West Indies could win only one of their 3 group stage matches. Without stars like Hetmyer, Russell and Narine, the Nicholas Pooran-led side looked out of sorts. They had also suffered an embarrassing 42-run defeat against Scotland and only won against Zimbabwe, beating them by 31 runs.  

 

“It's tough, we haven't batted well in this tournament at all. On a good batting surface making 145 made it really difficult for the bowlers....We have disappointed our fans and ourselves. Definitely hurting,” skipper Pooran said after West Indies’ exit from the T20 World Cup.

 

READ | Watch: Virat Kohli fumes at fans as they yell 'out of stadium' while Team India's net session

Find your daily dose of All Latest News including Sports News, Entertainment News, Lifestyle News, explainers & more. Stay updated, Stay informed- Follow DNA on WhatsApp.
T20 World CupT20 World Cup 2022Shimron HetmyerWest Indieswest indies vs ireland
ADVERTISEMENT
VIDEO OF THE DAY

Lok Sabha Elections 2024: Anupamaa' Star Rupali Ganguly Joins BJP, Says 'Big Fan' Of PM Modi

Watch more
LIVE TV
ADVERTISEMENT
POPULAR STORIES
Sonakshi Sinha, Zaheer Iqbal 'jump off a plane': Watch
Last Black Moon of 2024 today: When, where and how to watch
Mukesh Ambani's Reliance spends Rs 111327 crore in five years on...
RBI announces new facility for RTGS, NEFT payments, customers can soon...
This is the 'poorest' CM of India, ruling state since 2011, holds assets worth j
MORE
MOST VIEWED
Malaika Arora is Scorpio, her ex-Arjun Kapoor is Cancer: Know what went wrong
From War 2 to Sitaare Zameen Par: 7 most anticipated Bollywood films of 2025
Bigg Boss 18 Top 10 contestants: Rajat Dalal, Karan Veer Mehra, & others
Anushka -Virat to Deepika-Ranveer, how compatible these celebs' relationship
From Kishkindha Kaandam to Maharaja, Aattam, 5 best Indian films of 2024
MORE
MOST WATCHED
Zhuhai Attack: China President Xi Jinping Urges All-Out Efforts To Treat Injured In Car Ramming Case
Israel-Hezbollah War: Hezbollah Fires Nearly 200 Rockets Targeting Haifa; IDF Intercepts Missiles
US Elections: Trump Begins Cabinet Expansion, Picks Mike Waltz As NSA ,Know Details
South Korean Actor Song Jae Rim Found Dead At The Age Of 39 In His Seoul Apartment
Israel-Hezbollah War: Israeli Woman Shares Chilling Close Call With Death Amid Israel-Hezbollah War
MORE
DNA ORIGNALS
DNA TV Show: Focus of Lok Sabha polls 2024 shifting from development to religion
DNA TV Show: Amit Shah's doctored video exposes 'deepfakes' a new threat
DNA TV Show: Analysis of child traffickers' modus operandi in Delhi
DNA Exclusive: Ugly 'Car-Nama' exposed! Showrooms charge extra for delivering ca
DNA Exclusive: India's first Twitter user on her 16-year Twitter journey
MORE

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dnaindia.com/cricket/report-t20-world-cup-2022-2-time-champions-west-indies-knocked-out-shimron-hetmyer-memes-go-viral-2994661 
 ----- 
