Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Manchester United
Ten Hag Sack: Dutchman Told 'his Time Is Over' As Man Utd Sack Talk Heightens With 'knifes Being Sharpened'
Manchester United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.manutd.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Ten Hag warned Man Utd sack looms with humbling ‘his time is over’ claim
James Marshment
02 Sep 2024 2:15 PM

Manchester United boss Erik ten Hag has been told that he is already fighting to spare himself from the sack after Sunday’s debacle at home to Liverpool and with an observer from his homeland suggesting “his time has passed” and that Sir Jim Ratcliffe’s judgement to extend his stay was a “big mistake”.

The Dutchman has spent the last 11 months of his reign in the firing line with his second season at the helm not going to plan and with Manchester United having humiliated themselves in the Champions League, finishing bottom, before going to only manage an eighth-placed finish in the Premier League – their lowest ever since the competition began. And with speculation mounting that the axe was about to fall, an unexpected victory in the FA Cup final against Manchester City earned Ten Hag salvation and, ultimately, an unexpected contract extension.

United’s minority shareholder Ratcliffe, though, certainly took his sweet time to deliver his verdict and extend the 54-year-old’s deal by a further 12 months and through until the summer of 2026.

READ MORE ➡️ Carragher names when Man Utd will sack Ten Hag as Dutchman admits three big ‘mistakes’

Ultimately, that cup success  – the second piece of silverware he has delivered at Old Trafford since taking charge, pitching him alongside Jose Mourinho as the club’s most-successful manager since Sir Alex Ferguson retired – ultimately earned him a reprieve.

And while the fanbase were largely behind the decision, together with the fact that Ten Hag was allowed to spend another £200m this summer on five new players, there is already a feeling of deja vu in the way the current season is planning out.

Indeed, a somewhat fortuitous victory over Fulham on the opening weekend was followed up with a late, yet extremely naive, defeat at Brighton on matchday two.

Ten Hag sack: Man Utd boss scolded by Dutch journalist

However, it was Sunday’s crushing home 3-0 defeat to Liverpool that really rubbed salt into the wounds and illustrated that United were falling into the same traps as last season and appeared incapable of matching their opponents in key areas, nor on a tactical level.

The win came courtesy of a Mo Salah masterclass, with the Egyptian scoring one and making two and forcing even Roy Keane into a somewhat awkward confession.

After the game, Ten Hag did his best to explain United’s shortcomings and with the Dutchman coming in for some tough questioning from sections of the gathered media.

Ad

Nonetheless, there is a feeling among one observer in his homeland that Ten Hag is already on borrowed time and that it is a question of when, not if, the axe is to fall on the beleaguered former Ajax boss.

DON’T MISS ➡️ Man Utd told which player can save their season after Arne Slot reveals blueprint for beating Ten Hag

Ad

And journalist Valentijn Driessen, writing in his column for De Telegraaf, has boldly claimed that Ten Hag may soon be facing the sack, amid his comments that “his time at United is over”.

“Although despite discussions with other candidates, the club ultimately expressed its confidence in Ten Hag. How long this confidence will last remains to be seen,” Driessen questioned.

“Something like that can happen, but the way in which Liverpool, who were not even playing at their best, played Ten Hag’s team into a pathetic pile, rubbed extra salt in the wound. It could easily have been 7-1 or 8-2. The Brazilian Casemiro was the target, but it is Ten Hag who sets him up and continues to choose him. Although this time he intervened during half-time.

“Ten Hag faces the same ordeal as Casemiro. The English media have sharpened their knives, and this also applies to the army of analysts with many former English stars, and former top United players such as Roy Keane. Ten Hag previously banned journalists who criticised him and his players or stopped speaking to them.”

Suggestion that Ratcliffe realises his mistake

United opted to stand by Ten Hag, offering him that contract extension, despite holding talks with both Thomas Tuchel and Mauricio Pochettino.

Of the pair, their interest in landing Tuchel was the strongest after Ratcliffe held a lengthy meeting with him in Monaco to discuss his vision for taking United forward.

However, it was ultimately decided that the former Bayern, PSG and Chelsea boss would not be able to make a sizeable difference, while the fanbase had a strong sense of wanting to stick with Ten Hag amid a feeling that many of the struggles at the club were not of his making, and that few managers in the game could have fared better than the Dutchman.

Driessen, though, feels Ten Hag does himself no favours with the comments he makes in the media, while he has also questioned the rationale of Ratcliffe for extending his career by a further 12 months.

“Ten Hag gives everyone ammunition to fire,” he said of the under-fire United boss, who nonetheless still boasts a 56.78% win percentage since joining United.

“According to the club management, Ten Hag was the best trainer for United. The new co-owner Sir Jim Ratcliffe has stepped in with big plans, but his judgment regarding Ten Hag is a mistake. His time has passed.”

IN DEPTH ➡️ How Man Utd boss Ten Hag compares to Klopp, Arteta after two seasons after avoiding sack

Ad
Question 1
In what month was Ten Hag announced as Man Utd manager?
use 
hint
April 2022
May 2022
June 2022
July 2022

Manchester United
Erik ten Hag
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
James Holland
08 Dec 2024
Dan Ashworth ‘frozen out’ at Man Utd after Ten Hag blunder as two Prem rivals consider approaches

More light has been shed on Dan Ashworth's shock Man Utd exit, with sacked manager Erik ten Hag involved

Manchester United
Erik ten Hag
Steve Pearson
08 Dec 2024
Gary Neville slams Amorim for repeating Ten Hag mistake after Man Utd become a ‘mess’

Gary Neville and former Man Utd goalkeeper Tim Howard both criticised Ruben Amorim for repeating a mistake made by Erik ten Hag in his final days at Old Trafford

Manchester United
Gary Neville
Rob McCarthy
03 Dec 2024
Next Ten Hag job emerges as top Bundesliga outfit considers change to save their season

The 54-year-old was sacked as United boss back in October but could be back in the dugout with a Bundesliga side if they deecide to sack their current coach

Erik ten Hag
Rob McCarthy
28 Nov 2024
Man Utd reveal true cost of sacking Ten Hag, hiring Amorim as fans also rage at mid-season ticket price hike

United have revealed the total cost of the recent managerial change at Old Trafford, while fans' groups are unhappy at the club's decision to raise Old Trafford ticket prices

Manchester United
Erik ten Hag
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
21 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
5 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
22 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
5 hours ago
1
Manchester United
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
8 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/ten-hag-told-his-time-is-over-man-utd-sack-looms-knifes-being-sharpened-claims 
 ----- 
