Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
Arsenal
Arsenal News: Full Extent Of Mikel Merino Injury Emerges And When New Boy Could Return
Arsenal

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.arsenal.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Full extent of Mikel Merino injury emerges and when Arsenal new boy could return
Rob McCarthy
02 Sep 2024 5:16 PM

Arsenal new boy Mikel Merino (pic from AFC)

The full extent of Arsenal new boy Mikel Merino’s shoulder injury has emerged after the Spaniard’s disastrous start to life at The Emirates.

The Gunners completed the signing of Merino in a £31.6million deal from Real Sociedad in the final week of the summer transfer window.

Why Lewis-Skelly is shining for Arsenal
Merson: Arsenal need to break the bank...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
The Verdict: Arsenal 'not feeling the...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
What is your team's manager looking for...
Maresca reveals Fofana could miss rest...
'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
Debates, wind-ups, zorb footie! | Carra...
Ange: Spurs 'working hard' to make...
<
>

However, the Spain international was unable to make his debut in the 1-1 draw with Brighton on Saturday after he suffered a fractured shoulder during a collision with Gabriel Magalhaes in his first training session with the club.

QUIZ: Can you name every signing by the Premier League’s ‘big six’ this summer?

Speaking about Merino’s injury setback last week, Mikel Arteta said: “It’s very unfortunate. Yesterday (Thursday) he had a collision and he’s got a shoulder injury and it looks like he’ll be out for a few weeks.

“It was in his first session with us. It’s really bad luck, we were all excited, everything was looking good.

“He landed on the floor, Gabriel fell on top of him and it looks like he has a small fracture.

Ad

“He was in so much pain, we have to see. He’ll do more tests which will have more conclusive answers.”

Well, according to the Daily Mail, those answers have now come back and Merino will be on the sidelines until mid-October.

Merino missing trio of huge games

That would mean the Spain international’s potential debut for Arsenal could come in the Premier League clash with Bournemouth on October 20, or their Champions League tie against Shakhtar Donetsk on October 22.

As it stands, Merino will miss seven more games for Arsenal, including the north London derby against Tottenham on September 15, the Premier League clash away to Manchester City on September 22 and the Champions League tie at home to Paris Saint-Germain on October 1.

It’s an incredibly frustrating start to life for Merino at his new club, although the 28-year-old was spotted in the stands with his right arm in a sling for the clash against the Seagulls.

Ad

He now faces a wait until after the next international break in the middle of October to finally pull on the famous red jersey.

READ MORE – Arsenal stance on future Trossard sale made clear after rejecting offer, as Al-Ittihad bid for Brazilian alternative

Who was the best signing Arsenal made under Edu?
Gabriel
Odegaard
Rice
Saliba

Arsenal
Mikel Merino
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
James Marshment
8 hours ago
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal

The Gunners have been told how to secure a deal for one of the Premier League's best - while a second pundit has questioned the qualities of one of Arteta's most recent signings

Arsenal
Mikel Arteta
Steve Pearson
30 Aug 2024
Arsenal announce lucrative sale and replacement signing nears, but new star suffers ‘fracture’ injury

Arsenal have confirmed Aaron Ramsdale has joined Southampton in a lucrative sale and one of two goalkeepers will take his place at the Emirates, while Mikel Merino has unfortunately suffered a cruel early injury blow

Arsenal
Aaron Ramsdale
Rob McCarthy
27 Aug 2024
Details revealed as Arsenal complete shrewd £31.2m deal for destructive midfield enforcer

The 28-year-old midfielder could be a key addition to Arteta's first team as Arsenal look to end Manchester City's strangehold on the Premier League title after running them close the last two years

Arsenal
Real Sociedad
Richie Mills
23 Aug 2024
Arsenal give green light to dream summer window deal as £33m transfer inches ever closer

Arsenal have signed Riccardo Calafiori and David Raya so far this summer, but more players have exited the club. Now, one is set to arrive and another is coming through the door

Arsenal
Fabio Vieira
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
21 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
22 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Barcelona weigh up blockbuster Chelsea raid as plan B if Dani Olmo registration fails
01 Jan 2025
Chelsea
Pundits
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
8 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/arsenal/full-extent-mikel-merino-injury-emerges-and-when-arsenal-new-boy-could-return 
 ----- 
