EASYODDS
Slovenia vs Austria Betting Odds, Tips, Predictions, Preview 6th September 2024

by Bob Maplewood at 3:31am on Wed 4th September 2024  (last updated 10:31am 06/09/2024)

Slovenia take on Austria at Stozice Stadium, Ljubljana, where an exciting match should be on the cards this coming Friday. It is one of the matches in round one of the group phase of the UEFA Nations League this season. The last time Slovenia faced off against Austria, Austria claimed a 1-0 win at Stozice Stadium, Ljubljana.

Slovenia head to their upcoming match as number 52 in the FIFA world ranking. Meanwhile, there is a pretty big gap to upcoming opponents Austria. They enter the game ranked number 22 in the world.

It has the look of a very equal affair, when Slovenia welcome Austria this coming Friday. Securing three points in such a tough encounter could lay the groundworks for reaching the next stage, but it is a tough one to call.

Slovenia go into their next UEFA Nations League match, scoring a humble average of one per game in their last six matches. They scored a mundane six times, while conceding ten. That amounts to an average of 1.7 per game, where they kept their opponents from scoring one times.

Austria are slightly favoured for the win with the bookies, as they welcome Slovenia UEFA Nations League. At Stozice Stadium, Ljubljana they'll want to impose themselves, but in front of their own crowd the home side will be eager not to drop points.

Austria managed a bearable 12 goals from their past ten games, creating an average of 1.2 goals per game. They conceded eight goals in total, and while claiming four clean sheets, they conceded 0.8 goals an average per game.

Slovenia vs Austria Prediction
Slovenia Form

In their previous three matches, Slovenia first drew 1-1 against Serbia, then 0-0 against England before also finishing even in a 0-0 draw against Portugal. Slovenia only managed one meagre win from a possible six internationals. They also drew four and lost one of these six encounters, in which they scored five and conceded seven goals.

Austria Form

Despite losing their latest outing, results have generally been decent in the last three matches for Austria. They first took out Poland by 1-3 before downing Netherlands by 2-3. The winning streak came to an end against Turkey, who ran out 1-2 winners. Austria managed a decent return of three wins in their last six internationals, in which they scored ten while also conceding eight times. They also experienced one draw and two defeats.

Slovenia have experienced several draws in recent matches, which makes the stalemate look like a tasty bet this coming Friday against Austria at Stozice Stadium, Ljubljana.

Slovenia are on a fantastic streak of no less than 13 matches at Stozice Stadium, Ljubljana in a row without defeat.

Austria have hit a nice vein of form away from home with 9 matches now without losing.

Top Offers
Up to $25 back as a FREE Sports Bet

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

The “Bet without Risk” Bonus applies exclusively to new players who open a player account at Stake and place the first bet on Sportsbook between $5 and $25. The KYC level2 MUST be verified. Place your first Sports bet and get your money back if your bet is considered “Lost”. The Bonus will be credited within 72 hours after the end of the event and in case your bet is considered lost. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
200% welcome bonus on your first Casino deposit

VIP program. Immediate money withdrawal. Vault feature which makes it easier to control spending.

Bonus only available once to new customers. Min deposit value = $100. Max deposit value = $1000. The 200% bonus will be credited within 24-48 hours of depositing and reviewing the account. The wager attached to the bonus is 40x (deposit + bonus). Bonus can be used across all Sportsbook and Casino games. T&Cs apply. Gamble Responsibly. GamblingCare.ie. #ad

PLAY
Slovenia vs Austria Stats
Slovenia have not lost 24 of the last 26 home matches
Slovenia have scored in the last 13 home matches in a row
In 16 of the last 18 Slovenia home matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
In 12 of the last 13 Slovenia matches the sum of goals was under 3.5
Slovenia have not lost 14 of the last 16 matches
Austria have scored in 20 of the last 21 matches
Austria have won the last 4 away matches in a row in the UEFA Nations League B while scoring less than 2.5 goals
Austria have not lost the last 9 away matches in a row
In 6 of the last 7 matches Austria played, both teams scored
In 9 of the last 10 Austria matches in the UEFA Nations League B, the sum of goals was under 3.5
Slovenia vs Austria Team News
Slovenia vs Austria H2H

Slovenia face off against Austria for the first time in a while, with Austria claiming a 1-0 win at Stozice Stadium, Ljubljana back then. Slovenia enter the match against Austria with a 0-0-3 record in their previous three encounters. A win rate of 0%, which is perhaps worth keeping in mind before you make a choice for your next accumulator, depending on your betting strategy.

Slovenia vs Austria Results
Slovenia vs Austria Betting Tips

Having scored just once lately for his country, Josip Ilicic will be eager to hit the target again, and the upcoming game presents an opportunity to step up. Austria hope Christoph Baumgartner can inflict some damage on their upcoming opponents by adding to his tally of three goals in his last six international matches.

Slovenia won six of their last 10 matches on home soil, while drawing four in a run that saw them avoid defeat in front of their home supporters. Austria won seven of their last 10 away games across all tournaments, whilst also drawing two and losing one. Goals are flowing freely for Slovenia on home soil currently, as both teams scored in seven of their last 10 matches here. Both teams were also on target five times in Austria''s last 10 league games away from home.

Slovenia saw over 2.5 goals in three of their last ten matches across all tournaments, as they scored an average of 1.2 goals during this run. Over 2.5 goals happened in five of the last ten outings for Austria, who managed to score 2.2 times in those matches.

Tips
Draw
We are opting for a draw, as Slovenia have settled for a point after 90 minutes in several recent matches. Austria could be satisfied with taking a point back home.
Home
Betting
Free Bets
Betting Guides
Promo Codes
Bookmaker Reviews
About Us
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Responsible Gambling
GamCare
GamStop
Twitter
Facebook
Youtube
Telegram
© copyright Easyodds.com Limited 2024. All Rights Reserved. You must be 18 years or older to use this site.
Privacy policy
We use cookies

We may place these for analysis of our visitor data, to improve our website, show personalised content and to give you a great website experience. For more information about the cookies we use open the settings.

Accept all
Deny
No, adjust
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://easyodds.com/slovenia-vs-austria-betting-odds-tips-predictions-preview-6th-september-2024 
 ----- 
