HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE

⁠Slovenia vs Austria Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Published at :
September 5, 2024 at 5:30 AM
Modified at :
September 5, 2024 at 5:30 AM

Novojyoti Bhattacharjee

0
0
These two teams captivated fans with their performances in the Euros.

Slovenia are coming into the UEFA Nations League 2024-25 on the back of an excellent performance at Euro 2024 where they qualified to the knockout stages for the first time in their history. They put on an impressive display against Portugal in the Round of 16 but ultimately lost on penalties after the initial score finished goalless. Matjaz Kek will be hoping his side can pull off another similar story against the likes of Austria, Norway, and Kazakhstan in the UEFA Nations League B. 

Austria were one of the surprise packages in the Euro 2024 after topping the Group D charts consisting of teams like France, Netherlands, and Poland. Their aggressive style of play under Ralf Rangnick has been a treat to watch as they do not allow their opponents to find their rhythm in matches due to their constant pressing off the ball. Austria remains the favourite in this group to progress to the next rounds. They are set to face Slovenia and Norway in this September’s Nations League fixtures. 

Kick-Off:

Friday, 6 September 2024 at 7:45 PM UK

Saturday, 7 September 2024 at 12:15 AM IST

Location: Stadion Stozice

Form:

⁠Slovenia (in all competitions): D-D-D-D-D

Austria (in all competitions): D-L-W-W-L

Players to Watch
Benjamin Sesko (⁠Slovenia)

Benjamin Sesko has emerged as one of the most exciting young forwards in the world right now after bursting into the scene at RB Leipzig. Last season was a breakthrough campaign for him having scored 18 goals in all competitions while also providing another two assists. Sesko is a tall physical striker who brings pace, agility, and clinical finishing to the team as he can be a nightmare to defend in aerial challenges. 

Marcel Sabitzer (Austria)

Marcel Sabitzer remains the most crucial player in the team whose versatility has given Ralf Rangnick to use him in several positions. The Dortmund man brings tenacious industry into this Austrian side as he leads by example by closing down opponents with constant pressing and also helps the team in transition. Sabitzer also plays the role efficiently upfront by creating chances for the team as well as chipping in with some important goals. 

Match Facts
Slovenia are unbeaten in their last 13 home matches
Austria are unbeaten in their last nine away games
Austria have won their previous three matches against Slovenia
⁠Slovenia vs Austria: Betting tips and odds
Tip 1: Both teams to score
Tip 2: Austria to win this game
Tip 3: Match to end with goals under 3.5
Injury & Team News

Slovenia have a fully fit squad to choose from after assembling a good squad consisting of young talents like Benjamin Sesko and experienced players like Andraz Sporar and Jan Oblak. 

Meanwhile, Austria have a major doubt in the form of Florian Grillitsch who is recovering from a muscle injury. Ralf Rangnick will also be unable to call upon David Alaba who is still sidelined due to injury. 

Head to Head

Total Matches – 3

⁠Slovenia – 0

Austria – 3

Draws – 0

Predicted Lineup
⁠Slovenia predicted lineup (4-4-2):

Oblak (GK); Karnicnik; Drkusic, Bijol, Balkovec; Stojanovic, Lovric, Elsnik, Mlakar; Sporar, Sesko

Austria predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Pentz (GK); Posch, Danso, Lienhart, Mwene; Seiwald, Laimer; Schmid, Baumgartner, Sabitzer; Arnautovic

Match Prediction for ⁠Slovenia vs Austria

Two of the surprise packages of UEFA Euro 2024 take on each other, which could be the decider for the top spot in the group. These two boast a strong defensive setup and don’t shy away from taking on opponents when needed. However, we expect Austria to come victorious from this match as they have the quality in their rank to pull a surprise win here. 

Prediction: ⁠Slovenia 1-2 Austria

Telecast for ⁠Slovenia vs Austria

India –  Sony Sports Network, SonyLiv

UK – ITVX, Premier Sports

US –  ESPN+, FOX

Nigeria – DStv Now

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Juventus vs Fiorentina Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
West Ham vs Liverpool Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Tottenham vs Wolves Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Leicester City vs Manchester City Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Santosh Trophy 2024: Kerala & Services qualify for semi-finals
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Clic

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-slovenia-vs-austria-uefa-nations-league-match-preview-202409 
 ----- 
