Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
How these Cardinals went from teammates to housemates
Share
How these Cardinals went from teammates to housemates
September 11th, 2023

John Denton

@JohnDenton555
Share

0:00

0:18

This story was excerpted from John Denton’s Cardinals Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

Their wives and children in South Florida and Kansas City with school back in session, Cardinals pitchers Miles Mikolas and Dakota Hudson often like to unwind after games by sitting around a backyard bonfire and talking about curveball grips or who had the longest poke at the most recent trip to the driving range.

The only difference now, however, is that Hudson doesn’t have to leave Mikolas’ house in suburban St. Louis and head to his own home. Instead, he just treks down to the basement where he is currently living, rent-free, for the rest of this baseball season thanks to a helping hand from his good friend and fellow pitcher.

A Cardinal since 2018, Hudson failed to make the club’s Opening Day roster and started this season with Triple-A Memphis. He made the most of his July 5 promotion to the big leagues, and was able to stick around the Cardinals by morphing into one of the team's most consistently effective starting pitchers late this season. Hudson, tonight’s starter in Baltimore when the Cardinals face the Orioles, did all that while living in a hotel -- something that didn’t sit right with Mikolas, who quickly extended the invitation to Hudson to move into his fully furnished basement.

“We both have a couple kids, and our kids play together, and when his wife was in St. Louis, we had hung out and saw them a few times,” Mikolas recalled. “Both our families were starting school and going back home. When I asked if he was in the hotel or had gotten an apartment, I told him to just come live in my basement. I’ve got a fully done basement, with a bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, sink -- the whole deal. I said, ‘Come hang out so we don't have to be alone.’ So, we’re helping each other out by not being alone.”

Related
Cards agree with Helsley, 2 others on '25 contracts, add waiver claim

January 9th, 2025

A salute to Goldschmidt, the model Cardinal

January 6th, 2025

A 12-hour plane ride and a dream for pitchers reviving careers in Asia

December 6th, 2024

These Cardinals stars could be on the move

November 4th, 2024

Hudson and Lambert limit Brewers, but bats quiet throughout

July 4th, 2024

Two early mistakes cost Rockies game despite Hudson's strong start

June 11th, 2024

During the 2022 season, Hudson had a house in St. Louis, but lived in a Memphis hotel during a brief stint in Triple-A. This season, he had a house in Memphis, but lived in a hotel upon being recalled to the Cardinals. Now, Mikolas has lessened the burden of living in a hotel on Hudson while also being away from his wife and four children.

“We’re a little bit more grown up now [than resembling college roommates] because we’ve got kids. We’re just dads with kids now,” said Hudson, who is 6-1 this season with the Cardinals. “We’ll talk some baseball here and there, but mostly it’s just a good time to kick back with a good friend and get that mental reset away from the ball field.”

What Hudson likes most, he said, are the fireside chats with Mikolas after games when the topics could be about just anything imaginable. It certainly beats being alone in a hotel, he said. They also ride to and from Busch Stadium together and use the time to pump one another up when it’s their turn to start.

“We could be talking pitching mechanics one minute and the next it’s a favorite breakfast that the kids like to eat,” said Mikolas. “The next thing you know, it’s, ‘How's school going for your kids?’ I think Dak’s son just started soccer and mine just started T-ball, so we’re sharing stories. He's got three kids and I've got four all similar ages. We’re just sharing war stories and it's awesome.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“When you're having a tough season, sometimes the last thing you want to do is sit around and think and be alone. So, it's nice to have someone there to talk about non-baseball stuff.”

Hudson thinks one of the reasons he’s had such a good return run with the Cardinals late this season -- he’s 5-1 as a starter -- is because of the hospitality shown to him by Mikolas.

“Him letting me stay at the house has helped me feel more at ease, for sure,” he said. “Hopefully it’s doing the same thing for him as well with his family not being there. Over the past couple of years, I’ve been going to Miles’ house for Thanksgiving and some other holidays. So, this time, I think he’s doing more than just extending a friendly hand; I feel like he’s actually putting me in the family now.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals
Miles Mikolas
Dakota Hudson

Senior Reporter John Denton covers the Cardinals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/cardinals-miles-mikolas-dakota-hudson-on-living-together 
 ----- 
