Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
What you need to know about PCA's debut
Share
What you need to know about PCA's debut
September 11th, 2023

Jordan Bastian

@MLBastian
Share

0:00

0:47

DENVER -- Cubs fans have been hoping to see top prospect Pete Crow-Armstrong play a part in the team’s push for the postseason. That day has arrived, with the North Siders’ decision to promote the highly touted center fielder from Triple-A Iowa.

Here is an FAQ-style breakdown of PCA’s much-anticipated arrival.

How can you watch the games?

With Crow-Armstrong set to arrive in Denver on Monday, expect his debut to come during the three-game road series against the Rockies. Colorado hosts the Cubs at 7:40 p.m. CT on Monday and Tuesday, followed by a 2:10 p.m. CT tilt on Wednesday. All three games will be televised on MLB.TV and Marquee Sports Network, and broadcast on the radio at 670 The Score.

What position will Crow-Armstrong play?

PCA is an elite center fielder, so expect to see him get action up the middle. MLB Pipeline gives him an 80 grade for defense, given his plus speed and tremendous instincts in the field. Last season, Crow-Armstrong picked up a Minor League Gold Glove Award for his work in center.

Why is this happening now?

The Cubs did not make Crow-Armstrong a Sept. 1 callup, because Cody Bellinger and Mike Tauchman have formed a solid combination in center field. There were no regular at-bats to offer PCA, so having him continue to play at Triple-A made more sense. And in his last 10 games with Iowa, the 21-year-old outfielder hit .311 (.859 OPS), including a 7-for-10 showing in his last two games.

Cubs' Crow-Armstrong hits ANOTHER grand slam at Triple-A

With only a couple weeks left in September, this gives the Cubs a chance to see if Crow-Armstrong is ready to use his speed, defense and offensive pop to make an impact as a role player. First baseman Jeimer Candelario also exited Sunday’s game early due to a back issue, so Bellinger could be seeing more innings at first to give Candelario a window to rest and recover.

Related
10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

The free-agent target, breakout and more that could define Cubs' 2025

January 2nd, 2025

15 standout Statcast plays from a memorable 2024 season

December 29th, 2024

Cubs to sign RHP Rea to bolster pitching depth (source)

January 11th, 2025

Cubs add reliever Festa in trade with Rangers

January 9th, 2025

Cubs, Tucker swap salary arbitration figures

January 10th, 2025

Cubs manager David Ross also noted the spacious dimensions of the Coors Field outfield, so having Crow-Armstrong’s defense could help the run prevention during the series in Denver.

How highly is Crow-Armstrong rated?

According to MLB Pipeline, Crow-Armstrong is the Cubs’ No. 1 prospect and the No. 12 prospect in all of baseball.

Will Crow-Armstrong play every day?

Bellinger is having an MVP-caliber campaign, so he is the Cubs’ No. 1 center fielder without question. Behind him, Tauchman has been one of the unsung heroes of Chicago’s season, stepping in as a part-time leadoff hitter and center fielder. Tauchman tends to play center on days Bellinger moves to first base.

With a full and healthy roster, Ross would have to pick spots for using Crow-Armstrong over Tauchman in center. If Bellinger is playing first base more than center for a stretch, that would potentially open more opportunities for PCA to get into the lineup. Otherwise, he has tools to make an impact off the bench.

Ross did say prior to Monday’s game that Crow-Armstrong would have some starts “mixed in” for the Cubs.

How did the Cubs acquire PCA?

The Mets used the 19th overall pick in the 2020 Draft to select Crow-Armstrong out of Los Angeles’ Harvard-Westlake High School, an amateur baseball factory. At the Trade Deadline in ‘21, when Chicago was starting an aggressive two-year rebuild project, the Cubs acquired PCA from New York in exchange for shortstop Javier Báez and righty Trevor Williams.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

How has Crow-Armstrong done this season?

PCA has played 107 games between Double-A Tennessee and Triple-A Iowa this year, hitting .283/.365/.511 with 20 homers, 26 doubles, seven triples, 82 RBIs and 98 runs. He has 37 steals in 47 attempts, along with 129 strikeouts and 46 walks in 500 plate appearances. In 34 games with Iowa, Crow-Armstrong hit .271/.350/.479 with 10 steals, 15 extra-base hits, 15 walks, 22 RBIs, 30 runs and 38 hits.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Pete Crow-Armstrong
Chicago Cubs

Senior Reporter Jordan Bastian covers the Cubs for MLB.com. He previously covered Cleveland from 2011-18 and Toronto from 2005-10. Subscribe to his Cubs Beat newsletter.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/pete-crow-armstrong-mlb-debut-faq 
 ----- 
