NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
In-depth features and exclusive intel from the best newsroom in sports.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
All aboard! Pistons take subway to Barclays Center, beat Nets in ‘identity game’
By Hunter Patterson
Nov 4, 2024

32

Like some New Yorkers, the Detroit Pistons took the subway to work on Sunday morning.

With most streets, avenues and bridges closed due to the New York City Marathon, the Pistons had to find an alternate way to get to Barclays Center for their afternoon game against the Brooklyn Nets.

And if the Pistons continue to perform as they did in the second half, they might need to reconsider travel plans to future games. Detroit’s defense allowed just 35 points on 13-of-35 shooting and 2-of-15 shooting from 3-point range by the Nets. The Pistons entered Sunday allowing 53 second-half points per game.

NYC Marathon took us on a detour… pic.twitter.com/gjqNZv0j8p

— Detroit Pistons (@DetroitPistons) November 3, 2024

“I thought the guys, just from a grit standpoint, how hard they played and then how they shared the ball tonight, it was unbelievable,” Detroit coach J.B. Bickerstaff told the media during his postgame news conference. “I think tonight we played an identity game, and it was big for us.”

In the 106-92 win, the Pistons (2-5) finished with 25 assists on 37 made baskets. Four players had at least four assists and eight players dished out an assist.

At halftime, Detroit trailed 57-52 as Brooklyn shot 19 of 36 from the field and 7 of 16 from 3-point distance.

Cam Johnson was in a rhythm, posting 22 points on 7-of-10 shooting and 3 of 6 from long range in 16 minutes. But Johnson, who finished with 26 points, made just two shots and missed his six 3-point attempts in the second half.

Detroit guard Cade Cunningham was the primary defender on Johnson with Malik Beasley and Jaden Ivey providing help when Cunningham was on the bench.

Cam Thomas, who averages 28.2 points per contest, was the only other Brooklyn player to finish in double figures — scoring 17 points.

The Pistons managed six double-figure scorers for the first time since opening night. Cunningham posted a team-high 19 points, six rebounds and five assists. Tobias Harris and Beasley added 18 apiece. Ivey chipped in 15 points, Tim Hardaway Jr. had 14 and Jalen Duren had a 13-point, 17-rebound double-double with three blocks. Of each of these contributors, Beasley notched a game-high plus-18.

“We need to be known as a grit team,” Beasley said. “The Bad Boys, that whole thing. We did that tonight and got some steals and it was physical, so it was good.”

While Detroit is honing its grit, turnovers are plaguing the team. The Pistons had 11 giveaways in the first half and 17 total.

With a mix of young players and veterans, there will be ups and downs. The Pistons have shown flashes of promise and now sustaining that for a full game and long season will be the goal.

	Cade Cunningham and Jaden Ivey helped lead the Pistons to their second win Sunday. (Michael Reaves / Getty Images)

Cunningham and Ivey are both on pace for career bests in points, field-goal percentage and 3-point percentage.

But will it lead to more wins? Up next are the Los Angeles Lakers at Little Caesars Arena on Monday night.

“This whole group is a great group of character guys that come to play,” Harris. “We know when we’re at our game and we know how good we can be. We’ve just got to be consistent night in and night out. I thought this afternoon was a good start to that.”

(Top photo of Cade Cunningham: Wendell Cruz / Imagn Images)

Hunter Patterson is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the Detroit Pistons. Before joining the NBA staff, Hunter was an editor on The Athletic's news desk and provided occasional Sacramento Kings coverage. Prior The Athletic, he worked for the NBA as a broadcasting assistant. Hunter graduated from Loyola Marymount University and earned his master's degree in Specialized Journalism at the University of Southern California.

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5897100/2024/11/04/pistons-nets-subway-nyc-marathon/ 
 ----- 
