Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 Soccer
News
Scores/Schedule
Premier League
MLS
NWSL
Concacaf
Champions League
Liga MX Apertura
Liga MX Clausura
Bundesliga
Serie A
LALIGA
Ligue 1
The Cooligans
World Cup
…
Burnes agrees to $210M contract with D-backs
Browns restructure Watson's contract again
Greg Gumbel dies at 78
Report: Kings fire coach Mike Brown
Bowl schedule and results
USMNT vs. Uruguay: A decisive Copa América game full of mystery and 'many variables'
Henry Bushnell
Senior reporter
Mon, Jul 1, 2024·8 min read
59

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — U.S. men’s national team coach Gregg Berhalter is a planner. In months between USMNT games, when his job is less pressurized and hands-on, his methodical brain obsesses over details and possibilities. He spent long summer days before the 2022 World Cup analyzing group-stage opponents. He likely spent chunks of this spring mapping out 2024 Copa América gameplans.

But he couldn’t have prepared for this, a decisive Group C game with messy scenarios, a suspended star and an injured goalkeeper, plus an opponent whose influential coach will be missing and whose motivations are unclear.

The USMNT will meet Uruguay here on Monday (9 p.m. ET, FS1/Univision) at Arrowhead Stadium in a match full of mystery. And it probably — maybe, but not definitely — must win to reach the Copa América knockout rounds and avoid unvarnished failure.

Christian Pulisic (L) and the USMNT face Uruguay on Monday in Kansas City at Arrowhead Stadium. (Photo by Aric Becker / AFP)
USMNT’s Copa América scenarios in Group C

In a simultaneous group-stage finale, Panama will play Bolivia in Orlando. The simplified version of several dizzying scenarios is that the U.S. must equal Panama’s result.

After Thursday’s self-destructive 2-1 loss to Los Canaleros, the U.S. and Panama are level on three points entering Group C’s third and final matchday.

Uruguay is on six points, with a plus-7 goal differential, and will top the group unless it loses to the U.S. by four goals.

In second place — the most significant place — the U.S. (+1) leads Panama (-1) on goal differential; so the U.S. will advance if both draw or both win by the same margin.

If Panama begins pumping goals, though, permutations get complicated. The second tiebreaker is goals scored throughout the group stage — and there, with each team on three goals, Panama has an advantage. A 3-0 Panama win and a 1-0 U.S. win would send Panama through to the quarterfinals and the U.S. out.

An easier way to process those permutations is from the Panamanian perspective: They must better the U.S. result; and if both win, their margin of victory must be at least two better than the U.S. margin.

Uruguay firing on all cylinders

The superficial view, then, is that the U.S. is sitting somewhat pretty. The problem is, well, everything else.

Panama very well could pound Bolivia, which shipped five goals to Uruguay and is pretty clearly the worst team in Group C.

Uruguay, on the other hand, is humming. Marcelo Bielsa, a revered Argentine manager, has rebooted La Celeste and transformed them into arguably the 2024 Copa América’s most impressive team. They are talented, coordinated and aggressive. They press man-to-man, relentlessly, high up the field, and blitz opponents immediately after winning the ball.

Uruguay's Maximiliano Araujo, left, celebrates with teammates after scoring his side's third goal against Bolivia during a Copa America Group C soccer match in East Rutherford, N.J., Thursday, June 27, 2024. (AP Photo/Julia Nikhinson)
More

“We know that they're gonna be extremely high-intensity, really forward-thinking,” U.S. defender Antonee Robinson, who played against Bielsa’s Leeds United in the English Premier League, said Saturday.

"How they maintain the intensity throughout the game is different level," Berhalter added Sunday.

“They play quite a high-risk, high-reward game,” Robinson noted, sometimes leaving space that vertical forwards can exploit.

But the USMNT’s most vertical forward, Tim Weah, won’t be available.

Berhalter’s options after Weah’s suspension

Weah has been suspended two games for his costly red card against Panama; and the USMNT has been scrambling to adjust in his absence.

They had only three days to concoct a Plan B, and to figure out how to replace a player whose skill set has no parallel in the current player pool.

Weah, when healthy, has started every A-team U.S. game over the past two-plus years; he is a fixture on the right wing, because his on- and off-ball directness add dimensions to the U.S. attack, dimensions that it otherwise lacks.

So, how will Berhalter reconfigure the USMNT without Weah?

Option No. 1: The closest thing to a like-for-like replacement would probably be Haji Wright, a forward who often played centrally in the past, but now plays wide for the U.S. and for his English club, Coventry City.

Wright is more comfortable and effective on the left wing; Christian Pulisic could shift to the right, where he spent most of this past season for AC Milan in Italy. Such a shift, though, would require other adjustments further down the field.

Option No. 2 would be to play Gio Reyna wide, and bring Yunus Musah into Reyna’s midfield place.

If Reyna is deemed integral in midfield, Option No. 3 would be another versatile attacker, such as Brenden Aaronson or Malik Tillman, on the wing.

But both of those options have a familiar flaw: When the U.S. plays with two wingers who both prefer to drift infield, into pockets of space between lines — as Reyna, Aaronson and Tillman all do, and as Pulisic often does when he plays on the left — the American attack often struggles. Without Weah in September 2022, for example, they scored zero goals in 180 minutes against Japan and Saudi Arabia.

Referee Ivan Barton sends off Tim Weah of the United States, left, during a Copa America Group C soccer match against Panama in Atlanta, Thursday, June 27, 2024. (AP Photo/Mike Stewart)

Last but not necessarily least, Option No. 4 would be something completely unpredictable: Perhaps a 3-5-2 with Pulisic partnering Folarin Balogun up front? Or a 4-4-2 with a diamond midfield of Adams, Weston McKennie, Musah and Reyna?

In the past, Berhalter has preferred consistency. He rolled out roughly the same personnel throughout the 2022 World Cup, and the exact same lineup in the USMNT’s first two 2024 Copa América games. But he has, at times, been willing and able to tweak his system to counter a specific opponent.

Uruguayan mind games?

In the buildup to Monday’s match, there have been reasonable questions about whether Berhalter even knows exactly what he’ll be countering.

Uruguay hasn’t mathematically qualified for the quarters, but with its place all but confirmed, fans and media have speculated that Bielsa could play something of a second-string team, to rest regulars for the knockout rounds.

Assistant coach Diego Reyes was asked multiple times about that possibility Sunday. He said, after speaking about “many variables,” that Monday’s starting lineup had not yet been determined.

Seated next to Reyes was reserve goalkeeper Franco Israel, an unusual choice for a pre-match news conference, one that raised suspicions of lineup rotation. But it was almost too unusual — and maybe a misdirectional ploy. Rumors in Uruguayan soccer circles suggest that Uruguay’s lineup will be mostly unchanged.

​​”My guess is they're gonna play their strongest team,” Berhalter said Sunday.

And they won't assume that their quarterfinal place is secured. "We are focused on tomorrow’s game as if it were our last one," Reyes said.

USMNT goalkeeper Matt Turner's status for Monday's match against Uruguay is questionable. (Photo by John Dorton/ISI Photos/USSF/Getty Images for USSF)
Bielsa also suspended for Monday’s match

They will, though, be without their coach, Bielsa, who on Sunday received a one-match suspension because Uruguayan players arrived late for the second half of Thursday’s win over Bolivia.

Bielsa can still prepare his team, of course, but won’t be in their locker room or on their sideline Monday. He won’t be allowed in contact with them once they arrive at Arrowhead. Two of his longtime assistants, Reyes and Pablo Quiroga, will step in and take charge.

The suspension will limit their ability to tap into Bielsa’s wisdom mid-game. But it won’t limit Uruguay’s ability to play BielsaBall. His brilliance is in his teaching and his training, not his in-game adjustments. “It's a well-drilled team,” Berhalter said Sunday. “Regardless of who's on the sideline, it's gonna be a very similar playing style."

And the assistants are in tune with his philosophies. Reyes, beginning in 2007, has followed him from Chile to Athletic Bilbao, from Marseille to Lazio (briefly!), from Lille to Leeds and now Uruguay. He sounded confident that he and the staff would be able to cope with the assignment just fine.

“We have been working with Marcelo for a very long time,” Reyes said.

A crucial match for U.S. and Berhalter

Uruguay, more importantly, is wholly healthy, with all 26 players available.

The U.S. will be without Weah, and could be without goalkeeper Matt Turner, who injured his left leg in the first half against Panama and departed that game at halftime.

More on Copa América
The latest from Yahoo Sports
Lionel Messi starts for Inter Miami in first match after injuring ankle during Copa América final
USMNT's Tyler Adams undergoes back surgery after Copa América loss, will miss start of Premier League season
Fans file multiple lawsuits over Copa América chaos at Miami's Hard Rock Stadium

Turner got through "limited" training sessions Saturday and Sunday, Berhalter said. He is questionable for Monday. Ethan Horvath would start if Turner can’t go.

None of these are ideal circumstances entering a hugely consequential game, easily the USMNT’s most consequential since Qatar. A win would provide proof of concept, and buoy U.S. players into the knockout rounds and beyond. A loss could kick-start a crisis and cost Berhalter his job.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Corbin Burnes agrees to $210M contract with Diamondbacks

Corbin Burnes has been one of the best pitchers in MLB over the past five seasons.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
A typical Kings move: Firing of Mike Brown brings more questions than answers about the direction of the franchise

Does anyone trust the Kings and their vision for the direction of the team moving forward?

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
Mavericks-Suns brawl ends with 3 ejected after punch thrown

Jusuf Nurkić and Naji Marshall got into it on Friday.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Kings' firing of Mike Brown ripped by Nuggets coach Michael Malone: 'No class, no balls'

Brown getting fired brought back painful memories for Malone, who was fired by the Kings in 2015.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns restructure Deshaun Watson's contract for 3rd time in 3 seasons

Watson is set to carry cap hits of $72.9 million for both the 2025 and 2026 seasons.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Athletics president Dave Kaval resigns after leading team out of Oakland

The architect for the Athletics' move to Las Vegas is not sticking around for Las Vegas.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eagles rule out QB Jalen Hurts vs. Cowboys due to concussion

Hurts has not practiced this week after being in concussion protocol following a tackle in Sunday's loss to the Commanders.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Scottie Scheffler to miss PGA Tour's season-opening tournament after puncturing hand while preparing Christmas dinner

Scheffler is expected to be out for three to four weeks after requiring surgery to treat the injury.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Eric Dickerson isn't rooting for Saquon Barkley to break his single-season rushing record: 'Absolutely not'

Even if Barkley doesn't catch Dickerson, he can still become the ninth running back to get 2,000 yards in a season.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Weather to keep planes carrying protest banners away from Giants' home finale at MetLife Stadium

The Giants could be the first NFL team to finish 0-9 at home if they lose to the Colts in Week 17.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
3 Week 17 games that will determine fantasy football championships

With fantasy football championships on the line in most leagues, Matt Harmon outlines the three matchups most likely to determine winners and losers.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA trade season: Breaking down the Southwest Division landscape

Let's take a look at which teams are in need of making a move, and how they should approach the trade deadline.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football Week 17 Start 'Em, Sit 'Em

Set your Championship Week lineups with start/sit advice from every game on the Saturday and Sunday slate in Week 17.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football: 6 players who could help win you a championship in Week 17

The Yahoo Fantasy team gives its most steadfast predictions for fantasy championship week.

22h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports and HOMAGE partner on the perfect gear to honor your fantasy football league’s champ (and loser)

Fantasy football managers can celebrate (or mourn) their seasons with the signature Yahoo Fantasy Collection from HOMAGE.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bears interim coach says there was 'no confusion' in timeout-wasting sequence: 'I just changed my mind'

Even by Bears standards, this loss to the Seahawks was a frustrating one.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Stakes are high when rookies Jayden Daniels, Michael Penix Jr. meet for the 1st time in crucial NFL Sunday night matchup

Plus, if you want a little extra personnel drama, this marks the first time that Washington’s Dan Quinn will face Atlanta as a head coach since the Falcons fired him in 2018.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Christmas ratings: Netflix reports average of 24 million viewers for Chiefs-Steelers and Ravens-Texans

Last year's games, on normal television, averaged 29 million.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Mookie Betts is still heated about those Yankees fans who interfered with him in World Series: 'F*** you guys'

Betts provided a profane footnote to the most bizarre moment of the 2024 World Series.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Raptors coach Darko Rajaković ejected after going berserk on officials

Rajaković certainly got his money's worth.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/usmnt-vs-uruguay-a-decisive-copa-america-game-full-of-mystery-and-many-variables-030006986.html 
 ----- 
