Press Herald
Central Maine
Sun Journal
Times Record
Weekly Newspapers
Offcanvas Menu Open
Press Herald
Subscribe
-
$2.50/week
NEWS
$9.3 million grant could mean fewer wildlife collisions in northern Maine
LETTERS
Letter: Abortion restrictions would make matters worse in Maine
SPORTS
Boys volleyball aims to become Maine’s newest high school sport
LETTERS
Letter: DHHS reform needs to be made a top priority
LETTERS
Letter: EV stations where gas pumps are needed
LETTERS
Letter: Medical malpractice claims are not to blame
OPINION
Opinion: Against the odds, collaboration will drive climate action in Maine
OPINION
Another View: Obamacare is now more popular (and costlier) than ever
DEATH NOTICES
Death Notice: David W. Shorey
DEATH NOTICES
Death Notice: Steven D. Dearborn
SPORTS
Round one goes to Windham
Make the most of your 2025. Subscribe and get started on your New Year's resolutions.
Sports
U.S. loses to Uruguay, eliminated from Copa America

The United States loses on a questionable goal, a defeat that will increase calls for Coach Gregg Berhalter to be removed.

Posted July 1
Updated July 1
Dave Skretta
Associated Press
3 min read
Gift article
Share
Print

Malik Tillman of the United States, reacts after missing a shot during a 1-0 loss to Uruguay in a Copa America game on Monday in Kansas City, Mo. Ed Zurga/Associated Press

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The United States was eliminated from the Copa America with a 1-0 loss to Uruguay on a Mathías Olivera’s questionable second-half goal on Monday night, a defeat that will increase pressure on the U.S. Soccer Federation to remove Coach Gregg Berhalter before the 2026 World Cup.

Uruguay scored in the 66th minute when Nicolas De La Cruz swung a free kick in front of the U.S. goal. Matt Turner parried a header by Ronald Araújo, who outjumped defender Tim Ream, but the rebound went right to Mathias Olivera and he tapped the ball in with his left foot.

Olivera appeared to be offside on the initial header but the goal stood after a video review.

Using a lineup of players entirely from European clubs, Berhalter and the U.S. hoped to show the team had advanced since its round-of-16 elimination against the Netherlands at the 2023 World Cup. Instead, the U.S. opened with a 2-0 loss to lowly Bolivia and were upset 2-1 by Panama.

Dave Dyer's annual concessions column is upDave Dyer's annual concessions column is up
Explore More

Three minutes before Uruguay scored, the U.S. was in position to advance when Bruno Miranda tied the score for Bolivia against Panama in a game that started simultaneously in Orlando, Florida. But Panama went on to a 3-1 victory and claimed the second spot in Group C behind Uruguay.

Berhalter was rehired in June 2023 and given a contract through the 2026, which the U.S. will co-host with Canada and Mexico. But despite a lineup that included Christian Pulisic, Weston McKennie and Tyler Adams, the U.S. failed to even match its last Copa America appearance, when it lost to Argentina in the 2016 quarterfinals.

Advertisement

The U.S. next plays September friendlies against Canada and New Zealand.

Uruguay played without Coach Marcelo Biesla, suspended for sending his team out late for the second half of its first two games. Diego Reyes and Pablo Quiroga were in charge on a mild but humid night in Kansas City.

Berhalter and the Americans knew their situation was dire — Pulisic at one point said they would need to play “the best game of our lives” to advance — and they looked like a team with nothing to lose for most of the first half.

It was one marked by physical play and questionable calls.

Folarin Balogun, who had two goals already in the tournament, bore the brunt of several challenges. He was left calling for help after a collision with Uruguayan goalkeeper Sergio Rochet, then was left rolling on the field after Araújo’s challenge later in the half. Balogun eventually had to leave with a hip pointer and Ricardo Pepi took his place.

Uruguay lost Maximilliano Araújo earlier in the half after a scary collision with Ream near the U.S. goal. He had to be taken off the field on a stretcher, though he was able to move his arms before heading up the tunnel.

In the middle of the chaos was 32-year-old Peruvian referee Kevin Ortega, who made several questionable calls that hurt the U.S.

The first came when Ortega began to pull a yellow card and stop play, then allowed it to continue — while still holding the card — as Uruguay nearly scored on an attack. The second came when the U.S. had a clear advantage after a hand ball on Uruguay, but the Peruvian referee eventually blew his whistle and called the play back for a free kick.

Uruguay started to apply more pressure midway through the second half, then had the Americans in desperation mode after Olivera found the back of the net. And while the U.S. had a few good runs, and a couple of good opportunities in the box, a team that had such big expectations was unable to find the two goals it needed — or even one.

 Copy the Story Link

Join the Conversation

Please sign into your Press Herald account to participate in conversations below. If you do not have an account, you can register or subscribe. Questions? Please see our FAQs.

Send questions/comments to the editors.

RELATED STORIES
NEWS
U.S. homelessness up 18% as affordable housing remains out of reach for many
OPINION
Opinion: Make daylight saving time permanent? The U.S. economy says yes.
TIMES RECORD OPINION
President Biden, give U.S. Steel the green light
LETTERS
U.S. officials still ignoring Gaza atrocities
LOCAL & STATE
U.S. Senate approves Collins’ bill to fund urban parks, trails
LATEST ARTICLES
LOCAL & STATE
$9.3 million grant could mean fewer wildlife collisions in northern Maine
LETTERS
Letter: Abortion restrictions would make matters worse in Maine
VARSITY MAINE
Boys volleyball aims to become Maine’s newest high school sport
LETTERS
Letter: DHHS reform needs to be made a top priority
LETTERS
Letter: EV stations where gas pumps are needed
BROWSE MORE IN SPORTS
HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS
COLLEGE SPORTS
OUTDOORS
MAINE MARINERS
PORTLAND SEA DOGS
MAINE CELTICS
BOSTON BRUINS
BOSTON CELTICS
BOSTON RED SOX
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS
CONTACT US
About Us
Staff Directory
Send a Story Tip
Letters to the editor
FAQs
SUBSCRIBERS
Subscribe
Subscriber Resources
Subscriber Benefits
Home Delivery Help
Manage Account
Pay my Bill
Access ePaper
Newsletters & Alerts
Mobile Apps
Press Herald Events
Photo Store
Gifts and Merchandise
CONNECT WITH US
Email Newsletters
Facebook
Linked In
Instagram
ADVERTISE
Contact Advertising
Media Kit
Help Wanted Ads
Place an Obituary
PRESS HERALD EVENTS
Like A Boss
Maine Voices Live
Business Series
Newsroom Live
Source Maine Sustainability Awards
NETWORK
Work Here
Centralmaine.com
Sunjournal.com
Timesrecord.com
The Forecasters
Mainely Media Weeklies
Varsity Maine
Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms of Service Commenting Terms Public Notices Photo Store Merch Store Archive Search
© 2024 | All Rights Reserved | Press Herald
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
 
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pressherald.com/2024/07/01/u-s-loses-to-uruguay-eliminated-from-copa-america/ 
 ----- 
