CLOSE
Weather
58°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Sponsored Content
Sponsored Content | Spanish
Timeless in Texas
Marketplace
More
Help Center
Classifieds
Obituaries
Guides
Back to the Ballot
Parents' Guide to Summer
Voter Guide
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Topics
Soccer
Golf
Today's Articles in Print
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Dallas-Fort Worth traffic driving you crazy? These tips could help.
Watch: 3 players ejected in fight between Mavericks’ Naji Marshall and Suns’ Jusuf Nurkic
Sales, deals, leases: What’s new and interesting in Dallas' real estate scene
Uptown nightclub receives backlash after racially offensive sign spotted in the club
How Dallas’ youngest learners helped DISD defy enrollment trends
Why did Michelin overlook Tex-Mex and Mexican food in D-FW?
Will warm weather ring in the new year? Here’s what to expect in North Texas
Longtime sportscaster Greg Gumbel dies from cancer at age 78
Knox-Henderson getting more love with its ‘different vibe’ for shoppers
‘Not just what we saw in our grandma’s closet’: Why more young people are knitting
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSFC DALLAS

U.S. out of Copa America with loss to Uruguay, increasing pressure to fire Gregg Berhalter
In a tournament meant to show the USMNT’s growth, the team failed to match its last Copa America performance.

By The Associated Press

Wire Service

Jul. 1, 2024
|
Updated 10:53 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Antonee Robinson of the United States reacts after losing 0-1 against Uruguay at the end of a Copa America Group C soccer match in Kansas City, Mo., Monday, July 1, 2024.(Reed Hoffman / AP)

KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — The United States was eliminated from the Copa America with a 1-0 loss to Uruguay on Mathías Olivera’s questionable second-half goal Monday night, a defeat sure to increase pressure on the U.S. Soccer Federation to remove coach Gregg Berhalter before the 2026 World Cup.

Uruguay scored in the 66th minute when Nicolas De La Cruz swung a free kick in front of the U.S. goal. Matt Turner parried a header by Ronald Araújo, who out-jumped defender Tim Ream, but the rebound went right to Mathias Olivera and he tapped the ball in with his left foot.

Olivera appeared to be offside on the initial header but the goal stood after a video review.

Using a lineup of players entirely from European clubs, Berhalter and the U.S. hoped to show the team had advanced since its round-of-16 elimination against the Netherlands at the 2022 World Cup. Instead, the U.S. managed only a 2-0 win over lowly Bolivia and were upset 2-1 by Panama, putting it in a tough situation Monday night.

Sports Roundup

Get the latest D-FW sports news, analysis, scores and more.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Related:Gregg Berhalter won’t let critics derail focus as USMNT takes Copa America’s center stage

“We had a good start and brought a lot of energy but at the end of the day, just not enough quality,” U.S. captain Christian Pulisic said. “I felt like we gave it everything but we just couldn’t score.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Three minutes before Uruguay scored, the U.S. was in position to advance when Bruno Miranda tied the score for Bolivia against Panama in a game that started simultaneously in Orlando, Florida. But Panama went on to a 3-1 victory and claimed the second spot in Group C behind Uruguay.

Berhalter was rehired in June 2023 and given a contract through the upcoming World Cup, which the U.S. will co-host with Canada and Mexico. But despite a lineup that included Pulisic, Weston McKennie and Tyler Adams, the U.S. failed to even match its last Copa America appearance, when it lost to Argentina in the 2016 quarterfinals.

During the second half Monday night, the home crowd began chanting, “Fire Gregg.”

The U.S. next plays September friendlies against Canada and New Zealand.

ADVERTISEMENT

Uruguay played without coach Marcelo Biesla, suspended for sending his team out late for the second half of its first two games. Diego Reyes and Pablo Quiroga were in charge on a mild but humid night in Kansas City.

Berhalter and the Americans knew the difficulty of their situation — Pulisic at one point said they would need to play “the best game of our lives” to advance — and they looked like a team with nothing to lose for most of the first half.

It was one marked by physical play and questionable calls.

Folarin Balogun, who had two goals already in the tournament, bore the brunt of several challenges. He was left calling for help after a collision with Uruguayan goalkeeper Sergio Rochet, then was left rolling on the field after Araújo’s challenge later in the half. Balogun eventually had to leave with a hip pointer and Ricardo Pepi took his place.

Uruguay lost Maximilliano Araújo earlier in the half after a scary collision with Ream near the U.S. goal. He had to be taken off the field on a stretcher, though he was able to move his arms before heading up the tunnel.

In the middle of the chaos was 32-year-old Peruvian referee Kevin Ortega, whose several questionable calls hurt the U.S.

The first came when Ortega began to pull a yellow card and stop play, then allowed it to continue — while still holding the card — as Uruguay nearly scored on an attack. The second came when the U.S. had a clear advantage after a hand ball on Uruguay, but the Peruvian referee eventually blew his whistle and called the play back for a free kick.

ADVERTISEMENT

Antonee Robinson called it “amateur hour” but lamented the Americans’ failure to rise above the referee.

“The result is on us,” he said, “and we weren’t good enough.”

Uruguay started to apply more pressure midway through the second half, then had the Americans in desperation mode after Olivera found the back of the net. And while the U.S. had a few good runs, and a couple of good opportunities in the box, a team that had such big expectations was unable to find the two goals it needed — or even one.

“I mean, now it’s just about getting a little bit of rest and regrouping and finding an identity again, and we have some big things ahead,” Pulisic said. “We’re going to look forward to that.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
USWNT’s Trinity Rodman opens up on relationship with Dennis Rodman: ‘He’s not a dad’
Dallas Trinity FC falls to Brooklyn in battle of USL Super League’s top teams
Arlington mayor knocks ‘Dallas Stadium’ name change for 2026 World Cup

Find more soccer coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By The Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Uptown nightclub receives backlash after racially offensive sign spotted in the club
2
A North Texas high school locked up cellphones. Here’s what happened
3
Knox-Henderson getting more love with its ‘different vibe’ for shoppers
4
Stars forward Mason Marchment taken to hospital after injury during game vs. Wild
5
Watch: 3 players ejected in fight between Mavericks’ Naji Marshall and Suns’ Jusuf Nurkic
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2024 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/fc-dallas/2024/07/01/us-out-of-copa-america-with-loss-to-uruguay-increasing-pressure-to-fire-gregg-berhalter/ 
 ----- 
