Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
England vs USA – T20 World Cup 2024: Team news, pitch, form, weather, toss

A win will bolster England’s chances for a spot in the semis and a loss could bring it down to a net run rate battle.

USA fans have flown into the Caribbean to support their team in the Super Eights [File: Ricardo Mazala/AP]
By Al Jazeera Staff
Published On 23 Jun 2024
23 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Who: England vs USA
What: ICC T20 World Cup Super Eights Group 2
When: Sunday, June 23, 10:30am local time (14:30 GMT)
Where: Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados
How: Follow Al Jazeera’s live coverage

USA will be playing for pride and hoping to register one last shock when they meet England in their ICC T20 World Cup Super Eight clash in Barbados.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
Meet Team USA – the unexpected darlings of the T20 World Cup
list 2 of 4
From format to match-ups: All to know about the T20 World Cup Super Eights
list 3 of 4
Indians and Pakistanis join hands to realise USA’s T20 World Cup dream
list 4 of 4
The Take: The biggest rivalry in sports – India and Pakistan in cricket
end of list

The debutants set the tournament alight with their win over Pakistan and won over fans by qualifying for the Super Eights, but their journey seems to be all but over with two losses in their two Group 2 games so far.

For England, it is a must-win situation as they look to hold on to their T20 World Cup crown. Jos Buttler’s side narrowly lost to South Africa in their second Super Eight game after beating hosts West Indies comfortably in the first one.

A loss against USA will not throw them out of the competition, but should West Indies beat South Africa in the later game, it could all come down to net run rate.

USA’s stand-in captain Aaron Jones believes his side have made inroads into American fans’ hearts and their performance will help build the game in the baseball-loving nation.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Americas Coverage Newsletter
US politics, Canada’s multiculturalism, South America’s geopolitical rise—we bring you the stories that matter.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
Advertisement

“When we first started the World Cup, a lot of people didn’t think that we would be here right now,” Jones said last week.

“[But] we always believed, even before the World Cup started, that we could beat any team in the world. And as I say, every time you put on your jersey and you go and play for your country, you want to win. So we want to win the game against England and finish well.”

Pitch condition and toss

The Kensington Oval pitch has been one of the few high-scoring surfaces in the Caribbean during this tournament, but has offered ample support to both pace and spin bowlers.

Captains winning the toss have chosen to go with both options and being a day match, it is

Weather forecast

The weather in Bridgetown will remain hot and humid all day, with a chance of a thunderstorm and brief showers shortly before the match.

Head-to-head

This will be the first meeting between the two sides in any format of the game.

Form guide

England seemed to have brushed off their group-stage loss against Australia with three straight wins over Oman, Namibia and West Indies, but they fell short against South Africa in their second group game. Buttler and his coaching staff are unlikely to be frazzled by the occasion.

USA started the tournament brightly with wins over Canada and Pakistan, but have suffered three losses in their last three games.

Advertisement

England: L W W W L
USA: L L L W W

England team news

England have not made too many changes to their playing XI during the tournament and are likely to field the side that played against South Africa.

Squad: Jos Buttler (captain), Moeen Ali, Jofra Archer, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Sam Curran, Ben Duckett, Tom Hartley, Will Jacks, Chris Jordan, Liam Livingstone, Adil Rashid, Phil Salt, Reece Topley, Mark Wood.

USA team news

USA will still be without their injured regular captain Monank Patel and Shayan Jahangir could get yet another run in the side.

Squad: Monank Patel (captain), Aaron Jones, Shayan Jahangir, Andries Gous, Nitish Kumar, Steven Taylor, Harmeet Singh, Corey Anderson, Milind Kumar, Nisarg Patel, Shadley van Schalkwyk, Ali Khan, Jessy Singh, Saurabh Netravalkar, Nosthush Kenjige.

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2024/6/23/england-vs-usa-t20-world-cup-2024-team-news-pitch-form-favourites 
 ----- 
