  
Brentford vs. Arsenal: 12 hrs 14 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Plymouth vs. Bristol CityPreview: QPR vs. WatfordPreview: Millwall vs. OxfordPreview: Leeds vs. BlackburnToday's previews
Home > Cricket > T20 World Cup > West Indies > Previews
T20 World Cup
HomeNewsPast winnersIndia win 2024 World Cup
CRICKET
Preview: T20 World Cup: West Indies vs. United States - prediction, team news, tournament so far
By Ben Sully
Published: June 20 2024 | 22:48
Last updated: June 23 2024 | 13:07

The T20 World Cup co-hosts will go head-to-head when West Indies face the United States in Friday's Super Eight meeting at the T20 World Cup.

West Indies began the Super Eight phase with a disappointing defeat against England, while the USA failed to get the better of South Africa despite putting in a competitive performance.

Match preview

© Reuters

After failing to qualify for last year's 50-over World Cup, West Indies came into their home tournament with a point to prove.

The side, overseen by coach Darren Sammy, produced a flawless performance in the first stage, beating Papua New Guinea, Uganda, New Zealand and Afghanistan to finish top of Group C with maximum points.

West Indies racked up 218 in their 104-run victory against Afghanistan, and they appeared to be on course to pose another score in excess of 200 in Wednesday's Super Eight clash with reigning world T20 champions England.

They were sitting pretty at 137-2 at the 15-over mark, but England fought back to restrict West Indies to 180-4 after 20 overs.

Jos Buttler and co ultimately made light work of the total, as the West Indies bowling attack struggled to contain the likes of Phil Salt and Jonny Bairstow, who put together a formidable partnership to win the game with 15 balls remaining.

After suffering their first defeat of the tournament, captain Rovman Powell knows that his side need to beat the USA if they are to have a realistic chance of reaching the semi-finals as they look to keep their hopes alive of winning the tournament for the third time.

© Imago

Meanwhile, as an associate nation, the United States have already surpassed expectations by making it to the Super Eight stage in their first-ever appearance at the T20 World Cup.

They began the tournament with a seven-wicket victory against Canada, before they pulled off a major upset to beat Pakistan in a Super Over.

Although they were beaten by India, the USA still managed to secure a top-two spot after their final group game against Ireland was washed out due to the heavy rain in Florida.

The United States continued their memorable tournament with a competitive display in their Super Eight match against South Africa, falling just 18 runs short in their chase of 194 to reinforce the belief that the associate nations belong at these tournaments.

While securing a semi-final berth seems an unthinkable proposition, the USA will attempt to spring a surprise against their tournament co-hosts and claim a win that would set up a dramatic final game against England.

Team News

© Reuters

West Indies opener Brandon King is a doubt for the rest of the tournament after being forced to retire hurt against England due to a side strain.

If King is ruled out of the World Cup, West Indies could call up one of their stand-by players, with Andre Fletcher and Kyle Mayers among the contenders to come into the main squad.

Nicholas Pooran will be key to his side's batting efforts, having racked up 200 runs in his five innings, making him the highest run scorer at the 2024 T20 World Cup.

Romario Shephard may see his position come under threat after he conceded 41 off his two overs against England, including 30 off one over to the destructive Salt.

Meanwhile, USA skipper Monank Patel remains a doubt, having been forced to miss the last two matches against India and South Africa due to injury.

Aaron Jones will captain the USA for a third consecutive match if Patel remains unavailable for the second Super-Eight match.

Wicket-keeper Andries Gous will be looking to produce another meaningful contribution with the bat after hitting five fours and five sixes on his way to scoring 80 not out in the defeat to South Africa.

Saurabh Netravalkar has been the USA's standout bowler in the tournament, and he showcased his skills by recording bowling figures of 2-21 in the defeat to South Africa.


Team A squad: Monank Patel (c), Aaron Jones, Andries Gous, Corey Anderson, Ali Khan, Harmeet Singh, Jessy Singh, Milind Kumar, Nisarg Patel, Nitish Kumar, Noshtush Kenjige, Saurabh Netravalkar, Shadley Van Schalkwyk, Steven Taylor, Shayan Jahangir

Team B squad: Rovman Powell (c), Alzarri Joseph, Johnson Charles, Roston Chase, Shimron Hetmyer, Jason Holder, Shai Hope, Akeal Hosein, Shamar Joseph, Brandon King, Gudakesh Motie, Nicholas Pooran, Andre Russell, Sherfane Rutherford, Romario Shepherd

Tournament so far

West Indies


Group stage

Match One: West Indies won by five wickets
Papua New Guinea - 136/8 (20)
West Indies - 137/5 (19)

Match Two: West Indies won by 134 runs
West Indies - 173/5 (20)
Uganda - 39 (12)

Match Three: West Indies won by 13 runs
West Indies - 149/9 (20)
New Zealand - 136/9 (20)

Match Four: West Indies won by 104 runs
West Indies - 218/5 (20)
Afghanistan - 114 (16.2)

Super Eight

Match Five: West Indies lost by eight wickets
West Indies - 180/4 (20)
England - 181/2 (17.3)

United States


Group stage

Match One: USA won by 7 wickets
Canada - 194/5 (20)
USA - 197/3 (17.4)

Match Two: USA won the super over by 5 runs
Pakistan - 159/7 & 13/1
USA - 159/3 & 18/1

Match Three: USA lost by 7 wickets
USA - 110/8 (20)
India - 111/3 (18.2)

Match Four: No Result

Super Eight

Match Five: USA lost by 18 runs
USA - 176/6 (20)
South Africa - 194/4 (20)

We say: West Indies to win

West Indies would have been disappointed with their overall performance against England after they failed to maximise their solid start with the bat and struggled to stop the flow of runs when it came to their bowling effort.

However, they still have a destructive batting lineup and a solid bowling group, who should all do enough to outclass the USA in Friday's contest.

Written by
Ben Sully
Previews by email
Click here to get Sports Mole's daily email of previews and predictions for every major game!


Share this article now:

     

Read more about Darren Sammy Brandon King Andre Fletcher Kyle Mayers Nicholas Pooran Romario Shephard Monank Patel Aaron Jones Andries Gous Saurabh Netravalkar Phil Salt Rovman Powell Jonny Bairstow Jos Buttler Cricket
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
ICC T20 World Cup 2024: Confirmed squads, fixtures, team previews, tournament format
Happy New Year Reds! Salah on brink of Liverpool renewal as last 'obstacle' revealed
Man United 'set debut target' for teenage prodigy Obi-Martin
'Killed off' - Liverpool issue 'emphatic' response to Real Madrid's first move
West Indies win decider to take T20 series with England
"Third favourites" - Steven Finn rates England chances of winning T20 World Cup
England on verge of losing Test series to West Indies
Sammy talks up West Indies threat
Sport News 24/7 
1
Brentford vs. Arsenal injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
2
Tormentor to teammate? Delap breaks silence on Chelsea transfer rumours
3
Latest David Alaba update: Real Madrid injury news vs. Valencia
4
"Goals written all over it": Why Arsenal, Brentford will serve up New Year's Day feast
5
Happy New Year Reds! Salah on brink of Liverpool renewal as last 'obstacle' revealed
6
Brentford out to extend New Year's Day unbeaten run against Arsenal
7
Imminent arrival: Bournemouth on verge of signing 'rising MLS talent'
8
Ex-Arsenal chief could hold the key as Athletic 'identify Williams replacement'
9
Rangers vs. Celtic - prediction, team news, lineups
10
'Particular intent' - Liverpool to receive De Jong boost from shock Barca move?
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2025 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/cricket/west-indies/t20-world-cup/preview/preview-t20-world-cup-west-indies-vs-united-states-prediction-team-news-tournament-so-far_546362.html 
 ----- 
