WARRIORS
Warriors superstar calls out team after 30-point beatdown vs Kings
Matthew Legros
January 6, 2025
Credit: Kelley L Cox-Imagn Images

The Golden State Warriors just can’t seem to fully shake their funk.

Warriors are 6-14 in last 20 games following loss to Kings

The Warriors got blown out by 30 points at the hand of the Sacramento Kings on Sunday night, losing by a score of 129-99. The loss was their 14th in their last 20 games. Golden State has lost seven of those 14 games by double figures including their letdown against Sacramento. Understanding the sense of urgency that the franchise needs to have at this juncture of the campaign at 18-17 in the win-loss column, Warriors superstar Stephen Curry called out his team following the defeat.

This new look Yankees' pitching staff looks ELITE #yankees
00:00
/
00:59
Credit: Kelley L Cox-Imagn Images
Stephen Curry makes bold statement after Warriors loss

The Athletic’s Anthony Slater shared Curry’s post-game press conference. The Davidson product candidly shot down the notion that his team is equipped to weather storms when down big:

“Here’s Steph Curry on the 30-point loss to the Kings. He mentions that the Warriors “aren’t built” to be a team that can come back from large deficits,” Slater published on X on Sunday night.

That’s particularly striking considering the way in which the Warriors revolutionized what it means to wage massive comebacks in the NBA. Curry and his former teammate Klay Thompson (Dallas Mavericks) were prone to go nuclear late in games and erase perceivably insurmountable leads. Not only so, but they did so in a breathtakingly short amount of time too.

Warriors have 1 month to restructure their struggling roster

Now, Golden State is struggling to keep an array of teams at bay, including favorable matchups on their schedule. The former two-time league MVP is having a down year by his own standards, averaging a glaringly low 22.5 points per game on 45.2 percent shooting from the field.

Credit: David Gonzales-Imagn Images

The Warriors are also playing Andrew Wiggins under 30 minutes a night despite his 16.7 PPG, just lost Jonathan Kuminga for three weeks due to an ankle sprain, and are enduring a precipitous dropoff in productivity from their vaunted sixth man Buddy Hield.

Golden State’s 11-plus man rotation was looked at as a potential cause for concern early in their slump. Playmaking was also called into question, to which they tried to remedy by acquiring star point guard Dennis Schroder. Now it is apparent that the Warriors need another marquee star to help them stop the bleeding and avoid more blowout defeats.

Curry deeming that his team is not built to make large comebacks should be a given for any NBA squad. Albeit, for the Warriors, it’s a telltale sign that they’re not the same, even in juxtaposition to their three former roster iterations, which all enjoyed championship glory. The front office now has exactly one month to find a solution, or what was once a season with unexpected title hopes could spiral even further.

Also Read:

Warriors get devastating news on injured young star
Mentioned in this article: ANDREW WIGGINS BUDDY HIELD DENNIS SCHRODER JONATHAN KUMINGA KLAY THOMPSON STEPHEN CURRY


More about:WARRIORS



ABOUT EMPIRE SPORTS MEDIA
CONTACT EMPIRE SPORTS MEDIA
PRIVACY POLICY

A forward-thinking New York Sports media outlet.

STAY IN THE GAME WITH OUR NEWSLETTER:

SIGN UP

Follow us for breaking news and latest updates:

  
Copyright © 2025 Empire Sports Media
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://empiresportsmedia.com/warriors/warriors-superstar-calls-out-team-after-30-point-beatdown-vs-kings/ 
 ----- 
