Open sidebar
Home
Basketball
Can Paul George Turnaround Sixers Season Without Joel Embiid’s Help?

Pranay Mukherjee
PublishedNov 04, 2024

Follow Us

Nov 2, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Injured Philadelphia 76ers Paul George (R) and Joel Embiid (L) look on during the first quarter against the Memphis Grizzlies at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

Entering the 2024-25 season, many expected the Philadelphia 76ers to dominate from the get-go. But that has yet to be the case, with injuries to Joel Embiid and Paul George hampering the season so far. PG has been recovering from a bone bruise on his left knee after he hyper-extended it in a preseason game. Embiid, on the other hand, is recovering from a left meniscus injury he suffered last season. 

Advertisement

Tyrese Maxey has been a bright spot for the team, scoring at a high level, but with limited efficiency. He’s averaging 29.8 points per game but on 38.5% shooting. Despite his elite scoring, Maxey has not been able to get the 76ers in winning form. Now, as George returns, questions arise whether he can steer the ship in the right direction. 

How George’s return will impact the team

Last season, Paul George was the perfect complimentary star for the LA Clippers. Now, as he looks set for a return against the Suns, the Philadelphia team is looking forward to PG’s play. His ability to take over the game as a shot-creator and his efficiency as a shooter are important things that the 76ers will need. 

This will help alleviate the pressure on his teammates and give them some breathing space. Maxey and the others will get better looks and generally have a smoother time on offense. 

Given his ability to score the ball and his past as an MVP candidate, PG is also simply another quality player on the court. Something the 76ers have really lacked this season. Although Kelly Oubre Jr. and Caleb Martin have been somewhat dependable, the team needs more. George brings quality as a multi-level scorer while also being a good defender. 

Will PG’s return help turn things around? 

Although George is an elite player, he may not be able to turn the team’s fortunes around single-handedly. If he can match his 22.6 ppg from last season or exceed it, that would certainly be impactful. This alongside his elite 41.3% shooting beyond the arc will be critical. Alongside Tyrese Maxey, the 34-year-old might be able to help get more wins, but Joel Embiid is the key to this team.

Embiid has long been the hub of the Philadelphia 76ers’ offense while being an elite rim-protecting deterrent. His ability to dominate the paint, draw defenders, and generate open looks for teammates is unmatched. Although PG and Maxey should help the team get better, Embiid is crucial to their regular season dominance and subsequent playoff hopes.

Embiid is questionable for the game against the Suns, but there is hope for a return against the Clippers during the 76ers’ upcoming West Coast trip.

Post Edited By:Sameen Nawathe

Joel EmbiidPaul GeorgeTyrese Maxey

About the author

Pranay Mukherjee

Pranay Mukherjee, an NBA Journalist for The SportsRush, developed a passion for basketball while following LeBron James' iconic 2016 Championship run. Watching new superstars such as Luka Doncic, Jayson Tatum and Devin Booker emerge has further cemented that passion. He strives to deliver the latest NBA updates while following his favorite players, including LeBron James, Nikola Jokic and Luka Doncic. Manga such as Kuroko's Basketball and Slam Dunk have also played a massive role in his love for the game.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Sameen Nawathe • Dec 27, 2024

“Thought It Was Some Sort of Joke”: Brian Windhorst Admits He Thought Joel Embiid’s Christmas Injury Scare Wasn’t Serious

Dylan Edenfield • Dec 27, 2024

“Physical Specimen When He Plays”: Joel Embiid Receives Praise from Former NBA Star

Advait Jajodia • Dec 26, 2024

“Hates Them As Much As I Do”: Joel Embiid Raves About ‘Boston Killer’ Caleb Martin Following 76ers Win

Prateek Singh • Dec 21, 2024

Gilbert Arenas and Kenyon Martin Livid Over 76ers’ Mismanagement of Joel Embiid and Paul George’s Injuries

Aakash Nair • Dec 17, 2024

‘Getting Dwight Howard’s A** Up Out of the East’: Paul George Was Elated to See Magic Center Join Lakers in 2012

Advait Jajodia • Dec 10, 2024

“One of My Biggest Regrets”: Paul George Reminisces Over Rejecting Kobe Bryant’s Offer to Work Out with Him

Headlines

UFC

Joe Rogan Shares the Pain of ‘Being Friends’ with UFC Fighters Past Their Prime

NASCAR

Which Races Will Kyle Larson ‘Replica’ Corey Day Run for Hendrick Motorsports in 2025 as Part of Development Deal?

UFC

‘Not Taking Him Down Like O’Malley’: Merab Promises Striking Battle Against Umar Nurmagomedov at UFC 311

NFL

“Tom is Goofy”: Kenjon Barner Reflects on Tom Brady Rapping in the Patriots Locker Room

UFC

Mike Perry Seeks $25M BKFC Tournament Similar to Bruce Lee’s Iconic Movie Enter the Dragon

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/nba-news-can-paul-george-turnaround-sixers-season-without-joel-embiids-help/ 
 ----- 
