MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jusuf Nurkic makes free throw with 0.8 seconds left to lift Suns past Mavs, 114-113
Updated Nov. 8, 2024 11:15 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

DALLAS (AP) — Jusuf Nurkic made the second of two free throws with 0.8 seconds left after getting fouled on an offensive rebound, lifting the Phoenix Suns to a 114-113 victory over the Dallas Mavericks on Friday night.

Kevin Durant scored 26 points, and Nurkic had 15 points and 10 rebounds as the Suns improved to 8-1 for the first time since 2009-10. Two of the victories have been over defending Western Conference champion Dallas.

Nurkic had put the Suns ahead with 31 seconds remaining with a dunk on a putback from a miss Durant. Daniel Gafford got Dallas even at 113 on an alley-oop dunk from Luka Doncic, who had 30 points, seven assists and seven rebounds.

Royce O'Neale missed a runner in the lane in the final seconds, but Nurkic grabbed the rebound and was bumped by several Dallas defenders on a missed shot as the buzzer sounded. Gafford fouled out on the play.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Doncic was short on a desperation 3-pointer at the buzzer.

O'Neale scored 18 points for Phoenix, and Devin Booker had 13 points and 12 assists.

Kyrie Irving scored 29 points, and Naji Marshall had 18 for Dallas.

Takeaways

Suns: O'Neale was a big boost off the bench, with Phoenix reserves outscoring the Dallas bench 28-9 after a 23-9 edge in the first meeting.

Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
North Charleston: Wooden Puzzles - Closing Sale - 85% Off
Prices start at $4.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Mavericks: Gafford's foul trouble came with frontcourt partner Dereck Lively II out because of a sprained shoulder. Dwight Powell was forced to play a season-high 25 minutes and had five fouls.

Key moment

Nurkic's decisive rebound came after the only miss from O’Neale, who was 7 of 8.

Key stat

Phoenix didn't have a huge edge in offensive rebounds at 11-8, but six of them came in the fourth quarter. Nurkic had all three of his in the fourth.

Up next

The Suns are home against Sacramento on Sunday. The Mavericks are at Denver on Sunday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/NBA

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Jusuf Nurkic
Phoenix Suns
National Basketball Association
Royce O'Neale
Daniel Gafford
Luka Doncic
Kevin Durant
Jusuf Nurkic
Dallas Mavericks
Phoenix Suns
NBA - Phoenix Suns vs. Dallas Mavericks - 11/09/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/jusuf-nurkic-makes-free-throw-with-08-seconds-left-to-lift-suns-past-mavs-114113 
 ----- 
