Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SPORTS EVENT TICKETS
Bronny James in the G League: Where to buy tickets for his South Bay Lakers debut
Updated: Nov. 08, 2024, 12:12 p.m.|Published: Nov. 08, 2024, 12:12 p.m.

Los Angeles Lakers guard Bronny James during an NBA preseason basketball game against the Golden State Warriors in San Francisco, Friday, Oct. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)AP

By Jimmy Hascup | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com

Bronny James will make his G League debut with the South Bay Lakers on Saturday, Nov. 9, 2024, against the Salt Lake City Stars at UCLA Health Training Center in El Segundo, California.

How to get tickets: Fans who want to attend the match can buy tickets at SeatGeek. The cheapest tickets to the game cost $175 as of Friday.

0:00
/
0:25
Keep Watching
Vikings-Rams wild-card game moved to Arizona's State Farm Stadium

You can also look for tickets on Gametime, Stubhub, Ticketmaster, Ticketsmarter or Vivid Seats.

###

Here’s a recent story from The Associated Press:

EL SEGUNDO, Calif. (AP) — Bronny James has been assigned to the Los Angeles Lakers’ G League affiliate, putting him on the roster in time for the South Bay Lakers’ season opener this weekend.

The Lakers announced the move Thursday for James, the 20-year-old son of LeBron James.

Bronny has played in three games for the Lakers, scoring four points in 13 combined minutes of action. LeBron and Bronny made NBA history on Oct. 22 when they became the first father and son to play together during the Lakers’ season-opening win over Minnesota.

Bronny then scored his first NBA basket for the Lakers in Cleveland on Oct. 30 at the arena where he watched his father as a child.

But LeBron and the Lakers have already said Bronny will spend ample time this season with their G League affiliate as he works on his game.

Bronny survived cardiac arrest in the summer of 2023, and he played only sparingly during his one season of college basketball at Southern California before declaring for the draft last summer. Los Angeles chose him late in the second round.

RECOMMENDED•NJ.COM

Atlanta Hawks vs. Los Angeles Lakers FREE LIVE STREAM (1/3/25): Watch NBA regular season | Time, TV, ChannelJan. 3, 2025, 8:00 p.m.

New York Knicks vs. Chicago Bulls FREE LIVE STREAM (1/4/25): Watch NBA regular season | Time, TV, ChannelJan. 4, 2025, 6:00 p.m.

The South Bay Lakers play their home games at the Lakers’ training complex in El Segundo. They host the Salt Lake City Stars on Saturday night.

Thank you for relying on us to provide the journalism you can trust. Please consider supporting us with a subscription.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About NJ.com
Advertise with us
Contact Us
Newsletters
Jobs at NJ Advance Media
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
NJ.com
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
South Jersey Times
The Jersey Journal
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
NJ.com Sections
N.J. News
Local News
N.J. Politics
Sports
High School Sports
Entertainment
Food & Recipes
Events
Business
Opinion
Jersey's Best
Legal Notices
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Special Sections
Local Life
Contribute to NJ.com
Submit an event
Follow Us
YouTube
Facebook
RSS
Twitter
Instagram
More on NJ.com
Place an ad
Sell your car
Post a job
Sell/rent your home
Apartments & rentals
Weather
Site map
Sponsor Content
Search
NJ.com Store
Archives
Newspaper stories and photos
Learn more about our newspapers
The Star-Ledger
The Times of Trenton
The Jersey Journal
South Jersey Times
Hunterdon County Democrat
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nj.com/sports/event-tickets/2024/11/bronny-james-in-the-g-league-where-to-buy-tickets-for-his-south-bay-lakers-debut.html 
 ----- 
