NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
In-depth features and exclusive intel from the best newsroom in sports.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Bucks get contributions across the board in much-needed win against Raptors
By Eric Nehm
Nov 13, 2024

10

MILWAUKEE — With Damian Lillard sidelined because of the concussion protocol, the Milwaukee Bucks would need to find enough offense to pull out a win over the Toronto Raptors on Tuesday night.

So they did their best to get the math in their favor by attempting 56 3-pointers and leaning on defensive pressure to force one of the league’s worst offenses into turnovers to grab a 99-85 win. The victory moved them to 3-8 on the season and put them atop the East Group B standings for the NBA Cup at 1-0.

How did they do it? One play midway through the third quarter encapsulates the Bucks’ approach.

While the Raptors did not have a great individual matchup for Giannis Antetokounmpo, they were not shy about sending as much help as possible at him to force the other Bucks to try to beat them, even if it meant leaving open looks to capable shooters.

With four minutes remaining in the third, and by the time Antetokounmpo brought the ball in transition following a Raptors turnover, Bucks sharpshooter AJ Green had already fired 10 3-pointers. He had knocked down two in a row a few minutes earlier, so Antetokounmpo went to him again.

As the Raptors slowed him, Antetokounmpo dribbled to his left and flipped a dribble handoff to Green, who was running to the middle of the floor. Raptors guard Jamal Shead tailed Green around Antetokounmpo’s screen and took away any chance at a good look. After one dribble, Green stopped on a dime and flipped a pass back to Antetokounmpo. After the pass, Green ran right back to Antetokounmpo, ready for another dribble handoff back to the left wing.

By the time Green got back to Antetokounmpo, the ball was gone; Antetokounmpo had already whipped it to the other side of the floor to Ryan Rollins for a 3 from the right wing.

“He flips it, sometimes. He throws wild passes, so you always gotta be ready,” Rollins said of Antetokounmpo’s fastball. “And I was ready, so it was good.”

 

Rollins wasn’t lying. He was not only ready for that pass on that play, but the Bucks’ two-way point guard was also prepared for the biggest opportunity in his NBA tenure as he was asked to make his first career start with Lillard out on Tuesday night.

“I was excited,” Rollins said. “It was the opportunity of a lifetime, so I just had to take advantage of it, for sure.”

In 22 minutes, Rollins tallied 12 points, five rebounds, three assists and five steals. Rollins’ 3 on the pass from Antetokounmpo ended up being his final offensive play of the night. Rollins had injured his left shoulder on defense the play before, swiping at a pass to Raptors big man Bruno Fernando and then fighting for a loose ball to force a turnover, but the Bucks two-way guard vowed to reporters that he would be ready to play on Wednesday vs. the Detroit Pistons.

The end-to-end play was a near-perfect summation of how the Bucks pulled out a win on Tuesday.

The Bucks did not have Lillard or Khris Middleton, who missed his 11th consecutive game recovering from offseason procedures on both ankles to start the season, and top free-agent signing Gary Trent Jr. played only six minutes as he returned from back spasms. Because of this, the Bucks tried to make things as simple as possible on both ends. On defense, they tried to get their hands on as many dribbles and passes as possible to force the turnover-prone Raptors to give up the ball. On offense, they tried to get into the paint and create open looks from 3.

The Basketball 100

The story of the greatest players in NBA history. In 100 riveting profiles, top basketball writers justify their selections and uncover the history of the NBA in the process.

Buy

They were overwhelmingly successful in each regard.

The Raptors committed 22 turnovers, tying the season-high for a Bucks opponent this season. Both Rollins and backup point guard Delon Wright came away with five steals apiece as the Bucks’ guards did their best to rack up deflections the entire night.

“I think that’s just how I play defense,” Rollins said. “I have long arms, so I just try to take advantage of that as much as possible, play in the passing lanes and just kind of knowing who the players are they’re trying to get the ball to and just stand up to them. It’s honestly just the read and the feel of the game.”

After a poor start to the season, Wright saw his playing time diminish as Doc Rivers decided to move Rollins ahead of him in the rotation. But with Lillard injured, Wright was back and responded in a major way, doing what he does best and turning defense into offense.

 

While the Bucks successfully did something they don’t often try on defense, they finally succeeded at something Rivers has claimed they have been trying to do on offense for much of the season: hoisting a ton of 3s.

“I think we gotta create better shots for them,” Rivers said, when asked about the team’s below-average 3-point percentage to start the season before Sunday’s game against the Celtics. “We are 24th or 26th in creating closeouts, which means we’re not doing a very good job of swinging the ball and attacking the paint and making plays for each other.

“The ball’s sticking a lot. We just got to get back to playing at a better pace. …We got two guys in the top five in 3-point shooting. And they’re not getting enough 3s up. And we’re not getting enough 3s up.”

Despite those pregame comments, the Bucks managed only 32 3-point attempts against the Celtics’ switching defense on Sunday.

On Tuesday, Milwaukee did a far better job hoisting 3s. The Bucks were 15th in 3-point rate, according to Cleaning the Glass, before Tuesday’s game. After attempting 56 3-pointers against the Raptors, the Bucks are now ninth in 3-point rate.

Some fans will be disappointed that Antetokounmpo, who averaged 21.2 field-goal attempts per game in his first nine games, took only 12 shots against Toronto. Rollins took as many shots as the two-time MVP, and Bobby Portis, Brook Lopez and Green all attempted more shots than he did. But it was clear from the start Antetokounmpo was going to do everything he could to get his teammates open looks. Antetokounmpo recorded only seven assists with the Bucks’ poor shooting performance — 40.4 percent from the field, 28.6 percent from 3 — but according to NBA.com’s tracking data, he tallied 22 potential assists against the Raptors.

Following the game, his teammates resoundingly agreed that his willingness to pass out of double teams and trust them would pay off for the Bucks in the long run.

“I think it makes us extremely hard to guard,” Green said. “We didn’t exactly shoot it great tonight, but we got a lot of great ones and that comes from him and his willingness to continue to make those passes. So we’re going to make those shots, all of us, and then hopefully he’ll have more space to get downhill and do his thing, so it kind of just works out for everybody.”

Dairy. Bird.#FearTheDeer | #NBA pic.twitter.com/6KbrOuBYx7

— FanDuel Sports Network Wisconsin (@FanDuelSN_WI) November 13, 2024

Rivers seemed to think the Bucks’ shot profile on Tuesday could work for them moving forward.

“One of the things we’ve been harping on is getting to the paint and creating more 3s,” Rivers said. “Well, we shot 56 of them tonight, and 50 of them were great shots. We just didn’t shoot them well. But, man, if we play like that every night and get those shots, we’re gonna be fine.”

In the end, all the Bucks did was beat the Raptors, a team expected to be among the worst in the Eastern Conference. Wins, however, have not come easy this season in Milwaukee, so the Bucks need not worry about the degree of difficulty of the win or what their strength of schedule looks like on Wednesday morning. It’s a win and they need all they can get at the moment.

But there can be no rest or relaxation, because they need to do it again Wednesday against the Detroit Pistons in an attempt to build their first winning streak of the season.

(Photo of Ryan Rollins: Gary Dineen / NBAE via Getty Images)

Eric Nehm is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Milwaukee Bucks. Previously, he covered the Bucks at ESPN Milwaukee and wrote the book "100 Things Bucks Fans Should Know & Do Before They Die." Nehm was named NSMA's 2022 Wisconsin Sports Writer of the Year. Follow Eric on Twitter @eric_nehm

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Your Privacy Choices
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5919108/2024/11/13/bucks-giannis-antetokounmpo-ryan-rollins/ 
 ----- 
