Skip to main content
Brew Hoop homepage
a Milwaukee Bucks community
Follow Brew Hoop online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Brew Hoop main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

BUCKS POSTGAME TAKEAWAYS
Bucks vs. Raptors: Back in the Win Column

Milwaukee kicks off the NBA Cup with a victory

By Gabe Stoltz  Nov 13, 2024, 8:15am CST  1 Comment / 1 New

If you buy something from an SB Nation link, Vox Media may earn a commission. See our ethics statement.

Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Gabe Stoltz has been on the Bucks beat since 2015, and since 2017 for Brew Hoop.

Read our full summary of the game here and catch a six-minute audio recap on the Bucks+ podcast Bucks In Six Minutes below.

What Did We Learn?

We learned what a starting lineup with Ryan Rollins looked like. In the midst of Damian Lillard being sidelined due to concussion protocol, Rollins received the nod from Doc Rivers and produced nicely. In 22 minutes of action, he converted on 4/7 from 3-point land, resulting in 12 points on the night. Ultimately, his time on the floor came to an abrupt end late in the third quarter when he was sidelined with Left Shoulder Instability. Additionally, he was a menace on the defensive side of the ball, forcing five steals. The fact that he was able to respond in such an emphatic manner on a relatively short notice is promising. Postgame in the locker room, he told us how he felt the trust that both the veterans and coaches have in him empowers his play.

Three Observations
AJ Green also made his presence felt.

As has become the theme for him this season, all 14 of his field goal attempts came from behind the 3-point line. He’s now shown multiple times that he’s able to provide a spark and ignite things in the blink of an eye. That was something that was needed in this one, especially with how a sharpshooter like Damian Lillard was sidelined. Then, on the other side of the ball, Green also got involved in the defensive statistics, earning two steals. It’s been fun seeing him take the next step in his development and continue to make an impact on this team.

The defense stood out in this one.

Ever since he arrived in Milwaukee, defense has been a priority for Doc Rivers. Last night, that was in full display, as the team tallied a season-high in steals, forcing 16 on the night. It seemed like on nearly possession, the Bucks were able to get their finger tips on the basketball and disrupt the flow of the Raptors offense. Additionally, rim protection showed up through blocked shots as well, led by none other than Giannis Antetokounmpo, who notched four on the evening. When that type of intensity is being exhibited by the Bucks, things are likely to pan out well on the defensive side of the ball.

The Bucks stumbled, but didn’t fall to start the third quarter.

In what has become a bit of a concerning trend to start the year, Milwaukee yet again came out of the gates a bit flustered in the second half. Postgame, Doc was asked about this and couldn’t find anything to attribute it to. However, after coughing up their lead, they responded in a way that righted the ship. It was promising to see them utilize the combination of defense and offense to help regain composure and their sustainability. That’s been a word that Doc has now thrown around a few times. He’s brought up how the guys just need to learn how to sustain their energy throughout the entirety of the game rather than letting their foot off the gas. Last night, they were able to get the job done in that facet of the game.

Bonus Bucks Bits
Delon Wright saw some minutes after not playing recently. In nearly 24 minutes of action, he went just 1/5 from the floor for two points. However, he was big on the defensive end, finishing with five steals in an excellent defensive effort.
Here’s an intriguing stat:
The 3-point disparity was wild in this one. 56 threes to 25 threes for the Raptors. That’s just one of those stat lines that pops out when looking at the box score.
Gary Trent Jr. also made a return to the lineup. He played just six minutes on the night, but Doc mentioned he was just dipping his toes back in the water. He’ll likely be used more against the Pistons.
That was one of the uglier games I remember watching, as the Raptors just looked completely stifled at times by the Bucks. It was truly a great defensive outing all-around by Milwaukee to really disorient them.
Milwaukee held Toronto to a season-low 85 points and an opponent-season-low 34.9% shooting from the field tonight. The Raptors, who entered tonight’s game 11th in the league in scoring, scored fewer than 100 points for the first time this season.
Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Bucks tonight with 23 points and seven assists. Antetokounmpo shot 75% from the field (9-12) in tonight’s game, marking his third time shooting 70% or better in a game this season. He’s now shooting a career-high 61.6% from the field this season and averaging a team-high 30.7 points per game.
Bobby Portis Jr. scored 17 points and hauled in eight rebounds off the bench for the Bucks tonight. He’s now scored 15+ points in four of his last five games and is averaging 15.2 points per game in that stretch. Overall, he’s scored 15+ points in six games this season and is averaging 12.4 points per game, the third-most on the Bucks behind Antetokounmpo and Damian Lillard.
Up Next

The Bucks will look to keep their winning streak alive tonight when they face the Detroit Pistons at Fiserv Forum. You can catch the action at 7 p.m. CDT on FanDuel Sports Network Wisconsin.

Support our site! | BreakingT | ESPN+ | ESPN+ 30 For 30 | fuboTV | Disney+

MORE FROM BREW HOOP
Bucks vs. Spurs: Giving Them the Boot
Rapid Recap: Bucks 121, Spurs 105
Bucks vs Spurs: Game Thread
Report: Khris Middleton to be removed from starting lineup
Milwaukee Bucks vs. San Antonio Spurs Preview: A clash of titans
Vote in the Brew Hoop Tuesday Tracker: Should the Bucks trade for Jimmy Butler?
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.brewhoop.com/2024/11/13/24295074/bucks-vs-raptors-game-review-takeaways-giannis-antetokounmpo-gradey-dick 
 ----- 
