Memphis Grizzlies News
Home
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Brad Penner-Imagn Images
Grizzlies’ Ja Morant After Win Over Lakers: ‘I Don’t Like Them’
Originally posted on Hoops Wire  |  By Sam Amico  |  Last updated Nov 7, 2024 11:09 AM ET

Ja Morant doesn’t forget. When the Lakers knocked his Grizzlies out of the 2023 playoffs, it left a mark.

And standing on the sideline last season, helpless as LeBron James threw down a windmill dunk, only added to that fire, as relayed by Damichael Cole of the Memphis Commercial Appeal. So when the Lakers rolled into FedExForum on Wednesday night, Morant brought the edge you’d expect from someone who holds receipts.

The Grizzlies’ 131-114 win wasn’t just about racking up another W. This was personal for Morant.

“I don’t like them,” he told reporters.

And he played like it, relentlessly attacking and taking it to a team that has haunted his playoff dreams. Morant punctuated a second-quarter score over Gabe Vincent with the “too little” gesture — a taunt that screamed he wasn’t backing down.

But LeBron, even at 39, doesn’t just let moments like that go unanswered. On the very next play, the Lakers’ legend muscled his way through Morant for a bucket, drawing contact and staring down the Grizzlies’ star as if to say, “Not so fast.”

It was a game with a playoff-like atmosphere, full of competitive jawing and statement plays.

For Morant and the Grizzlies, it was a reminder to the Lakers that they’re not the same team that folded last spring. For LeBron and company, it was a warning that even the young guns come ready with receipts. And for fans, it was everything you’d want from a midseason battle between two teams who don’t forget.

This article first appeared on Hoops Wire and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

76ers reveal bad injury news for rookie guard Jared McCain
Three Eastern Conference teams that will improve in the second half of the season
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
NBA Rumors: Suns, Jusuf Nurkic, Lakers, Austin Reaves, Bucks

Suns The Suns have one available first-round pick and three second-round picks. But the most significant asset could be Jusuf Nurkic, whose $18 million salary makes him a potential piece for any deal. However, any big move involving a star would require trading Bradley Beal, who is currently earning $50 million, and there’s the complication of his no-trade clause. The Suns made it clear that both Beal and Nurkic are no longer starting, signaling their intention to potentially move one or both players as trade options develop. ESPN’s Brian Windhorst has pointed out that Phoenix’s trade avenues may be limited, but their focus on a “stretch big man” remains clear. Basically, the Suns have the most stringent trade restrictions of any team in the modern era, but their pursuit of a deal isn’t off the table. They are said to have quietly shopped Beal, with whispers about potentially landing Jimmy Butler in a larger trade. The looming question for Phoenix is whether they can truly build around Kevin Durant, given that his contract expires after next season. Without a major shift, their window to contend could start closing fast. Lakers The Lakers have three tradable first-round picks and two second-round picks, giving them a decent arsenal for making a deal. They also have several midsize contracts that could be aggregated in a trade, including Gabe Vincent ($11 million), Rui Hachimura ($17 million), and the injured Jarred Vanderbilt ($12 million). But Windhorst points out that the Lakers’ flexibility on the trade market hinges on how willing they are to move key players like Austin Reaves, who’s having a career-best season. So far, the Lakers have shown no inclination to part with him, making their next trade more complex. Los Angeles did make a significant trade earlier this season, acquiring Dorian Finney-Smith, but the jury is still out on whether they’ll make another. Their primary need remains perimeter defense, but the question will be whether they can find a deal that improves that area without sacrificing their prized assets. Bucks Milwaukee is operating with a limited set of trade assets. They have one tradable first-round pick and one second-round pick, and their main salary assets include Brook Lopez ($23 million) on an expiring contract, Khris Middleton ($32 million), and Bobby Portis ($12.5 million), both of whom have player options next summer. As Windhorst highlights, the Bucks are well aware that they are up against second apron restrictions, meaning they’ll have to navigate the financial landscape carefully if they intend to swing a deal before the deadline. At any rate, Bucks GM Jon Horst has a long history of being aggressive at the trade deadline, and his efforts have made Milwaukee a more formidable contender in the past. This year, however, the Bucks’ financial restrictions complicate their ability to go after big names. Still, as Windhorst notes, the front office is actively looking for ways to upgrade, particularly in terms of perimeter defense. With Giannis Antetokounmpo entering the latter half of his prime, Milwaukee is in “win-now” mode, making a trade likely if it significantly enhances their championship chances.

NBA
Mavericks’ Jason Kidd drops encouraging Kyrie Irving injury update…
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NBA
Could family connection lead to Pistons assisting in Jimmy Butler trade?
NBA
Denver Nuggets Interested in Trade for Toronto Raptors Big Man
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NHL
Intriguing Trade Proposal Emerges Between Vancouver Canucks…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
NHL
Vancouver Canucks goalie Thatcher Demko breaks silence on…

Vancouver Canucks goaltender Thatcher Demko returned as the backup after missing two games due to injury. But in conversation with Sportsnet's Ian McIntyre, Demko says after such a long process rehabbing the knee injury that kept him out until early December, dealing with the back spasms that pushed him out recently feels like nothing. Demko's season so far, even beyond injuries, has been up to the high standard he has set for himself, but the 29-year-old says he expected some rust. He says coming back from such a serious injury is new territory for him, but he's confident that he's going to find his A-game again. "This is something I haven't really done before. It's a new path, a new challenge, I think. In some ways it's difficult to kind of put into words... It feels like all the pieces are there. I'm ready to kind of get back to how I was last year. I don't have a doubt that I'll be able to do that." Demko is 2-1-3 with an .881 save percentage since returning from injury in December, last season he posted a .918 save percentage. Thatcher Demko downplays rift Speaking to McIntyre, Demko also addressed the noise around the Canucks and more specifically, Elias Pettersson and J.T Miller. Trade rumors continue to swirl, and five teams could make a move for Pettersson. Although, the price could be quite high. The goaltender said he wanted to "tread lightly" but that he considered the issues to be less about what is supposedly happening in the Canucks dressing room, and more about the fact that the team is underachieving. "People probably wouldn't be talking about all the — quote, unquote — issues in the room if we were winning. So really, it's a winning and losing issue, not an issue of what's going on in the room." If that's the case, Demko getting his game back to where it was last season would go a long way to quieting the chatter.

Boxing
Ring generals: The 25 greatest pound-for-pound boxers of all time
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…

After missing a huge chunk of the campaign due to a hamstring injury, Dallas Cowboys cornerstone star Dak Prescott is expected to make a full recovery in time for the new season. At this point, however, it is unclear who will be behind him in the pecking order in 2025. Cooper Rush took over as Dallas' QB1 after Prescott suffered a season-ending injury in Week 9. Rush isn't exactly MVP material, but he did relatively well deputizing in Prescott's stead. Right now, though, there's a lot of uncertainty surrounding Rush's future in Dallas. The 31-year-old is set to be an unrestricted free agent this March and it remains to be seen if the Cowboys will offer him a contract extension. On Tuesday, the former Central Michigan standout took to Instagram to send a parting message after a memorable season. "Thanks to everyone for an unforgettable year 8," Rush wrote, sharing photos of some of his favorite moments from the past campaign. Prescott caught wind of Rush's post and the former just had to make his thoughts about his QB2 abundantly clear. "Red!! My (expletive) Guy!!! ♥️✊" Prescott wrote. Rush's other Cowboys teammates -- both past and present -- also jumped on the comments section to show their support. "Cold blooded coooop " responded Jalen Tolbert. "" wrote Terence Steele. "One of them" Tyler Smith reacted. "I see you coop!" Jalen Brooks said. "My guy," Brock Hoffman wrote. "My dawg Coop! " KaVontae Turpin responded. "Cooooooooop," posted Michael Gallup. It is clear that Prescott and the rest of his Cowboys teammates hold Rush in high regard. Whether or not this will have any impact on the team's decision on his future, however, is an altogether different matter.

NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…
20 NHL players from the 2000s you probably forgot about
Quiz
The 'Orange Bowl MVPs' quiz
NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future
NHL
Major announcement on the Coyotes' return as Quebec faces a new…
NFL
Falcons GM makes surprising Kirk Cousins admission
NFL
Bears Predicted to Flip $110M Playmaker for Top-5 Pick in NFL Draft
20 NHL players from the 1990s you probably forgot about
NHL
Bruins Sink To New Low In Loss To Lightning
College Football
No. 1 running back in transfer portal commits to college football…
NHL
Toronto Maple Leafs Prospect Officially Traded in Latest Deal

One prospect for the Toronto Maple Leafs has made a big showing this season in the OHL and it ended up with him being traded in order to help a playoff contender. There's a lot of talk regarding who the Toronto Maple Leafs are going to make a trade for to add to their big league club. It could be an elite centerman or a depth pivot, but as of now there's only speculation over what names are available. But not much noise has been made about Toronto's prospects beyond Fraser Minten and Easton Cowan. While Minten has shown he has the ability to play at the NHL level, he just needs a bit more time to find his footing. Cowan had a disappointing World Juniors but overall has enjoyed another fantastic season with the London Knights. There is one under the radar prospect though that has found his name in trade talks; at least in terms of the OHL. It didn't take long though for the forward to find himself on the move, as only hours after there were rumblings of a potential deal, McCue was officially traded to Flint. So what could be the reason why Sam McCue was traded? Sam McCue's Breakout Season An Asset For Flint Firebirds Drafted by the Maple Leafs in the 7th round of the 2024 NHL Entry Draft, McCue has quietly put together a solid campaign with 18 goals in 35 games, and keeps getting better each year he plays. Winning an OHL Championship with Peterborough in 2022-2023, he was then traded to Owen Sound where's he's been the last two seasons. The Attack are currently last in the West and while McCue's been great, it's a bit stifling to his progress. The 19-year old in his OHL career split with Peterborough and Owen Sound has 41 goals and 28 assists in 136 games. Going from last to sixth in the Western Conference is a huge upgrade and Flint could definitely use his offensive prowess, and while they've done well so far; adding McCue can only help things. There's no real shot that McCue makes the Maple Leafs anytime soon, however he does offer a lot of potential. He's solid both offensively and defensively, has good vision for both playmaking and scoring goals, is active with his checking and if he can work on his skating; might be a Matthew Knies-type breakout star.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More Grizzlies News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/grizzlies_ja_morant_after_win_over_lakers_i_dont_like_them/s1_17038_41193237 
 ----- 
