Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Brayan Rocchio’s game-winning single in 10th gives AL Central-leading Guardians a 5-4 win over Twins
1 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Brayan Rocchio is hugged by Will Brennan after hitting a walk-off single during the tenth inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

2 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Andres Gimenez scores a run on an RBI single by Brayan Rocchio during the tenth inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

3 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Josh Naylor runs the bases after hitting a solo home run off Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Bailey Ober during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

4 of 13 |  

Minnesota Twins shortstop Carlos Correa hits an RBI single during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. Willi Castro scored on the play.(AP Photo/David Dermer)

5 of 13 |  

Minnesota Twins first baseman Carlos Santana (30) pranks Cleveland Guardians’ Jose Ramirez after Ramirez hit a single during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

6 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians second baseman Andres Gimenez flips the ball to shortstop Brayan Rocchio to get out Minnesota Twins’ Carlos Correa during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

7 of 13 |  

Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Bailey Ober delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

8 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians starting pitcher Tanner Bibee (28) delivers during the first inning of a baseball game against the Minnesota Twins, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

9 of 13 |  

Minnesota Twins’ Carlos Correa hits into a fielders choice during the first inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

10 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians shortstop Brayan Rocchio misplays the ball hit by Minnesota Twins’ Carlos Correa during the first inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

11 of 13 |  

Minnesota Twins’ Carlos Correa reacts after hitting an RBI single during the tenth inning of a baseball game against the Cleveland Guardians, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

12 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians’ Andres Gimenez steals second base beating a tag by Minnesota Twins second baseman Brooks Lee during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

13 of 13 |  

Cleveland Guardians second baseman Andres Gimenez dives to field a ball hit by Minnesota Twins’ Carlos Correa during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)

BY  BRIAN DULIK
Updated 2:53 AM UTC, September 19, 2024
Share

CLEVELAND (AP) — Brayan Rocchio singled in Andrés Giménez with the winning run as the AL Central-leading Cleveland Guardians scored three times in the 10th inning to beat the Minnesota Twins 5-4 on Wednesday night, reducing their magic number for clinching a playoff berth to one.

Kyle Manzardo and Will Brennan had RBI singles off Ronny Henriquez (1-1) before Michael Tonkin entered and gave up Rocchio’s second career walk-off hit, a chopper to right through a drawn-in infield.

“It’s awesome being with all these guys on the team,” Rocchio said. “That’s a special moment for me. I talked to (manager Stephen) Vogt before the game and he told me, ‘Hey, today you have a chance to win the game,’ and you saw what happened.”

The Guardians, who now have a major league-leading 41 comeback victories this season, can lock up a postseason spot Thursday with a win over Minnesota.

Josh Naylor hit a pair of solo homers and scored three times for Cleveland, which leads the division by six games over Kansas City with nine games remaining. Naylor’s first shot was a 445-foot rocket to right-center, giving him his initial 30-homer season.

RELATED STORIES
D-backs acquire 1B Josh Naylor from Guardians, who fill gap by adding Carlos Santana, AP source says
Carlos Santana returns to Cleveland on 1-year deal, first baseman's third stint with Guardians
Guardians trade Gold Glove 2B Andrés Giménez to Blue Jays, get RHP Luis Ortiz in deal with Pirates

“The biggest game of the year and look what we do,” Brennan said. “The youngest guys on the team get it done. These guys are so prepared, it’s unbelievable.”

The Twins took a 4-2 lead in the top of the 10th on Carlos Correa’s two-run single off Hunter Gaddis (5-3). Correa finished with four RBIs and extended his hitting streak to 16 games, matching his career high with Houston in 2019.

“I was excited about that at-bat and it was a good moment, but it wasn’t good enough,” said Correa, who is batting .377 with five homers and 15 RBIs in his last 17 games. “You just have to keep fighting. It’s a tough sport.”

Twins right-hander Bailey Ober struck out a career-high 12 over seven innings, but remained winless in seven starts since Aug. 9. He allowed two runs without issuing a walk.

With the loss, Minnesota’s lead over Detroit for the final AL wild-card position was sliced to one half a game. The Twins own the tiebreaker over the Tigers and the clubs are done with their season series.

“We had some guys do some pretty great things out there, but it probably hurts more because we’re fighting for everything right now,” Minnesota manager Rocco Baldelli said.

Guardians starter Tanner Bibee worked 6 2/3 innings and gave up two runs. The right-hander is 2-0 with a 1.82 ERA in four games against Minnesota this season.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Twins: OF Trevor Larnach (hamstring), who has a career-high 15 homers, served as the designated hitter for his sixth game in a row. Baldelli said Larnach should return to his regular spot in left field before the start of the postseason.

Guardians: RHP Alex Cobb (right third finger blister), who is eligible to come off the injured list on Sept. 24, will determine whether he throws a simulated game or makes a start for Triple-A Columbus. “Really, Alex is driving the bus on this,” Vogt said.

UP NEXT

Twins RHP Simeon Woods Richardson (5-5, 4.08 ERA) faces Guardians LHP Joey Cantillo (2-3, 4.99 ERA) in the four-game series finale Thursday.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Man who fatally stabbed attack er on NYC subway won't be charged, prosecutor says
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Who Is Overcharging You For Car Insurance In Iowa? (Check zip)
BetterBuck
Advertisement:
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Instantly Lookup Anyone's Home Value by Address (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Iowa Launches New Coverage For Cars Used Less Than 49/...
BetterBuck
Advertisement:
Learn More
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
Biden climate adviser says Califo rnia wildfires show 'you have t...
A top adviser to President Joe Biden says the deadly wildfires in the Los Angeles...
AP News
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simula...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/twins-guardians-score-cb19462f4d0652f6799b22b30297f003 
 ----- 
