SBS
SBS Language
Menu
Advertisement
'Whoever wins, it’s a win for us,’ say Australian-Pakistani cricket fans ahead of T20 World Cup semi-final
Born in Pakistan, living in Australia, many migrant cricket fans find it hard to choose between their country of birth and residence as they gear up to enjoy a game that binds both together.

Australian-Pakistani migrant Asad Khan in his custom-made T-Shirt with the colours of both countries. Source: Supplied by Danish Naqash

HIGHLIGHTS
Pakistan face Australia in the second ICC T20 World Cup semi-final on 12 November
Large number of Australian-Pakistanis to support both teams
Special screening arrangements being made across Australia, fans of both teams to watch together
After winning against the West Indies, Australia has qualified for the second semi-final of the ICC T20 World Cup in which they will play against Pakistan on 12 November at Dubai.


While Australia and Pakistan prepare to contest against each other, a large number of Australian-Pakistani cricket fans, not taking sides, are gearing up to support both teams, saying “whoever qualifies for the final, it’s a win for us”. 


Arrangements are afoot to watch the match with supporters of both teams.


Not choosing between his country of birth and residence, Asad Khan’s support is for both Australia and Pakistan. He has especially ordered a custom-made T-Shirt representing the colours of both countries which he will wear while watching the clash.


Mr Khan thinks that just as the Australian team has performed well in the previous matches, they know how to perform under pressure.


But whoever wins, “the trophy is coming home” for Mr Khan and he will support the winning team with the same zeal in the final.
Special screening arrangements are done for semi final between Australia and Pakistan on 11th November 2021. Source: Supplied by Danish Naqash
Arif Zuberi has called Australia home for more than three decades.


One of the few Pakistani-Australians to have watched the 1992 World Cup final between Pakistan and England live at the Melbourne Cricket Ground, he has witnessed the then cricket captain and current prime minister of Pakistan, Imran Khan, lift the trophy.


Mr Zuberi gets emotional while telling that story.


“Back in the '90s, there were no mobile phones but we still managed to put together a team of volunteers which made hundreds of Pakistani flags.


“We arranged the fabric for the flags overnight and sewed them ourselves. The atmosphere was phenomenal in 1992,” he recalls.


Comparing that experience with the current World Cup, Mr Zuberi says that back then, everyone was focused on the match but nowadays, the youth is busy taking selfies and making videos rather than enjoying the match.
Arif Zubairi (Left in glasses) watched the final of 1992 world cup between Pakistan and England at MCG, Australia. Source: Supplied by Arif Zubairi
Imran Ali Lakhani was born in Pakistan, but his support goes to Australia in this semi-final, even though “the Pakistani team is close to his heart,” he tells SBS Urdu.


Mr Lakhani believes Australia can win this match.


To support his belief, he cites the example of New Zealand, which won all group matches in the 1992 World Cup but lost the semi-final to Pakistan. Comparing New Zealand with Pakistan, he says the latter’s winning streak throughout the group matches doesn’t guarantee a victory in the semi-final.


Danish Naqash is an active member of Pakistani community groups in Australia and has been arranging group viewings of cricket matches at his place. Recently, he also organised a gathering of Indian and Pakistani cricket fans during the first group match between the two South Asian neighbours.


He tells SBS Urdu that he is supporting Pakistan in the semi-final and keeping in view their recent performance, he is confident they will win.


Mr Naqash also runs a Facebook page for locals of Pakistani heritage, named Pakistani Community in Australia, on which he has started a poll to gauge support for both the teams.


Around 2,500 Australian-Pakistani Facebook users participated in the poll, out of which a majority supported Pakistan.


While Mr Naqash too wants Pakistan to win but says he will “still be happy” if Australia won.
Polls are created in the community groups to show support to the teams. Source: PCIA Facebook page
Salma Talib was born in the UK and now lives in Australia. She found love for cricket when she spent three years in Pakistan as a child.


After watching her brothers play cricket on Pakistan’s streets and rooftops, which is a very common sight there, her interest in cricket grew. Now she calls herself “a diehard fan of Pakistani cricket”.


“I have always supported the Pakistani cricket team even when they played against my home country, England,” Ms Talib’s tells SBS Urdu. 


Sydneysiders like Syed Ali Ahmed plan to watch the match at The Star in Sydney, replete with Pakistani flags and team T-Shirts, in the company of Australian and Pakistani supporters.


The first semi-final is scheduled for 11 November between England and New Zealand in Abu Dhabi while the final will be played between the winners of both semi-finals on 14 November in Dubai. In Australia, all matches are telecast from 1 am AEST. 


Listen to Urdu Podcasts on Spotify Podcast, Apple Podcasts,  Google Podcast, Stitcher Podcast
Learn How to Bookmark SBS URDU’s website or make it your home page.
SBS Urdu is broadcast every Wednesday and Sunday at 6 PM (AEST).
How to Listen
COVID 19 Latest Updates in Urdu
Install “SBS Radio” mobile app 
 


 


 


SHARE
5 min read
Published 10 November 2021 3:43pm
Updated 10 November 2021 4:47pm
By Afnan Malik

Share this with family and friends

Copy link
Share
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sbs.com.au/language/urdu/en/article/whoever-wins-its-a-win-for-us-say-australian-pakistani-cricket-fans-ahead-of-t20-world-cup-semi-final/yta5i4vj7 
 ----- 
