Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Miami Heat
TICKETS
PREMIUM
TEAM
SCHEDULE
MEDIA
COMMUNITY
HEAT NATION
SHOP
KASEYA CENTER
SEARCH
Coup’s Notebook Vol. 77: Nikola Jovic Plays Connect Four, Pelle Larsson Cuts To The Front Of The Line And Bam Adebayo Is Ready To Shoot
Couper Moorhead
October 14, 202412:53 PM EDT

The Miami HEAT are 1-1 in preseason with a home back-to-back and a final road trip before the real thing begins. As always, here are the thing we’ve been noting and noticing.

CONNECT FOUR

Erik Spoelstra has used that word, connector, several times already this preseason when asked to speak on third year forward Nikola Jovic. It may be a word that’s become a bit overused in the NBA lexicon these days in the same Glue Guy became overused a decade ago, but in this case it feels intentional from Spoelstra. Between Terry Rozier, Tyler Herro, Jimmy Butler, Bam Adebayo and Jaime Jaquez Jr. the HEAT may have more shot creators on this roster than they’ve ever had in the Butler era. It’s Jovic who is being positioned to bring all those components together, to help build something fast and fluid and efficient both in the open floor and the halfcourt, to try and make those players something more than just the sum of their parts.

“That’s what they want me to do,” Jovic said. “They want me to help this team get some easy buckets and that’s what I’m trying to do.”

We’re in the early stages for this starting group that never played together last year – Herro, Rozier, Butler and Adebayo combined for 118 minutes as a four-man group – and we’re not going to spend too much time breaking down the actions they’re running yet despite Spoelstra clearly designing certain actions to get Rozier and Herro using their speed in either tandem or succession. It’s clear, though, that the intention is for that group to play faster. Granted a coach wanting his team to play faster during preseason is one of the most common stories in the league and most of the time it doesn’t pan out too much at all. Players typically end up playing the speed they’re meant to play at.

What may be different here is Jovic, a player who can not only try to play fast – at times Sunday it certainly felt as though the starters were almost trying too hard, their revolutions per minute exceeding the actual gear they were – but process fast. Since Jovic joined the starters late last season he’s made umpteen passes where the ball was only in his hands for a split second before finding an open shooter.

Take this play from Sunday, for example.

As Adebayo comes up with the ball, Jovic fills the middle lane and makes himself available. The moment Jovic catches the ball he isn’t looking at the rim or immediately putting the ball on the deck, his head is already turned to the other side of the floor. Jovic touches the ball quite literally for less than a second and Miami gets an open three. Note, too, the way Butler clears the middle and overloads the weakside to create the lane for Jovic to operate in.

There was also this transition play, Jovic controlling a steal on the baseline and immediately pushing up the floor to manufacture an advantage scenario out of what could have otherwise been a non-opportunity.

“I think I’m really good at it,” Jovic said. “I think I can find a good solution in transition.”

“I expect Niko to have one or two triple doubles,” Adebayo said. “He pushes the pace, we get out and run. Obviously he can make the right play every time.”

Don’t expect the HEAT to suddenly become the Indiana Pacers. For as much emphasis as Spoelstra appears to be putting on pace, it reads less like a revolutionary overhaul of the offense – something he’s already said isn’t happening – and more a plucking of low hanging fruit. Miami’s offense wasn’t very good last year, no doubt, but it was their transition efficiency that ranked in the lower third in the league while their halfcourt efficiency hovered around league average. Juice those transition numbers just a little bit and suddenly you’ll have yourself, at worst, a league average offense. The defense, also deserving of some questioning on a team level given the personnel projected to be in the rotation, needs to hold up and shooting is requisite, but if Jovic holds up his end of the bargain on that side of the floor and his shot remains what it has been then the offseason tinkering and time spent at camp will have produced meaningful gains.

The HEAT don’t necessarily have to play with greater pace, they just have to play at pace better to be a better offensive team. For all the shot-creating options they have, Jovic and his high-speed work may be the conductor this orchestra needs.

IT’S TIME

This time it really looks like Adebayo is going to shoot threes.

In the Red, White and Pink game, Adebayo shot 5-of-11 from three. In his first preseason game, he shot 2-of-5. In his second preseason game, he shot 0-of-2. If this is all just an incredibly elaborate bit then it’s an incredible work by all, but where Adebayo has previously played around with range in preseasons before it never quite felt like he was fully committed to it. That’s not the case this time around as Adebayo is already showing how he’s honored his annual tradition of finding a way to get 10 percent better.

“For us, to try and grow this game, grow our success, it’s better for us to space the floor,” Adebayo said.

Adebayo isn’t wrong, but it’s also been too much to ask of him in the past because the ask wasn’t realistic. He was never going to flip a switch one day and become a lights out shooter. It was always going to happen organically, little by little, bit by bit. He needed those preseason experiments because it showed – as our eyes saw during the little bits we saw of practices in those times – that he was working on it. He also needed to start slowly, taking a few here and there down the stretch of last season, with more falling than you might expect. Maybe that end of season confidence boost helped, too, because here we are and it’s happening in earnest.

“It’s the versatility that is going to help our offense,” Spoelstra said. “Him being able to stretch out to the three and space the floor helps us. His confidence has grown.”

The question has always been less whether or not Adebayo can shoot the three, more whether he can shoot it well enough and often enough for defenses to respect the shot, for the shot to create the spacing it is intended to create. Adebayo taking open threes the defense is giving him and making them at a below average rate was never going to make much of an offensive impact. To be fair, we aren’t even at that point yet, just two games into preseason. The volume feels as though it’s coming, though, and you can’t start anywhere but with volume. At volume you prove yourself. At volume defenses decide whether it’s worth defending you or not.

“His confidence is only going to grow from here,” Spoelstra said. “Some games it’ll be five to seven attempts, some games it might only be two.”

All there is left to do is see what happens. Results aren’t guaranteed. There’s a version of this story where Adebayo doesn’t shoot the three well enough and Miami ends up with some empty possessions during important spots in the playoffs – which arguably happened last year against Boston when the injured HEAT were looking for any offense they could find. There’s a version where he’s immediately above league average and defenses start jumping out at him and suddenly there are driving lanes he’s never seen before. There’s also the most likely version somewhere in the middle, some good games and some not so good, the percentages taking time, even a full season, to get to where they need to be. Chris Bosh shot 28 percent in his first season taking around a three per game and 34 percent the next season when his volume exploded – Miami was in the Finals both season – only hitting 37 and 36 percent in his final two seasons.

Remember, too, that it was in 2012 when Bosh returned from injury during the Eastern Conference Finals and hit a career high 3-of-4 in Game 7 against Boston. Remember, too, that Dwyane Wade didn’t hit a three for literal months before canning two in Game 6 against Charlotte in 2016. The big picture, top level impact of Adebayo stretching out his game matters a ton for a team that needs every offensive gain it can find, but simply being able to do something with a level of confidence matters, too. Whether Adebayo truly stretches out his game like Bosh or a Marc Gasol is one thing, but having the option is a value in itself. That’s how you save a game against Detroit at the last second.

This time, it all seems for real, and it’s happening at exactly the time it’s supposed to – when the player is ready.

LEARN THE NAME

Miami’s draft and scouting group has done such a strong and consistent job over the years that the moment they select a player in the draft there is an immediate reappraisal of the player in the question. What do they see? What do they know? What did we miss?

Mileage around the league may vary as to the accuracy of that statement, but at the very least it happens enough in media circles to know it happens. When the right team takes interest in what looked like the wrong player, you have to consider whether it was you who got it wrong. There’s plenty of supporting evidence outside of the Top 10 in the draft.

So, when the HEAT selected Pelle Larsson with the No. 44 pick in the 2024 NBA Draft, we should have already known. They don’t throw away second round picks. They find value, they find guys who fit what they want to do and they find guys who give a damn. The selection alone should have told you something.

Even if none of the above were true, even if the HEAT didn’t have the draft reputation they already have, Larsson has done nothing but validate the pick. As with everything on October 13 it’s all early stages. Opportunities haven’t been plentiful, but there have been some, Larsson stepping in for an injured Jaquez Jr. with the second unit in Miami’s preseason opener. He’s only taken a handful of shots, going 4-of-5 with two threes against Charlotte and 1-of-6 with no threes against New Orleans, but until given a reason to believe otherwise we’re operating from the point of view that Larsson will be able to shoot and his defense – he’s a far more physical player than you might guess based on the reputation most collegiate shooters get – will eventually hold up as playable, at least relative to what you expect from a rookie.

As with Jovic, where you assume the shooting and defense to get to the impact of his pace and playmaking, with Larsson you accept the fundamental necessities for the time being so we can focus on what is really popping, and that is his off-ball movement.

From Ghost Cuts to Slot Cuts, Spoelstra teams have long emphasized moving without the ball. Some players take to it quicker than others, but even those who eventually excel at executing Spoelstra’s read-and-react flow are still looking at the screen and seeing the code. Far fewer can sit down in front of that black and green screen and see The Matrix, the woman in the red dress and the man in a suit standing in her place a moment later. Larsson might be one of those few.

“We try to work on it all the time because Jimmy is brilliant with it,” Spoelstra said of his players cutting. “Where you make a play out of nothing without the ball. The ball finds energy, right, it finds it when you have the timing and spatial awareness for when there is a weakness in the defense off the ball. This league, there’s so many opportunities off the ball but you have to have the right mindset for that, the timing and the feel for it. Some of the guys we’ve been able to help teach that [to] but ultimately the best cutters it’s not something you can teach, it’s something you just feel and [Larsson] has a similar feel to Jimmy.

“Pelle has a really good knack and feel for that and that’s why it allows him to play with different units.”

Larsson was back with the developmental players against Charlotte – he previously said it took a little adjusting to playing with Kevin Love’s five-out bench unit having never played with a volume shooting center like that – and early in his shift he made beautiful sideline cut, from between the slot and the corner, into the paint.

Then on the last possession of the game, with Miami’s playcall going nowhere special, Larsson unleashes the exact same cut to bail out the play.

“Our whole offense is reads of cuts and screens for each other,” Larsson said. “That’s all we’re working on right now. That fits me. A lot of movement, a little bit similar to the European style.”

The best players have systems built around them. Most others join a team and have to adjust their games to fit those systems. Larsson appears to be the rare player who may not have to fit in at all, who arrives to a system tailor made to accentuate his skillset.

“I think it’s great homework from their part drafting me. I kind of just fit right into their style of play,” Larsson said.

The path ahead remains long, of course. Larsson isn’t guaranteed anything. The shooting has to be there, the defense is a requirement. It’s not difficult to see a similar path to the one Josh Richardson took nine years ago when he bounced between the main roster and Sioux Falls before taking on full rotation minutes in the second half of the season. If Miami stays healthy enough then maybe the same opportunity never presents itself.

For now, it’s only clear that Larsson belongs with this group, that there’s enough here to make you wonder at some point down the road how he fell to where he fell. For now, at the very least, you should learn his name.

TIDBITS

-Last year Miami opened their preseason against the Charlotte Hornets with a pace of 110.5, a number which dropped to 100.5 in their second game. This year Miami opened their preseason, again against Charlotte, with a pace of 105.5 that dropped to 101.5 in their second game including a noteworthy drop specifically among the starting group. There’s a lot more to pace than just the pace statistic, of course, and once we get into the regular season we’ll have access to more offensive specific pace numbers, including ways to remove possessions that start with a turnover.

Tags
CoupWords
Notebook
BAM ADEBAYO
NIKOLA JOVIĆ
PELLE LARSSON
TICKETS
All Ticket Plans
Single Game Tickets
Theme Nights & Offers
HEAT Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Group Tickets
SCHEDULE
Schedule & Scores
Road Rally Schedule
TEAM
Team Roster
Team Leaders
Game Notes
MEDIA
Team News
Videos
Photos
SHOP
New Arrivals
Men
Women
Jerseys
Headwear
HEAT NATION
HEAT App
HEAT Dancers
Burnie ‑ HEAT Mascot
HEAT Entertainment
Email Sign Up
HEAT Group Careers
Contact Us
Do Not Sell My Information
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/heat/news/coup-notebook-77-jovic-larsson-adebayo 
 ----- 
