Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Jimmy Butler
"Got more than enough money" - Miami Heat's $146.4 million superstar willing to sacrifice financial gain to win first ring
"Got more than enough money" - Miami Heat's $146.4 million superstar willing to sacrifice financial gain to win first ring
By
Tristan Rawcliffe
Modified Oct 14, 2024 09:19 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Miami Heat's $146.4 million superstar willing to sacrifice financial gain to win first ring (Image Credit: Sam Navarro-Imagn Images)

Superstar forward Jimmy Butler's regular-season availability has been a point of contention over his first five seasons with the Miami Heat. However, according to the six-time All-Star, he's willing to make whatever sacrifices it takes to help his team win the 2025 NBA championship.

Since joining Miami in 2019, Butler has appeared in fewer than 60 games in three of five seasons, peaking at 64 contests in the 2022-23 campaign. While he often paces himself for the playoffs, his repeated absences have seemingly hurt the Heat's Eastern Conference seeding.

After leading Miami to an unexpected 2023 NBA Finals appearance, Butler suited up in only 60 games last season. The Heat placed eighth in the East (46-36), suffering a gentleman's sweep against the eventual NBA champion Boston Celtics in the 2024 playoffs' first round.

Trending

Despite playing it safe, Butler missed the entire series after suffering a right knee MCL sprain in the play-in tournament. Afterward, many speculated that Miami could have faced a more favorable Round 1 postseason opponent had he given more effort in the regular season.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

However, Butler seemingly plans to make it up to his critics. Following Saturday's practice, he noted that being consistently available for his squad is one of his priorities entering this season.

"I want to play as many games as possible," Butler said. "I'll leave it at that. I don't need to put a number on the amount of games that I play. I know the more games that I play, the more opportunities that my squad has of winning. I do know that."

Butler added that he is more focused on winning his first title than earning a significant payday. The five-time All-NBA selectee is in the second year of the three-year, $146.4 million contract extension he signed in 2021.

After this season, he has a $52.4 million player option for the 2025-26 campaign that he is expected to decline to become a free agent next offseason.

"If we're being brutally honest, no matter what, nothing I do now is going to get me paid any more money," Butler said. "Even though I don't care about the money. All-NBA, dah, dah, dah, dah, none of that is going to matter. I'm at a point right now that I've got more than enough money. I'm just here to win."
Expand Tweet

Per Spotrac, Butler has earned $263.2 million over his first 13 seasons. Meanwhile, he has made two finals appearances, both with Miami, in 2020 and 2023.

Also Read: "Doing wrestling moves on people" - Jimmy Butler calls out Kelly Oubre Jr. for ending his 2023-24 NBA season

Jimmy Butler making presence felt for Miami in preseason amid pledge to make sacrifices for NBA title pursuit

While the 2024-25 regular season has yet to commence, Jimmy Butler appears to be demonstrating his newfound commitment during preseason.

After sitting out all last year's preseason, Butler has suited up in Miami's first two preseason outings this year. He has logged 33 minutes across two appearances, in line with the rest of the Heat's starters.

So, Butler doesn't appear to be getting any preferential treatment thus far. However, time will tell whether he can maintain his dedication throughout the regular season's 82-game grind.

Also Read: ESPN insider names $48 million Miami NBA star as most likely player to get traded this season: "Has a history of uncomfortable exits"

Miami Heat Nation! You can check out the latest Miami Heat Schedule and dive into the Heat Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Miami Heat Jimmy Butler NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Eastern Conference Jimmy Butler Contract
Edited by Tristan Rawcliffe
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-got-enough-money-miami-heat-s-146-4-million-superstar-willing-sacrifice-financial-gain-win-first-ring 
 ----- 
