 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Obituaries
Obituary Writer
Memorials
Sports
Opinion
Jim Beam Columns
Scooter Hobbs Columns
Jim Gazzolo Columns
Health
Services
About Us
Buy Photos
Classifieds
Jobs/Recruiting
E-Edition
Contests
Celebrations
Engagements
Weddings
Anniversaries
Graduations
Submit Announcement
Cheryl  Rougeou Carter 

Published 5:00 am Friday, October 11, 2024

By obitsamericanpress

Cheryl Rougeou Carter, 78, a current resident of Mandeville, La., native of Westlake, La. , passed from this life on Oct. 9, 2024.  Cheryl was a resident of Moss Bluff before moving to Mandeville to be near her two sons.  She graduated from Sulphur High School in 1964 and McNeese State University, where she graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Education.  She taught at Washington Marion High School and Sam Houston High School and earlier opened the first day care center in Westlake, Little Britches Nursery.  She was a member of the Baptist faith.

Mrs. Cater leaves to cherish her memory her three children, Rusty Rougeou and wife, Denise, of Madisonville, La.; Robin Shuler and husband, Daniel, of Anacoco, La., and Andy Rougeou and wife, Toni, of Luling, La.; her sister, Gay Nell Porter of Virginia Beach, Va.; her seven grandchildren, Lewie, Danielle, Krista, Michael, Mallory, Quinn, and Graham; eight great-grandchildren, Mackenzie, Ryatt, Felix, Charlotte, Alexander, Elizabeth, Levi, and Ember.

Cheryl is preceded in death by her husband, Lewis C. Rougeou Jr. and parents, Bill and Flora Hellen Chapman. 

Email newsletter signup
Sign up for our daily email newsletter

The family will receive friends on Monday, Oct. 14, 2024, from 11 a.m. until 1 p.m. in the Chapel of Lakeside Funeral Home.  Funeral Services will be held at 1 p.m. in the chapel of Lakeside Funeral Home.  Burial will follow at Masonic Cemetery in DeQuincy, La.

MORE OBITUARIES
Henry Skipper 
Frank Anthony LaBarbera 
Gwendolyn Bridges Axtle 
Joseph Alcede III
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
NBA Best Bets: Heat vs. Pelicans Picks for January 1

The New Orleans Pelicans (5-28) visit the Miami Heat (16-14) after losing 14 straight road games. The Heat…

How to Watch the NBA Today, January 1

Today’s NBA schedule has eight exciting matchups in store. Among them is the Dallas Mavericks playing the Houston…

NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, January 1

Today’s NBA schedule has plenty of exciting matchups on the docket. Among those contests is the Orlando Magic…

Heat vs. Pelicans Prediction & Picks: Line, Spread, Over/Under – January 1

The New Orleans Pelicans (5-28) will look to end a 10-game losing streak when they visit the Miami…

How to Watch Top 25 Women’s College Basketball Games – Wednesday, January 1

The Michigan Wolverines versus the UCLA Bruins is one of eight games on the college basketball schedule on…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Special Sections
Sections
Home
News
Obituaries
Memorials
Sports
Opinion
Health
Small Business
Jobs/Recruiting
Celebrations
Services
About Us
Subscriptions
Copyright
© 2025, American Press
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.americanpress.com/2024/10/11/cheryl-rougeou-carter/ 
 ----- 
