English
Home / News / Sports News / Zimbabwe pacer Richard Ngarava completes 50 ODI wickets: Key stats
Next Article
Zimbabwe pacer Richard Ngarava has raced to 50 ODI wickets (Photo credit: X/@ICC)
Zimbabwe pacer Richard Ngarava completes 50 ODI wickets: Key stats
By
Rajdeep Saha
Jan 06, 2024
04:14 pm
What's the story

Zimbabwe pacer Richard Ngarava has raced to 50 ODI wickets. Ngarava achieved the milestone in the first ODI match versus Sri Lanka in Colombo on Saturday.

Playing his 42nd ODI, Ngarava got two breakthroughs inside the first powerplay to reach the landmark.

Ngarava made his ODI debut versus Afghanistan in 2017. Since 2020, he has become a prominent figure in Zimbabwe's ODI XI.

Bowling

Ngarava gets Fernando and Samarawickrama's scalps

Ngarava handed his side the perfect start when he sent the returning Avishka Fernando for a duck in the first over.

He bowled a nice length delivery and got the ball to shape away with a bit of extra bounce.

Fernando was caught off guard and he nicked the ball.

Ngarava dismissed the dangerous Sadeera Samarawickrama (41) in the ninth over.

You're
33%
through

Bowling

Decoding his ODI numbers (bowling)

Ngarava owns 50 ODI scalps from 40 innings. He averages over 33 in ODIs at the moment. His economy rate is above five.

Playing his fifth match versus the Lankans, Ngarava has nine scalps.

As per ESPNcricinfo, 31 of his ODI scalps have come at home. Meanwhile, he owns 19 wickets in away matches (home of opposition).

He owns 10 scalps in Asia.

You're
66%
through

Information

Ngarava's numbers in List A cricket

Playing his 74th match in List A cricket, Ngarava has raced to 90 scalps. He averages around the 30 mark and his economy rate is slightly above five. Meanwhile, the pacer also has 70 First-Class and 81 career T20 scalps.

Done!
Related News
Latest
Zimbabwe Cricket Team
Sri Lanka Cricket Team
Cricket News
Latest
'Kesari Veer'—Suniel Shetty trains in weaponry for 14th-century ruler role
Sooraj Pancholi
Microsoft to lay off underperforming employees in workforce restructuring move
Microsoft
Why Bezos-owned Washington Post is axing 4% of its workforce
Jeff Bezos
Own Google Pixel 4a? You may be entitled to compensation
Google
Indian Premier League (IPL)
Celebrity
Hollywood
Bollywood
UEFA Champions League
Tennis
Football
Smartphones
Cryptocurrency
Upcoming Movies
Premier League
Cricket News
Latest automobiles
Latest Cars
Upcoming Cars
Latest Bikes
Upcoming Tablets
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Ethical Conduct
Grievance Redressal
News
News Archive
Topics Archive
Download DevBytes
Find Cricket Statistics
Follow us on
All rights reserved © NewsBytes 2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newsbytesapp.com/news/sports/richard-ngarava-gets-to-50-odi-scalps/story 
 ----- 
