skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Wednesday, Jan 01, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Happy New Year
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketSri Lanka vs Afghanistan Highlights, 2nd T20: Angelo Mathews fires with bat and ball as SL muscle AFG by 72 runs to clinch series
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Highlights, 2nd T20: Angelo Mathews fires with bat and ball as SL muscle AFG by 72 runs to clinch series
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan 2nd T20 Highlights: Angelo Mathews fired 42 runs with the bat before snapping two wickets in the powerplay to put the hosts in a driving seat.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: February 19, 2024 23:57 IST
Follow Us
SL vs AFG Live Score, 2nd T20: Catch all the live updates from Rangiri Dambulla International Stadium in Dambulla.

SL vs AGF 2nd T20 Highlights: Powered by an all-round bowling performance with Angelo Mathews, Binuro Fernando, Wanindu Hasaranga and Matheesha Pathirana nabbing two wickets each, Sri Lanka beat Afghanistan by 72 runs in the second T20I and clinched the series.

Earlier, Having lost the toss and being put in to bat first, powered by Sadeera Samarawickrama’s fifty and Angelo Mathews’ neatly compiled 42, Sri Lanka finished at 187/6 against Afghanistan in Dambulla.

Sri Lanka had won the one-off test, and swept the one-day international series 3-0. In the first T20I match, Matheesha Pathirana and Binura Fernando’s brilliant death over bowling had helped Sri Lanka to beat Afghanistan by four runs. Pathirana bowled the 19th over and took two wickets and allowed only three runs. He was named man of the match.

Follow SL vs AFG highlights below

Match Ended
Afghanistan tour of Sri Lanka, 2024 - 2nd T20I
Sri Lanka
187/6 (20.0)
vs
Afghanistan
115 (17.0)
Match Ended ( Day - 2nd T20I )
Sri Lanka beat Afghanistan by 72 runs
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Highlights: Follow SL vs AFG highlights from Dambulla
22:16 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Pathirana strikes, SL win!

Matheesha Pathirana to Naveen-ul-Haq, cleaned up! Afghanistan have a ninth wicket. It's taken some time but Sri Lanka's win has been on the horizon for quite a while. 

And it's the slinga who strikes again to complete the inevitable. Fazalhaq Farooqi is caught by Dasun Shanaka and Sri Lanka have won the 2nd T20I by 72 runs and claimed an unassailable 2-0 lead in the series.

22:09 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Naveen with a late boundary before the flame goes off

Maheesh Theekshana to Naveen-ul-Haq, a quicker delivery wide outside the off stump, stabbed down short third for four runs. A boundary too late for the Afghans as the chase is anything but alive at this point, so isn't the hope to claim a series win for the Afghans. 107/8 after 15 overs.

22:05 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Double strikes from Hasaranga

Now it's Hasaranga who deals up the twin blows in one over. First, Najibullah Zadran is bowled as he attempts a slog sweep. 100 wickets for the Sri Lankan skipper in T20 cricket. Then, Karim Janat is caught off a googly. 101/8 after 14 overs.

21:51 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Boundary off 152KPH delivery

Matheesha Pathirana into his second over. Clocks upto 152KPH and all Najibullah Zadran has to do is tap it down the short third for four. By now, the slinga must realise, it's the pace taken off the ball that's helped bowlers on this wicket. 11 runs from that over, which included three wides. 80/6, Afghanistan after 11 overs.

21:44 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Six wickets down at halfway stage

Dasun Shanaka into the attack. Seam up delivert with the pace taken off it, and Mohammad Nabi - looking to drive it - gets a thick edge onto it for Kusal Mendis to catch it behind the stumps. A fine catch from the keeper and a sixth wickets falls for the Afghans. 70/6 after 10 overs.

21:38 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Six off Hasaranga's first ball

Wanindu Hasaranga brings himself into the attack. And Mohammad Nabi shows positive intent against him, straightaway. Tossed up, wrong un that's walloped straight back over the bowler's head for a mighty six. 11 runs collected from the over, Afghanistan are 64/5 after nine overs.

21:34 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Fifty up for AFG!

This has been a disappointing collapse to watch so far. Mohammad Nabi and Karim Janat have been put down the deep end fairly early into their chase. And they're taking little risks as of now. A delivery too full from Matheesha Pathirana is what brings out a cover drive from Nabi that ends a 16-ball boundary drought. Fifty up for Afghanistan. 53/5 after eight overs.

21:22 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Disaster turns nightmare for AFG!

Oh dear!

This is turning into an abject surrender by the visitors, pretty much sums up their tour. Binura Fernando with twin strikes in his first over. Gulbadin Naib, off the first ball of the over, goes for a gung-ho heave but one of his hand comes off the handle as he miscues it straight to the fielder at mid on. 

Next, Azmatullah Omarzai looks to go for a drive but gets an inside edge and drags it down to his stumps. Half of the Afghanistan team are back in the hut. 36/5 after five overs.

21:18 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Gurbaz plumb

Maheesh Theekshana into his first over. Gurbaz drills him wide of the man at cover for four. The next one was pinned on his pads and the Afghan swashbuckling opener - looking to continue his counter-attack - misses the line altogether and is trapped plumb. 30/3 after four overs.

21:13 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Mathews the bowler takes over!

Hazaratullah Zazai and Rahmanullah Gurbaz walk into the middle to kickstart Afghanistan's chase of 188. Angelo Mathews has the new ball for Sri Lanka. The veteran all-rounder had lit the fireworks with the bat, and he does the same with the ball in his opening spell.

A soft dismissal to start with as Zazai pokes a delivery outside the off stump to be caught behind by Kusal Mendis. In his next over, Ibrahim Zadran also finds the fielder at mid off. Both openers back in the hut after three overs, 21/2.

20:48 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: End of the innings

Naveen-ul-Haq entrusted to bowl the last over, almost manages to remove Angelo Mathews is dropped by Mohammad Nabi. Afghanistan pay for it as Mathews thumps the next one for six. Samarawickrama gets to a first T20I fifty with a boundary of his own but his innings comes to an end with an ugly hit wicket off the last ball. Sri Lanka surely looked on course for 200 but given the hitches in the middle, 187/6 doesn't seem bad at all.

20:42 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Mathews's six hattrick

Angelo Matthews flexes his big hitting muscles off Azmatullah Omarzai's last over. The medium battery has barely put a foot wrong, giving away only 19 up until this over and striking twice. But he's carved for three sixes in a row in the 19th over. Two length balls, shovelled over mid wicket and backward square leg respectively before a slower one is dealt with over mid wicket again. 21 off the over.

20:39 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: 150 up for SL!

15 runs from the Naveen-ul-Haq over. Samarawickrama sets it up by swatting a length ball over the square leg fielder, who has come inside the circle for the over. Then, an Angelo Mathews cover drive for four more. Finally, a slower one and wide delivery, catches an outside edge and goes flying past the fielder at short third for four more. 150 up for Sri Lanka.

20:27 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Matthews with a first boundary!

Angelo Mathews gets into the act. Can he be the finisher for Sri Lanka on the night? A slower short one from Fazalhaq Farooqi and Matthews, standing deep in his crease, laps it down backward point for four runs. Nine from the 17th over, Sri Lanka are 138/5.

20:25 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Samarawickrama with a crucial boundary

Sri Lanka need some boundaries to get some momentum in for a final push in this innings, and they might have just got the one that starts it all. Karim Janat to Sadeera Samarawickrama, who's been in the middle for 31 deliveries now. A length ball, angling into the right hander, slow enough for the batter to shuffle to his right and lap it down fine leg for four. Inventive and crucial from the hosts' standpoint. 129/5 after 16 overs.

20:16 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Asalanka gone

Azmatullah Omarzai is back into the attack, and it's a move that works for Afghanistan. Charith Asalanka, looks to chip the ball but gets only one hand on the bat as he does so, ending up being holed at deep cover. Half of the Sri Lankan team are back in the hut. 122/5 after 15 overs.

20:09 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Nabi traps Hasaranga

Mohammad Nabi bowls, Ibrahim Zadran catches. That combination again for Afghanistan as Sri Lanka go four down. A tossed up, slower one from the offie and the Sri Lankan skipper stays deep in his crease and looks to club it straight down the ground but is holed at long on. 112/4, Sri Lanka after 12 overs.

20:06 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Hundred up for SL

Skipper Wanindu Hasaranga is the new batter in for Sri Lanka. And he goes straight after Noor Ahmed - a six hammered over mid wicket followed by a slap shot behind square on the off side for four. 15 runs picked in the 11th over and Sri Lanka bring up their 100.

19:55 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Dhananjaya out!

DDS has played more preemptive than reactive in his innings so far, and it is his unbecoming in Dambulla. Mohammad Nabi, with all his nous, has foreseen the Lankan dancing down the track, which he does, and hence the dragged-back length comes good. A lofted-drive looked was what Dhanajaya seemed to be going for, but he gets a toe end onto the ball and is caught by Ibrahim Zadran. 

19:47 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Spin from both ends

Afghanistan have put the spinners on from both ends. Mohammed Nabi and Noor Ahmed. Dhananjaya de Silva gets that first boundary now, off Nabi. Not as aesthetic as that cover drive off Karim Janat was, rather a miscue, but he'd take that. Noor Ahmed on the other hand, has got off to a more miserly start - five from his first over. 82/2 after nine overs.

19:42 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Another fine over for SL

Right-arm medium pacer Karim Janat comes into the attack. Offers a juicy half-volley to Sadeera Samarawickrama straight off the bat, which is rightly punished with a cover drive for four. Later in the over, Dhananjaya de Silva drives one over cover but the ball, racing to the boundary, is cut in time by Noor Ahmed to save a run. Regardless, a good over for the Lankans - 13 runs picked off it. 68/2 after seven overs.

 
19:38 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: End of powerplay

A good comeback from Sri Lanka after the early barrage of boundaries. Two wickets and almost two overs without a boundary. Naveen-ul-Haq wraps up the powerplay with just the two runs from the sixth over. Sri Lanka though still in a good position as the field restrictions are lifted in Dambulla. 55/2 after 6 overs.

19:31 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Two wickets in quick succession

Afghanistan with double strikes and both the openers are back in the hut. First Azmatullah Omarzai flushes Kusal Mendis on the pads swiftly followed by main man Pathum Nissanka - not anticipating a slower one - spooning a dolly to Noor Ahmed at backward point. 

19:18 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Nissanka takes Naveen-ul-Haq to the cleaners

Nissanka continues the onslaught. Naveen-ul-Haq replaces Fazalhaq Farooqi in the third over but the Sri Lankan opener meets the right-armer with the same treatment. Naveen shifts from short length, to wide line, to a length ball on the pads, but Nissanka smothers them all for four. Even Kusal Mendis, who also finds his first boundary of the match. 17 runs from the over. 34/0 after three overs.

19:10 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Pre-match pump up for the visitors

Assist. Coach Raees Khan Ahmadzai and the skipper Ibrahim Zadran give AfghanAtalan a quick huddle talk ahead of the 2nd T20I. ?#AfghanAtalan | #FutureStars pic.twitter.com/UxFXXehwDq

— Afghanistan Cricket Board (@ACBofficials) February 19, 2024
19:06 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Nissanka on the attack straightaway

A fine start for Sri Lanka. Two boundaries from Nissanka in the first over. One flick down the mid wicket and then, a slice through the covers. That one was creamed. A mighty fine batter, at the peak of his powers. 11/0 after the first over.

19:01 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: All set to go!

Fazalhaq Farooqi with the new ball in his hands. Afghanistan feel they'd be better suited to chase here. Question is, how early can their bowlers wrap up the Sri Lankan batting. On strike is the best host batter in the ODIs, Pathum Nissanka. First ball, length, drifting away down the leg, and the right-hander flicks it uppish and safe down mid wicket for four. The hosts are off the mark in style.

18:45 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Playing XIs

Sri Lanka: Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Mendis(w), Dhananjaya de Silva, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Wanindu Hasaranga(c), Angelo Mathews, Dasun Shanaka, Maheesh Theekshana, Binura Fernando, Matheesha Pathirana

Afghanistan: Ibrahim Zadran(c), Rahmanullah Gurbaz(w), Gulbadin Naib, Azmatullah Omarzai, Hazratullah Zazai, Mohammad Nabi, Najibullah Zadran, Karim Janat, Noor Ahmad, Naveen-ul-Haq, Fazalhaq Farooqi

18:34 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Toss

Afghanistan win the toss and opt to bowl first.

18:34 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Hasaranga the all-rounder comes to the fore

Captaining the team in the first T20I, Wanindu Hasaranga scored a 32-ball 67 (7 fours and 3 sixes) and 1-20 from 4 overs to lead the hosts to a four-run win. A true all-rounder's outing. It's the role many in Sri Lanka Cricket have anticipated him to pick up for a while now, owing to his antics in franchise cricket.

18:19 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: How it has unfolded so far

1st Test: Sri Lanka win by 10 wickets

1st ODI: Sri Lanka win by 42 runs

2nd ODI: Sri Lanka win by 155 runs

3rd ODI: Sri Lanka win by seven wickets

1st T20I: Sri Lanka win by four runs

18:08 (IST)
19 FEB 2024
Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan Live Score: Hello and welcome

Five games into their all-format tour of Sri Lanka, Afghanistan are yet to win a match and are on the precipice of losing the T20 series, having already faltered in the one off Test and the ODIs before. The hosts have excelled in all departments and have handed a drubbing to the visitors. 

Following their respective outings at the ODI World Cups last year - and in recent times - it was expected that this would be an exciting match up. It has been anything but. Do the Afghans have one last trick up their sleeves to prevent a T20 series loss or will it be business as usual? Stay tuned as we bring you all the updates from the second T20I between the two at Dambulla.

Sri Lanka vs Afghanistan squads

SL vs AFG Live Telecast in India: Sri Lanka and Afghanistan will feature in the second T20I on Monday.

Sri Lanka Squad: Wanindu Hasaranga (C), Charith Asalanka (VC), Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Mendis, Dhananjaya De Silva, Kusal Perera, Angelo Mathews, Dasun Shanaka, Sadeera Samarawickrama, Kamindu Mendis, Maheesh Theekshana, Akila Dananjaya, Matheesha Pathirana, Dilshan Madushanka, Nuwan Thushara, Binura Fernando

Afghanistan squad: Ibrahim Zadran (C), Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Mohammad Ishaq Rahimi, Hazratullah Zazai, Gulbadin Naib, Mohammad Nabi, Najibullah Zadran, Azmatullah Omarzai, Karim Janat, Sharafuddin Ashraf, Fazalhaq Farooqi, Fareed Ahmad, Naveen-ul-Haq, Noor Ahmad, Wafadar Momand, Qais Ahmad.

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 19-02-2024 at 18:00 IST
TAGS:
Afghanistan Cricket Team
Live Score
Sri Lanka Cricket Team
Sri Lanka Vs Afghanistan
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
Happy New Year Wishes Live
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
CTET Answer Key
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Looking At 2025, Sport: After An Eventful Last Year, A Period Of Lull Ahead
Engineering Student Kills Parents After Differences Over His Education; Bodies Found Days Later
2024 Warmest Year In India Since 1901, Says IMD
Eyes On 2026 Polls, Mamata Banerjee All Set To Hold Mega Administrative Meeting
UPSC Essentials | Daily Subject-Wise Quiz : Environment And Geography MCQs On Emissions Gap Report, ISFR-2023 And More (Week 91)
Haryana Notifies Policy For Govt Recruitment Through CET, Score To Be Valid For 3 Years
Khushbu Sundar Reveals She Was Raj Kapoor’s First Choice For Ram Teri Ganga Maili, But Was Dropped For Being Too Young: I Wasn’t Even 14′
Big Bash League: A Mankading Attempt Raises Tempers In BBL
BSP To Contest All 70 Seats In Delhi Assembly Polls
Pune Gyms Swell With New Joinees As New Year Dawns: Key Question Is How Many Will Stay Put By February
Why Some Shorter Parents Have Surprisingly Tall Kids
Pay Property Tax Or Face Water Cuts, Pune Civic Body Warns Nearly 6 Lakh Defaulters
Blake Lively Sues It Ends With Us Director Justin Baldoni Alleging Harassment And Smear Campaign
Gujarat Vidyapith’s Krishi Vigyan Kendras To Be Developed As Training Centres For Natural Farming
Gujarat’s Banaskantha To Be Split; Vav-Tharad To Be State’s 34th District
India Asks Pakistan To Expedite Release Of Indian Prisoners In Its Custody
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/sri-lanka-vs-afghanistan-live-score-2nd-t20-sl-vs-afg-latest-scorecard-dambulla-9169160/ 
 ----- 
