Skip to content

Cricket Worlds

All about Cricket

PSL TEAMS
Islamabad United Squad
Karachi Kings Squad
Lahore Qalandars Squad
Multan Sultans Squad
Peshawar Zalmi Squad
Quetta Gladiators Squad
PSL 2024
PSL Schedule 2024
PSL Tickets
PSL Draft 2024
PSL Points Table
Foreign Players
PSL Whatsapp Group Link
PSL Predictions
BBL TEAMS
Brisbane Heat Squad 2024 With Players Name
Hobart Hurricanes Squad 2024
Adelaide Strikers Squad 2024 ( Full Details )
Sydney Sixers Squad 2024
Melbourne Renegades Squad 2024
IPL 2024
IPL Schedule 2024
IPL Points Table
IPL Expensive Players 2024
IPL WhatsApp Group
IPL Live Streaming
IPL TEAMS 2024
Mumbai Indians Squad 2024
Lucknow Super Giants Squad 2024
Royal Challengers Bangalore Squad 2024
Gujarat titans Squad 2024
Chennai Super Kings Squad 2024
Delhi Capitals Squad 2024
Kolkata Knight Riders Squad 2024
Rajasthan Royals Squad 2024
Punjab Kings Squad 2024
Sunrisers Hyderabad Squad 2024
WIPL 2024
WPL Schedule
WPL Points table
Uttar Pradesh Warriorz Squad
Royal Challengers Bangalore Squad WPL
Lucknow Warriors Squad WPL
Delhi Capitals Women Squad
Mumbai Indians WPL Squad 2024
ASIA CUP
Aisa Cup 2023 Schedule
Asia cup 2023 Afghanistan Squad
Pakistan Squad for Asia Cup 2023
India Squad for Asia Cup 2023
Asia Cup Venues 2023
Asia Cup 2023 Commentary Panel
CONTACT US
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
About Us
Terms and Conditions
PSL TEAMS 2024 / QUETTA GLADIATORS
Quetta Gladiators Squad 2024 [PSL 9 UPDATED]
February 16, 2024 Haris Naveed

Another champion team of PSL 9, Quetta Gladiators Squad 2024, is a Twenty 20 franchise cricket team that competes in the Pakistan Super League. The team is based in Quetta, and is based in Baluchistan.

We Also Update the Latest News Updates Here.

QUETTA GLADIATORS PLAYERS

Here’s the list of players from Quetta Gladiators.

PLAYER	ROLE
Rilee Russouw	Batsman
Sherfane Rutherford	Batsman
Mohammad Amir	Pacer
Mohammad Wasim Jnr	Bowling Allrounder
Wanindu Hasaranga	Allrounder
Jason Roy	Batsman
Mohammad Hasnain	Pacer
Abrar Ahmad	Mystery Spinner
Sarfaraz Ahmad	Wicketkeeper Batter
Will Smead	Batsman
Saud Shakeel	Batsman
Sajjad Ali Jnr	Batsman
Usman Qadir	Legspinner
Omair Bin Yousuf	Batsman
Adil Naz	Pacer
Khawaja Mohammad Nafay	Batsman
Akeal Hosein	Slow left-arm spinner
Sohail Khan	Pacer
Bismillah Khan	Wicketkeeper Batsman
Laurie Evans	Batsman
Quetta Gladiators PSL 9 player categories
PLAYER	CATEGORY
Rilee Russouw	Platinum
Sherfane Rutherford	Platinum
Mohammad Amir	Platinum
Mohammad Wasim Jnr	Diamond
Wanindu Hasaranga	Diamond
Jason Roy	Diamond
Mohammad Hasnain	Gold
Abrar Ahmad	Gold
Sarfaraz Ahmad	Gold
Will Smead	Silver
Saud Shakeel	Silver
Sajjad Ali Jnr	Silver
Usman Qadir	Silver
Omair Bin Yousuf	Silver
Adil Naz	Emerging
Khawaja Mohammad Nafay	Emerging
Akeal Hosein	Supplementary
Sohail Khan	Supplementary
Bismillah Khan	Replacement
Laurie Evans	Supplementary
Captain	Sarfaraz Ahmad
Team	Quetta Gladiators
Owner	Nadeem Omer
Winning Prediction	75%
Brand Ambassador	Sarfaraz Ahmad
All Teams Squad

[sc name=”teamssquads”][/sc]

UPDATED:- Karachi Kings PSL 9 Squad

This team was established in 2015, and its home ground is Bugti Stadium in Quetta. So, here is Quetta Gladiators Squad with players’ performance discussed here; read this post till the end.

Quetta Gladiators got services one of the most respected full responsibilities in the cricket board, whereas Sir Vivan Richards’s presence is most useful in the Quetta gladiators.

Islamabad United Squad 2024	Peshawar Zalmi Squad 2024
Lahore Qalandars Squad 2024	Multan Sultans Squad 2024
Peshawar Zalmi Squad 2024	
PSL 9 Quetta Gladiators Squad

Yes, we are describing all of you Quetta gladiators players with the performance one by one, either national or international players. Many QG fans are searching & wanna know about the Quetta Gladiator Squad 2024 with their favorite player. So here we will discuss the complete squad of Quetta Gladiators for PSL 9.

Quetta Gladiators Batsman Squad
Quetta Gladiators Bowlers Squad
Quetta Gladiators All-Rounders Squad

The PSL 2024 Schedule is also announced. PSL live Streaming is available on our website.

Quetta Gladiators Batsmen

Here is the batting power for the Gladiators this season of PSL.

Rilee Russouw
Sherfane Rutherford
Jason Roy
Sarfaraz Ahmad
Will Smead
Saud Shakeel
Sajjad Ali Jnr
Omair Bin Yousuf
Khawaja Mohammad Nafay

The Gladiators have quite a batsmen-heavy squad this season. They got 9 batters to go for PSL 9. Among them, the star performers are Rilee Russouw, Jason Roy, Saud Shakeel, and Omair Bin Yousuf. Rilee Russouw was instrumental for Multan Sultans in the previous season.

And it was surprising to see them trading him for Iftikhar Ahmad. Russia will strengthen the batting department where Quetta struggled in the past few seasons.

Jason Roy can add that punch for them as well. But the local lads like Saud and Omair are noteworthy as well. The young Omair bin Yousuf has an average of 36 in the T20s he has played. However, the man that the opposing teams should be wary of the most is Saud Shakeel.

Saud has emerged as an upcoming batting sensation for Pakistan. His control and prowess have earned him a spot in Pakistan’s middle-order. However, top-order is where Saud shines the most. And hopefully, he will get sufficient chances in Quetta Gladiators this season.

Quetta Gladiators Bowlers Squad

These are the bowlers for Quetta Gladiators this season.

Mohammad Amir
Mohammad Wasim Jnr
Mohammad Hasnain
Abrar Ahmad
Usman Qadir
Adil Naz
Akeal Hosein (supplementary)
Sohail Khan (supplementary)

This is the list of Quetta Gladiators bowlers for season 9 of HBL PSL. And you have to agree, after all the trade scenarios and the PSL 9 Drafts on 13 December 2023, that bowling is one of the best. With Mohammad Amir, Mohammad Wasim, and Mohammad Hasnain handling the pace bowling department, their new ball and the death overs game is a walk in the part.

Amir and Wasim can take those wickets with the new ball, while Hasnain can contain the runs in the death overs. Amir and Wasim can handle the deathovers as well. With these three alone, the bowling department seems to be in the safe hands.

But what about the middle overs? Say no more, as Abrar and Usman are here for the rescue. Abrar Ahmad is one of those bowlers who is difficult to play even in test cricket. Just imagine the sort of stuff he can do in the limited-overs format, where the batsman is trying to hit him out of the park. With the sort of variations he has and how subtle he is while executing them, Abrar will not let you play.

Now add Usman Qadir to the mix. He is the son of the legendary legspinner Abdul Qadir. Abdul Qadir was the one who kept the art alive while the world was busy awing the fast-bowling talents of the West Indies and Pakistan. Usman would pick a thing or two from his father.

With Abrar and Usman handling the middle overs, there is no way any batting lineup will score easily against the Quetta Gladiators.

Quetta Gladiators All-Rounders Squad

These are the all-rounders for the team this year.

Wanindu Hasaranga
Mohammad Wasim Jnr

There aren’t many all-rounders in the Quetta Gladiators this year. Even if their coach, Shane Watson, is one of the best all-rounders in modern cricket’s history, it was a surprise when only Hasaranga was the proper all-rounder in the squad. So let’s talk about him.

Wanindu Hasaranga is one of the best all-rounders the Sri Lankan team offers. Unfortunately, Hasanraga has been out of cricket for some time due to his injury and fitness issues. Last year, he couldn’t play PSL due to the same reasons. Quetta might also face the same issue this year, which makes Sohail Khan or Akeal Hosain one of his replacements.

However, if Hasaranga is available, this will greatly boost the team. He can pick wickets in the middle overs and confuse the batsmen with his variations. Along with that, he can be a handy batsman as well. A good thing if he plays this year.

Mohammad Wasim is a great bowler, no doubt about that. However, few people credit him for being a handy batsman in the lower order. Some people even rated him as a better all-rounder than some players already playing in the team. If he can shine as a batsman, this can be great for both the Quetta Gladiators and the Pakistan team.

OWNER OF QUETTA GLADIATORS

The owner of Quetta Gladiators is Nadeem Omer, who owns Omer Associates.

Nadeem Omer has a long history with cricket. Not only cricket, he has been investing in other sports like Hockey, squash, badminton, etc. Nadeem Omer is a fun guy who knows the importance of sports in a nation. That is why you will see him supporting sportsmen at every forum.

As a team owner, Nadeem Omer knows the importance of team building and leadership. That is why he always gels every team member and creates a family-like environment. Even now, the old players like Kevin Peterson are in contact with him. Sarfaraz Ahmad has been playing in his teams since his u19 days. This should tell you how well Nadeem Omer is with player retention.

Now we will discuss team players of Quetta gladiators. PSL Team Islamabad United. We are updating information in real-time. We also updated Multan Sultan Squad.

COACH OF QUETTA GLADIATORS

The coach of Quetta Gladiators is Shane Watson. There was a lot of buzz around this news when they announced Watson as their coach. Hopefully, it will turn out well for them. Shane Watson previously played for the United and the Gladiators as well. He was part of the winning Quetta Gladiators team in PSL 2019. They want his “Aussie mindset” to get back to their mojo. Or this is what Nadeem Omer told us.

Also, Moin Khan is their director now that Watson has taken up the mantle of their coach. Shaun Tait is their bowling coach.

Check:- PSL 9 Tickets Price

CAPTAIN

The franchise might take some time before they announce another captain. But let’s talk about Sarfaraz Ahmad in the meanwhile.

Sarfraz Ahmad was the Captain of Quetta Gladiators because, in every PSL session, QG is led by him. He is a good batsman with the best wicketkeeper.

As a player, I cannot emphasize hard enough how much of an impactful a player he has been. He didn’t have quite a great start in the international circuit. But, he has risen to prominence with his performance in 2014.

Due to his quick runs, Pakistan won the Sharjah Test 2014 and chased 302 runs in just 57.3 overs. During the following 18 months, he averaged 71.20 and jabbed his place into the ODI squad halfway through the 2015 World Cup tournament with 49 runs at a strike rate of 100 against South Africa.

He also proved himself in captaincy, winning the Champions trophy in 2017. He was the first after the great Imran Khan to win an ICC title.

Although he is going through a hard patch in his career, his comeback in the test series against New Zealand can prove to be a charm for his career.

Quetta Gladiators PSL 9 Schedule
Date	Opposition	Venue
Feb 18, 2024	Peshawar Zalmi	Gaddafi Stadium Lahore
Feb 19, 2024	Lahore Qalandars	Gaddafi Stadium Lahore
Feb 22, 2024	Islamabad United	Gaddafi Stadium Lahore
Feb 25, 2024	Multan Sultans	Multan Cricket Stadium
Feb 29, 2024	Karachi Kings	National Bank Stadium
Mar 2, 2024	Islamabad United	Pindi Cricket Stadium
Mar 6, 2024	Karachi Kings	Pindi Cricket Stadium
Mar 8, 2024	Peshawar Zalmi	Pindi Cricket Stadium
Mar 10, 2024	Lahore Qalandars	National Bank Stadium
Mar 12, 2024	Multan Sultans	National Bank Stadium

The Gladiators are starting their campaign against Peshawar Zalmi on 18 February 2024. They will play this match in Lahore. Dera Bugti Stadium should have hosted some matches. In the future with better security measures, we can see International matches in Quetta as well.

The Gladiators will play the last match of the group stages on 12 March 2024 against Multan Sultans in Karachi.

Quetta will get 3 matches in Lahore, 4 in Karachi, 1 in Multan, and 2 in Rawalpindi Cricket Stadium.

All the related news

In this section, you will read all the news related to Quetta gladiators regarding season 9.

Nadeem Omer gets emotional over Sarfaraz

15 February 2024

A beautiful scenario at a promotional event was captured in a recent sweet video that went viral online. The owner of Quetta Gladiators, Nadeem Omer, grew extremely upset while discussing former captain Sarfaraz Ahmed’s achievements for the franchise and Pakistan cricket.

Sarfaraz Ahmed has led the Quetta Gladiators impressively in prior seasons of the Pakistan Super League.

However, before of the ninth edition, the Gladiators chose to name South Africa’s Rilee Rossouw as captain, with Saud Shakeel as vice-captain.

Despite the shift, Nadeem Omer took a time to thank Sarfaraz for his leadership and dedication. Nadeem’s sincere statements expressed his great gratitude for Sarfaraz’s efforts on behalf of the team and the country.

In a very touching moment, Nadeem Omer approached Sarfaraz directly and expressed gratitude for his efforts. Sarfaraz was moved by Nadeem’s comments and approached him, sharing a heartfelt embrace that emphasized their closeness.

Nadeem Omer’s earnest speech impressed all who attended the ceremony. The emotional applause that followed Sarfaraz’s hug with Nadeem underlined the team’s gratitude for the former captain’s efforts and the respect he commanded.

Quetta Gladiators according to Nadeem Omer

14 February 2024

The HBL Pakistan Super League (PSL) is the equivalent of a cricket festival in Pakistan. It has been happening since 2016, bringing six clubs together for entertaining matchups.

Quetta Gladiators is one of such teams, and it’s noted for its uniqueness. It is owned by Nadeem Omar, a cricket enthusiast who has helped the team gain popularity.

Nadeem Omar made several good decisions for the team. He enlisted the support of celebrities such as Sir Viv Richards and Moin Khan.

They also chose Sarfaraz Ahmed as captain, which proved to be an excellent selection as they won their first championship in 2019.

The team’s goal is not only to win but also to help local players. They established tournaments such as the Inter-School Tournament and Ramadan Cricket to identify and support talent in Balochistan. Nadeem Omar feels the team has influenced people’s perspectives about Balochistan.

Even though the weather makes it difficult to play there, the squad continues to seek new talent. Some prominent players, like Mohammad Hasnain and Naseem Shah, began their careers with the Quetta Gladiators.

They’ve also helped athletes like Rilee Rossouw and Sarfaraz Ahmed achieve stardom. It has not always been easy.

The squad had several challenges, but Nadeem Omar is happy with how far they have gone. And the greatest part? They receive affection and support from the people of Balochistan.

Watto reaches Pakistan for PSL 9

13 February 2024

Great news for cricket enthusiasts! Shane Watson, a well-known Australian cricketer, has arrived in Pakistan to compete in the ninth season of the Pakistan Super League.

He is presently the head coach of the Quetta Gladiators. Let us take a deeper look at this wonderful development!

When Shane Watson arrived in Karachi, he was greeted warmly by Nabeel Hashmi, the Quetta Gladiators’ general manager.

It’s good to witness such a cordial reception as Watson begins his new role with the club.

Shane Watson now has several critical things to complete. Nadeem Omer, the owner of the Quetta Gladiators, thinks that the squad needs a new skipper.

This means Watson must make some hasty decisions to get things ready. With Shane Watson in command and a fresh captain on his way, the Quetta Gladiators are gearing up for a thrilling new season of PSL.

Fans should expect more excellent games and amazing performances from the team.

Sarfaraz Ahmad is not the Captain anymore

12 February 2024

Big news from the Pakistan Super League (PSL): Sarfaraz Ahmed, the Quetta Gladiators’ long-time skipper, is no longer in charge. Here’s a basic summary of what happened.

Sarfaraz Ahmed, the team’s captain for many years, opted to take a sabbatical from guiding it. He wants to unwind and not feel the burden of being a skipper anymore.

Now, Shane Watson, the new coach, will select the new captain after consulting with the team’s managers.

Rilee Rossouw of South Africa and Saud Shakeel of Pakistan are the two players who have been suggested to succeed Sarfaraz as captain.

We shall soon find out who will be the next captain of the ship. Sarfaraz did an excellent job as captain.

Under his leadership, the Quetta Gladiators reached the PSL finals three times. They won the title in 2019, demonstrating Sarfaraz’s leadership abilities.

Top 3 bowlers for Quetta Gladiators

11 February 2024

Quetta Gladiators will enter the party with full force this year. They haven’t done well for the past few seasons. However, the new set-up sparks hope among the team management and the fans. Let’s have a look at the top 3 bowlers who can do it well for the Gladiators in HBL PSL 9.

Mohammad Amir
Mohammad Wasim jnr
Abrar Ahmad

Amir doesn’t need any introductions. His performance has piqued Sarfaraz’s interest and has made the skipper hopeful for the upcoming season. Sarfaraz Ahmad hopes that Mohammad Amir will be profitable to the Quetta Gladiators this season.

Mohammad Wasim is underrated. Fans do not give him much attention. It isn’t his fault that he is competing with the likes of Haris Rauf and Shaheen Afridi. However, his ability to bowl at any moment during the match makes him a valuable addition to the team.

Abrar Ahmad suffers from injuries. However, his variations will be a nightmare. Gladiators can only hope for him to make a swift recovery.

Mohammad Amir Shines Again

6 February 2024

Mohammad Amir is soaring high in the T20 format. He is dominating in the ILT20. Amir is playing for the Desert Vipers this year, and he has been pretty economical. This time, he picked up 2 wickets and gave away only 29 runs. This is a pretty decent performance ahead of the HBL PSL 9. The Gladiators will find it easy to pick up those early wickets this time with Mohammad Amir at the helm.

Gladiators Wrestling Championship League

2 February 2024

Nadeem Omer loves sports, and this is the reason this man is the best. Not only he is involved with cricket, but he has also always supported other sports in Pakistan.

This time, the QG is holding the Gladiators Wrestling Championship League on 5 February 2024 in Naya Nazimabad Gymkhana. Get there at 5 pm. You might get an opportunity to meet your favorite Gladiators.

Quetta Gladiators perfume collection

1 February 2024

The Gladiators, along with Scent N Stories, have launched the Quetta Gladiators perfume collection. Now, immerse yourself in the cricket experience with these loverly fragrances from Scent N Stories.

The following are the perfumes along with their price.

Name	Price
Uraan
Ambery Vanilla Boost	2670
Soch
Zesty scent	4850
Hisar
Smoky Vanilla Pleasure	3990
Mohammad Amir being the star that he is

31 January 2024

Mohammad Amir, Quetta’s recent platinum pick is being the star of the show in the ongoing ILT20. Against the Mumbai Indians Emirates, he has picked 3 wickets for 26 runs. This included 13 dots. If you want to see Mohammad Amir making it hard for the batters to score against the Gladiators, turn on the notifications Because we will cover everything this year.

Quetta Gladiator’s Replacement draft picks

29 January 2024

The Gladiators haven’t made any significant changes. Here is the replacement for Wanindu Hasaranga.

Player	Non-availability Status	Replacement
Wanindu Hasaranga	Partial	Bismillah Khan

However, it was surprising to see the Gladiators reserving their 4th supplementary pick. They have selected Laurie Evans as their 3rd supplementary pick.

Hasaranga could have been great if he was available full-time. However, the Gladiators have to work with what they have right now. Bismillah Khan has played 68 matches, scored 1220 runs, averaged 20 at a strike rate of 123.

And… another collaboration

28 January 2024

Quetta Gladiators is collaborating with an emerging Pakistani perfume brand, Scents N Stories. The collaboration will be today at 6:30 pm at the Atrium Mall, Karachi. You can go and join the event. There might be some special treats for the Gladiator fans <3

Hasaranga is only available partially

27 January 2024

Wanindu Hasaranga, Quetta’s star allrounder, is only available for 5 matches in HBL PSL 9. This isn’t good for the team morale and combination. The team has to look for suitable replacements on 29 January 2024 when PCB will hold a replacement draft.

Quetta Gladiators partners with the PakCol Guar Gum Powder

13 January 2024

Quetta Gladiators has teamed up with PakCol Guar Gum Powder for the upcoming HBL PSL Season 9. The association was officially finalized during an event in which QG owner Mr Nadeem Omar, Pakistan Gum Industry owner Mr Ali Haji, and CEO Mr Farhan Yousuf signed the formal contract.

The atmosphere was electric with excitement when Sarfaraz Ahmed, the cricket guru, arrived as the ceremony’s main guest. This cooperation is more than simply cricket; it is about teamwork, effort, and a passion for the game.

With such dynamic pairings, the Quetta Gladiators are preparing for a fantastic season, and fans can’t wait to see them in action! Let the race to HBL PSL Season 9 begin!

Quetta Gladiators Scrabble competition

13 January 2024

The moment we’ve all been waiting for has arrived! Prepare to show off your word magic in the Gladiators’ 24th Inter-School Scrabble Championship! The excitement, the struggle, and the pride are all happening, and we need Everyone to be a part of this wonderful journey!

Don’t pass up the opportunity to demonstrate your scrabble talents at one of the most talked about occasions of the year. Registration is already open, and seats are filling quickly! Secure your place and be ready for a memorable experience.

Whether you’re an experienced player or a scrabble newcomer, this tournament is for anybody who enjoys the power of words. Join us for the ultimate celebration of words and strategy.

Mohammad Amir Joins the Desert Vipers

12 January 2024

Quetta Gladiator’s recent addition, Mohammad Amir, has joined the ILT20 with the Desert Vipers. Along with him, other Pakistani players such as Azam Khan, Shaheen Afridi, and Shadab Khan are also playing for this team. ILT20 is a franchise-based cricket league in the UAE. In a recent post on X, Quetta Gladiators welcomed this move and congratulated Mohammad Amir for this selection in the franchise. Are you also ready to see the Gladiator in action outside the PSL? I mean, come on, let’s wait more enthusiastically for HBL PSL. There isn’t much waiting left.

Abrar will miss out on the New Zealand series

2 January 2024

Abrar Ahmad, Quetta’s most exciting spin bowling talent, will miss the T20 series against the Black Caps. Unfortunately, he got injured, and couldn’t recover completely from it until now. He was named in the squad. But the medical board hasn’t given him a clean chit to play the T20I matches against the Kiwis. This is bad news for both QG and Pakistan team.

Happy birthday, Omair!

27 December 2023

Today, Quetta Gladiators wished their Gladiator, Omair Bin Yousuf, a happy birthday on their X account. Omair Bin Yousuf, a batsman from Karachi, has experience playing 27 T20s. He has scored 737 runs at an impressive average of 36 and an explosive strike rate of 132. Surely, he has many more runs to come in his career.

2 Gladiators called for T20I series

19 December 2023

Two Quetta Gladiators have been selected in the national T20 team for the series against New Zealand. Mohammad Wasim and Abrar Ahmad have gotten the call from Wahab Riaz to be a part of this squad. Wasim is a quality fast bowler who proved his worth in the CWC 2023, while Abrar is our upcoming spin bowling superstar. Let’s see how the Gladiators will shine against the Kiwis.

Shaun Tait joins as bowling coach

17 December 2023

One of the fastest bowlers we have seen in modern-day cricket, Shaun Tait, has joined Quetta Gladiators as their bowling coach. This will be the second Aussie joining their coaching staff this year.

Tait has experience coaching with the Afghanistan cricket team and Pakistan’s national cricket team in his portfolio. Shaun Tait will be joining the PSL franchise as their bowling coach for the very first time. And he was excited to join the Gladiators team.

In a video posted on X, Shaun Tait expressed his excitement to join the team as their bowling coach.

Quetta Gladiators picks in PSL 9 Draft

14 December 2023

PSL 9 draft was quite dynamic for Quetta Gladiators. The team owner was enthusiastic, as always. He and Moin Khan were calling the shots at the table. They have picked a very interesting and stronger squad this time. Nadeem Omer, the team owner, commented that he approached Shane Watson for his role as a coach this time. He wants to instil the Aussie values of going all out and giving your all on the field by having Watto as the team’s head coach. Even if they let go of Iftikhar and Naseem, Quetta Gladiators have had a pretty solid squad this time. They have Amir to fill the shoes of Naseem, and have gotten pretty excellent players in exchange for Naseem alone. Let’s have a look at their picks.

Category	Picks
Platinum	Sherfane Rutherford, Mohammad Amir
Silver	Saud Shakeel, Sajjad Ali Jnr, Usman Qadir, Omair Bin Yousuf
Emerging	Adil Naz, Khawaja Mohammad Nafay
Supplementary	Akeal Hosein, Sohail Khan
A partnership with JTA International Investment

14 December 2023

Quetta Gladiators and JTA International Investment have formed a strategic alliance at Lahore’s Pearl Continental Hotel. The deal was signed by Nadeem Omar of Quetta Gladiators and Dr Amir Salemizadeh of JTA International Investment. It is about acquiring a large stake in Omar Sports (Private) Limited, which owns Quetta Gladiators. They’re also interested in expanding their sporting prospects.

Key figures from both sides attended the event, including Quetta Gladiators’ Sohail Omar and JTA International Investment’s Dr. Saeed Golkar and Dr. Iman Safar. A distinguished visitor was Mrs. Naila Bhatti of the Pakistan Cricket Board. This is a significant step forward for both Quetta Gladiators and JTA International Investment, and it all began with their involvement in the PSL-9 Draft.

Prepare for PSL 9 Drafts

12 December 2023

PSL 9 Drafts will start on 13 December 2023 at 4 pm. This will all happen at the National Cricket Academy, Lahore. While all the franchises are hyping their process on social media, Quetta Gladiators seems slightly behind the others. However, we won’t let fellow Gladiator fans behind the scenes. Let’s discuss the remaining slots in each category and the pick order that the Gladiators have. This is going to be an exciting draft for the Gladiators.

Category	Remaining Slots
Platinum	2
Diamond	0
Gold	0
Silver	4
Emerging	2
Supplementary	2

Here is their pick order for the draft day

Category	Pick order
Platinum	Round 1 Pick 3 & 5
Silver	Round 1 Pick 1
Round 2 Pick 5
Round 3 Pick 1
Round Pick 4
Emerging	Round 1 Pick 5
Round 2 Pick 1
Supplementary	Round 1 Pick 3
Round 2 Pick 6
Gladiators bid farewell to Nawaz

10 December 2023

The gladiators have recently bid farewell to their all-time highest wicket-taker, Mohammad Nawaz. Nawaz has played 76 matches for them and has taken 70 wickets. It might have been hard for the franchise to release him for the drafts.

Will they release Mohammad Nawaz?

7 December 2023

There have been rumors that QG will release Nawaz for PSL 9 drafts. Is this true? Or will they include the all-rounder in the upcoming season as well? Turn on the notifications to know more.

Changes in the team management

6 December 2023

There are a lot of changes in the team management for the Gladiators. Firstly, Moin Khan was made the director of the team. He was the coach for a long time. However, it was time Moin Khan got a promotion. Keep in mind that the director of a team might be considered as the CEO. This is just a subjective opinion of one of the journalists we interviewed.

Secondly, Shane Watson has become their coach. Watson represented Gladiators before in three PSL seasons. Now, he will be coaching them. Let’s see what the Gladiators can achieve under his leadership. A change in mindset is needed for sure.

Ex-Gladiator went for an expensive fee

5 December 2023

The former Gladiator fast bowler, Naseem Shah, went to Islamabad United. The Quetta Gladiators have sent the man off with lots of love and praise. They keep posting his amazing wickets and bowling spells on their X account.

Talk in the town is that Naseem 45 million rupees. This is huge. The teams will release their retention lists later. And the salary cap was going to be revealed later as well. However, this is quite a large sum of money. But Naseem is worth every penny of it. Let’s see how Islamabad United will enjoy the services of this expensive pick this year.

The skipper talks about PSL

3 February 2023

Sarfaraz Ahmed, an ex-Pakistan skipper, has described the importance of the Pakistan Super League (PSL) in developing the nation’s cricket. Sarfaraz stated on the show that the competition has proven to be a forum for discovering the country’s potential.

The Quetta Gladiators skipper said that the PSL had taught rising talent how to cope with the spotlight and public attention, which is essential in international cricket.

According to the wicket-keeper batsman, the tournament has now evolved into a trademark, drawing many known cricketers worldwide, and everybody watches those sportsmen.

Sarfaraz went on to remark that it was during the PSL that these individuals proved their abilities and won positions on the squad.

Nawaz and Naseem are warming up for PSL.

News from last year.

It is always fun to watch your players performing in the international circuit. Nawaz and Naseem are doing it on the New Zealand tour. Their good form indicates that the Gladiators will enter the tournament with a winning mindset.

Quetta Gladiators didn’t have a great tournament last year. They struggled a lot and ended up in the second-last spot in PSL 9. They won only 4 games in their campaign, which was an eyesore for Gladiator fans.

But it seems like that is going to change this year. The skipper, Sarfaraz Ahmad, is performing in the domestic tournaments. His performance in the domestic T20 tournament almost got him a spot in the national team. He has had a remarkable comeback in the Test series against New Zealand.

Similarly, Nawaz and Naseem are performing in the international series. Nawaz took 4 wickets for just 38 runs at the economy rate of 3.8, while Naseem Shah earned the most wickets in ODIs after 5 matches. He took 18 wickets to make this record.

These things are good for Quetta. They are going to rock this year.

RELATED:- PSL COMMENTATORS

We Hope this Post, “Quetta Gladiators Squad,” will be very helpful and informative for PSL lovers & especially for QG fans, so if you like this article, share it with your friends. Information is updated in real-time.

Join the PSL WhatsApp Group to get the latest updates.

FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

Who is Quetta Gladiator’s captain?

Sarfaraz Ahmad is going to be the caption in PSL 2024. He has been the captain of this side for a long time and knows the team combinations and management. Hence, he is the best choice.

How do you qualify for Quetta Gladiators?

Players are selected for the team through a draft. The draft happens before each season of PSL.

How many PSL Quetta Gladiators won?

So far, QG hasn’t won a single PSL season. They have been to finals multiple times but couldn’t win the tournament.

Who is the owner of Quetta Gladiators?

Nadeem Omer, who is the owner of Omar Associates, is the owner of this franchise. He has been sponsoring cricket and cricketers for a long time. Sarfaraz Ahmad, Anwar Ali, and Bilawal Bhatti are some of the oldest players under his wing.

How much is Quetta Gladiator worth?

The gladiators are worth 11 Million bucks.

Who is the mentor of Quetta Gladiators?

The great Sir Viv Richards has been mentoring the gladiators since season 1.

All Information is updated. We also Updated Lahore Qalandars 2024 Team Players and Peshawar Zalmi 2024 Squad. Could you keep visiting our website?

TaggedlatestPSL 9
Post navigation
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
PSL Schedule 2024 – PSL 9 Timetable
NEXT ARTICLE
Peshawar Zalmi Squad 2024 – PSL 9 Players [CONFIRMED]
Search for:
Quick Links
PSL 2024 Local Players
PSL 9 Foreign Players
IPL Schedule 2024
PSL 9 Schedule 2024
RECENT POSTS
Multan Sultans Squad 2024 [PSL 9 Squad] – CONFIRMED
Lahore Qalandars Squad 2024 PSL 9 [CONFIRMED]
Karachi Kings Squad 2024
Islamabad United Squad 2024 – PSL 9 [CONFIRMED]
PSL 2024 Predictions | Who Will Win PSL 9
PSL 9: Islamabad United v Lahore Qalandars 2024 Highlights
PSL 9: Islamabad United Vs Lahore Qalandars Live Streaming 2024
Lahore Qalandars Vs Islamabad United PSL Live Match CricHD, Crictime, Smartcric
PSL 9 Points Table 2024 | Team Standings & Rankings
Peshawar Zalmi Squad 2024 – PSL 9 Players [CONFIRMED]
Copyright © 2024 Cricket Worlds.
Powered by WordPress and PridMag.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cricketworlds.net/quetta-gladiators-squad/ 
 ----- 
