Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
LOS ANGELES
News
Weather
Sports
Videos
KCAL News Shows
46°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Ohtani homers and has 2 steals in Dodgers' 6-4 win over Orioles. He and his dog handle first pitch

August 28, 2024 / 9:50 PM PDT / AP

Teoscar Hernández hit a go-ahead, three-run homer in the third inning, Shohei Ohtani went deep leading off the game on his second bobblehead night and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Baltimore Orioles 6-4 on Wednesday night.

Ohtani singled and scored in the third and scored again in the fifth, giving the Japanese superstar a career-high 104 runs this season, bettering his mark of 103 set in 2021 with the Los Angeles Angels.

Ohtani blasted his 42nd homer off Corbin Burnes (12-7) and stole his 41st and 42nd bases in pursuit of becoming the first major leaguer in history with 50 homers and 50 stolen bases in a season.

He and beloved dog Decoy — who appear together on the bobblehead — handled the ceremonial first pitch in front of a sellout crowd of 53,290. Upon Ohtani's signal at home plate, the dog carried the ball in his mouth from the mound to the plate, where he and his owner shared a high five.

Trailing 3-1, the Dodgers rallied to score four runs and take a 5-3 lead in the third. Mookie Betts had a RBI single and Hernández belted his 28th homer with two outs.

Baltimore trimmed its deficit to 5-4 on Ryan O'Hearn's RBI double into the right-field corner that chased Dodgers starter Walker Buehler in the fifth.

Anthony Banda (2-2) pitched 1 1/3 innings of relief to get the victory. Michael Kopech retired the side in the ninth for his 12th save.

The Orioles led 3-1 in the second on miscues by the Dodgers. A one-out error by third baseman Max Muncy put O'Hearn on first. Catcher Will Smith's dropped third strike allowed Cedric Mullins to reach first and moved O'Hearn to second. They scored on Ramón Urías' double to right. James McCann's bloop single to left brought Urías home.

Buehler got to the dugout and fired his glove on the bench in frustration. He allowed four runs — two earned — and five hits in 4 2/3 innings. The right-hander struck out four and walked one.

Burnes gave up six runs — one earned — and five hits in five innings while striking out four.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Orioles: 2B-SS Jorge Mateo had elbow surgery in Texas and is done for the season.

Dodgers: RHP Jack Flaherty has a sore wrist with minimal swelling after taking a comebacker off it on Tuesday. ... RHP Tyler Glasnow (elbow) will travel with the team to Phoenix and resume throwing Friday. ... RHP Yoshinobu Yamamoto (tricep) will make a three-inning rehab start next week and could possibly rejoin the team. ... RHP Brusdar Graterol (hamstring) threw a 30-pitch bullpen session and will make a rehab start soon.

UP NEXT

Orioles: LHP Cade Povich (1-6, 6.10) gave up five runs on a career-high eight hits, including two homers, against Houston last week.

Dodgers: RHP Bobby Miller (1-3, 7.49) struck out nine over six innings in his last start against Tampa Bay.

More from CBS News
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games on Saturday because of wildfires
Los Angeles area braces for "Particularly Dangerous Situation" as high winds return
FBI investigating Los Angeles firefighting aircraft damaged by drone
Zelenskyy offers firefighting help from Ukraine for Los Angeles-area wildfires
In: MLB Sports Shohei Ohtani Baltimore Orioles Los Angeles Dodgers

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
CBS 2
Contests & Promotions
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KCBS-TV
Public File for KCAL-TV
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/losangeles/news/ohtani-homers-and-has-2-steals-in-dodgers-6-4-win-over-orioles-he-and-his-dog-handle-first-pitch-3/ 
 ----- 
