Sections
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo

LIVE COVERAGE

Increasing winds bring potential for ‘explosive fire growth’ across L.A. County this week
DODGERS
Shohei Ohtani steals spotlight from his dog with homer, two steals in Dodgers’ victory
Shohei Ohtani rounds the bases in front of third base coach Dino Ebel after leading off the game with a homer. (Wally Skalij / Los Angeles Times)
By Jack Harris
Staff Writer
Follow
Aug. 28, 2024 Updated 10:55 PM PT
Share

Wednesday night wasn’t the first time Shohei Ohtani has stolen the show. It was, however, the first time he had to snatch the spotlight away from his dog.

On a day fans began lining up outside the Dodger Stadium gates at 8 in the morning, staking out a spot in line to get a bobblehead with Ohtani holding his dog, Dekopin (aka Decoy), in his arms, both owner and pet put on a spectacle in the Dodgers’ 6-4 win over the Baltimore Orioles.

Dekopin received the night’s first big ovation, delivering the ceremonial first “pitch” by picking up a ball in his mouth and running to home plate, where Ohtani was crouched like a catcher waiting.

From there, though, it was Ohtani who guided the Dodgers through a back-and-forth game with a fellow World Series contender in Baltimore, going two for four with a home run (his 42nd of the season), two steals (giving him 42 on the season) and three runs scored.

“I’m telling you,” manager Dave Roberts said, “any big moment, he seems to rise up to the occasion.”

Ohtani opened the scoring with a leadoff home run in the first inning, his first since last Friday’s 40-40-clinching grand slam on a line drive to right.

He was in the middle of the action in a four-run third inning, lining an opposite-field single three at-bats before Teoscar Hernández launched a go-ahead, three-run homer.

DODGERS

Watch Shohei Ohtani’s dog, Decoy, throw out first pitch at Dodger Stadium
Aug. 28, 2024

Then in the fifth, Ohtani almost single-handedly gave the Dodgers some insurance. After belting a line drive that Baltimore’s Ryan O’Hearn failed to catch at first, Ohtani went from first to third on a stolen base and wild pitch and eventually scored on a two-out error, doubling what was only a one-run lead.

“It’s a really special night,” Ohtani said through interpreter Will Ireton.

After starting August with a two-week slump — Ohtani batted just .181, albeit with seven homers, from Aug. 2 to 19 — the favorite for National League most valuable player is ending the month on a tear.

Wednesday was his fifth multihit game in the last seven. It was his 10th game with at least one home run and one steal. And, before striking out in his final at-bat in the seventh, he was serenaded with “M-V-P!” chants from a sold-out crowd of 53,290 that, even more than usual, was there for him.

And his dog.

“I heard that Decoy was going to throw the first pitch and — I’m impressed that the dog was already that trained,” Roberts said. “I guess if it’s Shohei’s dog, nothing should be that surprising. That was pretty impressive.”

Ohtani said he and Decoy had been practicing his first pitch for three weeks, including a “dry run” at the stadium.

“I hope to buy some special snack for him,” Ohtani said.

There were some nervous moments early on for the Dodgers.

After Ohtani’s leadoff blast, the Orioles struck for three runs in a second-inning rally fueled by poor defense. With one out, third baseman Max Muncy misfired on a throw to first. One batter later, Baltimore’s Cedric Mullins struck out on a pitch by Walker Buehler that was in the dirt, but Mullins reached base after catcher Will Smith seemingly forgot to throw the ball to first.

“I don’t know what team was playing defense that second inning,” Roberts said.

Instead of the inning being over, Ramón Urías laced a two-run double and James McCann added an RBI single. And it left Buehler on the verge of going off the rails, like he has all too frequently this season.

Shohei Ohtani holds Decoy after his dog delivered the first pitch before the game. (Wally Skalij / Los Angeles Times)

This time, however, the right-hander settled down, found some rhythm and completed perhaps his best start of the season.

With better first-pitch efficiency (13 for 23 on first-pitch strikes) and two-strike execution (he gave up only one hit and one walk in such a count), Buehler surrendered only one other run in 4⅔ innings — and even that was the result of more bad luck, coming on an RBI double from O’Hearn a batter after Buehler failed to get a strike call on a full-count check swing.

“We haven’t seen that in quite some time,” Roberts said of Buehler. “For him to reset, gather himself and still throw the baseball the way he did was big for his confidence, for us, and I’m looking forward for him to build on this.”

Buehler still has an ugly 5.88 earned-run average in his first season since undergoing a second Tommy John surgery in 2022. He has managed to work past the fifth inning in only three of 11 starts, a far cry from the All-Star form he once displayed as the ace of the rotation.

But over 90 pitches Wednesday, in which he struck out four and got a season-best 12 swings and misses, he at least showed some semblance of promise, helping put the Dodgers, who also got 4⅓ scoreless inning from the bullpen, in position to capitalize on Ohtani’s big night.

“I’m as encouraged as I’ve been since 2021,” Buehler said. “I didn’t have to tell myself to do something and hope it worked out. I felt a lot more like when I picked up my leg I was able to throw the ball over the plate … When I go to sleep I’ll feel like I’m somewhat myself again, and that’s a big thing for me.”

Notes

• Tyler Glasnow will resume his throwing program Friday, after having a scheduled session of catch scratched this week. Roberts said Glasnow, who went on the injured list Aug. 16 because of elbow tendinitis, didn’t feel great after starting his throwing program last week.

The Dodgers are hoping this time goes better for the 31-year-old right-hander. Roberts acknowledged this week that any further delays in Glasnow’s recovery might hamper his ability to get fully built up in time for a potential playoff run.

• Yoshinobu Yamamoto began his minor league rehab assignment with triple-A Oklahoma City on Wednesday, giving up one run in two innings while striking out two batters and sitting at 94 to 95 mph with his fastball.

• Jack Flaherty was feeling OK after taking a comebacker off his right wrist Tuesday. Flaherty’s next start will be Sunday or Monday — depending on whether the Dodgers decide to use a spot starter Sunday in Arizona (triple-A pitcher Justin Wrobleski could be an option).

• Outfielder Andy Pages probably will be the position player call-up when rosters expand in September, Roberts said.

• Catcher Austin Barnes (toe fracture) was expected to be activated Thursday, and reliever Brusdar Graterol (hamstring strain) will be going out on a rehab assignment soon, Roberts said.


More to Read
Hernández: How Shohei Ohtani drove himself to become a first-time World Series champion
Oct. 31, 2024
Hernández: Shohei Ohtani is ‘finally’ in the World Series. How he made it happen
Oct. 21, 2024
Hernández: After a season full of lessons, Walker Buehler adapting to his post-Butane era
Oct. 17, 2024
DODGERS
Jack Harris
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Jack Harris covers the Dodgers for the Los Angeles Times. Before that, he covered the Angels, the Kings and almost everything else the L.A. sports scene had to offer. A Phoenix native, he originally interned at The Times before joining the staff in 2019.

More From the Los Angeles Times

DODGERS

Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts in World Series banned from MLB games
Jan. 10, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Diego Cartaya, face potential arbitration hearing with Alex Vesia
Jan. 9, 2025

DODGERS

Analysis: With Gavin Lux gone, how Dodgers might deploy more versatile lineup in 2025
Jan. 7, 2025

DODGERS

Dodgers trade Gavin Lux to Cincinnati Reds in wake of Hyeseong Kim signing
Jan. 6, 2025
Most Read in Dodgers

DODGERS

Dodgers Dugout: Vote in our annual Hall of Fame balloting
1 hour ago
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
First, they lost their home insurance. Then, L.A. fires consumed their homes
The architecturally significant houses destroyed in L.A.’s fires
Latest Dodgers
Dodgers sign Hyeseong Kim, finalize Teoscar Hernández return as roster takes shape
Jan. 3, 2025
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Dodgers’ meeting with Roki Sasaki didn’t include in-person pitches from Ohtani or Yamamoto
Dec. 30, 2024
Analysis: How will Dodgers reward Dave Roberts? Will they land Roki Sasaki?
Dec. 31, 2024
Shohei Ohtani and his wife announce they are expecting their first child
Dec. 28, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/dodgers/story/2024-08-28/dodgers-orioles-shohei-ohtani 
 ----- 
