English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: Pakistan vs South Africa - Who will win ODI between Pakistan and South Africa?

ODI World Cup 2023: Pakistan vs South Africa - Who will win ODI between Pakistan and South Africa?
The Men in Green have suffered three consecutive losses, including an eight-wicket defeat to Afghanistan.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 25 Oct 2023 11:10 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: October 27, 2023

Time:  2:00 pm IST 

Venue: MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai

Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Match Preview:


A desperate Pakistan will take on a roaring South African team in Chennai’s MA Chidambaram Stadium. The Men in Green have suffered three consecutive losses, including an eight-wicket defeat to Afghanistan. Whereas the Proteas have emerged as one of the most commanding teams in the tournament with a massive 149-run win over Bangladesh.

Pitch Report:


The MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai has produced balanced wickets with an average score of 245. The batters can score runs and capitalise throughout the day. At the same time, fast bowlers can generate some movement and bounce with the new ball, while spinners generally wickets as the ball starts gripping. 

Team Analysis: 

Pakistan

Pakistan has seemed like a shell of the team before the World Cup as Babar Azam and Co. have struggled to get going in the ICC ODI World Cup 2023. The Pakistani batting has lacked consistency and failed to score runs at a quick rate. Similarly, the bowling has seemed toothless with no player seeming to find breakthroughs at regular intervals. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of Pakistan

Abdullah Shafique, Imam-ul-Haq, Babar Azam (c), Mohammad Rizwan (wk), Saud Shakeel, Iftikhar Ahmed, Shadab Khan, Usama Mir, Shaheen Afridi, Hasan Ali, Haris Rauf

South Africa


On the other hand, South Africa has grown into a tournament favourite with a few dominant wins. For the Proteas, their batting has been a massive strength with the likes of Quinton de Kock, Henrich Klassen, Aiden Markram and more scoring fluently. Similarly, their bowling has looked in great form, especially the pacers, who have regularly picked up wickets in the early stage of the innings.

Team News:

Proteas captain Temba Bavuma and fast bowler Lungi Ngidi missed the previous game against Bangladesh due to injury.

SportsTiger Playing XI of South Africa


Quinton de Kock (wk), Reeza Hendricks, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram (c), Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Gerald Coetzee, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Lizaad Williams

Match Prediction:


  


Conclusion:


South Africa has a better chance to win this fixture and defeat Pakistan to register their fifth win in the ICC ODI World Cup 2023.

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

ICC ODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-pakistan-vs-south-africa-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-pakistan-and-south-africa-pak-vs-sa-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
