SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
Mauritania Stuns Algeria 1-0 in AFCON Group Stage Clash

Algeria sits at the bottom of Group D standings with two points.

Sara ZouitenJan. 23, 2024 10:05 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Image from today's AFCON game between Algeria and Mauritania

Rabat - Mauritania’s national football team has shocked Algeria -- and watchers -- of the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) with a hard-fought but ultimately deserved 1-0 win.

The historic victory marked Mauritania's first ever win at the AFCON finals.

Algeria entered the group D clash as the favorites to win. However, Mauritania disrupted expectations and left Algeria in a challenging position. 

Despite putting in a strong performance and dominating possession of the ball by a whooping 76%, Algeria were unable to get through Mauritania’s defense and score a goal.

Meanwhile, Mauritania, which suffered two losses against Angola and Burkina Faso, were keen to turn the tables and improve their chances of qualifying for the next round.

They have thus tried their best to take advantage of the little ball possession they had and shock Algeria.

Mauritania’s Mohamed Dellah Yaly scored his team’s winning goal in the 37th minute of the match.

Meanwhile, Angola defeated Burkina Faso 2-0 after scoring their winning goals in the 36th minute through Mabululu, and during added time through Zini.

Following today’s matches, Angola and Burkina Faso have officially booked their tickets for the tournament’s Round of 16.

Angola is leading group D with seven points, while Burkina Faso secured the second spot with three points.

Mauritania follows with three points, while Algeria sits at the bottom of the group with two points.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Mauritanian Press Frustrated Over Algeria’s Illegal Intrusion on Mauritania Border
Algerians Attack French Journalist for Wearing Moroccan Caftan at Marrakech's CAF Awards
‘Manish_Radi’: Algeria Cracks Down on Activists Behind Social Media Campaign
Moroccans, Algerians Top List of Immigrants Ordered to Leave the EU in 2024
Viral ‘Manish Radi’ Campaign Expresses Growing Discontent with Algeria's Regime, Economic Crisis
France Dismisses Algeria’s ‘Baseless, Fanciful’ Accusations of Intelligence Interference
Biased Reporting by Bloomberg Undermines the Truth About Western Sahara
Algeria Summons French Ambassador Over Alleged Hostile Actions by French Intelligence
Recent
Popular
Comments
Palestinians In Gaza Are Dying Of Extreme Cold, Death Toll Reached 7

Shark Attack Kills Italian Tourist In Egypt’s Red Sea

Netanyahu Recovering From Surgery Amid Israel’s Genocide In Gaza

Ziyech Reportedly Demands Full Release Clause After Contract Termination By Galastaaray

CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use Of Smoke Bombs, Lasers

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360327/mauritania-stuns-algeria-1-0-in-afcon-group-stage-clash 
 ----- 
