	
SOCCER
Safa refutes claims Broos is leaving
Reports allege Belgian will coach SA for the final time tonight then quit
 26 March 2024 - 07:02 
	
Neville Khoza
SPORTS JOURNALIST
Bafana coach Hugo Broos has been linked with a move to Tunisia, but Safa says it is not true.
Image: Samuel Shivambu/BackpagePix Staff

The SA Football Association (Safa) has dismissed reports from Tunisia that Bafana Bafana head coach Hugo Broos has agreed to join them.

Reports from Tunisia claimed yesterday that Broos will be coaching Bafana for the last time when they face Algeria in the second Fifa Series friendly at Nelson Mandela Stadium in Algiers tonight (11pm).

Noussor media and Mosaique FM reported that "Tunisia FA has found its coach in Broos", and that they are currently waiting for him to negotiate his exit with Safa.

But Safa head of communications Mninawa Ntloko refuted the reports, saying nothing had changed regarding Broos' future with Bafana. The Belgian's contract runs until after World Cup 2026.

"The coach answered this very same question during a Zoom press briefing with SA media a couple of days ago and nothing has changed," Ntloko, who is with Bafana in Algeria, replied to the Sowetan on WhatsApp.

"We are on our way to training at the match venue as we speak. I'm on the team bus with the coach and we are going to training."

Last month, the Belgian coach denied reports that he was in contact with Tunisia or Algeria for the head coach job.

Broos ‘will play Rayners’ and a full strength Bafana against Algeria
Hugo Broos did his experimenting against Andorra and will play an effective full-strength line-up in Bafana Bafana’s second friendly of the month ...
SPORT9 months ago

Since the Afcon tournament ended, Broos has been linked with moves to Tunisia or Algeria after he guided Bafana to third-place finish. However, he has continued to pledge his loyalty with the senior national team.

“I can say to you today there is nothing, really nothing. If Hugo Broos is leaving SA, then it will be because the federation decides to [release me]. That’s all, I’m happy with my job," Broos said after the Afcon.

Safa CEO Lydia Monyepao could not be reached for comment as she was in a meeting yesterday.

Meanwhile, Bafana striker Iqraam Rayners, who is expected to lead the attack against Algeria tonight after Broos confirmed he will play, is excited about the match.

"It is always a good opportunity to play for the national team and I'm happy to be here," Rayners told the Safa media yesterday.

"The guys always motivate me and this is a good opportunity. I want to score one or two goals and help the team win, that's what matters to me."

Broos to opt for Bafana big guns in Algeria friendly
While Hugo Broos was left impressed with his new-look Bafana Bafana players during their 1-1 draw with Andorra on Thursday, he is going to field a ...
SPORT9 months ago
Bafana coach Broos wary of Algeria on the rebound from Afcon
Hugo Broos is wary of an Algeria on the rebound from their disappointing Africa Cup of Nations and eager to impress new coach Vladimir Petković when ...
SPORT9 months ago
Broos fuming over Rulani's revealing Bafana pair's injuries in the media
Another club versus country row looks to be on the cards as Bafana Bafana Hugo Broos detailed how his Mamelodi Sundowns counterpart Rulani Mokwena ...
SPORT9 months ago
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Register (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

REGISTER
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

LATEST VIDEOS
DBE Minister, Siviwe Gwarube to address commencement of BELA Act recommendations
ANC briefing on full implementation of the BELA bill
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
"Facing HVAC Issues? Call Us Before It Gets Worse!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Learn More
WATCH | Three suspects accu sed of stabbing Orkney resort owner to appear in court
Three suspects are expected to...
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
Learn More
Man, 28, arrested for statutor y rape of 13-year-old who gave birth on Christmas Day
A 28-year-old man has been arres...
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/ U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
“You're a coloured from Mitchells...
SowetanLIVE
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.
Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our terms & conditions and privacy policy.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sowetanlive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-03-26-safa-refutes-claims-broos-is-leaving/ 
 ----- 
