Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
Bafana Bafana to play Congo again. Image: @bafanabafana/X
Hugo Broos names Bafana Bafana XI to face Algeria!

Take a look at the latest team news ahead of tonight’s Fifa Series encounter between Algeria and Bafana Bafana below.

By Zaahid Nanabhay
26-03-24 22:09
in Bafana Bafana

Bafana Bafana return to Fifa Series action tonight when they face hosts Algeria.

Hugo Broos’ side opened their ‘mini cup’ with a disappointing 1-1 draw against minnows Andorra.

Take a look at the latest team news ahead of tonight’s clash between Algeria and Bafana at the Nelson Mandela Stadium in Algiers below.

ALGERIA VS BAFANA BAFANA: STARTING XI’S

Algeria XI: Zeghba, Guitoun, Mandi, Madani, Aït-Nouri, Aouar, Bentaleb, Benzia, Amoura, Brahimi, Bounedjah.

South Africa XI: Williams, Mobbie, Kekana, Xulu, Modiba, Mokoena, Monare, Appollis, Zwane, Mayambela, Rayners.

Subs: Bvuma, Goss, Mashego, Mayo, Margeman, Xoki, Mosele, Mokwana, Sibisi, Mbanjwa, Morena.

Algeria and South Africa meet on Tuesday, 26 March, at the Stade Nelson Mandela. The match is scheduled to get underway at 23:00 SAST.

Bafana fans will be able to watch the match live on SABC1. The match will also be televised on SuperSport TV.

WE NEED TO CONTINUE BUILDING – BROOS

“It’s important that we go on from what we achieve in the Afcon. It’s not enough to be in third place and become 10th in the CAF rankings for two to three months only and then we are back in number 13,” Bafana coach Hugo Broos told IOL.

“Therefore, we have to go on now and try to get good results because we have to try to get better places in the rankings. We can also only do it with results.

“Friendly games are becoming very important. So we will try to get good results in those two because we can win points and get a better position in the CAF ranking.”

“We also have some new players, younger players, with us. I hope that maybe they can show me that I can count on them for the next months, for the qualifiers for the World Cup and Afcon,” the Bafana coach added.

“And that maybe little by little, we can put those players in the team. That’s what we want to do in the next few months, besides to qualify for Afcon and World Cup.”

Do you think Bafana will come out victorious tonight? Let us know in the comments section below what your predicted scoreline is.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE STORIES BY Zaahid Nanabhay.

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
Algeria
andorra
Bafana Bafana
FIFA
Hugo Broos
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/soccer/bafana-bafana/hugo-broos-names-bafana-bafana-xi-algeria/ 
 ----- 
