Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
Bafana Bafana team against Andorra in Anabba, Algeria. Image: @bafanabafana/X.
Hugo Broos’ last Bafana Bafana team? Here’s the predicted XI vs Algeria!

Bafana Bafana are set to take on Algeria in what could be Hugo Broos’ last game in charge tonight. Here is our predicted starting XI with 10 changes.

By Yolulwe Qoshe
26-03-24 17:30
in Premier Soccer League

Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos could be naming his final starting line up against Algeria tonight. 

Bafana are set to play their second and final FIFA Series game at the Nelson Mandela Stadium in Algeria tonight.

The South Africans will be looking to salvage their pride, when they take on the Algerians tonight. This is after an embarrassing 1-1 draw against an Andorran side that had not won a game in 15 internationals. The visitors scored first and early in that game, after goalkeeper Ricardo Goss saw the ball stuck under his feet. Bafana were able to equalise before half time, thanks to a good finish from Elias Mokwana. The reported Kaizer Chiefs and Orlando Pirates target was perhaps the only player who put his hand up to Broos. 

With that being said, Broos has already said that he will do no experimenting in his starting side against Algeria. That should, in turn see Bafana resembling a team close to their starting line up from their bronze medal run at Afcon. Even though Broos had some players pulling out due to injury, there are still some at the Belgian’s disposal. 

HAS ENOUGH FIRE POWER AT HIS DISPOSAL

The likes of Khuliso Mudau, Mothobi Mvala, Siphephelo Sithole, Thapelo Morena and Evidence Makgopa all pulled out. Senior forward Percy Tau was also not selected for personal reasons. Broos will be able to call on of Ronwen Williams, Aubrey Modiba, Themba Zwane, Teboho Mokoena to name a few. Beyond that some Afcon fringe players who didn’t play against Andorra. Players like Oswin Appollis, Mihlali Mayambela and Siyanda Xulu. 

With that being said, here is our Bafana  predicted XI for the Algeria match: 

PREDICTED BAFANA SIDE VS ALGERIA

Williams, Modiba, Sydney Mobbie, Kekana, Xulu, Mokoena, Thabang Monare, Zwane, Mayambela, Appollis, Iqram Rayners. 

Rayners and Appollis will be hoping to convince Broos that they can play for Bafana against top opposition like Algeria. Kick off for this encounter is at 23h00 South African time. 

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
Bafana Bafana
Featured
Hugo Broos
Important
latest soccer news
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/soccer/psl-south-africa/hugo-broos-last-bafana-bafana-team-heres-the-predicted-xi-vs-algeria/ 
 ----- 
