Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
France searching for swing amid tough spell
Share
France searching for swing amid tough spell
September 23rd, 2023

Daniel Kramer

@DKramer_
Share

ARLINGTON -- Fourteen months feels like yesterday and eons ago for Ty France, who on Saturday afternoon reflected on what’s been perhaps the most trying stretch of his career in the visiting clubhouse at Globe Life Field.

It wasn’t long ago that in this very room, he was being informed on the final day of the first half of 2022 that he’d been selected to his first All-Star Game. The venue is merely a coincidence, yet the disparity of where his offensive game has gone from then to now is stark.

“I think a lot of it's just, mechanically, I just haven't really been able to find my swing since the All-Star break last year,” France said. “I’ve been trying to find it, but yeah, it just hasn't been able to happen.

“It's kind of hard not to get frustrated when you have such high expectations for yourself and have proved that you're capable of competing at the highest level, and you go out there every day and it's just not there.”

France hit into a game-ending groundout with the bases loaded on Friday while representing the go-ahead run. He was hardly the lone culprit on a night where the Mariners fell into an eight-run deficit before marginally clawing their way back. Yet a dissection of that one key sequence reveals a greater story of his struggles.

Ty France, the day after his game-ending groundout:

"I've got to find that comfort and that feeling of 'I can hit,' and right now, I don't feel like I'm where I need to be. There are nine games left. We're in a hunt for first place, so I'm going to do everything I can." pic.twitter.com/NS9gPxgZHu

— Daniel Kramer (@DKramer_) September 23, 2023

France yanked a 98.3 mph fastball toward the pull-side hole and nearly into left field, but Texas third baseman Josh Jung made a diving grab and throw to halt the rally. It was the first pitch France saw against Aroldis Chapman, who was on the ropes, and it was off the plate inside, out of the strike zone; an offering with which any right-handed hitter would have had trouble. France also struck out swinging in the sixth on a fastball as part of an 0-for-5 night.

“There have been some at-bats where he gets away from his approach a little bit,” Mariners manager Scott Servais said. “He wants to contribute. He wants to help his team as bad as anybody, certainly here down the stretch. And he's capable of doing it. He's just got to get back to swinging at the right pitches.”

Related
J-Rod makes Three Kings Day extra special

January 10th, 2025

Mariners reach agreements with all arb-eligible players, including Raleigh & Kirby

January 9th, 2025

Mariners add another relief arm, claim Jay off waivers

January 9th, 2025

These 6 big roster Q's await Cincy this offseason

September 18th, 2024

Reds acquire France in attempt to shore up 1B

July 30th, 2024

Mariners send France to Reds for Minors catcher

July 29th, 2024

Indeed, France’s expected batting average and expected slugging percentage are both far above his actual numbers in September (.239 to .194 and .349 to .209, respectively), illustrating that some of his hard-hit balls aren’t landing.

However, part of that could be correlated to a 49% ground ball rate this month, France's highest for any month this season. And given that his sprint speed ranks in Statcast’s seventh percentile, it’s hard for him to reach base unless he’s getting the ball in the air.

Players in ruts like France’s can tend to try swinging their way out of them -- especially contact specialists. France’s 81.3% contact rate since joining Seattle at the 2020 Trade Deadline is the highest among players still with the team.

As Statcast shows, France is swinging more regularly at all pitch types out of the strike zone.

Yet, his chase rate (swings on out-of-zone pitches) is up to 37.4% in September, a stretch in which he has a .508 OPS with just one extra-base hit (a double) in 77 plate appearances. He had an .846 OPS in the first half of 2022, his All-Star stretch.

“It's a curse and a blessing,” France said. “There are a lot of pitches where I get myself out because my bat-to-ball [tool] is, I'm very good at putting the bat on the ball. And then I ended up making weak contact and get myself out.”

France also dealt with a rough patch last season, though he revealed this spring that much of that struggle was rooted in a lingering left elbow injury.

“Trying to play through what I did, it just kind of just threw me off mechanically,” he said. “And it takes a while to fix bad habits. Not saying it should take this long, but I've been trying to figure out what's going on and compensate. And it just hasn't been there.”

France’s locker in the visiting clubhouse is in the same corner where he was informed that he was heading to his first Midsummer Classic. But during this road trip, he’s trying to dig himself out of a rut in the thick of a pennant chase.

“By no means am I saying I'm crushed and I can't go out there,” France said. “I know I'm a really good Major League Baseball player. I have the track record. ... It's one of those things where it just hasn't gone my way this year.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Ty France

Daniel Kramer covers the Mariners for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ty-france-discusses-struggles-on-offense 
 ----- 
