Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Texas Rangers Increase AL West Lead on Astros With Another Win Over Mariners
Texas Rangers extend their American League West lead over the Houston Astros with another win against Seattle Mariners.
Stefan Stevenson | Sep 23, 2023
Texas Rangers Increase AL West Lead on Astros With Another Win Over Mariners /
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Seattle Mariners

ARLINGTON, Texas – The Texas Rangers increased their lead atop the American League West to 1.5 games with a 2-0 over the Seattle Mariners Saturday night at Globe Life Field.

The Houston Astros (85-70) lost to the Royals for the second consecutive game Saturday night. The loss drops them back 1.5games in the AL West Division race.

The Rangers (86-68) now lead the Mariners (84-70) by two games in the division. The Toronto Blue Jays lost on a walk-off to the Tampa Bay Rays and remain a game ahead of the Astros for the second of three Wild Card spots.

With the win over Seattle, Texas secured a postseason tiebreaker with the Mariners. The Rangers have won four consecutive games and 10 of their past 14.

Adolis Garcia scored both Rangers runs in the second and fourth innings. Garcia doubled with one out in the second and later scored on Mitch Garver's opposite-field single to right. In the fourth, Garcia walked, stole second, and scored on Jonah Heim's single to left to give Texas a 2-0 lead. Both Garcia and Garver were 2 for 3.

Meanwhile, Jordan Montgomery gave the Rangers its most clutch starting performance of the season. He held Seattle scoreless on five hits and two walks and struck out six in seven innings. He improved to 10-11 overall, and 4-2 with Texas.

Rangers 2, Mariners 2

Here are the key moments from Saturday's game:

Ace Jordan Montgomery

All things considered, Jordan Montgomery has been the closest thing to an ace for the Rangers in September. The left-hander who was acquired in a trade with the St. Louis Cardinals at the Aug. 1 trade deadline, has allowed just one run in his past three starts, a span of 21 innings. That includes Saturday's seven scoreless innings while holding the Mariners to five hits and two walks.

Montgomery has gone at least six innings in his 10 starts for Texas, including seven innings in each of his past three starts.

Right Time For a Shutout

Saturday's 2-0 win is the Rangers' 12th shutout win this season and first since a 4-0 win over Toronto on Sept. 13. It's the most shutouts for Texas since they had 17 in 2014.

Rare Company For Adolis Garcia

Adolis García is just the ninth player in (93 HR/50 SB) Washington/Texas franchise history to record 90 or more career home runs and 50 or more career stolen bases as a member of the team. Garcia has 93 homers and 50 stolen bases. The only other MLB players with 90+ homers and 50+ stolen bases over the last three seasons are Shohei Ohtani (124 HR/57 SB) and Marcus Semien (96 HR/54 SB), according to Stathead.

Up Next

Rangers right-hander Nathan Eovaldi (11-4, 3.05) face Mariners right-hander Bryan Woo (4-4, 3.90) in the series finale at 1:35 p.m. Sunday.

You can follow Stefan Stevenson on Twitter @StefanVersusTex.

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook, Twitter, TikTok and Instagram.

Published Sep 23, 2023
STEFAN STEVENSON

Stefan Stevenson worked as a journalist and editor at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram for 25 years, covering sports, concerts, and general news. His beats have included the Dallas Cowboys, the Texas Rangers, and Texas Christian University football.

Follow StefanVersusTex

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/texas-rangers-al-west-standings-playoffs-seattle-mariners-score 
 ----- 
