Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Texas Rangers Broadcasters Go Viral For Ripping Seattle Mariners' Uniforms
In the midst of a playoff race, the Texas Rangers broadcasters elected to spend time ripping the uniforms of the Seattle Mariners.
Brady Farkas | Sep 23, 2023
Texas Rangers Broadcasters Go Viral For Ripping Seattle Mariners' Uniforms /
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Seattle Mariners

In the midst of a critical game with playoff implications on Friday night, the Texas Rangers broadcast crew elected to spend time ripping the uniforms of the opponent: The Seattle Mariners.

"Awful Announcing" had the story, which centered on the fact that the Rangers' broadcast team didn't like the way the letters were spaced out on the Mariners' alternate blue jerseys.

Dave Raymond and C.J. Nitkowski are the broadcasters involved and you can hear their thoughts from the tweet below:

Awful Announcing put up a transcription of their comments as well:

“One issue with Seattle, there’s this thing, called kerneling?” “Say it again?” “The distance between letters, like, the font, right?” “What’s it called?” “Kerning, kerning.” “That’s right. …I learned a handful of new words from you in our seven years, put that one down.” “Yeah, kerning, it’s that space between letters? It should be uniform, right? When you look at Haggerty’s name on the back, the H to the A, there’s too big a gap. And they do that, they have this problem, maybe it’s their schtick, maybe it’s a Seattle bit that they do, where they like to make the back, the jersey looks so goofy. The names are just laid out terribly. And frankly, it drives me nuts.”

For what it's worth, the broadcasters are right: The uniform lettering is off and weird, but in a playoff race, that might not be the first thing that comes to mind.

The Rangers beat the Mariners 8-5 and now hold a 1.0 game lead on Seattle in the race for the American League West. The Houston Astros are sandwiched in-between them at 0.5 games back of Texas.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Texas Rangers coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Rangers.

Published Sep 23, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/texas-rangers-broadcast-team-goes-viral-for-ripping-lettering-and-spacing-on-seattle-mariners-uniforms 
 ----- 
