SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE
MARKO ARNAUTOVIC ADMITS AUSTRIA BACK IN BUSINESS AFTER NORWAY THRASHING
Marko Arnautovic admits Austria back in business after Norway thrashing
Reuters,
14.10.2024 06:58
Austria are now tied on seven points with leaders Norway and Slovenia
REUTERS / Annegret Hilse
Austria captain Marko Arnautovic (35) said his side are playing like their true selves again after they followed up last week's 4-0 win over Kazakhstan by thrashing Norway 5-1 in the Nations League on Sunday.

Austria got off to a slow start in Group B3 last month with a 1-1 draw in Slovenia and a 2-1 defeat in Oslo, but back-to-back victories in Linz have reignited their campaign.

Austria are now tied on seven points with leaders Norway and Slovenia, with the side finishing top of the group earning direct promotion to Nations League A.

"The games against Slovenia and Norway away weren't us," said Arnautovic, who was named player of the match. "We needed time to get back into it. The last two games are exactly us."

Manager Ralf Rangnick said he was impressed by how the team handled Norway's attack, which features prolific forward Erling Haaland.

"We were a bit lucky at the start when Haaland hit the post, but even then we controlled the game," he said.

"The goal we conceded was a bit unfortunate at the time. But the team's reaction was fantastic. What I particularly liked was that we never stopped."

Austria are schedule to visit Kazakhstan and host Slovenia next month.

"I'm convinced that we can also win both games in November," attacking midfielder Christoph Baumgartner said. "Then we'll be group winners and back in League A, where I think we belong."

MENTIONS
Football
UEFA Nations League
Austria
Norway
Marko Arnautovic
Related Articles
Italy coach Luciano Spalletti keeping options open for Israel Nations League match
14.10.2024 05:23
Greece continue fine form with Nations League win over Ireland
13.10.2024 20:53
Five-star Austria thrash Norway in Nations League to boost promotion hopes
13.10.2024 20:43
Show more
Football
Former England assistant Steve Holland appointed Yokohama F Marinos manager
46 min ago
Brazil legend Ronaldo running to be president of nation's FA
1 h ago
Iraola and Lopetegui both left wanting more after Bournemouth draw with West Ham
1 h ago
Simone Inzaghi hails Inter Milan players after side thrash in-form Lazio
1 h ago
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
11 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
11 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
11 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
13 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
13 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
15 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
James Wade dumped out of Darts World Championship by Jermaine Wattimena
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-uefa-nations-league-marko-arnautovic-admits-austria-back-in-business-after-norway-thrashing/0pPCzeGc/ 
 ----- 
