  
West Ham vs. Liverpool: 18 hrs 39 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Norwich vs. QPRPreview: Preston vs. Sheff WedsPreview: Udinese vs. TorinoPreview: Sheff Utd vs. West BromToday's previews
Home > Football > Euro 2024 > Czech Republic > Features
Euro 2024
HomeNewsGroupsFixturesResultsSquadsQualifyingAll you need to knowSchedule
FOOTBALL
Greatest European Championship moments of all time
By Oliver Thomas, Senior Reporter
Published: June 5 2024 | 23:00
Last updated: June 7 2024 | 11:52

The 17th instalment of the European Championship is nearly upon us, with the excitement building among the 24 nations vying for continental glory at this summer's Euro 2024 tournament.

Three years on from their historic penalty-shootout triumph over England in the final, holders Italy will be among the countries seeking sporting immortality along with the Three Lions, Spain, France, Portugal, the Netherlands and host nation Germany.

Some of the biggest names and biggest games in world football have been staged in Europe's most prestigious quadrennial international competition, and there have been a plethora of memorable moments during its 66-year history.

Here, Sports Mole takes a look at the top 10 greatest European Championship moments of all time.


10. Poborksy's stunning scoop

Underdogs Czech Republic required a moment of magic to edge past Portugal's golden generation in the quarter-finals of Euro 1996, and up stepped Karel Poborsky - one of many standout Czech performers - to deliver the goods in the second half.

The midfielder only scored eight goals across his 118 international appearances for his country, but his best was netted at a crucial moment in the second half of their contest at Villa Park, where he bundled his way through three Portuguese defenders before scooping an audacious lob from the edge of the penalty area up and over goalkeeper Vitor Baia, who had raced off his line.

Not only did Poborsky's magnificent strike send his country into the semi-finals, but it also significantly contributed to him securing a high-profile move to Manchester United after the tournament.


9. Extra-time, penalty drama as Turkey edge past Croatia

After eliminating England en route to qualifying for Euro 2008, Croatia won three games out of three to surprisingly top their group ahead of Germany, Austria and Poland, but they came up short in dramatic fashion against Turkey at the quarter-final stage.

After 119 minutes without a goal, Ivan Klasnic thought he had snatched victory for Croatia, and so did manager Slaven Bilic who ran on to the pitch along with the entire bench in celebration. However, Turkey immediately went up the other end and equalised through Semih Senturk to force penalties.

A 23-year-old Luka Modric and a 20-year-old Ivan Rakitic both failed to convert from 12 yards for Croatia along with Mladen Petric, while Turkey were perfect from their three spot kicks to seal a memorable 3-1 shootout triumph and progress to the semi-finals.


8. Gascoigne's wondergoal and 'dentist chair' celebration

The flick, the finish and the iconic celebration. Arguably the greatest European Championship moment for England fans was when maverick midfielder Paul Gascoigne fired the Three Lions to a 2-0 victory over rivals Scotland in the group stage of Euro 1996.

After Alan Shearer had opened the scoring eight minutes into the second half, Gascoigne stepped up and delivered the killer blow 12 minutes from time. The then Rangers man burst forward to receive the ball, which he effortlessly flicked over Colin Hendry with his left foot before firing a right-footed volley into the bottom corner.

Gascoigne then laid behind the goal as his teammates squirted water into his mouth to create the 'dentist chair' celebration in response to the drinking scandal involving members of the England team during a pre-tournament trip to Hong Kong.


7. Nine-goal thriller in first-ever European Championship game

You have to go all the way back to the summer of 1960 for the first-ever game at the European Championship, formerly known as European Nations' Cup, between host nation France and eventual winners Yugoslavia.

Despite going a goal behind inside the first 11-minutes, France fired themselves into a 3-1 lead seven minutes after the break, and shortly after Ante Zanetic pulled one back for Yugoslavia, Francois Huette netted his second of the match to put Les Bleus 4-2 ahead.

However, Yugoslavia would not go down without a fight and they mounted a remarkable comeback, scoring three goals in the final 15 minutes - including two strikes in two minutes from Drazan Jerkovic - to secure a famous 5-4 victory en route to winning the inaugural tournament.


6. Trezeguet's Golden Goal fires France to glory

Four years after Germany's Oliver Bierhoff scored the first-ever Golden Goal to decide a major tournament, France forward David Trezeguet became the second and final player to experience the euphoria of netting a European Championship-winning Golden Goal in the Euro 2000 showpiece.

Les Bleus were on the verge of suffering a slender defeat to Italy before Sylvain Wiltord scored a dramatic 94th-minute equaliser to send the thrilling final into extra time, when Trezeguet etched his name into French folklore.

Robert Pires burst down the left before cutting the ball back for Trezeguet to smash a first-time volley high into the net in the 109th minute, sparking jubilant scenes as well as securing France's second and most recent Euros title to date.


5. Platini's pivotal extra-time winner

© Reuters

France also left it late to win their semi-final showdown with Portugal at Euro 1984. Les Bleus were spearheaded by national hero Michel Platini, who claimed the Golden Boot after scoring an impressive nine goals in just five games to propel France to their first major tournament triumph.

Following a 1-1 draw in normal time, Rui Jordao scored his second of the contest to put Portugal ahead in extra time, before Jean-Francois Domergue bundled home an equaliser. Both nations pushed for a winner, but it was France who prevailed thanks to the brilliance of Juventus star Platini.

Jean Tigana weaved his way down the right towards the byline before cutting a cross back to Platini, who showed superb composure at a pivotal moment to net a dramatic 119th-minute winner from close range, sparking wild scenes in Marseille.


4. Schmeichel save inspires Denmark to shock Euros triumph

© Reuters

Denmark were regarded as major underdogs heading into Euro 1992 having famously failed to qualify for the tournament before replacing Yugoslavia, who had been disqualified.

However, the Scandinavian outfit pulled off an almighty upset to win their first European Championship title, and en route to glory, they had goalkeeper Peter Schmeichel to thank for their success at the semi-final stage against holders Netherlands.

After Denmark were pegged back twice by the Oranje to draw 2-2 in normal time, penalties were required to separate the two teams and Manchester United shot-stopper Schmeichel became the hero, as he crucially saved Marco van Basten's spot kick to secure a 5-4 shootout win for the Danes.


3. The birth of the 'Panenka penalty'

Euro 1976 was the tournament where the famous 'Panenka penalty' was born, created by namesake Antonin Panenka in Czech Republic's 5-3 shootout victory over West Germany in the final.

Bernd Holzenbein scored an 89th-minute equaliser for West Germany to level the scores at 2-2 and send the contest into extra time. Penalties were eventually required, though, and after seven successful spot kicks, Ulrich Hoeness failed to convert his effort from 12 yards, providing Panenka with the opportunity to become the hero with Czechia's final penalty.

Instead of opting from pure power or placing a shot into one of the corners, Panenka nonchalantly dinked his effort straight down the middle of the goal - an iconic strike that secured Euros glory and has since been replicated by many players in the modern era.


2. Greece stun Portugal to win Euro 2004

© Reuters

Similarly to Denmark at Euro 1992, no one had given rank outsiders Greece a chance of winning the tournament in 2004, but they pulled off one of the greatest shocks in football history, a triumph bookended by victories over hosts Portugal.

After beating Portugal 2-1 in the opening fixture of the tournament before going on to finish second in their group, Greece navigated their way past France and Czech Republic in the knockout rounds before renewing acquaintances with Portugal in the final.

Greece were still viewed as underdogs against a Portuguese outfit boasting stars including Cristiano Ronaldo and Luis Figo, but they relished that status and secured a slender 1-0 victory in Lisbon thanks to Angelos Charisteas's second-half goal.


1. Van Basten's iconic volley

It is fair to say that the most memorable moment and most iconic goal ever scored at the European Championship to date was netted at the 1988 tournament by Netherlands legend and Golden Boot winner Marco van Basten.

The fact that Van Batsen's majestic volley from the tightest of angles was scored in the final, securing a 2-0 over the Soviet Union, only enhances the greatness of his goal.

In a formidable Dutch side including the likes of Ronald Koeman, Ruud Gullit and Frank Rijkaard, Van Basten stole the headlines on the day. After receiving a deep cross from the left by Arnold Muhren, few would have expected Van Basten to attempt a strike at goal, let alone perfectly execute a dipping volley beyond a bewildered Rinat Dasayev to crown the Oranje European champions for the first time.


Written by
Oliver Thomas
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free match previews newsletter! Updates are sent twice a week.  
Read more about Karel Poborsky Vitor Baia Ivan Klasnic Slaven Bilic Semih Senturk Luka Modric Ivan Rakitic Mladen Petric Paul Gascoigne Alan Shearer Colin Hendry Ante Zanetic Drazan Jerkovic Francois Huette Oliver Bierhoff David Trezeguet Sylvain Wiltord Robert Pires Michel Platini Rui Jordao Jean Tigana Jean-Francois Domergue Peter Schmeichel Marco van Basten Antonin Panenka Bernd Holzenbein Angelos Charisteas Cristiano Ronaldo Luis Figo Ronald Koeman Ruud Gullit Frank Rijkaard Arnold Muhren Rinat Dasayev Ulrich Hoeness Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
Euro 2024 squads: England, Germany, France and every squad named for Euro 2024
Statement of intent: Barcelona 'win race' for in-demand centre-back
Man United 'make Zirkzee decision' amid Juventus, Napoli 'interest'
"I will make things clear" - Ronaldo says he would fix Man United if he became club's owner
Top European Championship goalscorers of all time
Euro 2024 predictions: How will this summer's tournament map out?
100% Euro Champs qualifying records: How they fared
The ultimate treble-winning combined XI - Messi, Cruyff, Lewandowski
Sport News 24/7 
Serie A
FT
	Empoli	1-2	Genoa
FT
	Parma	2-1	Monza
FT
	Cagliari	0-3	Inter Milan
FT
	Lazio	1-1	Atalanta
Primeira Liga
FT
	AVS	1-1	Estrela Amadora
FT
	Estoril	2-2	Moreirense
FT
	Porto	4-0	Boavista
Scottish Championship
FT
	Ayr	0-0	Morton
FT
	Hamilton	3-2	Airdrieonians
FT
	Partick	2-1	Queen's Park
FT
	Raith Rovers	2-1	Livingston
Scottish League One
FT
	Alloa	1-3	Stenhousemuir
FT
	Arbroath	3-0	Montrose
FT
	Dumbarton	2-0	Kelty Hearts
FT
	Inverness	1-4	Cove Rangers
FT
	QotS	1-1	Annan
Scottish League Two
FT
	Elgin	2-0	Peterhead
FT
	Forfar	2-2	Stirling
FT
	Spartans	1-0	Edinburgh
FT
	Stranraer	1-1	Clyde
Australian A-League
FT
	Wellington	2-1	Newcastle Jets
FT
	Central Coast	1-4	Auckland FC
FT
	Sydney FC	3-0	Victory
Gulf Cup of Nations
FT
	Bahrain	1-2	Yemen
FT
	Iraq	1-3	Saudi Arabia
Gallagher Premiership
FT
	Bath	68-10	Saracens
FT
	Saints	61-0	Newcastle
6pm
	Harlequins	vs	Leicester Tigers
NFL
6pm
	Chargers	@	Patriots
9.30pm
	Broncos	@	Bengals
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
	Team	P	GD	PTS
1	Liverpool	17	23	42
2	Arsenal	18	19	36
3	Chelsea	18	17	35
4	Nottingham Forest	18	5	34
5	Newcastle United	18	9	29
6	Bournemouth	18	6	29
7	Manchester City	18	4	28
8	Fulham	18	3	28
9	Aston Villa	18	-3	28
10	Brighton & Hove Albion	18	1	26
11	Brentford	18	0	24
12	Tottenham Hotspur	18	13	23
13	West Ham United	18	-7	23
14	Manchester United	18	-3	22
15	Everton	17	-7	17
16	Crystal Palace	18	-8	17
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers	18	-11	15
18	Leicester City	18	-18	14
19	Ipswich Town	18	-17	12
20	Southampton	18	-26	6

> Premier League Full Table
1
Statement of intent: Barcelona 'win race' for in-demand centre-back
2
Ipswich vs. Chelsea - prediction, team news, lineups
3
'Get rid at all costs' - Leicester eyeing January move for unwanted defender?
4
Reds to hammer Irons? Why Slot has nearly wrapped up Premier League title
5
Could Nkunku, Joao Felix get a chance? Chelsea predicted lineup vs. Ipswich
6
Phillips to make way for returning Morsy? Ipswich predicted lineup vs. Chelsea
7
Chelsea out to end Premier League streak in Ipswich Town game
8
West Ham vs. Liverpool injury, suspension list, predicted XIs
9
Aston Villa vs. Brighton - prediction, team news, lineups
10
Man Utd vs. Newcastle - prediction, team news, lineups
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
1
Manage Notifications
SUBSCRIBE
Your personal notification data:
DOWNLOAD
CLEAR
WonderPush fully supports european GDPR
Want all the latest football news and transfer gossip on your favourite teams?
You can always unsubscribe at any time.
Later
Subscribe
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/czech-republic/euro-2024/feature/greatest-european-championship-moments-of-all-time_545290.html 
 ----- 
