BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Scotland
Men's Scores & Fixtures
Women's Scores & Fixtures
Men's Table
Women's Table
Scottish Football
ADVERTISEMENT
Gordon & Souttar cut from Scotland's Euro 2024 squad
Media caption,

Published
6 June 2024
Updated 7 June 2024

Goalkeeper Craig Gordon and defender John Souttar have both been excluded from the final Scotland squad for Euro 2024.

Head coach Steve Clarke had to trim his group from 28 to 26 for the tournament following Friday's home friendly with Finland.

And after Hearts veteran Gordon, 41, earned his 75th cap from the bench against the Finns, it was confirmed that he will miss out.

Gordon has played just seven matches since breaking his leg in December 2022 and Rangers centre-back Souttar has also had injury troubles.

The 27-year-old missed the last three matches of the season through injury, and will not add to his nine international appearances in Germany.

"John is one of the ones that misses out," Clarke told BBC Scotland. "I just felt I had enough cover in that position on the right.

Scotland held by Finland in final warm-up

'For Scotland, no party, as Euros farewell falls flat'

Published
7 June

Latest Scotland news & views plus have your say

"Both conversations were really tough but the one with Craig was particularly emotional.

"I promised I'd put him on the pitch tonight. I don't want to be the guy that left him out of the Euros and didn't give him his 75th cap.

"I'm sure Craig, the person he is, the manner he's got, the determination he's got to prove people wrong, it won't stop at 75.

"He's still going at 41 but it's not in his mind so it's not going to be in my mind."

Clarke lost Aaron Hickey, Nathan Patterson and Lewis Ferguson to injuries before assembling his provisional group.

Since then Lyndon Dykes and Ben Doak have withdrawn, with Tommy Conway and Lewis Morgan called up and both the latter two will go to Germany.

Scotland Euro 2024 squad

Goalkeepers: Angus Gunn (Norwich City), Zander Clark (Hearts), Liam Kelly (unattached).

Defenders: Andy Robertson (Liverpool), Kieran Tierney (Real Sociedad), Jack Hendry (Al Ettifaq), Ryan Porteous (Watford), Liam Cooper (Leeds United), Scott McKenna (FC Copenhagen), Grant Hanley (Norwich City), Greg Taylor (Celtic), Anthony Ralston (Celtic), Ross McCrorie (Bristol City).

Midfielders: Callum McGregor (Celtic), Ryan Christie (Bournemouth), Billy Gilmour (Brighton & Hove Albion), John McGinn (Aston Villa), Kenny McLean (Norwich City), Scott McTominay (Manchester United), Stuart Armstrong (unattached), Ryan Jack (Rangers).

Forwards: Che Adams (Southampton), Tommy Conway (Bristol City), James Forrest (Celtic), Lewis Morgan (New York Red Bulls), Lawrence Shankland (Hearts).

Pick your Scotland XI
Pick your Scotland XI for the European Championship in Germany.
Selected formation:
4-3-3
, Change formation
Choose goalkeeper

Choose right back

Choose right centre back

Choose left centre back

Choose left back

Choose right centre midfield

Choose centre midfield

Choose left centre midfield

Choose right wing

Choose strike

Choose left wing

What information do we collect from this quiz?
Related topics
Football
Scotland Men's Football Team
Top stories

Littler fights past White and into Worlds fourth round

Published
8 hours ago

Chargers thrash Patriots to book NFL play-off spot

Published
17 minutes ago

Atalanta stay top of Serie A with late equaliser at Lazio

Published
9 hours ago
Elsewhere on the BBC

The school run and playdate politics

Parenting chaos, PTA drama and no alone time

Challenging the news to a game of football

A mischievous look behind the week's headlines with clips, unexpected guests, and satire

A tale of ambition and fame gone wrong

From promises of a medical revolution to losing it all

Saturnalia: Celebrate the Ancient Roman mid-winter festival

Natalie Haynes creates stand-up routines about figures from ancient Greece and Rome.

Elsewhere in Scottish sport

BBC to show Brechin v Hearts & Rangers v Fraserburgh

Commonwealth Games: Why is it so special to be part of Team Scotland?

Who are the Commonwealth Games winners and losers?

From titles to tinpottery - rank Scotland's top 10 clubs

Subscribe & follow updates on your Premiership team

Elsewhere in Sport

The best sports photos of 2024 - and how they were captured

Wins, drama and race debuts - take the 2024 F1 quiz

Where are all the English managers?

'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt. Video
'What has he done?!' - Pant out after scoop attempt

Salah, De Bruyne, Wood - who can discuss a free transfer in January

Mud, sweat & touchdowns - UK's grassroots gridiron

'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich. Video
'We want to be first' - Arteta wants more after win over Ipswich

Winning 'never enough' - what we learn in Ferguson documentary

Test your knowledge in the big sports quiz of 2024

'Modern-day gladiator' - the rise of heavyweight hope Itauma

Slam success & ranking rises - how British tennis thrived in 2024

Take on our BBC Gameshows ultimate football quiz

Death of the terrace - one fan's love letter

When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears. Video
When Ferguson brought Ronaldo to tears

Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays. Video
Brilliant Taylor & 'otherworldly' Burrow star in NFL best plays

How Salah's stats rank among Premier League greats

How heavyweight division is shaping up - and fights we want to see

Delivery, timing and 'dark arts' - the anatomy of a set-piece

How Alfred went from breaking point to Olympic 100m gold

Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury. Video
Usyk cements legacy with points win over Fury

Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/articles/cjmm73ny1ddo 
 ----- 
