Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
BGT 2024
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Womens Ashes 2025
More
Cricket News
India vs Sri Lanka 2024
Sri Lanka vs India, 1st ODI: Probable XI, Match Prediction, Pitch Report, Weather Forecast, and Live Streaming Details
Sri Lanka vs India, 1st ODI: Probable XI, Match Prediction, Pitch Report, Weather Forecast, and Live Streaming Details
By
Sportz Connect
Modified Aug 01, 2024 14:28 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
Rohit Sharma spotted during the practice session ahead of the first ODI (Image Courtesy: X/BCCI)

The three-match ODI series between Sri Lanka and India kicks off on Friday, August 2, with the first game to be played at R. Premadasa Stadium in Colombo.

India whitewashed Sri Lanka in the three-match T20I series. After suffering heavy defeats in the first two T20Is, the Lankan side showed good fight in the third game before bottling up to lose it in the Super Over.

India will be high on confidence after the T20I series win. Another boost in confidence will be due to the addition of experienced players like Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, KL Rahul and Kuldeep Yadav. Rohit will be leading the Indian side in the ODI series.

Trending

Riyan Parag, Shivam Dube and Harshit Rana have earned their maiden call-ups to the ODI side. The visitors have all the bases covered and will be looking to start the ODI series on a winning note.

Sri Lanka, meanwhile, will be low on morale. They were outplayed in the T20I series and will have to get back to the drawing board quickly before the start of the ODI series. The Lankans have failed to show character so far and it will be a real test for them.

Charith Asalanka has been named the new ODI captain of Sri Lanka. He had a disappointing start to his captaincy career after suffering a whitewash in the T20I series but will be hoping to bounce back in the 50-over format.

Sri Lanka vs India Match Details:

Match: Sri Lanka vs India, 1st ODI, India tour of Sri Lanka, 2024

Date and Time: August 2, 2024, 2:30 PM IST

Venue: R. Premadasa Stadium, Colombo

Sri Lanka vs India Head-to-Head

Sri Lanka and India have met 168 times in the 50-over format. Sri Lanka have emerged victorious on 57 occasions whereas India have won 99 times. One match ended in a tie and 11 games ended in no-result.

Matches played: 168

Sri Lanka won: 57

India won: 99

Tie: 1

NR: 11

Sri Lanka vs India Pitch Report

The surface at R. Premadasa Stadium is expected to be a well-balanced one. The seamers should get some early assistance from the surface but it will get better as the game progresses. The spinners will come into play in the middle overs as the ball gets old.

Sri Lanka vs India Weather Forecast

There won't be ideal conditions for a game of cricket in Colombo on Friday. There is a 70% chance of rain predicted, with the temperature expected to be in the mid-20s.

Sri Lanka vs India Probable XIs

Sri Lanka

Team News

Matheesha Pathirana and Dilshan Madhushanka have been ruled out of the ODI series due to injuries.

Uncapped seamers Mohamed Shiraz and Eshan Malinga have been added to the squad.

Probable XI

Pathum Nissanka, Avishka Fernando, Kusal Mendis (wk), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka (c), Kamindu Mendis, Dunith Wellalage/Chamika Karunaratne, Wanindu Hasaranga, Maheesh Theekshana, Mohamed Shiraz, Asitha Fernando

India

Team News

All the players in the squad are fully fit.

Probable XI

Rohit Sharma (c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul (wk), Shivam Dube/Riyan Parag, Washington Sundar, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Arshdeep Singh, Mohammed Siraj

Sri Lanka vs India Match Prediction

India were fantastic in the T20I series and whitewashed Sri Lanka. The hosts will have to fire in unison to put up a fight against the upbeat Indians who will be looking to carry forward the winning momentum in the ODI series.

Prediction: India to win this contest.

Sri Lanka vs India Live Streaming details and channel list

TV: Sony Sports Network

Live Streaming: Sony LIV App

Follow IPL Auction 2025 Live Updates, News & Biddings at Sportskeeda. Get the fastest updates on Mega-Auction and cricket news

Quick Links

India vs Sri Lanka 2024 Indian Cricket Team Sri Lanka Cricket Rohit Sharma Wanindu Hasaranga
Edited by Sudeshna Banerjee
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/sri-lanka-vs-india-1st-odi-probable-xi-match-prediction-pitch-report-weather-forecast-live-streaming-details 
 ----- 
