 
BROWSE
Uganda Cricket Team To Battle Namibia: Here Is Exclusive Analysis About Squads, Fixtures & Performances
Posted on 7 April 2022 by spy reporter  0
 Viewers: 157
SHARING IS CARING
 
 
 
 

By Spy Uganda

Uganda is touring Namibia for a 3 match T20I series and a 2 match ODI series beginning on 8th April 2022 with the last ODI slated to be played on 13th April 2022. All of the matches will be played at the United Cricket Club Ground, Windhoek.

READ ALSO: Cricket World Cup 2022: Uganda Finish 13th As Sri Lanka Enters 5th Place Play-off

T20I series means (Twenty20 International) and is a form of cricket, played between two of international members of the International Cricket Council (ICC), in which each team faces a maximum of twenty overs. The matches have top-class status and are the highest T20 standard.
ODI is (One Day International) and this means a form of limited-overs cricket, played between two teams with international status, in which each team faces a fixed number of overs, currently 50, with the game lasting up to 9 hours. 

Latest Performance Against Each Other:

Both the teams played against each other in 2021 where Namibia clean-swept Uganda by 3-0.

Craig Williams was the highest run-scorer of the tournament with 95 runs to his name in 3 matches. He averaged 31.67 and struck the runs at a strike rate of 143.94.

READ ALSO: U-19 Cricket World Cup: India Badly Smashes Uganda To Top Group B, Face Bangladesh In Quarters

Ben Shikongo was the highest wicket-taker in the series, picking up 5 wickets in 3 matches at an average of 9.60.

Namibia will start off as the favorite going into the series. They will be fielding a full-strength squad except for all-rounder David Wiese. At their home ground, Namibia has challenged big teams and Uganda will have to play their A-game to get past the hosts in the upcoming Uganda Tour of Namibia.

Players To Look Forward To In Namibia:

Ruben Trumpelmann: He will play a key role for Namibia with the ball. His performance in the recently conducted T20I World Cup is a statement from him of his all-around capabilities.

READ ALSO: Cricket: Uganda Captain Murungi Vows To Crush Group B’s Super Powers; India, South Africa & Ireland

Gerhard Erasmus: Skipper Erasmus has been in tremendous form of late and will play a great role in Namibia’s success in the upcoming series.

Players To Look Forward To In Uganda:

Riazat Ali Shah: He is the star for Uganda both with the bat and ball. He stood out in the bilateral series played between Namibia and Uganda in 2021. He will hold the key to Uganda’s success in the upcoming series.

Dinesh Nakrani: Nakrani will be an important player with the ball in hand. He has produced phenomenal performances for Uganda in recent times and is expected to carry his form forward into the upcoming series.

Let’s Have A Look At The Squads:

Namibia

Jan Nicol Loftie-Eaton, Malan Kruger, Lohan Louwrens, Gerhard Erasmus, Stephan Baard, Craig Williams, Karl Birkenstock, Jonathan Smit, Jan Frylinck, Ruben Trumpelmann, Bernard Scholtz, Ben Shikongo, Mauritius Ngupita, Tangeni Lungameni, Helao-Pikkie YaFrance, Dylan Leicher.

Uganda

Fred Achelam, Simon Ssesazi, Kenneth Waiswa, Emmanuel Hasahya, Arnold Otwani, Dinesh Nakrani, Riazat Ali Shah, Juma Miyaji, Deusdedit Muhumuza, Frank Nsubuga, Henry Ssenyondo, Frank Akankwasa, Cosmas Kyewuta, Gerald Mubiru, Brian Masaba, Richard Agamire.

Fixtures:

T20I Series

Match 1

Date: 08-04-22

Match: Namibia vs Uganda, Match 1, T20I

Venue: United Cricket Club Ground, Windhoek

Time: 11:00 am UTC

Match 2

Date: 09-04-22

Match: Namibia vs Uganda, Match 2, T20I

Venue: United Cricket Club Ground, Windhoek

Time: 08:00 am UTC

Match 3

Date: 10-04-22

Match: Namibia vs Uganda, Match 3, T20I

Venue: United Cricket Club Ground, Windhoek

Time: 10:00 am UTC

ODI Series:

Date: 12-04-22

Match: Namibia vs Uganda, Match 1, ODI

Venue: United Cricket Club Ground, Windhoek

Time: 8:30am UTC

Date: 13-04-22

Match: Namibia vs Uganda, Match 2, ODI

Venue: United Cricket Club Ground, Windhoek

Time: 8:30am UTC

SHARING IS CARING
 
 
 
 
News
Share:     
Written by
spy reporter

Related Post
Outcry in Tooro Over the Death of Cultural Icon Araali Kigambo, Leaders Decry Buhinga Doctors’ Negligence
Viewers: 157 SHARING IS CARING By Andrew Irumba   Today in Tooro, the region mourns…
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

PREVIOUS POST
Entebbe: Five Suspects Arrested By State House Anti-Corruption Remanded Over Criminal Trespass & Malicious Damage
NEXT POST
You’ve Killed Enough Now Better Stop It: EU Rights Envoy Warns President Museveni
 
© 2023The Spy · The Spy · Designed by The Spy Uganda
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.spyuganda.com/uganda-cricket-team-to-battle-namibia-here-is-exclusive-analysis-about-squads-fixtures-performances/ 
 ----- 
