Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Jeju Air plane crash
Norovirus
Charles Dolan dies at 98
Mega Millions
Trump H1b
U.S. NEWS
Cargo ship had engine maintenance in port before it collided with Baltimore bridge, officials say
0 seconds of 1 minute, 26 secondsVolume 90%
 
1 of 35 |  

Police officers who were warned a ship that lost its steering was headed toward the Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore had only about 90 seconds to stop traffic before the bridge collapsed early Tuesday.

2 of 35 |  

The cargo ship that caused the Baltimore bridge collapse was carrying hazardous materials, the National Transportation Safety Board said. (AP video by Nathan Ellgren)(AP production by Javier Arciga)

3 of 35 |  

Investigation of Baltimore bridge collapse picks up speed as divers recover 2 bodies from water

4 of 35 |  

Maryland Governor Wes Moore is highlighting the importance of the collapsed of the Francis Scott Key Bridge to the U.S. economy and says it is “imperative” to get the port of Baltimore up and running as quickly as possible

5 of 35 |  

Economic worries are hitting home for many Baltimore-area residents after Tuesday’s bridge collapse. (AP production by Rod Jussim)

6 of 35 |  

A cargo ship lost power and rammed into a major bridge in Baltimore early Tuesday, destroying the span in a matter of seconds and plunging it into the river in a terrifying collapse. Six people were missing and presumed dead. (AP production by Javier Arciga) (Thumbnail image: Maxaar Technologies via AP)

Read More
7 of 35 |  

The collapse of Baltimore’s Francis Scott Key Bridge is diverting driving and shipping around one of the busiest ports on America’s East Coast. Baltimore Harbor Tunnel expected to absorb traffic.

8 of 35 |  

A cargo ship lost power and rammed into a major bridge in Baltimore early Tuesday, destroying the span in a matter of seconds and plunging it into the river in a terrifying collapse. Six people were missing and presumed dead. (AP production by Javier Arciga)

9 of 35 |  

Transportation Secretary Buttigieg says it’s too soon to say how long it will take to reopen the Port of Baltimore or replace the destroyed bridge. The U.S. Coast Guard says hazardous materials aboard the damaged ship pose no public safety threat.

10 of 35 |  

Ship traffic entering and leaving the Port of Baltimore has been suspended indefinitely after a cargo ship lost power and crashed into Baltimore’s Francis Scott Key Bridge causing it to collapse on Tuesday. Authorities say it is too soon to know how long it will take to reopen the port or replace the bridge.

Read More
11 of 35 |  

An engineering expert says there would be no economically feasible way to protect a bridge from a large ship strike like what happened with Francis Scott Key Bridge in Baltimore and he’s not even sure it would perform successfully in a similar incident. (27 March 2024)

Read More
12 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

13 of 35 |  

A cargo ship is stuck under the part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)

14 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

15 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

16 of 35 |  

People at Fort Mchenry view a container ship as it rests against the wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore. The ship rammed into the major bridge early Tuesday, causing it to collapse in a matter of seconds and creating a terrifying scene as several vehicles plunged into the chilly river below. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
17 of 35 |  

A container ship rests against wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore. The ship rammed into the major bridge early Tuesday, causing it to collapse in a matter of seconds and creating a terrifying scene as several vehicles plunged into the chilly river below. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
18 of 35 |  

Police boats work around a cargo ship that is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)

19 of 35 |  

Wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge is pictured on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore. A cargo ship rammed into the major bridge Tuesday, causing it to collapse in a matter of seconds and creating a terrifying scene as several vehicles plunged into the chilly river below. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
20 of 35 |  

A cargo ship is stuck under the part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)

21 of 35 |  

Shown is the wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Dundalk, Md. The ship rammed into the major bridge in Baltimore early Tuesday, causing it to collapse in a matter of seconds and creating a terrifying scene as several vehicles plunged into the chilly river below. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
22 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

23 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

24 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

25 of 35 |  

In this image taken from video released by the National Transportation and Safety Board, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (NTSB via AP)

26 of 35 |  

A container ship rests against wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. The ship rammed into the major bridge early Tuesday, causing it to collapse in a matter of seconds and creating a terrifying scene as several vehicles plunged into the chilly river below. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
27 of 35 |  

In this image taken from video released by the National Transportation and Safety Board, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (NTSB via AP)

28 of 35 |  

In this image taken from video released by the National Transportation and Safety Board, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (NTSB via AP)

29 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

30 of 35 |  

In this aerial image released by the Maryland National Guard, the cargo ship Dali is stuck under part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge, Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore. (Maryland National Guard via AP)

31 of 35 |  

A container ship rests against wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge as dawn approaches on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. Recovery efforts resumed Wednesday for the construction workers who are presumed dead after the cargo ship hit a pillar of the bridge, causing the structure to collapse. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
32 of 35 |  

A container ship rests against wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge near sunrise on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. Recovery efforts resumed Wednesday for the construction workers who are presumed dead after the cargo ship hit a pillar of the bridge, causing the structure to collapse. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
33 of 35 |  

Boats work near wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. Recovery efforts resumed Wednesday for the construction workers who are presumed dead after the cargo ship hit a pillar of the bridge, causing the structure to collapse. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
34 of 35 |  

A container ship rests against the wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge during a rainstorm on Wednesday, March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. The ship rammed into the major bridge in Baltimore early Tuesday, causing it to collapse in a matter of seconds and creating a terrifying scene as several vehicles plunged into the chilly river below. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

Read More
35 of 35 |  

A Coast Gaurd cutter patrols in front of a cargo ship that is stuck under the part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship hit the bridge Wednesday March 27, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)

BY  LEA SKENE AND BRIAN WITTE
Updated 5:47 AM UTC, March 28, 2024
Share

BALTIMORE (AP) — The cargo ship that lost power and crashed into a bridge in Baltimore underwent “routine engine maintenance” in port beforehand, the U.S. Coast Guard said Wednesday, as divers recovered the bodies of two of six workers who plunged into the water when it collapsed. The others were presumed dead, and officials said search efforts had been exhausted.

Investigators began collecting evidence from the vessel a day after it struck the Francis Scott Key Bridge. The bodies of the two men were located in the morning inside a red pickup submerged in about 25 feet (7.6 meters) of water near the bridge’s middle span, Col. Roland L. Butler Jr., superintendent of Maryland State Police, announced at an evening news conference.

He identified the men as Alejandro Hernandez Fuentes, 35, who was from Mexico and living in Baltimore, and Dorlian Ronial Castillo Cabrera, 26, who was from Guatemala and living in Dundalk, Maryland.

The victims, who were part of a construction crew fixing potholes on the bridge, were from Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and El Salvador, Butler said.

Here’s what to know:


Victims: At least eight people went into the water. Two were rescued but the other six, part of a construction crew that had been filling potholes on the bridge, are missing and presumed dead.
Investigation: The cargo ship, called Dali, lost power and issued a mayday call shortly before it rammed the bridge. The U.S. Coast Guard boarded the vessel Wednesday to collect evidence about the exact circumstances of the crash.
Impact: The collapse is diverting shipping and trucking around one of the busiest ports on America’s East Coast, creating delays and raising costs in the latest disruption to global supply chains. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg says it’s too soon to say how long it will take to reopen the port or replace the bridge.

Maryland Gov. Wes Moore addressed their families in Spanish during the news conference, saying, “Estamos contigo, ahora y siempre,” which means, “we are with you, now and always.”

0:00 / 56
AP AUDIO: Cargo ship had engine maintenance in port before it collided with Baltimore bridge, officials say.

As the search for victims under a Baltimore bridge continues, survivors of previous bridge disasters shared their stories with the Associated Press. AP correspondent Jennifer King reports.

All search efforts have been exhausted, and based on sonar scans, authorities “firmly” believe the other vehicles with victims are encased in material from the collapsed bridge, Butler said. Divers are to resume searching once the debris is cleared.

Coast Guard Rear Admiral Shannon Gilreath said at the news conference that authorities were informed that the ship was going to undergo the maintenance.

“As far as the engine goes, we were not informed of any problems with the vessel,” he said.

This satellite image provided by Maxar Technologies shows a view of the Francis Scott Key Bridge on March 26, 2024. (Maxaar Technologies via AP)

The Baltimore region has reeled from the sudden loss of a major transportation link that’s part of the highway loop around the city. The disaster also closed the port, which is vital to the city’s shipping industry.

National Transportation Safety Board officials boarded the ship to recover information from its electronics and paperwork and to interview the captain and other crew members, NTSB Chair Jennifer Homendy said during a separate news conference. Twenty-three people, including two pilots, were on the ship when it crashed, she said.

The vessel was also carrying 56 containers of hazardous materials including corrosives, flammables and lithium ion batteries, Homendy said. She added that some containers were breached, and that a sheen on the water from those materials would be handled by authorities.

Marcel Muise, NTSB investigator in charge, laid out a preliminary timeline assembled from the voyage data recorder comprising audio from the bridge and VHF radio ahead of the crash, which federal and state officials have said appeared to be an accident.

The vessel, the Dali, left port at 12:39 a.m. Tuesday and, after it entered the channel, signs of trouble came at about 1:25 a.m. when numerous alarms sounded, according to the NTSB. About a minute later, steering commands and rudder orders were issued, and at 1:26 a.m. and 39 seconds, a pilot made a general radio call for nearby tug boats.

Maryland Transportation Authority data from about the same time shows the pilot association dispatcher called the transportation authority’s officer on duty about the blackout, the NTSB said.

Just after 1:27 a.m., the pilot commanded the ship to drop an anchor on the left side of the ship and issued added steering commands. About 20 seconds later, the pilot issued a radio call reporting that the Dali had lost all power approaching the bridge.

At about that time, the state transportation officer on duty radioed two of its units already stationed at each end of the bridge saying to close the bridge to vehicle traffic. They were already there because of the construction.

Around 1:29 a.m., when the ship was traveling at about 8 mph (13 kph), recordings for about 30 seconds picked up sounds consistent with it colliding with the bridge, the NTSB said. A Transportation Authority dash camera also shows lights on the bridge going out.

0:00 / 55
AP AUDIO: Cargo ship had engine maintenance in port before it collided with Baltimore bridge, officials say.

AP Washington correspondent Sagar Meghani reports the Biden administration is looking at rebuilding and reopening in Baltimore -- while warning of a long road ahead.

At 1:29 a.m. and 39 seconds, the pilot reported to the Coast Guard that the bridge was down.

A Coast Guard cutter passes a cargo ship that is stuck under the part of the structure of the Francis Scott Key Bridge after the ship his the bridge Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Baltimore, Md. (AP Photo/Steve Helber)

Muise said experts will review the entire voyage data recording and develop a detailed transcript.

At least eight people initially went into the water when the ship struck the bridge column, and two of them were rescued Tuesday, officials said.

Traffic was still crossing the span as the ship approached, and some vehicles appeared to escape with only seconds to spare. The crash caused the bridge to break and fall into the water within seconds.

Authorities had just enough time to stop vehicle traffic. One officer parked sideways across the lanes and planned to drive onto the bridge to alert the construction crew once another officer arrived, but he did not get a chance.

The debris complicated the search for the workers, according to a Homeland Security memo described to The Associated Press by a law enforcement official who was not authorized to discuss details of the document or the investigation and spoke on condition of anonymity.

Gov. Moore said the divers faced dangerous conditions, among the mangled metal and low visibility.

A container ship rests against wreckage of the Francis Scott Key Bridge as night falls on Tuesday, March 26, 2024, as seen from Sparrows Point, Md. (AP Photo/Matt Rourke)

“They are down there in darkness where they can literally see about a foot in front of them,” Moore said.

The Dali, which is managed by Synergy Marine Group, was headed from Baltimore to Sri Lanka. It is owned by Grace Ocean Private Ltd., and Danish shipping giant Maersk said it had chartered it.

The vessel passed foreign port state inspections in June and September 2023. In the June inspection, a faulty monitor gauge for fuel pressure was rectified before departure, Singapore’s port authority said.

The ship was traveling under a Singapore flag, and officials there said they will conduct their own investigation in addition to supporting U.S. authorities.

The sudden loss of a highway that carries 30,000 vehicles a day and the port disruption will affect not only thousands of dockworkers and commuters but also U.S. consumers who are likely to feel the impact of shipping delays.

“A lot of people don’t realize how important the port is just to everything,” said Cat Watson, who used the bridge to get to work every day and lives close enough that she was awakened by the collision. “We’re going to be feeling it for a very long time.”

Baltimore is a busy entry point for vehicles made in Germany, Mexico, Japan and the United Kingdom, along with coal and farm equipment.

Ship traffic has been suspended indefinitely. Windward Maritime, a maritime risk-management company, said its data shows a large increase in ships that are waiting for a port to go to, with some anchored outside Baltimore or nearby Annapolis.

At the White House, Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg said the Biden administration was focused on reopening the port and rebuilding the bridge, which was completed in 1977. He did not put a timeline on those efforts, while noting that the original bridge took five years to construct.

Buttigieg also planned to meet Thursday with supply chain officials.

Barges, including some with cranes, were on their way to help remove the wreckage, Gilreath said.

Homendy said the NTSB investigation could take 12 to 24 months but the agency may issue urgent safety recommendations sooner. A preliminary report should come in two to four weeks.

“It’s a massive undertaking for an investigation,” Homendy said.

From 1960 to 2015, there were 35 major bridge collapses worldwide due to ship or barge collisions, according to the World Association for Waterborne Transport Infrastructure.

0:00 / 1:06
AP AUDIO: Police had about 90 seconds to stop traffic before Baltimore bridge fell. 6 workers are feared dead.

This is sound of first responders at the Key Bridge in Maryland is captured by Broadcastify.

___

Witte reported from Dundalk, Maryland. Associated Press journalists around the world contributed to this report, including Nathan Ellgren, Colleen Long, Sarah Brumfield, Rebecca Santana, Jake Offenhartz, Joshua Goodman, Ben Finley, Claudia Lauer, Juliet Linderman, Josh Boak, David McHugh, John Seewer, Michael Kunzelman, Mike Catalini, Sarah Rankin and Lisa Baumann.

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Moeller earns first World Cup win as another injured skier is airlifted off 2026 Olympics...
How to deal with a mice infesta tion in an old car
Peddle
:
Advertisement
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake...
A Massachusetts couple and their two daughters were identified by authorities...
AP News
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia (Che...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From District Of Columbia That Senio...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Arthrozene
Advertisement:
Learn More
Homeowners In Distri ct Of Columbia Are Amazed At This Insu...
thesavingexpert
Advertisement:
Plastic Surgeon Revea ls: Forget Collagen, Use This Household...
Beverly Hills MD
Advertisement:
If You Sleep On Your Side, This Simple Trick Will Save Your Shoul...
dreamyfoam.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
Neuropathy Breakthrough: U.S. Experts Baffled
Health Insight Journal
Advertisement:
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Who Charges the Most for Car Insurance in District Of Columbia...
OTTO Quotes
Advertisement:
Click Here
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit
Advertisement:
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
15 hurt when passenger train stri kes fire truck that drove into...
Three firefighters and a dozen passengers have been injured in Florida after a fire...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Distri ct Of Columbia? (Ch...
OTTO Quotes
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
Washington: These Unsold Storage Units Are Being Given Away
Storage Unit Deals
Advertisement:
Relatives of Bashar Assad arrest ed as they tried to fly out of Le...
Lebanese officials say the wife and daughter of one of deposed Syrian presid...
AP News
Boy killed in Colorado reservatio n shooting was in bed when he...
A man has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 7-year-old boy on a tribal...
AP News
Don't Borrow From The Bank If You Own a Home, Do This Inste...
Lendgo
Advertisement:
Click Here
You Won't Want To Take Off The Waterpr oof And Orthopedic...
orthoture
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Stop Searching. Find a Great Cash Back Credi t Card.
Intuit Credit Karma
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Here's How To Get The Medicare Grocery Benefits (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit:Advertisement
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments:Advertisement
Side Sleepers Get Achy Shoulders, Few Know This "Side Sleeper" Trick
dreamyfoam.com:Advertisement
Learn More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners: Take a Look
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/baltimore-key-bridge-collapse-03-27-2024-6a95340e5daeff6551fc999d23feb278 
 ----- 
