Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
NBA
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct. 7, 2024
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans Preseason Game Prediction and Preview | Oct. 7, 2024
By
Juan Paolo David
Modified Oct 07, 2024 06:26 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans Preseason Game Prediction and Preview. (Photo: IMAGN)

There are four preseason games scheduled for Oct. 7, including the Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans matchup. It's the first preseason contest for both teams after almost a week of training camp. The game will be played at the Smoothie King Center in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Orlando only made one major move in the offseason, signing Kentavious Caldwell-Pope in free agency. KCP will provide the young Magic roster with playoff experience as a two-time NBA champion with the LA Lakers in 2020 and the Denver Nuggets in 2023.

Trending

Meanwhile, the Pelicans' biggest move during the summer was acquiring Dejounte Murray from the Atlanta Hawks. Murray helps the Pelicans with his playmaking and defensive skills.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans Prediction, Preview and Odds for 2024 NBA Preseason

Moneyline: Magic (+110) vs Pelicans (-130)

Spread: Magic +2 (-110) vs Pelicans -2 (-110)

Total (O/U): Magic o209.5 (-110) vs Pelicans u209.5 (-110)

Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans preview

The Orlando Magic ended a three-year playoff drought and as they finished as the No. 5 seed in 2023-24. The Magic pushed the Cleveland Cavaliers to the limit in seven games and even had a big lead before blowing it up in the second half of Game 7.

Meanwhile, the New Orleans Pelicans made it to the first round of the playoffs as the No. 8 seed but were swept by the OKC Thunder. The Pelicans' main problem, aside from Zion Williamson's injury woes, was not having a primary playmaker, and the addition of Dejounte Murray solves this.

The Magic and Pelicans faced each other twice last season, with the former sweeping the season series. Orlando has also won five straight against New Orleans since March 9, 2022.

Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans predicted starting lineups

Magic

G - Jalen Suggs | G - Kentavious Caldwell-Pope | F - Franz Wagner | F - Paolo Banchero | C - Wendell Carter Jr.

Pelicans

G - Dejounte Murray | G - CJ McCollum | F - Brandon Ingram | F - Zion Williamson | C - Yves Missi

Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans prediction

The New Orleans Pelicans are the slight favorites to beat the Orlando Magic on Monday night, but since it's the preseason, both coaches are likely to limit their stars' minutes.

Nevertheless, it will likely be a competitive game since a majority of players are either trying to make the rotation or the roster.

The Magic have the better depth, so they are likely to win this contest.

Pelicans Fan? Check out the latest New Orlean Pelicans depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA New Orleans Pelicans Orlando Magic Zion Williamson Paolo Banchero NBA Players and Roster 2024-25
Edited by John Ezekiel Hirro
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/orlando-magic-vs-new-orleans-pelicans-preseason-game-prediction-preview-oct-7-2024 
 ----- 
