Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
NBA
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans Starting Lineups and Depth Charts for Oct. 7 | 2024 NBA Preseason
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans Starting Lineups and Depth Charts for Oct. 7 | 2024 NBA Preseason
By
Michael Macasero
Modified Oct 07, 2024 06:55 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans starting lineups and depth charts for Oct. 7. [photo: Imagn]

The Orlando Magic will be at the Smoothie King Center on Monday to take on the New Orleans Pelicans. After a long offseason, the two teams will take on each other to open their preseason. Paolo Banchero will lead the Magic against his fellow former Duke superstar Zion Williamson in the matchup.

Orlando’s defensive identity last season got a boost following the arrival of two-time champ Kentavious Caldwell-Pope. The Magic will be promptly tested on the road against the Pelicans’ retooled roster.

Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans: Injury report
Orlando Magic injury report

No injury to report

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

New Orleans Pelicans injury report

Trey Murphy III has been ruled day-to-day due to a right hamstring strain. He will be a game-time decision.

Trending
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans: Starting lineups and depth charts
Orlando Magic starting lineup and depth chart
Starters	2nd	3rd
Cole Anthony	Anthony Black	Cory Joseph
Jalen Suggs	Kentavious Caldwell-Pope	Gary Harris
Franz Wagner	Jett Howard	
Paolo Banchero	Jonathan Isaac	
Wendell Carter Jr.	Moritz Wagner	Goga Bitadze
New Orleans Pelicans starting lineups and depth charts
Starter	2nd	3rd
Dejounte Murray	Jose Alvarado	Jalen Crutcher
CJ McCollum	Jordan Hawkins	Javonte Green
Brandon Ingram	Matt Ryan	
Zion Williamson	Jeremiah Robinson-Earl	Karlo Matkovic
Daniel Theis	Yves Missi	Trey Jemison
Orlando Magic vs New Orleans Pelicans: Key matchups
Paolo Banchero vs Zion Williamson

The two former Duke superstars are headed for a mouthwatering matchup. Banchero carried the Magic to a playoff appearance last season. He's healthy and has been raring to lead his team to another postseason run.

Zion Williamson has been losing weight since December. “Zanos” struck fans in the offseason when he looked sculpted. Williamson confirmed reports when he said that he would be playing much lighter this season.

Banchero versus Williamson will not last long, but fans will be delighted to see them going at each other.

Franz Wagner vs Herb Jones

Franz Wagner against Herb Jones will be the second most anticipated matchup in the Magic-Pelicans game. Wagner pushed for All-Star consideration last year and is coming off a superb showing at the Olympics, where he was arguably Germany’s best player.

Lining up across him will be Herb Jones, one of the NBA’s best and most versatile defenders. Jones will probably spend his time trying to slow down Banchero but will get his chance on Wagner.

Wagner versus Jones is a worthwhile supporting battle in the headliner between Banchero and Williamson.

CJ McCollum vs Jalen Suggs

CJ McCollum and Jalen Suggs have understated roles in the Magic-Pelicans matchup, but they will help decide the winner of the game on Monday.

McCollum has built a reputation scoring the ball, while Suggs is probably Orlando's best defender. The one-on-one between the two will be one of the most interesting head-to-head matchups in the game.

Pelicans Fan? Check out the latest New Orlean Pelicans depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA New Orleans Pelicans Orlando Magic Zion Williamson Paolo Banchero Game Preview
Edited by Bhargav
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/orlando-magic-vs-new-orleans-pelicans-starting-lineups-depth-charts-oct-7-2024-nba-preseason 
 ----- 
