Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
New Orleans Pelicans vs. Orlando Magic Preseason Quotes | 10/7/2024
New Orleans Pelicans vs. Portland Trailblazers postgame quotes from Pelicans head coach Willie Green and forward Zion Williamson and guard CJ McCollum on Saturday, March 16 during the 2023-24 NBA season.
Pelicans.com
October 7, 20247:50 PM CDT
Play Video
Willie Green recaps win over Orlando | Pelicans-Magic Preseason Postgame 10/7/2024
3mo
news
00:11:10
Pelicans Head Coach Willie Green

On the opportunity to work on clutch situations down the stretch:

“Yeah, it was a fun game. I love the fact that all the concepts that we’ve been working on in training camp, you can see a lot of carry-over, and that’s refreshing, to know that these guys are taking that information and they’re applying it. That’s what preseason is for: to get your group together, get them on the floor, make sure that we’re fundamentally sound. I like a lot of the things we did tonight, and there’s a ton of good that we will take away from this film.”

On what he saw on both sides of the ball:

“We’re a team that prides ourselves on our ability to guard, to get stops, to get deflections and steals. We want to add charges, verticality, and then finish those possessions with rebounding the ball at a high level. I thought we did that. It was solid. We’ll continue to grow in those areas. Offensively, to start the game, I think the first half we had fourteen assists. [We had] two or three turnovers, so, that’s really good. Crashing the offensive glass, we’re getting open looks, and we want to continue to take those shots, and if you don’t have them, swing it to a teammate or drive the ball into the basket. So, a lot of good, once again, coming from this game.”

Play Video
Jordan Hawkins on having the green light, Zion Williamson | Pelicans-Magic Preseason Postgame 10/7/2024
3mo
news
00:06:14
Pelicans Guard Jordan Hawkins

On having the “green light” from Coach Willie Green:

“I feel like I had that last year when I was playing. I think they’re comfortable with me taking any three-point shot. This year is kind of the same mentality. I’m a three-level scorer, keep the defense guessing.”

On Zion Williamson’s first half performance and the team’s defensive performance:

“He [Zion] did really well. He did a great job getting to spots and getting to the rim. He did a great job of facilitating as well. I think we all collectively did a good job on the defensive end, being the smaller team. I think we did a great job on the rotation and rebounding.”

Play Video
Zion Williamson on his performance, Jordan Hawkins | Pelicans-Magic Preseason Postgame 10/7/2024
3mo
news
00:06:55
Pelicans Forward Zion Williamson

On playing 19 minutes in the preseason matchup:

“It felt great, especially being back on the court with my teammates. Felt pretty good out there, and [I’m] going to build off that.”

On Jordan Hawkins’ performance:

“He can bring a lot to this team. For anybody who was watching last season, he had a few 30-balls. His confidence was never the problem. For him now it’s learning the game more.”

Related Articles
New Orleans Pelicans vs. Orlando Magic Preseason Quotes | 10/7/2024
Pelicans 126, Trail Blazers 107: CJ McCollum 30 points | Postgame wrap

CAVALIERS

116

42 - 24

FINAL
Wed Mar 13

PELICANS

95

39 - 26

TV: BALLY SPORTS NEW ORLEANS

RADIO: WRNO 99.5FM / S: KGLA 105.7 FM

WATCH REPLAY
OF MATCH AGAINST CAVALIERS ON MARCH 13 2024
GAME RECAP
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/new-orleans-pelicans-vs-orlando-magic-preseason-quotes-10-7-2024 
 ----- 
