Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Willie Green (left) of the New Orleans Pelicans and Jamahl Mosley of the Orlando Magic on the sideline during an April game last season.
Behind the Numbers: Magic at Pelicans preseason (10/7/2024)
Matinee is first of two meetings this week between Orlando and New Orleans, the latter Friday in Florida
Jim Eichenhofer
October 6, 20249:00 AM CDT

A look at three key numbers related to Monday’s preseason game in the Smoothie King Center between Orlando and New Orleans (12:30 p.m. Central, Pelicans.com, WWL 870 AM):

3, 4: Consecutive regular seasons of improved winning percentage for Orlando and New Orleans, respectively. Monday’s preseason opener pits interconference opponents who’ve each made a steady climb in the standings under their current sideline leaders, with the Magic achieving a No. 5 seed in the East in 2023-24 at 47-35, while the Pelicans notched 49 victories, their most over the past 15 years. New Orleans has gone from 36 to 42 to those 49 wins over head coach Willie Green’s three seasons, after posting 31 and 30 prior to his arrival in the Crescent City. Under Jamahl Mosley, Orlando has registered 22, 34 and 47 victories, the latter representing the most for the Magic since going 50-32 in 2010-11.

2, 3: Rank among current New Orleans players in career NBA playoff games for offseason Pelicans additions Daniel Theis (41) and Dejounte Murray (21), respectively. The only member of the 2024-25 Crescent City roster who has been part of the spring postseason more frequently is guard CJ McCollum, with 67 playoff games under his belt, highlighted by a 2019 trip to the West finals with Portland. Like New Orleans, Orlando also made an offseason move that brought in significant playoff savvy, with shooting guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope signing in free agency. “KCP” has appeared in 62 career playoff contests, with 41 of those occurring as a key two-way contributor for NBA championship teams with the Lakers (2020 bubble) and Denver (2023).

29.6: Minutes per game last season for New Orleans sixth man Trey Murphy, who’s filled a significant role over the past two campaigns, but will miss all of the team’s four-game October preseason slate due to a hamstring strain. As a result of the forward’s absence, there may be a bit larger of an opportunity for the team’s other returning reserves to log minutes, at least in the short term. A dangerous three-point threat like Murphy, guard Jordan Hawkins averaged 17.3 minutes as a rookie, for example, while wing sharpshooter Matt Ryan played 13.9 (in 28 games, after being sidelined for a chunk of the schedule by injury).

Tags
CJ MCCOLLUM
DEJOUNTE MURRAY
DANIEL THEIS
MATT RYAN
TREY MURPHY III
JORDAN HAWKINS
Related Articles
Behind the Numbers: Magic at Pelicans preseason (10/7/2024)
Andrew Lopez talks addition to broadcast team | Pelicans Podcast
Pelicans exercise third-year option on Jordan Hawkins
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/behind-the-numbers-magic-at-pelicans-preseason-10-7-2024 
 ----- 
