 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Vicksburg Living
History
Opinion
Sports
Archives
Obituaries
Contests
Calendar
Submit an Event
Promote an Event
Submit
Submit an Obituary
Submit a Photo
Submit a News Tip
Letters to the Editor
Submit an Engagement Announcement
Submit a Wedding Announcement
Submit an Anniversary Announcement
Submit a Birth Announcement
Classifieds
Public Notices
E-Post
Hunters’ Hall of Fame
Foster Moreau Fantasy Projections: Week 5 vs. the Chiefs

Published 9:51 pm Wednesday, October 2, 2024

By Data Skrive

In Week 5 (Monday at 8:15 PM ET), TE Foster Moreau and the New Orleans Saints will meet the Kansas City Chiefs, who have the 23rd-ranked pass defense in the league (227.8 yards conceded per game).

When setting your fantasy football lineup this week, is Moreau worth inserting into your starting lineup? For analysis on his matchup versus the Chiefs, we’ve got you covered.

Email newsletter signup
Sign up for The Vicksburg Post's free newsletters
Check which newsletters you would like to receive
 Vicksburg News: Sent daily at 5 am
 Vicksburg Sports: Sent daily at 10 am
 Vicksburg Living: Sent on 15th of each month

Get in the game and sign up for FanDuel Fantasy today. Use our link to start playing daily fantasy.

Foster Moreau Fantasy Projections
Matchup: New Orleans Saints at Kansas City Chiefs
Projected Fantasy Points: 2
Game Day & Time: October 7, 2024 at 8:15 PM ET
TV Channel: ESPN
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)

Don’t miss a touchdown this NFL season. Catch every score with NFL RedZone on Fubo. What is Fubo? Fubo is a streaming service that gives you access to your favorite live sports and shows on demand. Start your risk free trial today and watch seven hours of commercial-free football from every NFL game every Sunday.

Foster Moreau Fantasy Points by Week
Week	Opponent	Fantasy Points (PPR)	Targets	Receptions	Yards	TDs
Week 1	@Panthers	14.3	4	4	43	1
Week 3	@Eagles	1.2	2	1	2	0

Sign up for FanDuel Fantasy to start playing today.

Foster Moreau Fantasy Stats
Moreau is 25th at his position, and 240th overall in the league, with 10.5 fantasy points (3.5 per game).
In his last game (Week 3 against the Philadelphia Eagles), Moreau finished with 0.2 fantasy points — one reception, two yards.

Add Moreau to your FanDuel Fantasy lineup today!

id:
MORE PLAYER PROPS
Will Roman Josi Score a Goal Against the Jets on January 7?
Will Steven Stamkos Score a Goal Against the Jets on January 7?
Will Jonathan Marchessault Score a Goal Against the Jets on January 7?
Will Gustav Nyquist Score a Goal Against the Jets on January 7?
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
January 10 NHL TV Schedule: TV Channel, Start Times & Live Streaming Options

Friday’s NHL slate has a lot in store. Among those contests is the Los Angeles Kings playing the…

How to Watch the 76ers vs. Pelicans Game: Streaming & TV Channel Info for January 10

The New Orleans Pelicans (7-31) face the Philadelphia 76ers (15-20) at Wells Fargo Center on January 10, 2025.…

NBA Best Bets: 76ers vs. Pelicans Picks for January 10

The Philadelphia 76ers (15-20) are favored by 3.5 points against the New Orleans Pelicans (7-31) on Friday, January…

How to Watch the NBA Today, January 10

On a Friday NBA slate that includes seven exciting matchups, the Oklahoma City Thunder versus the New York…

NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, January 10

The NBA slate today, which includes the Milwaukee Bucks squaring off against the Orlando Magic, is not one…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Polls

Which college football playoff team will win it all.

 Ohio State
 Texas
 Notre Dame
 Penn State

View Results

Mississippi River level at Vicksburg
Calendar
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Classifieds
Small Business
Services
About Us
Contact Us
Policies
Copyright
© 2025, The Vicksburg Post
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.vicksburgpost.com/2024/10/02/foster-moreau-fantasy-projections-week-5-vs-the-chiefs/ 
 ----- 
