 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Opinion
Editorials
Lifestyles
Style: Engagements
Style: Weddings
Archives
Sports
Obituaries
Records
Classifieds
Public Notices
E-Edition
Contests
Services
Submit a Photo
Submit a News Tip
Contact Us
Print Subscriptions
Birth Announcement
Submit a Birthday Announcement
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Submit an Anniversary Announcement
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a Classified Ad
Tracings
Special Sections
Alvin Kamara Fantasy Projections: Week 5 vs. the Chiefs

Published 9:57 pm Wednesday, October 2, 2024

By Data Skrive

New Orleans Saints RB Alvin Kamara will take on the eighth-ranked rushing defense of the Kansas City Chiefs (99 yards conceded per game) in Week 5, at 8:15 PM ET on Monday.

Is Kamara’s game versus the Chiefs this week a good time to start him in fantasy? Below, we highlight his relevant fantasy numbers.

Email newsletter signup
Sign up for our daily email newsletter

Get in the game and sign up for FanDuel Fantasy today. Use our link to start playing daily fantasy.

Alvin Kamara Fantasy Projections
Matchup: New Orleans Saints at Kansas City Chiefs
Projected Fantasy Points: 13.6
Game Day & Time: October 7, 2024 at 8:15 PM ET
TV Channel: ESPN
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)

Don’t miss a touchdown this NFL season. Catch every score with NFL RedZone on Fubo. What is Fubo? Fubo is a streaming service that gives you access to your favorite live sports and shows on demand. Start your risk free trial today and watch seven hours of commercial-free football from every NFL game every Sunday.

Alvin Kamara Fantasy Points by Week
Week	Opponent	Fantasy Points (PPR)	Carries	Rush Yards	Rush TDs	Receptions	Rec Yards	Rec TDs
Week 1	@Panthers	22	15	83	1	5	27	0
Week 2	@Cowboys	44	20	115	3	2	65	1
Week 3	@Eagles	15.7	26	87	0	3	40	0
Week 4	@Falcons	24.9	19	77	1	7	42	0

Sign up for FanDuel Fantasy to start playing today.

Alvin Kamara Fantasy Stats
Kamara leads his position, and third overall in the league, with 89.6 fantasy points (22.4 per game).
In his past three games, Kamara has rushed for 279 yards on 65 carries, with four touchdowns, and has 147 yards receiving on 12 catches (15 targets) with one TD. He has picked up 72.6 fantasy points (24.2 per game).
In his best game of the season — Week 2 versus the Dallas Cowboys — Alvin Kamara finished with 42 fantasy points. His stat line: 20 carries, 115 yards, 3 TDs; 2 receptions, 65 yards, 1 TD.
In his worst game of the season, Kamara finished with 12.7 fantasy points — 26 carries, 87 yards; 3 receptions, 40 yards. That was in Week 3 versus the Philadelphia Eagles.

Add Kamara to your FanDuel Fantasy lineup today!

id:
MORE PLAYER PROPS
Will Alvin Kamara Play in Week 18? NFL Injury Status, News & Updates
Will Marquez Valdes-Scantling Play in Week 18? NFL Injury Status, News & Updates
Will Chris Olave Play in Week 18? NFL Injury Status, News & Updates
Will Juwan Johnson Play in Week 18? NFL Injury Status, News & Updates
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
How to Watch the NBA Today, January 6

On a Monday NBA card that features nine thrilling matchups, the Dallas Mavericks versus the Memphis Grizzlies is…

NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, January 6

In a Monday NBA slate that features a lot of competitive matchups, the Orlando Magic versus the New…

How to live stream NFL RedZone Week 18 with Fubo

Football fans, want to watch all of the NFL action this week? Forget flipping back and forth between…

January 5 NHL TV Schedule: TV Channel, Start Times & Live Streaming Options

The NHL schedule today should provide some fireworks. The matchups include the Tampa Bay Lightning playing the Anaheim…

NBA Best Bets: Pelicans vs. Wizards Picks for January 5

The New Orleans Pelicans (6-29) are favored (by 4.5 points) to stop a 15-game road losing streak when…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Natchez Democrat Games

All games are FREE. No subscription required to play.



Today's Crossword
Today's Word Search
Today's Sudoku


Click here for more games


Polls

Who do you think is controlling the drones in the northeast?

 Aliens
 CIA
 China
 NORAD
 Those aren't drones

View Results

Mississippi River level at Natchez
Special Sections
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Obituaries
Records
Lifestyles
Classifieds
E-Edition
Contests
Tracings
Small Business
Weather Alerts
Archives
Services
About Us
Subscribe
Policies
Terms of use
Submit a Photo
Submit a News Tip
Birth Announcement
Submit a Birthday Announcement
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Submit an Anniversary Announcement
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a Classified Ad
Copyright
© 2025, Mississippi's Best Community Newspaper
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.natchezdemocrat.com/2024/10/02/alvin-kamara-fantasy-projections-week-5-vs-the-chiefs/ 
 ----- 
