Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Brandon Ingram #14, Zion Williamson #1, and CJ McCollum of the New Orleans Pelicans on Media Day.
Pelicans practice report: Starters likely to play maximum of 20 minutes vs. Magic on Monday
Jim Eichenhofer
October 6, 20241:19 PM CDT

Expect to see New Orleans’ most prominent players during Monday’s preseason opener vs. Orlando (12:30 p.m., Pelicans.com, WWL 870 AM). Just not for heavy minutes against the Magic. Fourth-year Pelicans head coach Willie Green said Saturday that his starters will play, but they won’t be on the floor for a heavy workload.

“More than likely it will be 20 minutes and under, something like that,” Green said.

Green wasn’t ready to commit to which lineup will start Monday; it’s also worth noting that Monday’s first unit isn’t necessarily what the Pelicans will use on a consistent basis moving forward. Even with standout reserve Trey Murphy (hamstring) sidelined for all of the team’s four-game preseason schedule, New Orleans still has a multitude of potential options and permutations for its starting five.

“There are going to be times where we go position-less,” Green said, referring to the Pelicans using no-center lineups featuring versatile guards and wings who can all handle the ball and switch on defense. “It could be to start the game, or at some point throughout the course of the game, but we’re probably going to play more of that than we have in the past.”

The No. 5 seed in the Eastern Conference last season, Orlando presents a unique challenge, as one of the NBA’s premier defensive and rebounding clubs, ranking third and fourth, respectively, in those categories in 2023-24. The Pelicans will actually play the Magic twice this week, including a Friday rematch in Central Florida.

“All the guys have come in and we’re having really good practices, highly competitive,” Green said. “I’m sure come Monday they’ll look forward to beating up on another team, other than their teammates. So we’re excited about that.”

Other notes:

Green on the backcourt duo of offseason trade addition Dejounte Murray and veteran CJ McCollum: “Dangerous for other teams. Both of those guys are seasoned vets. They understand how to get to their spots offensively. They are playing off one another. Add (Brandon Ingram) to the mix, (Zion Williamson), Herb (Jones), Trey, (Daniel) Theis, all of those guys are playing well together. We’ve got to continue to work on it. Adding Dejounte, this is his first time with this group. It looks good, but it will be something we continue to work on and get better.”

Tags
CJ MCCOLLUM
DEJOUNTE MURRAY
Related Articles
Pelicans practice report: Starters likely to play maximum of 20 minutes vs. Magic on Monday
Behind the Numbers: Magic at Pelicans preseason (10/7/2024)
Todd Graffagnini on Training Camp, preseason opener vs. Magic | Pelicans Podcast
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/pelicans-practice-report-starters-likely-to-play-maximum-of-20-minutes-vs-magic-on-monday 
 ----- 
