Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Community
Features
E-Edition
Archives
Advertise
Subscribe
Site search
Toggle navigation
Kim Collins Obituary
Oct 9, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email

Kim Collins

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

It is with deep sorrow that we announce the passing of Kim Lorraine (Day) Collins, beloved wife of Eric O. Collins, who left us on the evening of Sept. 24, 2024, following a courageous year-long battle with a bile duct cancer; Kim faced her illness with the utmost graciousness that anyone could ever imagine.

Kim was born on June 16, 1955, in Newport City, Vermont, to her loving parents Evelyn and Cyril Day. She was the fourth child in her family, growing up alongside her siblings Cheryl, Terry, Randy, and Robin. Kim was educated in the Newport school system and attended North Country, where she would often be seen in the accompaniment of the Guillette girls. Kim also worked for Dr. Durgan and his wife Maude doing housecleaning and making the doctor bow ties. Kim graduated from the Vermont College of Cosmetology.

Kim was known for her kindness, generosity, sense of humor, treatment of others, passionate love for life, and her passion for hair - her hair and the hair of the heads that she did in a 50-year career of cutting, grooming, and styling as a cosmetologist. She was also heavily involved in her communities: In St. Albans, she supervised the guides, herself the lead tour guide and photographer at the St. Albans Haunted House, which enjoyed 11 Halloweens from 1979 to 1989, and was also part of the World’s Largest Snowman and the World’s Largest Ice Cream Sundae endeavors.

Moving to Richford, she again immersed herself in local activities. She served 29 years as Richford’s Housing Code Enforcement Officer, about 19 years as a Lister, 16 years as the E911 Coordinator, and 15 years serving as the Registrar for all of the town’s cemeteries, holding all of the offices and appointments concurrently. Kim worked election polls under three town clerks for a 20-year span. She designed and produced the annual Town Report covers and was an avid photographer. Her photography can be found in pictures of 20 years of 4th of July parades and hometown follies. She was also the hometown folly’s Largest Battery Bunny. In her spare time, she and her husband raised 10 canines over a 42-year span.

Kim loved Halloween and Christmas. There were 13 indoor decorated trees at 114 Main and the parlor dedicated to Christmas year-round. When they moved to 60 Main, there was only one tree. Eric would never allow her to turn on the Christmas lights before November 1st, as he insisted on his pagan holiday of passing souls not to be interrupted.

Kim is survived by her loving husband and her siblings Cheryl, Terry, and Robin; her niece Chantelle, great-niece Bella, and nephew Joshua Orlen. She is survived by four special quasi-adopted sons: T.J. Camilleri, Andrew Davis, Thomas Lyke, and Stuart Morse; and Bro & Sis Tillotson. She was preceded in death by her parents, her brother Randy, and a special friend, Kaye Mooney. They will always occupy a special place in her virtual heart.

The family wishes to thank everyone for their love, support, and condolences during this difficult time. May Kim rest peacefully by the still waters, romping in the tall grasses with her beloved doggies Captain Crunch Collins, Lady Cassandra Wildflower Day, Jake Von Bear LH, and Lady Markita.

Kim loved flowers, the more the merrier. She loved every color except yellow. If you’re thinking of a donation in her name, consider the ASPCA 142 Kindness Ct, South Burlington, VT 05403.

A service to celebrate Kim’s life will be held in the Sanctuary on Columbus Day, Oct. 14, 2024, at 1 p.m. at St. Paul’s Methodist Church, 11 Church St., St Albans, Vt., with light potluck refreshments to follow in the Fellowship Hall. Family and friends are welcome to attend and share memories of her.

Honored to be serving the Collins family is Casey McNally of the Heald Funeral Home where messages of condolence are welcome at www.healdfuneralhome.com.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
GOT AN ANNOUNCEMENT?

We accept many different kinds of announcements. Just click on the button below and submit a form.

Submit
NEWSLETTERS
Daily Headlines

Today's top headlines from the Caledonian-Record.

Breaking News

Breaking News alerts from The Caledonian-Record news team.

Business Week

The latest business news from the Northeast Kingdom, North Country and beyond.

Classifieds and Ads

Recent Advertisements from our partners.

Editor's Picks

Stories we think you'll like - Editor's Picks from The Caledonian-Record

Most Popular Stories

The most read stories of the week from www.caledonianrecord.com.

	
Sign up
Manage your lists
ABOUT US
The Caledonian Record is a family-owned, independent daily newspaper serving six counties in Northeastern Vermont and Northern New Hampshire. It’s published six days a week and was founded in 1837.
PHOTO GALLERY
FOLLOW US
Facebook
 
Twitter
Caledonian-Record
Follow us on Twitter: @CalRecord COPYRIGHT CALEDONIAN RECORD PUBLISHING COMPANY, INC 2016  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.caledonianrecord.com/community/deaths/kim-collins-obituary/article_d5dcd72b-6d1c-5edc-8adb-5c9378adc67d.html 
 ----- 
