ES Fancast

Home
/
MLB
2024 MLB Postseason Preview: Playoff Bracket, Where and How to Watch, Teams to Look Out For
By
Sagarika Das

Oct 2, 2024 | 9:44 AM MDT

Debate

USA Today via Reuters

It’s October, can you feel the excitement over the 2024 MLB postseason? The regular season has been a rollercoaster ride, and now, the best teams are geared up for the ultimate clash for glory. Picture this — nail-biting games between the best teams, that will have you on the edge of your seats. From historic rivalries to underdog stories, every game is going to be filled with tension, so, let’s hit a home run with this postseason preview! 

Watch What’s Trending Now!

2024 MLB postseason bracket – Byes and wild card series

MLB post-season kicked off with a bang on Tuesday, with four Game 1 matchups in the best-of-three wild card series. The air was filled with tension as the Detroit Tigers and Kansas City Royals made their playoff debuts. The Tigers shone against the Houston Astros and the Royals rose to the occasion against the Baltimore Orioles. Now, the four teams, who lost on Tuesday, will face elimination in Wednesday’s Game 2. At present, some squads are sitting pretty and enjoying a well-deserved break. The four top teams include the New York Yankees, the Cleveland Guardians, the Los Angeles Dodgers, and the Philadelphia Phillies.

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

These teams are enjoying the first-round byes and are all set to get straight into the League Division Series. On Monday, the postseason picture was locked in when the Mets and Braves held into the last two playoff spots, with the Arizona Diamondbacks on the outside, looking in. The Wild Card Series will be hosted by the higher-seeded teams and will conclude on October 3. Here’s the full playoff schedule to catch all the action:

Step 1 of 8
Quiz of the day
3:00
left

Which team is considered a strong contender in the MLB postseason according to the preview?

Atlanta Braves
Los Angeles Dodgers
New York Yankees
Houston Astros
MLB playoff schedule and changes in start dates, and how to watch

With the postseason, things are heating up, and staying on top of when to catch the games is crucial. No one wants to miss a thrilling moment. The Wild Card Series is in full swing now, and here is the entire schedule.

Wild Card Series: October 1-3, 2024
League Division Series: Starting October 5, 2024
League Championship Series: Kicking off on October 13, 2024
World Series: Starting from October 22 or October 25, 2024

Fans can tune in through a variety of networks like ESPN, Fox, and TBS. So stock up on your favorite snack, settle in your comfy chair, and get ready for some thrilling actions. Whether you are rooting for the Yankees, the Tigers, or anyone else, this postseason is sure to deliver more than your expectations.

What’s your perspective on:

Are the favorites really as unbeatable as everyone thinks, or are we in for some surprises?

Have an interesting take?

Debate

The biggest stories of the playoffs
New York Yankees: The return of the Bronx Bombers

The New York Yankees are gearing up for the next leg and all eyes are going to be on MVP candidates Aaron Judge and Juan Soto. Both have carried the team to the success path this season. And while Judge did fall into a slump, his gameplay was stellar. But his postseason average has been shaky, so, Soto’s ability to get on base could help further. If the Yanks want to lift the trophy, they would need these two stars to shine brightly in the October spotlight. 

USA Today via Reuters

One thing the team would have to pay attention to is just their fundamental baseball. They rank last in the majors for baserunning, their defensive lapses and the sole reliance on home runs could haunt them forward. Eyes will be peeled off Aaron Boone and how he can guide his team through the playoffs successfully. 

Kansas City Royals- The underdogs who are on a mission!

Don’t underestimate the Royals! The team has become the poster child for resilience and has had a fairytale season this year. They have emerging stars like Bobby Witt Jr and MJ Melendez, who have shown their penchant to pull off some surprising games. Keep an eye on them aiming for that postseason glory.

Detroit Tigers: The tough competitors

The Detroit Tigers just won the game against the Houston Astros and made their place. And there seems to be no stopping them. They have a star, Tarik Skubal, and an offense they can capitalize on. So, definitely, a team to look out for in the postseason in MLB. 

Los Angeles Dodgers: triple threat

Los Angeles Dodgers have been a glory to watch, especially with Shohei Ohtani, slashing all boundaries. Plus Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman are also stellar players. Given such a lineup, we can look for nothing more than the best from them. The only thing that might stop them on their road to glory is injuries. There have been an alarming number of Dodgers injured players. 

USA Today via Reuters

Philadelphia Phillies: The high-flying contenders

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

The Phillies have been a fan favorite this year. They have a veteran roster and also narrowly missed the World Series in 2023. What makes the team different this year is the pitching staff, which consists of five 2024 All-Stars. Christopher Sanchez has been dominant since August and all eyes are going to be on him to make an impact. But one can’t even ignore Bryce Harper. In other news, his jersey was the second highest-selling in MLB, just below Ohtani.

San Diego Padres: The wild cards

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

Finally, the Padres is a team that’s shown to thrive under pressure. Their game with the Braves was a delight to watch! With a lineup full of dynamic players, including Fernando Tatis Jr., they are ready to create some fireworks in the playoffs. 

The stakes are high at MLB and every pitch counts now – October is going to be filled with drama and excitement and of course a whole lot of baseball. The journey to the World Series begins now, and it promises to be a wild one. Who are you rooting for? Share below. 

Share this with a friend:

Challenge Your Sports Knowledge!

Solve the puzzle and prove your knowledge of iconic players, terms, and moments.

Play Now!

Debate

What's Your Perspective On

Are The Favorites Really As Unbeatable As Everyone Thinks, Or Are We In For Some Surprises?

Written By

Sagarika Das

734
Articles
One Take at a Time
Sagarika Das is a NASCAR Writer at EssentiallySports, where she is involved in the event coverage side of things. She brings some of the most exciting and unpredictable post-race interviews from the Cup series to her readers. On the subject of drivers being vocal after the race, Sagarika has done plenty of stories on Denny Hamlin, who she thinks never disappoints when it comes to speaking his mind on the mic.
Know more

Edited By

Sanchari Bhaduri

EssentiallySports is a digital-first sports media house that surfaces the best stories on America's favorite sports celebrities with a fan's perspective to 30+ M average monthly readers.

Sports

All

Boxing

Golf

NASCAR

NBA

NFL

Tennis

UFC

WNBA

College Football

Track And Field

Gymnastics

Olympics

MLB

Soccer

Swimming

EssentiallySports

About Us

Advertise With Us

Authors

Editorial Team

Behind The Scenes

Humans of EssentiallySports

Contact Us

Press

FAQs

Our Brands

ES Think Tank

Essentially Athletics

She Got Game

Essentially Golf

Lucky Dog on Track

FanCast

Privacy Policy

ES Pressroom

Ethics Policy

Fact-Checking Policy

Corrections Policy

Cookies Policy

GDPR Compliance

Terms Of Use

Editorial Guidelines

Ownership And Funding Information

Full Spectrum Services LLP © 2025 | All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.essentiallysports.com/mlb-baseball-news-mlb-postseason-preview-playoff-bracket-where-and-how-to-watch-teams-to-look-out-for/ 
 ----- 
