MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Stars meet Zambia in tough World Cup Qualifying match
Tuesday, June 11, 2024

Taifa Stars players, Simon Msuva (left) and Mudathir Yahaya, fight for the ball during the training session. PHOTO | COURTESY

By 
Majuto Omary

Sports Reporter

Mwananchi Communications Ltd

What you need to know:
Tanzania is currently placed fourth in Group E, with three points from two matches.

Dar es Salaam. The national football team (Taifa Stars) faces Zambia today in their third match of the World Cup qualifiers at the Levy Mwanawasa Stadium in Ndola, Zambia.

The Group E match is scheduled to kick off at 7 p.m. Tanzanian time, with Taifa Stars targeting a good result to climb to second place in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers, which will be co-hosted by three countries for the first time in history: Canada, Mexico, and the USA.

Tanzania is currently placed fourth in Group E, with three points from two matches.

RELATED
Stars face challenging task in Fifa World Cup qualifiers
Sports Jul 15, 2023
TFF to meet Samatta over Taifa Stars resignation
Sports Jun 07

The team secured a 1-0 victory away against Niger but later lost 0-2 to Morocco at the Benjamin Mkapa Stadium on November 21 last year.

Zambia is second with three points from three matches, while Morocco tops the group with six points from two matches.

The other teams in Group E are Niger, in third place with three points from two matches, and Congo Brazzaville, at the bottom with no points after playing one match. Congo Brazzaville hosts Morocco today.

Taifa Stars head coach Hemed “Morocco” Suleiman said all players are ready for the encounter and expect tough opposition.

He mentioned that the team has trained well and is optimistic about achieving a good result in today’s match.

“Everything is okay in camp, as every player is eager to face Zambia. They are in good shape, and I believe we will come out with smiling faces,” said Morocco.

Team defender Bakari Mwamnyeto expressed their readiness for the clash against one of Africa’s giants and called on all fans to turn up at the stadium to support them.

Records show that the teams have met eight times since 2009, with the Taifa Stars winning one match, Zambia winning three, and four draws.

In their last match, played on January 21 this year in Ivory Coast during the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon), the teams recorded a 1-1 draw, with Zambia equalising in the dying minutes.

Defender Nickson Kibabage emphasised the need to stretch their muscles to win against Zambia, who lost 2-1 in their last match against Morocco.

“We are facing a tough team, but our target is to do well. We need to show our best in order to win,” said Kibabage. Another team defender, Mohammed “Tshabalala” Hussein, noted that it is a crucial match and that victory is the most favourable result, despite playing away.

 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
Putin apologises to Azerbaijan over 'tragic' airliner crash

The extremely rare publicised apology from Putin was the closest Moscow had come to accepting some blame for Wednesday's disaster

World 2 hours ago
Egypt completes trial run of new Suez Canal channel extension

Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi said on Thursday that due to "regional challenges", the country had lost approximately $7 billion in Suez Canal revenue in 2024

Africa 2 hours ago
PRIME
 The story of Muhoozi and Bobi Wine

The Muhoozi you see today is a response to Bobi Wine’s celebrity. However, there is more.

East Africa News 2 hours ago
by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Ugandan woman arre sted trying to flee to Tanzania after allege dly cutting off her...
Shock as Mungai dies in Dar after a short illness
Kenyan woman, daug hters shot dead by husband in the US
250+ Courses That Will Help You Make the Most of Your...
Georgetown University
The Biden Administr ation Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S....
Ike Brannon
The New Nissan Rogu e SUV Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads...
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
Learn More: Bipolar I Disorder
GoodRx
Learn More
Russia warns US of 'consequences' after deadly Crimea strike
New Hyundai's On Sale
SearchTopics | Search Ads
Learn More
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/stars-meet-zambia-in-tough-world-cup-qualifying-match-4653698 
 ----- 
