Latest
Japan
Visual Stories
Travel/Tourism
World
Sports
Feature
Arts
Podcast
Olympics
Paralympics
About us


Baseball: Yusei Kikuchi roughed up for 6 runs over 5 innings, takes loss

 KYODO NEWS - Sep 14, 2023 - 13:25 | Sports, All

Yusei Kikuchi gave up six runs, including two home runs, over five innings and got tagged with a loss Wednesday as the Toronto Blue Jays were clobbered 10-0 by the Texas Rangers.

Yusei Kikuchi of the Toronto Blue Jays pitches against the Texas Rangers in an MLB game at Rogers Centre, Toronto, on Sept. 13, 2023. (Kyodo)

Kikuchi (9-6) allowed four runs in the fourth inning when Jonah Heim singled in the opening run with two on and one out followed by a three-run shot from Nathaniel Lowe, who belted a low 1-1 slider over the center-field wall at Rogers Centre.

Robbie Grossman, who had the Rangers' first hit of the game in the fourth, pulled a two-run homer in the fifth off a 2-1 curveball from Kikuchi with two out.

"I was unable to throw fastballs that the batters would have not wanted to see, and that set them up to hit fat breaking balls," Kikuchi said. "It was a really important game so I wanted to win. I couldn't help the team out."

Kikuchi's wait for his first double-digit win MLB season goes on with the southpaw never having recorded more than seven in his previous four years.

Shintaro Fujinami, meanwhile, worked a perfect ninth throwing eight pitches as the Baltimore Orioles lost 1-0 to the St. Louis Cardinals.

Related coverage:

Baseball: Kikuchi takes loss as Rockies bounce back to beat Blue Jays

Baseball: Kikuchi holds Guardians to run over 7 innings, gets loss

Baseball: Yusei Kikuchi earns 9th win as Blue Jays snap skid against O's

Sep 14, 2023 | KYODO NEWS

Popular
Boxing: "Monster" Inoue confident ahead of postponed bout vs. Goodman

Jan 8, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Athletics: Aoyama Gakuin rewrites record, retains Hakone Ekiden crown

Jan 3, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Golf: Matsuyama earns 11th career PGA win at season-opening Sentry

Jan 6, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Nishikori, injured Osaka come up short in tournament finals

Jan 5, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Badminton: Two-time world doubles champions taking different paths

Jan 7, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Latest Video
More from Sports
Football: Furuhashi nets 10 goals for 4th season in row as Celtic win

1 hour ago | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Kei Nishikori wins in Australian Open return

2 hours ago | KYODO NEWS

Football: Anrie Chase eyes bigger impact in breakthrough Stuttgart season

2 hours ago | KYODO NEWS

Paralympic gold medalist to publish free magazine to promote goalball

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Curling: Teenage pair generates buzz with mixed doubles upsets

Jan 12, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Boxing: Goodman out of Inoue world title bout with another eye injury

Jan 11, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Tennis: Naomi Osaka is past wishful thinking, looks to end victory drought

Jan 10, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Sumo: Terunofuji set to return from long absence at New Year meet

Jan 10, 2025 | KYODO NEWS

Football: Furuhashi nets 10 goals for 4th season in row as Celtic win

 KYODO NEWS - 1 hour ago - 16:47 | Sports, All

About Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Copyright
Links
Contact
Advertise With Us

© Kyodo News.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://english.kyodonews.net/news/2023/09/89a159e2bd60-baseball-kikuchi-roughed-up-for-6-runs-over-5-innings-takes-loss.html 
 ----- 
