Skip to content

Times of San Diego

Local News and Opinion for San Diego

DONATE
Menu
POSTED IN
SPORTS
Musgrove, Solano Help Padres Creep Closer to Dodgers in 8-0 Win Over Giants
by Associated Press
Sept. 14, 2024, 11:20 p.m.
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Padres designated hitter Luis Arraez (4) in the midst of his lengthy no strikeout streak. Here, he singles against St. Louis on Aug. 28, at Busch Stadium, St. Louis. (Photo by Keith Gillett/Icon Sportswire)

Joe Musgrove struck out eight in six innings, Manny Machado and Jackson Merrill both drove in two runs and the Padres beat San Francisco 8-0 on Saturday.

It was the Giants’ third straight shutout, two at the hands of the Padres.

Donovan Solano had four of San Diego’s 17 hits and Xander Bogaerts homered. The Friars who hold the top National League wild card spot, but also clawed within 3 1/2 games of the division-leading Dodgers; L.A fell 10-1 to the Braves and have lost four of their last five games.

Luis Arráez extended his streak to 135 at-bats without a strikeout. It’s the longest since Juan Pierre went 147 at-bats without a strikeout in 2004.

Bogey Bomb by The Bay 💣 pic.twitter.com/T1EirMbHoa

— San Diego Padres (@Padres) September 15, 2024

Musgrove (6-5) rebounded after allowing six runs in a loss to the Giants last week, holding San Francisco to three hits without a walk this time.

Giants starter Mason Black (0-4) yielded two runs and six hits in four innings, losing to the Padres for the second consecutive start.

After Black exited, the Padres gave Musgrove a 5-0 cushion with a three-run sixth against Sean Hjelle. Arráez had a two-out RBI single, also extending his hitting streak to 12 games. Later in the inning, Machado drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single.

The Friars added three more in the eighth, including a two-run double by Merrill.

Can we interest you in some more runs? 😏 pic.twitter.com/2mfZfCHmex

— San Diego Padres (@Padres) September 15, 2024

Machado gave the Padres an early lead with a double that scored Jurickson Profar from first after an error by centerfielder Heliot Ramos on the throw. Bogaerts’ homer in the fourth made it 2-0.

Martin Pérez (4-5, 4.46), Sunday’s scheduled starter, was reinstated from the paternity list. He’ll face the Giants’ Landen Roupp (0-1, 3.44 ERA).

Tom Cosgrove was optioned to Triple-A El Paso to make room for Pérez.

TAGGED:Joe Musgrove, Luis Arraez, Manny Machado, National League West, San Diego Padres
Leave a comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Del Mar Bluffs Work Will Halt Train Service From Oceanside to San Diego This WeekendDel Mar Bluffs Work Will Halt Train Service From Oceanside to San Diego This Weekend
Read More
GET TIMES OF SAN DIEGO BY EMAIL

Our free newsletter is delivered at 8 a.m. daily.

Enter address: 

LATEST NEWS
Del Mar Bluffs Work Will Halt Train Service From Oceanside to San Diego This Weekend
Fallbrook Fire Destroys Home Before Crews Gain Upper Hand
Start 2025 Healthy at Walmart Wellness Day: Free Screenings & Immunizations
Unveiling San Diego’s Unusual Past: 11 Quirky Historical Gems That Shaped the County
Man, 36, Arrested In Vista Road Rage Dispute
MOST POPULAR STORIES
Red-Flag Warning for Fire Danger Extended in San Diego County with More High Winds on Way
Macy's Closing Dozens of Stores, 2 in San Diego County Shopping Centers
As Supervisor, Nora Vargas Didn't Report 'Personal Safety' Fears to Sheriff, Police
City of Chula Vista Seeks Public Input on Housing and Community Development Priorities
Brian Matusz Dies at 37: University of San Diego Star Played 8 Years in MLB
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
RSS

ABOUT
Donate
Newsletters
Corrections Policy
Contact Us
Privacy Statement
Republication Guidelines
Terms of Use


Support Local News

San Diego residents need the truth. Help us report it. Join the growing list of donors investing in our community's long-term future. 

Donate
© 2025 NEWSWELL
Powered by Newspack
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://timesofsandiego.com/sports/2024/09/14/musgrove-solano-help-padres-creep-closer-to-dodgers-in-8-0-win-over-giants/ 
 ----- 
