Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Musgrove goes 6 innings as Padres hand Giants their 3rd straight shutout in 8-0 win
1 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres pitcher Joe Musgrove works against the San Francisco Giants during the first inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

2 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Donovan Solano gestures after hitting a double against the San Francisco Giants during the seventh inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

3 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Manny Machado, right, gestures next to San Francisco Giants second baseman Marco Luciano, left, while advancing to second base after hitting a two-run single during the sixth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

Read More
4 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres pitcher Alek Jacob, left, celebrates with right fielder Fernando Tatis Jr. after the Padres defeated the San Francisco Giants in a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

5 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Luis Arraez runs to first base on his RBI single during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Francisco Giants in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

6 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants manager Bob Melvin, left, takes the ball from pitcher Jordan Hicks, right, during a pitching change in the eighth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

7 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants’ Matt Chapman, left, hitting coach Pat Burrell, second from left, Patrick Bailey, middle, and Mike Yastrzemski, right, watch from the dugout during the eighth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

Read More
8 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Donovan Solano (39) celebrates with third baseman Tyler Wade after the Padres defeated the San Francisco Giants in a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

9 of 10 |  

San Diego Padres’ Luis Arraez, left, scores past San Francisco Giants catcher Patrick Bailey during the eighth inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

10 of 10 |  

San Francisco Giants pitcher Mason Black reacts on the mound during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu)

BY  ERIC HE
Updated 4:55 AM UTC, September 15, 2024
Share

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Joe Musgrove struck out eight in six innings, Manny Machado and Jackson Merrill both drove in two runs and the San Diego Padres beat San Francisco 8-0 on Saturday night to hand the Giants their third straight shutout.

Donovan Solano had four of San Diego’s 17 hits and Xander Bogaerts homered for the Padres, who hold the top National League wild card. They clawed within 3 1/2 games of the first-place Dodgers — who have lost four of five — in the NL West.

Musgrove said the Padres are “chasing right down their backs right now.”

“We’re playing really good baseball,” he said. “Our confidence is high. The approach is right on both sides of the baseball. So I think we’re in a really good spot to make a push at this thing.”

The Giants have lost four of five. They’ve been shut out in three consecutive games for the first time since 1992 and just the fourth time in the San Francisco era (since 1958).

Frustrated manager Bob Melvin said his team is focused, running hard down the line and preparing for games, but “it just looks awful when you’re not hitting and you’re playing awful defense.”

RELATED STORIES
Dodgers announce 5-year contract with LHP Blake Snell
Former GM Bobby Evans and ex-agent Jeff Berry become special advisers with the San Francisco Giants
Signing with Dodgers was really easy decision for 2-time Cy Young winner Blake Snell

He added the Giants did not display “major league quality” on Saturday.

“It’s the big leagues,” Melvin said. “It looks like the instructional league at times.”

San Francisco has only 14 hits over the last three games, and is the first MLB team to be blanked in three straight games this season.

“I feel like every team struggles, but not this bad,” second-place hitter Heliot Ramos said. “We’ve got to be better as a team and individually as well.”

Luis Arráez extended his streak to 135 at-bats without a strikeout for the Padres. It’s the longest since Juan Pierre went 147 at-bats without a strikeout in 2004.

Before the game, Melvin said the approach to pitching to Arráez is “carefully, and hope he hits it at somebody.”

“The issue is what you’ve got coming behind him,” Melvin said. “So, you just have to deal with him and try to make good pitches on him.”

Musgrove (6-5) rebounded after allowing six runs in a loss to the Giants last week, holding San Francisco to three hits without a walk this time.

Giants starter Mason Black (0-4) yielded two runs and six hits in four innings, losing to the Padres for the second consecutive start.

“It’s just been, continue to attack,” Black said of what he’s learned from facing San Diego twice in a row. “It’s almost like I just want to go out there, prove to myself and see what I can do and let them hit the ball.”

After Black exited, the Padres gave Musgrove a 5-0 cushion with a three-run sixth against Sean Hjelle. Arráez had a two-out RBI single, also extending his hitting streak to 12 games. Later in the inning, Machado drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single. San Diego added three more in the eighth, including a two-run double by Merrill.

Padres manager Mike Shildt said having Solano, who entered the game batting .288, hitting eighth is a testament to the strength of San Diego’s lineup.

“Sometimes you look to the bottom as a breather, and there’s no breathers at the bottom of our lineup,” Shildt said. “Having Donovan Solano — if he’s down there hitting eight for us — says quite a lot about the length of our lineup.”

Machado gave the Padres an early lead with a double that scored Jurickson Profar from first after an error by Ramos on his throw from center field. Bogaerts’ homer in the fourth made it 2-0.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Padres: INF Ha-Seong Kim (right shoulder inflammation) played light catch and plans to ramp up his throwing intensity in the next few days. … LHP Martin Pérez, the scheduled starter Sunday, was reinstated from the paternity list. LHP Tom Cosgrove was optioned to Triple-A El Paso.

Giants: INF Tyler Fitzgerald (lower back tightness) could return as soon as Tuesday after an MRI revealed no structural damage. … RHP Jordan Hicks (right shoulder inflammation) was reinstated from the injured list, and RHP Austin Warren was optioned to Triple-A Sacramento. … LHP Robbie Ray (left hamstring strain) threw a bullpen.

UP NEXT

Giants RHP Landen Roupp (0-1, 3.44 ERA) starts Sunday in the series finale opposite Pérez (4-5, 4.46).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Why this 'Sleeved' Cashmere Wrap is a Must-have Gift of...
FashionInUSA
:
Advertisement
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't delay motherhood for higher...
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Washington leads Pacific to 95-94 OT win over Washingto...
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
Council Bluffs: Why Are People Snapping Up This $49 Heater?
Top Trending News Today
Advertisement:
Learn More
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Compare High-Yield Savings Rates—Don't Miss Out
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Learn More
All New Chevy Silvera do 1500 Is North Amer ican Truck Of The...
1500 Truck Deals
Advertisement:
Top Vet Warns: "Never Do This With An Aging Cat"
Dr. Marty
Advertisement:
Click Here
Type In Any Name, Wait 2 Minutes, See The Engine's Matches On Next...
Consumer Daily
Advertisement:
It's Finally Here, Iowa 2025 Coverage for Cars Driven Fewer...
OTTO Quotes
Advertisement:
Learn More
How to deal with a mice infestation in a...
Peddle
Advertisement:
Learn More
Costco Shoppers Say This Eye Serum Is Actually Worth It
Vibriance
Advertisement:
Save Now
Trump can still vote after senten cing, but can't own a gun and...
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform...
AP News
Deni Avdija scores 26 as the Trail Blazers down the Pelicans 119-...
Deni Avdija scored 26 points, Shaedon Sharpe added 21 and the Portland Trail...
AP News
Jaw Dropping New Chevrolet Silverado 1500 Will Leave You...
New Truck Deals
Advertisement:
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
61 Shockingly Bizarre Gifts Nobody Would Think Of
Unforgettable Gadgets
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be...
A judge has ruled that a Wisconsin woman who stabbed her sixth grade classmate t...
AP News
Everything is gonna be alright here
RIU Hotels
Advertisement:
Book Now
I Started Doing This Every Morning, and My Husband Finds M...
ExpertsInGettingSlim
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Your Home's Value Is Public Knowledge (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Council Bluffs: Winter Stock Alert - $49 Smart Heater Selling Out Fast
Top Trending News Today:Advertisement
Learn More
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test:Advertisement
Click Here
Who Charges the Most for Car Insurance in Iowa?(Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes:Advertisement
Click Here
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/padres-giants-score-musgrove-f07287a41defda23e4af69d740db6782 
 ----- 
