MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Giants to promote Bryce Eldridge, 19, to Triple-A Sacramento
By Andrew Baggarly
Sep 14, 2024

185

SAN FRANCISCO — Bryce Eldridge has continued to elevate baseballs wherever the Giants have sent him this season. The top prospect’s own rise has been even more dramatic.

Barely two weeks after the Giants promoted Eldridge to Double-A Richmond, they set plans in motion to move him to the final rung of the minor-league ladder. Eldridge is headed for Triple-A Sacramento, where he’ll be the youngest player in the Pacific Coast League.

And where he’ll be just one level away from the major leagues.

“It’s nothing more than we wanted to get him another week of at-bats,” Giants farm director Kyle Haines said via text message. “The Double-A season is done on Sunday.”

Sending Eldridge to play a week at Sacramento will also shrink the gap between the minor-league season and the start of the Arizona Fall League, where the Giants expect to send Eldridge so that he can continue to see upper-level pitching and receive extensive instruction at first base. There’s no question now that first base — and the middle of a major-league lineup — is the destination for Eldridge, who was drafted as a two-way player in the first round (16th pick) of the 2023 draft out of James Madison High School in Vienna, Va.

“That’s one thing he’s done to help me out,” Haines said with a laugh. “Nobody’s asking me if he’s going to pitch this year. He’s done so well with his at-bats that nobody wonders why we said, ‘Hey, let’s just focus on the hitting part.’

“He’s gotten better every month. He keeps improving even when we’ve challenged him with higher levels. It’s been awesome to see him grow up in the field right in front of our eyes.”

Bryce Eldridge, 19 years old and crushing homers at Double-A 🚀

The @SFGiants' top-ranked prospect collects his 50th XBH of the season (most among all SF Minor Leaguers) in style, teeing off for @GoSquirrels homer No. 1 after joining the club this week. pic.twitter.com/wCIXptTVX4

— MLB Pipeline (@MLBPipeline) September 7, 2024

Eldridge made a brief professional debut last season that ended with 15 games at Low-A San Jose. That’s where he reported to start this season. The organizational plan in April was to leave Eldridge in San Jose all year while he got used to playing every day and navigated the inevitable ups and downs that all teenagers face in their first full season. But Eldridge forced them to accelerate the timeline, quickly finding his stride after missing a couple of weeks because of a hamstring injury. He posted an .801 OPS and hit 10 home runs in 205 at-bats for San Jose to earn a promotion in late June to High-A Eugene, and instead of struggling at a higher level, he reached another at the plate.

Eldridge hit .335 with 12 home runs and a 1.060 OPS in 48 games for Eugene while drawing 35 walks against 52 strikeouts in 173 at-bats. There’s been very little drop-off in nine games at Double-A Richmond, where he entered Friday batting .270 with two doubles, a triple and a home run among his 10 hits.

Haines spent time watching Eldridge last week with the Flying Squirrels in Richmond, where stadium was filled with friends and family.

“I talked with his mom and she was over the moon,” Haines said. “All his family and friends were there, some surprising him, some heckling him. For him to be able to play there is really special.”

A major-league debut would be even more special. But it’s not in the Giants’ interests to promote Eldridge to San Francisco to finish out the season. For starters, adding him to the 40-man roster this year would give them one fewer slot to shelter a minor leaguer who would otherwise be eligible to be taken in the Rule 5 draft. Having Eldridge finish the year in Sacramento is no guarantee that they will start him in Triple A next year, either.

But sometimes, you can’t hold back youth. The Giants just played the Milwaukee Brewers and got beaten by 20-year-old Jackson Chourio, who hit a home run and became the youngest player in major-league history to achieve a 20-homer, 20-steal season. It’s not impossible that Eldridge, who turns 20 on Oct. 20, could make his major-league debut at some point next season. And if he does, he’d become the Giants’ youngest position player to debut since Ken Henderson (20 years, 98 days) played his first game in 1966.

Eldridge, who is 6-foot-7 and sees eye to eye with the Yankees’ Aaron Judge, also would become the tallest position player in Giants history.

Partly because of Eldridge’s height and having to cover such a large strike zone, club officials expected him to experience some ups and downs at the plate in his first full season. They also evaluated his bat as a more likely difference maker than his arm. They aren’t complaining about getting it half right.

The scouting evaluation of his defense at first base isn’t quite as robust, which is why the Giants want to send him to Arizona to get extra work.

“Bryce came up (to San Jose) a little bit last year, and for an 18-year-old kid to have that kind of maturity in the box, the way he took at-bats and the calmness in his swings, you could see there was something there,” San Jose hitting coach Travis Ishikawa said last month. “And this year he’s built more confidence. This is a guy who will be a leader in the big-league clubhouse. I’m not sure when that’ll be, but you can see an aura and maturity level around him that you don’t see from a lot of 19-year-olds.”

ESPN’s Kiley McDaniel was the first to report Eldridge’s promotion to Sacramento.

(Photo of Bryce Eldridge in the Futures Game: Sam Hodde / MLB Photos via Getty Images)

Andrew Baggarly is a senior writer for The Athletic and covers the San Francisco Giants. He has covered Major League Baseball for more than two decades, including the Giants since 2004 for the Oakland Tribune, San Jose Mercury News and Comcast SportsNet Bay Area. He is the author of two books that document the most successful era in franchise history: “A Band of Misfits: Tales of the 2010 San Francisco Giants” and “Giant Splash: Bondsian Blasts, World Series Parades and Other Thrilling Moments By the Bay.” Follow Andrew on Twitter @extrabaggs

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5766541/2024/09/14/bryce-eldridge-sf-giants-triple-a-promotion/ 
 ----- 
