Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Baltimore Orioles » The future looks exciting…
This article is about 2 years old
The future looks exciting for the Baltimore Orioles, but they still have some tough decisions ahead

The Associated Press

October 11, 2023, 4:09 PM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print
Baltimore Orioles relief pitcher Yennier Cano (78) walks in the dugout after the Texas Rangers defeated the Orioles in Game 3 of a baseball AL...Read more

Moments after the Baltimore Orioles were eliminated by Texas in the AL Division Series — swept for the first time all year — manager Brandon Hyde couldn’t help but look toward a future that should be very exciting.

“This team going forward, heads up,” he said. “It’s going to be a really good club.”

It was already a really good club this year, when the Orioles finished with the best record in the American League. They did it with what feels like a once-in-a-generation group of young players, all arriving at around the same time, who could keep Baltimore among baseball’s elite for years to come.

However, even a franchise like the Orioles — with so many standouts under team control for a while — still has some tough decisions to make, and that means this coming offseason will be fascinating.

The Orioles won 83 games in 2022, and after that 31-game improvement, there was a sense the team might regress a bit — or at least level off. The players still had a lot to prove this season, and they quieted doubters to the tune of 101 wins and an AL East title.

Now it’s ownership that probably has more to prove. Baltimore still has the No. 29 payroll in the major leagues. If that improves to, say, league average, the Orioles have a chance to add some significant help to this stellar young core. But if the payroll remains where it is or not much higher, the team might be shedding key players sooner than it would like.

Even on a young team, players reach arbitration eligibility and their salaries go up. There’s also pressure to sign franchise cornerstones to big extensions that postpone their free agency, as far off as it may be.

Baltimore has a couple of those cornerstones in catcher Adley Rutschman and infielder Gunnar Henderson. The Orioles also have a more experienced — but still fairly young — trio of outfielders in Cedric Mullins, Austin Hays and Anthony Santander.

Rookies Grayson Rodriguez, Jordan Westburg, Colton Cowser, Heston Kjerstad and Joey Ortiz made their major league debuts this year and contributed to varying degrees. And there are still a few more top prospects in the minors, where the team’s Norfolk affiliate won the Triple-A Championship. Infielder Jackson Holliday is baseball’s top-ranked prospect according to MLB Pipeline.

So there’s a developing surplus of talent — a good problem to have, no doubt — and the Orioles will need to figure out how to get the most from it. Perhaps that will mean trading prospects for pitching help — or maybe dealing veterans with the expectation that younger players are ready to step up. Baltimore can bring back a very similar roster in 2024 if it chooses, but there may be a better way to build on this division-winning season.

The Orioles lost to the Rangers in large part because their starting pitchers didn’t make it out of the second inning in two of the three games, but Baltimore’s rotation held up well enough to outlast Tampa Bay in the division. Right-handers Rodriguez and Kyle Bradish have obvious potential. Lefty John Means finally made it back from Tommy John surgery, and Dean Kremer was a decent mid-rotation starter.

The Orioles have done a good job developing relievers lately, but now they have to face the likelihood of spending the whole 2024 season without star closer Félix Bautista following his Tommy John surgery.

Baltimore has plenty of time to decide how it wants to navigate all of its roster questions. What’s clear is that the team will be starting from an awfully good position. That’s been obvious for months now.

“We were supposed to win 76 games. Won 101, won the American League East. Really proud of our group. They defied all the odds. Nobody gave us a chance,” Hyde said. “It’s definitely a successful season and these guys are going to be really good going forward.”

——

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Orioles agree to $10 million, 1-year deal with reliever Andrew Kittredge, AP source says
Former Baltimore Orioles left-hander Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Charlie Morton agrees to a 1-year, $15 million deal with the Orioles
Recommended
More than 12 years for DC man who claimed self-defense in shooting death of 13-year-old boy
Expert weighs in on potential benefits of using drones for DC security
Metro gets cease and desist order; buses will no longer serve this Md. apartment complex
Related Categories:
	Baltimore Orioles | Sports | Washington, DC Sports
Around the Web
Warning Signals That You Have Myelodysplasia Syndrome! (Learn More)
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The Celebrities Who Have Been Banned for Life From SNL
SpilledDaily
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
Moerie
The Most Miserable City in America is in Iowa
HealthSymptoms
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
IRS 'prepared' for 2025 filing season, but potential spending cuts loom for the agency
For 2025, the return of IT efficiency and effectiveness
Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Federal retirements, OPM's backlog dropped in 2024
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/baltimore-orioles/2023/10/the-future-looks-exciting-for-the-baltimore-orioles-but-they-still-have-some-tough-decisions-ahead/ 
 ----- 
