Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTS
Column: MLB’s playoff format penalizes the top seeds. Is it time to say goodbye to the bye?
Matt Rourke/AP
1 of 4

The Braves' AJ Smith-Shawver watches during the sixth inning of Game 3 of an NL Division Series against the Phillies on Wednesday, Oct. 11, 2023, in Philadelphia.

By ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: October 13, 2023 at 12:15 PM CDT

The Baltimore Orioles won an American League-best 101 games during the regular season. The Los Angeles Dodgers also reached triple digits in victories.

Those impressive accomplishments earned both teams a bye in the opening round of the playoffs.

Clearly, the time off did them no good.

Tossing in the 104-win Atlanta Braves and the defending World Series champion Houston Astros, baseball’s four top seeds went a combined 2-6 on their home fields to start the best-of-five divisional round.

Which begs the question: Is it time to say goodbye to the bye?

The Orioles lost their first two games at home to the Texas Rangers, who finished off the sweep with a 7-1 win at home Tuesday.

The Dodgers were swept by the Arizona Diamondbacks, who won 4-2 on Wednesday after taking the first two games in L.A.

The Astros split their first two games in Houston with the Twins before advancing to their seventh consecutive AL Championship Series by winning twice in Minnesota.

And the power-hitting Braves couldn’t pull off a comeback in their series against the Phillies — they were eliminated Thursday night with a 3-1 loss in Philadelphia.

The Braves’ AJ Smith-Shawver watches during the sixth inning of Game 3 of an NL Division Series against the Phillies on Wednesday, Oct. 11, 2023, in Philadelphia.

“We came out slow. We had a good amount of off days,” Braves center fielder Michael Harris II said. “I guess it took some time to get the rust off.”

That’s understandable.

MLB’s relatively new playoff format — comprising six division winners and six wild-card teams, with the top two teams in each league advancing straight to the second round while the others play best-of-three series — actually seems to penalize the best teams by giving them five days off.

Yes, it’s a chance for stars such as Mookie Betts and Ronald Acuña Jr. to recover after a long season. And nobody complains about lining up their ace for Game 1 on full rest.

But remember, this is a sport that leans heavily on a monotonous schedule of games played almost every day for six months straight. The bye is a jarring change to the order of things.

“The format is unusual where you win a division and have this much time off,” Orioles manager Brandon Hyde said. “I don’t know if it’s a disadvantage, but it puts you in a different routine than you are during regular season and what you’re used to.”

Fans react to the Orioles losing to the Rangers in Game 2 of an AL Division Series at Oriole Park at Camden Yards on Oct. 8, 2023, in Baltimore.

Last season — the first with the current format — the top AL seeds, the Astros and New York Yankees, both won their division series after the bye. But in the National League, the Braves and Dodgers were upset by division rivals that finished a cumulative 36 games behind them during the regular season.

This season, the Dodgers blew away the Diamondbacks by 16 games in the NL West.

That meant nothing in the division series. Riding the momentum from their wild-card victory over the Milwaukee Brewers, the Diamondbacks rolled to an 11-2 win over well-rested Clayton Kershaw and the listless Dodgers in the opener, then held on for a 4-2 triumph in Game 2 at Dodger Stadium. They finished off the sweep back in Phoenix, setting a postseason record with four solo home runs in the third inning.

The Dodgers look on from the dugout in the ninth inning against the Diamondbacks during Game 3 of an NL Division Series at Chase Field on Oct. 11, 2023, in Phoenix.

“I don’t think that five days is ideal, but that’s the playoff structure,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “The world’s not perfect. A couple-day break would have been nice. But five’s a little …”

He didn’t finish the thought, but it was clear what Roberts was thinking.

“There’s nothing we can do about it,” he added.

What could MLB do about it? Here are some options:

More playoff teams

If the playoffs expanded with two more wild-card teams in each league, everyone would have to play in the opening round.

But this is the least attractive option because it would dilute the playoffs even further by sending more than half of the major-league teams — 16 of 30 — to the postseason.

Also, it would subject the top two seeds in each league to best-of-three series against teams that likely finished far behind them during the regular season.

Under such a format, for instance, the MLB-leading Braves would’ve opened the playoffs against the San Diego Padres, a team that barely eclipsed .500 (82-80) with 22 fewer wins than the Braves.

Also, a 16-team format opens the door for a team with a losing record to qualify for the playoffs. It wouldn’t have happened this year. But if such a system had been in place two years ago, the 79-83 Padres would have earned a wild card.

Fewer days off

The days off that are built into the schedule before and after the best-of-three wild-card series could be eliminated.

That would give the top seeds just a three-day break and penalize the teams that didn’t earn a bye with potentially tiresome travel arrangements — especially if their first-round matchups go the full three games.

But this format could present troublesome scheduling issues for television. Teams that clinched a series in a late-night Game 3 couldn’t be asked to start the next round in another city early the next afternoon.

One-game wild-card round

When MLB first introduced a second wild card in 2012, the opening round was a single-elimination game between the fourth and fifth seeds.

That reduced the downtime for the three division winners and produced plenty of drama. But one game to determine who advances and who goes home always seemed at odds with a sport that plays 162 games during the regular season.

Also, it would significantly reduce the number of games during the most profitable time of year for television revenues.

That ain’t happening.

The Korean model

The South Korean league has a unique ladder playoff system in which the top five teams qualify.

The element that might be incorporated into the MLB format is the best-of-three opening round between the fourth- and fifth-place teams.

The higher seed starts at home with a 1-0 series lead, needing only one win to advance. The lower seed must win two straight games to move on.

If MLB used that system for the opening round, only two days would be needed to determine the first-round winners. That would reduce the break for the top seeds to four days, and starting the wild-card round the day after the regular season would cut it to three.

That might be an option worth considering.

For sure, some sort of tweaking is needed.

The best teams deserve to be at their best for the most important games of the season.

Originally Published: October 12, 2023 at 11:23 PM CDT
Around the Web
The Best NFL QBs Ever Ranked in Order
YourBump
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
This Can Help Boost Brain Power by 60.2% (Add It To Your Breakfast)
Neuro Zoom
Containers Homes in Council Bluffs for Stunning Price - Peek Inside!
Shipping Container Homes
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Park Ranger Evacuates the Iowa Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Council Bluffs: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
10 Bad Foods You Should Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
Health News | Vision
Chiropractor: the Best Way to Relieve Back Pain After 50 (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Back Health
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Ahead of CTA fiscal cliff, Mayor Brandon Johnson warns Springfield not to hold Chicago hostage for ‘political gain’
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Elgin to pay $2.5 million to get rid of tent city along the Fox River
Zach LaVine’s streak of 30-point games hits a career-high 5 — plus 4 other takeaways from the Chicago Bulls’ rout
Today in Chicago History: ‘I decided to do my sitting over here,’ Mike Royko writes in his first Tribune column
Edward Hospital’s fitness center in Naperville remains unused nearly two years after closure
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposition to gay rights, dies at 84
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
Zach LaVine’s streak of 30-point games hits a career-high 5 — plus 4 other takeaways from the Chicago Bulls’ rout
Ohio State beats Texas 28-14 in the Cotton Bowl and will play Notre Dame for the CFP national championship
Maximizing Caleb Williams’ Year 2 growth is a ‘huge factor’ in the Chicago Bears coaching search
3 takeaways from the Chicago Blackhawks’ 5-3 loss in Detroit: ‘You can talk all you want but you’ve got to show up’
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
October
12
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/10/12/column-mlbs-playoff-format-penalizes-the-top-seeds-is-it-time-to-say-goodbye-to-the-bye/ 
 ----- 
