Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
World News
Daily Wire's Ben Shapiro slams Andrew and Tristan Tate over support for Palestine

The controversial right-wing political commentator had zero chill with the Tate brothers

Ben Shapiro and Andrew TateLAPRESSE
LW
10/10/2023 - 17:17 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
War in Israel. Iran officially denies any involvement in Hamas attack on Israel
War in Israel. Israel prime minister Netanyahu pledges 'to change Middle East': posts Gaza missile attack on his X account

The Israel vs Palestine conflict has gone through a terrible start of the week in terms of violence and murdered civilians on both sides. While the Hamas group decided to take the first blow and kill many Israeli civilians, the state of Israel has responded by bombing the city of Gaza while killing many Palestinian civilians in the act. The images of terror are equally heartbreaking on both sides. Online discourse has also made important divisions between those who condemn the terror attacks from Hamas and those who keep calling for Palestine to be free in the region. But this is such a complicated subject matter that literally both sides are right and both sides are wrong on different aspects of the conflict.

TV reporter bursts into tears while talking about the victims of the Israel-Hamas conflictRoberto Ortega
Ben Shapiro goes after the Tate brothers
MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Prince Harry...
Marca

One of the most vocal political commentators in America is Ben Shapiro, who is also Jewish and fully supports the complete extermination of the Hamas group. He had no time to offer any type of peace after what they did to Israeli civilians. Contrary to what Andrew Tate and Tristan Tate have been talking about through their socials. Both Muslim, these brothers are calling for peace and keep voicing their opinion in support of Palestine. But along the way, both sides are missing each other's point. Tate said this to Ben: "Mr tough guy. Let me assure you as someone who has does his own fighting - as opposed to excitedly encouraging others to do it for him - while sitting at home on a comfy chair,. Peace is always worth a conversation."

Ben Shapiro had no time for peace talks, he also made his response personal against Andrew Tate and talked about his recent alleged crimes in Romania. Also, he called out Tristan Tate as soon as he entered the conversation by saying he is stupid for not understanding Shapiro wants all terrorist and rapists exterminated from the face of the earth. Ben also pointed out that Hamas literally use Palestinian civilians as shields when the Israel rockets drop on the city of Gaza. Here's what shapiro told Andrew Tate: "Let me assure you, as someone who has not pimped women and bragged about it, that morality requires that those who rape women and kidnap children must be eradicated, not negotiated with." The other Daily Wire founder, Jeremy Boreing wanted to chip in the conversation as well.

Andrew Tate - English
Israel - English
Palestine - English
Hamas - English
War in Israel - English
Gaza Strip - English
World NewsReporter breaks down in tears live talking about victims of Israel-Hamas war
CelebritiesMia Khalifa condemns Israel and sends Hamas instructions: Film horizontally on phones
World NewsHostage crisis unfolds: Hamas issues chilling warning amidst Gaza violence surge
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Beyoncé and Jay-Z marriage on the...
Marca
Who Has the Chea pest Car Insuran...
Financebuzz
Round After Round
YETI
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How...
GoodRx
New Small Electric Car For Seniors -...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/world-news/2023/10/11/6525cd28ca4741885c8b4575.html 
 ----- 
