Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Cricket World Cup
Pakistan beat Bangladesh by seven wickets in ICC Cricket World Cup

Fakhar Zaman marked his return to the side with 81 runs as Pakistan beat Bangladesh by seven wickets at Eden Gardens, Kolkata.

Fakhar Zaman and Abdullah Shafique gave Pakistan an opening partnership of 100 runs [Aijaz Rahi/AP]
Published On 31 Oct 2023
31 Oct 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Pakistan have kept alive their slim hopes of qualifying for the semifinals of the ICC Cricket World Cup by defeating Bangladesh by seven wickets, thanks to an opening partnership of 100 runs between Abdullah Shafique and Fakhar Zaman.

Zaman marked his return to the side with a belligerent knock of 81 runs as Pakistan chased the target of 205 in 32.3 overs at Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Tuesday.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
Pakistan girls get a once-in-lifetime chance to play cricket in Swat Valley
list 2 of 4
How is cricket played? A simple illustrated guide
list 3 of 4
‘I have pangs in my heart’: Pakistan fans a glaring absence at India clash
list 4 of 4
In cricket-crazy Kashmir, the India-Pakistan World Cup clash tests emotions
end of list

Earlier, Pakistan’s pace bowlers combined to take eight wickets as Bangladesh were dismissed for 204 runs in 45.1 overs.

Electing to bat, Bangladesh could never really recover from a top order collapse as Pakistan’s three-pronged pace attack impressed with the new ball and were equally effective in the death overs with only Mahmudullah (56) managing a half-century for Bangladesh.

The defeat, Bangladesh’s sixth, has ended Shakib al-Hasan’s team’s hopes of qualifying for the semifinals. Bangladesh have only won one match in the tournament.

Pakistan have now won three matches from their seven and still have a mathematical chance of qualifying.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
Advertisement

Babar Azam’s men have moved to fifth place in the points table.

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2023/10/31/pakistan-beat-bangladesh-by-wickets-in-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
