Font Resizer
Aa
Angels Nation > Featured > Angels News: Griffin Canning ‘Really Thankful’ For People Who Helped Him Pitch Throughout Season
FEATURED
NEWS
Angels News: Griffin Canning ‘Really Thankful’ For People Who Helped Him Pitch Throughout Season
Scott Geirman
Published September 28, 2023
3 Min Read
Apr 12, 2023; Anaheim, California, USA; Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Griffin Canning (47) reacts after striking out Washington Nationals shortstop CJ Abrams (5) to end the top of the fourth inning at Angel Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
SHARE

Although the Los Angeles Angels fell to the Texas Rangers in a 5-0 loss on Wednesday, right-hander Griffin Canning turned in a solid outing with something to carry over into the offseason.

The 27-year-old hadn’t pitched in Major League Baseball since 2021 due to a stress fracture in his back, and with the bar of expectations relatively low, he delivered much higher than that. In 127 innings, he made 24 appearances (22 starts), posting a 4.32 ERA, 1.24 WHIP, with a .245 batting average allowed.

Canning finished much stronger in the second half of the season, carrying a 3.91 ERA, 3.26 FIP, and a 1.28 WHIP in eight starts since July 17. Because of his extended absence, he highlighted a lot of what the year meant to him, and how difficult it was to return, via Rhett Bollinger of MLB.com:

“Obviously, I need to reflect on it and take some time, but I’m really proud of myself for not pitching for a year and a half and to come back and throw 127 innings,” Canning said. “It’s something I can be really proud of for myself. And I’m just really thankful for the people I had behind me this whole time and helped me get back to this point.”

He’s under team control for a handful of seasons ahead, which is great for the Angels in terms of stability. But looking back at his outings this year, Angels manager Phil Nevin discussed his overall value to the staff:

“There was one start in LA where there were a bunch of runs in an inning and there was one other start like that [against Houston] but other than that he had a heck of a year,” Nevin said. “He pitched deep into games and kept us in games all year. I’m really proud of him.”

Canning elevated his game in the second half, lowering his walks per nine to 2.38, while raising his strikeouts to 11.55 per nine. His offspeed became his main piece, grading out incredibly high with both his changeup and curveball.

Like Griffin Canning, Patrick Sandoval learned a lot in 2023

Keying in on Patrick Sandoval, the left-hander broke out last season, tossing 148.2 innings, amassing a 2.91 ERA across 27 starts. His 3.09 FIP was among the best in baseball, but he unfortunately lost a bit of his touch this year.

In 28 starts, Sandoval has carried a 4.11 ERA, 4.18 FIP with a 1.51 WHIP this season, and the rock in Nevin’s rotation. The 26-year-old spoke on his year, citing the positives amidst the bumpy patches.

Make sure to follow Angels Nation on Twitter for all the latest news and updates surrounding the Halos!

Treatment That Might Help You Against Knee Pain (Search Here)   
Kneepain | Search
|
Sponsored
Search Now
Easy: this is how you clean pet vomit from your carpet
My Healthy Reads
|
Sponsored
30 photos that really make you think
High Tally
|
Sponsored
Remember Him Wait Till You See Him Now
Daily Sport X
|
Sponsored
New Jersey Devils Need Dawson Mercer at Training CampNew Jersey Devils Need Dawson Mercer at Training Camp
With training camp right around the corner, the New Jersey Devils need to get Dawson Mercer...
Mike Rupp Likes The Moves The New Jersey Devils Made This OffseasonMike Rupp Likes The Moves The New Jersey Devils Made Thi...
Former member of the New Jersey Devils and NHL Network Analyst Mike Rupp likes the moves the...
Dougie Hamilton Ranked No.19 in NHL Networks Top 20 DefensemenDougie Hamilton Ranked No.19 in NHL Networks To...
The New Jersey Devils' number-one defenseman, Dougie Hamilton, ranked number 19 in NHL...
Tom Fitzgerald Says Simon Nemec is Cleared to Play, Brett Pesce Week to WeekTom Fitzgerald Says Simon Nemec is Cleared to Play, Brett Pesce Week to Week
Devils General Manager Tom Fitzgerald gave some injury updates. Brett Pesce is out week to week, while Simon Nemec is cleared to...
The Case for Luke Hughes in NHL Network's Top 20 Defensem enThe Case for Luke Hughes in NHL Network’s Top 20 Defensemen
While Dougie Hamilton made NHL Network's Top-20 defensemen list, there is a case to be made for Luke Hughes to be on there over...
TAGGED:
Griffin Canning
Los Angeles Angels
By Scott Geirman 
Follow:
Scott Geirman is a journalist from Simi Valley, California, currently working as a staff writer for Dodger Blue and Angels Nation. After working as the Sports Editor for the Moorpark College newspaper, he graduated from Cal State University, Northridge with a Bachelor's Degree in broadcast journalism with an emphasis in political science. Scott has a passion for reading, writing, baseball, family, Mookie Betts, and being a father to his beautiful daughter. He is currently pursuing his career in the sports media industry.
Categories
News
Rumors
Games
History
Information
Advertise
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
© 2025 Medium Large Sports Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.angelsnation.com/angels-news-griffin-canning-really-thankful-for-people-who-helped-him-pitch-throughout-season/2023/09/28/ 
 ----- 
