Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
After back injury, Moncada showing what he's capable of producing
Share
After back injury, Moncada showing what he's capable of producing
September 28th, 2023

Scott Merkin

@scottmerkin
Share

0:00

0:33

CHICAGO – Since Aug. 8, Yoán Moncada has been one of the White Sox top hitters.

That fact should not be surprising for a talented switch-hitter capable of hitting 25 home runs, hitting over .300 and drawing more than 80 walks in a single season as he has done previously. It’s also not surprising how Moncada’s highly bothersome back issue started to get better just under two months ago when this hot streak developed.

Moncada had one of Chicago's two home runs on Thursday afternoon at Guaranteed Rate Field in a 3-1 victory over the D-backs. He has a slash line of .313/.353/.535 in that span (40 games), with 11 doubles, seven homers and 23 RBIs.

Not too shabby of a showing, especially considering there was a point a few weeks prior to the start of his offensive excellence where Moncada thought the back issue had brought a premature close to his campaign.

“There was a moment in the season when I thought my season was done,” said Moncada through interpreter Billy Russo. “But I never gave up, kept working, did the exercises from the trainers that they gave me. Thanks to that I was able to come back.”

“I really believe the injury affected him,” White Sox manager Pedro Grifol said. “It just didn’t affect him while he was hurt. It affected him while he was trying to come back and play. The first time around, he was still hurting to the point where I had to protect him against left-handed pitching, and then little by little that thing just started going away.”

Related
Rowand reminisces, chats about '05 championship

January 10th, 2025

White Sox avoid arbitration with Vaughn, 3 more

January 9th, 2025

Veteran lefty Martín Pérez reaches 1-year deal with White Sox (source)

January 8th, 2025

Where could A's turn to fill gap at third base?

December 18th, 2024

White Sox decline options on Moncada, Stassi

November 1st, 2024

Moncada candid about uncertain future with Sox

September 21st, 2024

Moncada was an all-tournament selection while playing for Team Cuba in the World Baseball Classic and went 12-for-30 against Houston, San Francisco and one game against the Pirates to open the season. It was during a three-game set against the Pirates on April 9, though, where Moncada’s back pain became too great to play through and he was out of action until May 12.

It was the sort of pain radiating into his glute and hamstring, really affecting his performance hitting right-handed. After an absence from June 14 through July 24, Moncada came back and started to get healthy.

Now, the White Sox have high hopes for this same sort of top-flight performance in ‘24, when Moncada is owed $24 million and all but guaranteed to be stationed at third base for the South Siders.

“If I’m healthy I’ll be able to do more than I’ve shown,” Moncada said. “Injuries have been something I’ve had to deal with throughout my career but hopefully all of that is in the past. If I stay healthy I can do what I know I can do.”

“We are going to really push his whole game and I think he’s capable of doing special things,” Grifol said. “It’s just a matter of him being healthy and us pushing the right buttons and making sure he gets the days off when he needs them. And just pushing the right buttons to keep him top of his game the whole year."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Grifol characterized Moncada’s defense at third base as elite, while also talking about his capability of stealing 20 bases in a season despite having 31 total over eight years. It’s incumbent upon Moncada, who homered in the fourth after Andrew Vaughn’s two-run blast in the second, to get himself as physically prepared as possible to avoid injuries that have plagued him.

“Just work hard every day,” Moncada said. “And what I mean every day is once I’ve started I need to work harder every day. Put my body through the best for the offseason.”

Thursday’s victory ended a 10-game White Sox losing streak against the D-backs, dating back to 2014. They have an overall record of 61-98, meaning they need to win the weekend series against the Padres to avoid 100 losses.

Goals for next season will be considerably higher coming off this year’s major disappointment.

“We need to just stay healthy,” Moncada said. “And play the game the way we can play, to our best capabilities. If we do that, things are going to go our way.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Chicago White Sox
Yoan Moncada

Senior Reporter Scott Merkin has covered the White Sox for MLB.com since 2003.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yoan-moncada-hits-home-run-in-white-sox-win-vs-d-backs 
 ----- 
