Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Los Angeles Rams
Cooper Kupp injury: Rams planning to 'ramp up' star receiver's workload ahead of potental return

Kupp could make his season debut in Week 5

A hamstring injury has sidelined Kupp for the season's first three games.Lapresse
JB
Actualizado 27/09/2023 - 17:58 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. What did Sean Payton say to Mike McDaniel after the Broncos' embarrassing loss to the Dolphins?
NFL. Joe Burrow plays through injury, throws for a season-high 259 yards as Bengals beat the Rams 19-16

The Los Angeles Rams have really missed Cooper Kupp. The star wide receiver has yet to play a single snap in 2023 after he suffered a preseason setback from a hamstring injury -- an unfortunate circumstance that landed him on injured reserve to begin the year, guaranteeing he would miss the first four weeks of football.

But Rams head coach Sean McVay on Wednesday provided a positive update on Kupp's status. Los Angeles is "ramping up" the former Offensive Player of the Year's workload this week in the hopes of activating him in time for Week 5 action.

We're hopeful and optimistic, but we're taking it a day at a time.

Sean McVay
Kupp "progressing" back to full health

In an interview on ESPN Radio Los Angeles, McVay said the Rams are playing it safe with Kupp, the MVP of Super Bowl LVI, in hopes that he will be able to contribute immediately when he gets back on the gridiron.

"He has a very strict rehab process that he's going through," McVay said of Kupp. "We don't want to rush that. ... We want him to be able to return to performance, not just get out there and be able to play."

Kupp's 2022 season was cut short by an ankle injury that required surgery, but he was on pace to ring up 1,500 receiving yards one season after leading the NFL in receptions, receiving yards, and receiving touchdowns. The 30-year-old is signed through 2026 to one of the richest contracts for a receiver in the NFL, so McVay and the Rams will no doubt continue to preach prudence and patience...as long as Los Angeles has a chance in the NFC West.

Kupp would face a tough matchup
MORE in MARCA
Kate Middle...
Marca
Ben Affl eck re...
Marca

The 1-2 Rams visit Indianapolis on Sunday to face the Colts -- and the week after will see the Rams return to Los Angeles to battle the reigning NFC champion Philadelphia Eagles. This has been penciled in as Kupp's probable return to action.

The Eagles are 3-0 for the second consecutive season and have the look of a Super Bowl contender again, but Philadelphia's pass defense has been vulnerable so far. Mac Jones and Kirk Cousins both threw for over 300 yards against Philly's pass defense, and Rams signal-caller Matthew Stafford will be emboldened by Kupp's potential return. This could set the stage for fireworks greeting Kupp on his comeback at SoFi Stadium.

Los Angeles Rams - English
NFL - English
Cooper Kupp - English
Sean McVay - English
Los Angeles RamsCooper Kupp's puzzling injury situation revealed by trusted NFL doctor
Los Angeles RamsSurprise team linked with move for Colts star Jonathan Taylor
SoccerSoFi Stadium falters as venue for the 2026 FIFA World Cup, what's the reason?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/los-angeles-rams/2023/09/28/6514a22422601d68628b45c0.html 
 ----- 
