Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
MLS
News
Schedule
Scores
Standings
MLS - Major League Soccer
James Harden celebrated Houston Dynamo's thrashing of Messi-less Inter Miami

Harden is a minority owner of the Dynamo

Harden celebrating the spot kick that extended Houston's lead.X: @the6foot5 / CBS Sports
JB
Actualizado 27/09/2023 - 21:02 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Soccer. Messi not even on Inter Miami bench: star will watch US Open Cup final from stands
Soccer. Stars reunite at U.S. Open Cup final -- even with Messi out of sight

Viewers tuning in to the 108th U.S. Open Cup final on Wednesday night may have been a tad surprised to see NBA superstar James Harden in attendance at DRV PNK Stadium. Harden's arrival in Fort Lauderdale was prompted by the Houston Dynamo's participation in the final against a weakened Inter Miami, reeling from the absence of Lionel Messi through injury.

While Harden's summer was a frustrating one as he tried unsuccessfully to engineer a trade away from the Philadelphia 76ers, the 34-year-old -- a Dynamo co-owner -- found something to celebrate Wednesday. Clips of Harden watching the match -- and later, celebrating Houston's stellar first half -- went viral, and they stole some headlines from the unavailable Messi.

When did Harden claim an ownership stake in Houston Dynamo?

Harden's relationship with Houston Dynamo can be traced back to his tenure with the Houston Rockets. In summer 2019, Harden reached an agreement for a minority stake in the club, which had been competing in Houston since 2006.

"Soccer in general, and especially MLS, have exploded in this country throughout my lifetime," Harden said at the time. "I've been a fan of the game for several years, and I know that Houston has a massive soccer fanbase, so it was an easy decision for me when this opportunity arose."

The Dynamo have won the MLS Cup twice since its relocation from San Jose in 2006, and it has since competed in two Open Cup finals. And although Harden has left his Houston days behind him, he continues to maintain strong ties to the area through his advocacy for soccer.

Harden wasn't the only star in attendance at the Open Cup final -- Zinedine Zidane showed up!

Star-studded reunion at U.S. Open Cup Final, despite Messi's absenceRoberto Ortega
Harden's delight as Dynamo dominate

Houston took full advantage of Messi-less Miami in the first half of the Open Cup final. The Dynamo peppered Drake Callender's net with 18 shot attempts while holding the Herons to one shot attempt that flew harmlessly over the crossbar.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
A photo spark...
Marca

It wasn't until midfielder Amine Bassi coolly slotted a penalty down the middle that Harden erupted, shouting into the air at DRV PNK Stadium as it dawned on the NBA superstar that the Dynamo were in full control of proceedings.

The Dynamo may have calmly seen out the rest of the first half from there, but Harden's reaction proved instantly memorable -- and showed the universal power of soccer to excite and ignite passion like no other sport.

James Harden - English
Houston Dynamo - English
Houston Rockets - English
MLS - English
Inter Miami - English
Lionel Messi - English
MLS - Major League SoccerMessi's injury: the truth about the medical results that went viral
MLSLeo Messi vs James Harden: The Argentine's next big rival for his second MLS title
Inter MiamiMessi goes for the ultimate career record
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Prince Harry happy with latest news...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/mls/2023/09/28/6514dbd822601d2c7a8b457f.html 
 ----- 
