Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
McNeil goes on IL with partial UCL tear in left elbow
Share
McNeil goes on IL with partial UCL tear in left elbow
September 28th, 2023

Anthony DiComo

@AnthonyDiComo
Share

0:05

0:18

NEW YORK -- A year after winning the National League batting title, Jeff McNeil’s season has ended in decidedly less glory. McNeil was placed on the injured list Thursday due to a partially torn UCL in his left elbow. He will receive a platelet-rich plasma injection and expects to avoid surgery, but the injury has nonetheless ended his season.

“I’ve been grinding through it basically all year,” McNeil said. “I’ve always had something going on here. It’s tough to have it end this way, but hopefully no other problems, get ready for next year.”

McNeil’s injury stems from a Sept. 11 game against the D-backs, when Tommy Pham threw him out trying to stretch a single into a double. As McNeil slid into second base, he collided with shortstop Jordan Lawlar, which resulted in his arm bending backward.

Subsequent tests revealed what the Mets called a sprain, and what McNeil revealed as a partially torn UCL. The injury is common for position players and does not always result in surgery, though some instances do result in a Tommy John operation.

McNeil is unworried about that, and he believes he should have no problem avoiding surgery.

“There’s a couple things they want to do with him before he leaves,” manager Buck Showalter said, referring to the Mets’ training and medical staffs. “I’m sure we’ll monitor it in the offseason. But we don’t foresee that being an issue, especially with it being his left [non-throwing] elbow.”

Even before the injury, McNeil was never able to replicate his 2022 successes. A year after batting .326, McNeil’s average dipped to .270. He did manage to appear in a career-high 156 games and was one of 79 Major Leaguers to accumulate double-digit home runs and stolen bases, but his walk rate, on-base percentage and slugging mark all fell. McNeil’s league-adjusted 96 OPS+ suggested he was a slightly below-average hitter, a year after he had established himself as one of MLB’s best.

“I think out of the six-month season, four of them were pretty solid and two of them kind of held me down,” McNeil said, suggesting that injuries affected his production during the midsummer months. “I kind of had to battle through those.”

With three seasons left on the four-year, $50 million contract he signed in January, McNeil will remain an integral part of the Mets’ lineup next season. He could return to his traditional role of second base, or the Mets could use Ronny Mauricio there and slide McNeil into a mostly full-time role in the outfield. A versatile defender, McNeil posted positive outs above average totals at second base, left field and right field; the Mets value McNeil’s ability to play all three of those positions at a high level, in large part because it allows them to accommodate other players.

Related
Mets greats congratulate 'stalwart' Wright on number retirement

January 10th, 2025

Peterson among 6 Mets to avoid arbitration with 1-year contracts

January 9th, 2025

'I don't take it lightly': Wright humbled as he looks toward Mets immortality

January 8th, 2025

McNeil, Acuña both make Mets' NLCS roster; Ottavino off

October 13th, 2024

McNeil begins AFL rehab as NLCS looms for Mets

October 13th, 2024

5 X-factors for the Mets in the NLCS

October 11th, 2024

But much will depend upon his recovery. For McNeil, one of the disappointing aspects of his injury is its effect on his ability to golf this winter. Doctors have prescribed no golf for six weeks for McNeil, a scratch golfer who typically spends his offseasons playing some of the finest courses in the country. He said he will consider golfing right-handed if it means he can continue to play without risking harm.

“Yeah, we’ll see,” McNeil said. “If I’m able to do that -- maybe. But I’m just going to get this taken care of.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Mets
Jeff McNeil

Senior Reporter Anthony DiComo has covered the Mets for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jeff-mcneil-ucl-tear-left-elbow 
 ----- 
