SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
EURO
ZIVZIVADZE BAGS BRACE TO BREAK LUXEMBOURG HEARTS & PUT GEORGIA A GAME AWAY FROM EURO 2024
Zivzivadze bags brace to break Luxembourg hearts & put Georgia a game away from Euro 2024
Akhil Fisher ,
21.03.2024 19:04
Zivzivadze was the hero for his country
Profimedia
Georgia booked their place in the Euro 2024 playoff finals with a 2-0 victory at the Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena over 10-man Luxembourg, who in turn crashed out of contention to qualify for their first-ever major tournament.

Despite lacking Khvicha Kvaratskhelia’s presence upfront, Georgia exerted their influence from the outset and came painfully close to drawing first blood twice midway through the half via Budu Zivzivadze.

But for the woodwork, the Karlsruher forward would’ve seen his intricate play alongside Giorgi Chakvetadze pay dividends with the first chance, before the second saw him net after illegally stealing the ball off Luxembourg shot-stopper Anthony Moris.

Zivzivadze earned a caution after seeing his goal disallowed, but Luc Holtz’s men eventually succumbed to the Crusaders before the interval. Shortly after Otar Kakabadze forced Moris into a brilliant point-blank save, Zivzivadze’s predatory instincts bore fruit from mere yards away in the form of an unstoppable finish into the roof of the net.

Budu Zivzivadze celebrates with teammates after scoring Georgia's first goal
AFP

In a shocking turn of events after the restart, the Red Lions thought they had equalised from Gerson Rodrigues’ stunning finish from inside the box. However, their celebrations were crushed abruptly when Spanish referee Jose María Sanchez denied the leveller and – after a VAR review – instead punished a cynical foul earlier at the other end by Maxime Chanot. Reacting to the decision angrily, an infuriated Chanot immediately saw a straight red card.

With Luxembourg down to 10 men, it was only a question of when Georgia would net a killer blow, and not before long, Zivzivadze soon doubled Georgia’s lead with a simple tap-in after receiving a pass from Levan Shengelia.

The onus now rested with Luxembourg to overturn a two-goal deficit going into the final minutes, but Zivzivadze’s brace had all but done the damage, sealing Willy Sagnol’s men a fourth successive unbeaten home game since Spain battered them by a 7-1 scoreline in September 2023.

Georgia will march on to face either Greece or Kazakhstan early next week for a place in Germany. Meanwhile, Luxembourg bowed out with their heads held high despite Chanot’s actions. The Euro 2024 qualifying campaign represents a minor success in itself for a nation once seen as mere cannon fodder, after five commendable victories – more than in their previous six Euro qualifying cycles combined – helped them finish third in Group J.

The match stats
Flashscore

Flashscore Man of the Match: Budu Zivzivadze (Georgia)

See all the match stats here.

MENTIONS
Football
Euro
Georgia
Luxembourg
Related Articles
Gordon had 'tunnel-vision' for England dream despite Scotland interest
21.03.2024 13:45
Mainoo hopeful of making England's Euro 2024 squad after being 'shocked' by first call-up
21.03.2024 11:10
Israel boss says focused on football, not fans, ahead of Euros playoff
21.03.2024 10:26
Show more
Football
Former Barcelona forward and South American great Hugo Sotil dies aged 75
2 min ago
AC Milan appoint former Porto boss Conceicao as new manager after Fonseca sacked
2 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Jonathan David a wanted man, Bayer Leverkusen looking for centre-back
2 h ago
Updated
Savinho steps up when needed most to show why Manchester City signed him
3 h ago
2024 in pictures: Sporting moments of the year captured on camera
3 h ago
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
5 h ago
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
6 h ago
Updated
Maguire admits getting used to 'total opposite' Amorim will be 'tough' for Man Utd
7 h ago
Flashscore Awards: Real Madrid & Manchester City deliver game of 2024 with six-goal thriller
7 h ago
Italy legend Fabio Cannavaro confirmed as new head coach of Dinamo Zagreb
18 h ago
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: Jonathan David a wanted man, Bayer Leverkusen looking for centre-back
Paulo Fonseca sacked by AC Milan, former Porto coach Conceicao set to take over
Ex-Manchester United coach Benni McCarthy agrees to take charge of Kenya’s Harambee Stars
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
van Gerwen - de Graaf
Littler - Joyce
Djokovic - Hijikata
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
Valencia - Real Madrid
FOOTBALL SCORES
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
Baskonia - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - Virtus Bologna
Paris - Barcelona
Partizan - Maccabi Tel Aviv
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-euro-zivzivadze-bags-brace-to-break-luxembourg-hearts-put-georgia-a-game-away-from-euro-2024/S02pfcaC/ 
 ----- 
