Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
European Qualifiers
Georgia vs Luxembourg Prediction and Betting Tips | March 21st 2024
Georgia vs Luxembourg Prediction and Betting Tips | March 21st 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Mar 19, 2024 21:05 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Georgia host Luxembourg in the UEFA Euro 2024 qualifying playoffs on Thursday

Georgia will welcome Luxembourg to the Boris Paichadze Dinamo Arena in the UEFA Euro 2024 qualifying playoffs on Thursday.

Both teams will play for the first time in 2024. The hosts finished fourth in the Group A table of the qualifiers and booked a place in the playoffs via the Nations League. They lost 3-1 to Spain in their final group-stage match of the qualifiers in November.

The visitors finished third in the Group J standings, just five points behind second-placed Slovakia. They concluded their qualifying campaign with back-to-back wins and defeated Liechtenstein 1-0 in their final match of the campaign in November. Their tally of 17 points in the qualifying campaign last year was their best-ever performance in the qualifiers.

Trending

The two teams are just two steps away from booking their place in the group stage of Euro for the first time and the winner of this match will face either Greece or Kazakhstan in the playoff final.

Georgia vs Luxembourg Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have locked horns four times thus far, with all meetings being friendlies. The hosts have a narrow 2-1 lead in wins and one game has ended in a draw. Two of the four meetings between them have produced under 2.5 goals, with two clean sheets for the hosts and one for the visitors.
The hosts have just one win in their last six games in the Euro qualifiers, suffering four losses.
Luxembourg have suffered just one loss in their last eight away games in all competitions, keeping five clean sheets.
Georgia have suffered just one loss in their last 11 home games in all competitions.
The visitors have kept three clean sheets in their last five away games in the Euro qualifiers but have conceded 10 goals in that period as well.
Georgia vs Luxembourg Prediction

The Crusaders have outscored the visitors 5-2 in four meetings thus far, keeping two clean sheets, and will look to build on that form. They have just one win in their last five home games in the Euro qualifiers, suffering two losses, which is cause for concern.

They will play for the first time at home against the visitors and will look to leave a good account of themselves here. Khvicha Kvaratskhelia will serve a suspension in this match after picking up a yellow card against Spain in November. He will be back, in case the hosts make it to the playoff final.

Die Roten Löwen concluded their qualifying campaign, with back-to-back wins, scoring five goals while conceding just once. They lost just one of their five away games in the qualification campaign, with that defeat coming against Portugal in September, as they conceded nine goals without a reply.

Danel Sinani has been included in the squad by head coach Luc Holtz, though the midfielder is suspended for the match due to yellow card accumulation.

Both teams will play their first match of the year and might be a bit rusty. While there's nothing much to separate the two teams, considering the better record of the visitors' in the qualifiers, Luxembourg are expected to eke out a narrow win.

Prediction: Georgia 1-2 Luxembourg

Georgia vs Luxembourg Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Luxembourg to win

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Over 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least a goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Gerson Rodrigues to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

European Qualifiers Georgia Football Luxembourg Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/georgia-vs-luxembourg-prediction-betting-tips-march-21st-2024 
 ----- 
