Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
Copa America 2024
Venezuela vs Canada Prediction and Betting Tips | July 5th 2024
Venezuela vs Canada Prediction and Betting Tips | July 5th 2024
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Jul 09, 2024 10:55 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Venezuela will face Canada - CONMEBOL Copa America USA 2024

Venezuela will face Canada at the AT&T Stadium on Friday in the quarterfinals of the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America. La Vinotinto breezed through the group stages of the tournament, kicking things off with a 2-1 comeback win over Ecuador before beating Mexico 1-0 in their second group game.

They then closed out their group stage campaign with a 3-0 victory over Jamaica, with Eduard Bello, Salomon Rondon and Eric Ramirez getting on the scoresheet in the second half to secure a deserved win for Leandro Cufre's men.

Venezuela have been knocked out in the quarterfinals in two of the last three editions of the Copa America and will hope they can find better luck this time around.

Canada, meanwhile, suffered a 2-0 defeat to defending champions Argentina in their group opener before bouncing back with a 1-0 victory over Peru. They then played out a goalless draw against Chile in their third and final group outing to secure second place in Group A with four points from three games.

Trending

The Canucks have now advanced to the knockout stages in their debut Copa America campaign and will be looking to give a good account of themselves on Friday.

Venezuela vs Canada Head-to-Head
Friday's game will mark just the third meeting between Venezuela and Canada, with the previous two matchups between the two nations ending in draws.
The two sides last faced off in a friendly clash at the Estadio Metropolitano de Mérida back in May 2010 which ended 1-1, with debutant Gavin McCallum scoring the decisive equalizer for the North Americans in the 93rd minute.
Venezuela have scored six goals at Copa America so far. Only Uruguay (9) have scored more.
Canada were ranked 48th in the latest FIFA rankings and now sit six places above their weekend opponents.
Venezuela vs Canada Prediction

Venezuela have been one of the standout sides in the Copa America so far and will head into the weekend clash with a three-game winning streak under their belt. They are undefeated in their last eight games against CONCACAF opposition and will be looking forward to Friday's game.

Canada, meanwhile, have won just two of their last seven games across all competitions. They have struggled in front of goal of late and could exit the competition on Friday.

Prediction: Venezuela 1-0 Canada

Venezuela vs Canada Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Venezuela to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/under 2.5 - Under 2.5 goals (Five of Canada's last six matches have produced fewer than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: NO (Both sides have found the back of the net in just two of La Vinotinto's last six matches)

Quick Links

Copa America 2024 Canada Soccer Team Venezuela Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/venezuela-vs-canada-prediction-betting-tips-july-5th-2024 
 ----- 
