Skip to main content

PREVIOUS EDITIONS

Powered by Translate 
Select Language
English
Afrikaans
Albanian
Amharic
Arabic
Armenian
Azerbaijani
Belarusian
Bengali
Bosnian
Bulgarian
Catalan
Cebuano
Chichewa
Chinese (Simplified)
Chinese (Traditional)
Corsican
Croatian
Czech
Danish
Dutch
Esperanto
Estonian
Filipino
Finnish
French
Frisian
Galician
Georgian
German
Greek
Gujarati
Haitian Creole
Hausa
Hawaiian
Hebrew
Hindi
Hmong
Hungarian
Icelandic
Igbo
Indonesian
Irish
Italian
Japanese
Javanese
Kannada
Kazakh
Khmer
Korean
Kurdish (Kurmanji)
Kyrgyz
Lao
Latin
Latvian
Lithuanian
Luxembourgish
Macedonian
Malagasy
Malay
Malayalam
Maltese
Maori
Marathi
Mongolian
Myanmar (Burmese)
Nepali
Norwegian
Pashto
Persian
Polish
Portuguese
Punjabi
Romanian
Russian
Samoan
Scottish Gaelic
Serbian
Sesotho
Shona
Sindhi
Sinhala
Slovak
Slovenian
Somali
Spanish
Sudanese
Swahili
Swedish
Tajik
Tamil
Telugu
Thai
Turkish
Ukrainian
Urdu
Uzbek
Vietnamese
Welsh
Xhosa
Yiddish
Yoruba
Zulu
Switch to Tile View 
ALL COLLEGE
JUNIOR SCHOOL
SENIOR SCHOOL
LATEST UPDATES
NEWS
EVENTS
WELLBEING
LEARNING
PERFORMING ARTS
SPORT
COMMUNITY
LATEST UPDATES
BACK TO TOP
FROM THE PRINCIPAL

Cross country events are upon us and I have really enjoyed watching our youngest students participate and put their best efforts into running the course this week. It is a joy to see them try their best regardless of their gifts in this area. Congratulations to everyone in Junior School and I am looking forward to the Senior School carnival next week.

Our Friday morning café continues to be a lovely occasion to meet other parents, enjoy breakfast and connect with the community. I have seen many parents taking the opportunity to also have a special morning with their children before the school day begins.

As we approach the Easter season I have been reflecting on the significance of this time for so many of us. The death and resurrection of Jesus Christ is a central tenet of the Christian faith.Jesus' death and resurrection are understood as acts of unconditional love because they were motivated solely by love for humanity. Jesus' sacrifice was not based on any merit or worthiness on the part of humanity but was freely given out of love. By offering himself as a sacrifice, Jesus provided a way for humanity to be reconciled with God and experience forgiveness, redemption, and eternal life.

At Thomas Hassall, regardless of our backgrounds, beliefs or circumstances the love of God embraces our community. It reminds us to be kind, to actively forgive and to celebrate the triumphs of each individual journey. In classrooms we are seeking to respect the learning of every student and to guide young people academically and also socially.

I wish you and your families a very special Easter long weekend. May this be a time for family and celebration.

Greater love has no one than this, that a person will lay down his life for his friends.

 John 15:13

Mrs Karen Easton
Principal
FROM THE DEPUTY PRINCIPAL & HEAD OF JUNIOR SCHOOL

Has your child been sunburnt before? It is not pleasant. The good news is that it is preventable! As parents and educators, we must play our part in educating, modelling and ensuring children are being sun safe in their daily lives. Today I am asking all families to ensure your child/ren are wearing the correct hat each day. 

Why wear a wide brim hat? 

The sun gives off ultraviolet (UV) radiation which you cannot see or feel. No matter the type of weather each day or your skin type, it is very important for everyone to be sun safe and reduce UV exposure as much as possible. Sun-safe hats are broad-brimmed style hats with an angled brim that protects the face, neck and ears whenever a person is outside. 

When do students wear the Wide Brim Foam College Hat?

Students are expected to wear the wide brim foam hat every day, at all break times.  It is also recommended to be worn when arriving and leaving the College.

When do students wear the Sports Cap?

Pack your child’s Sports Cap in their bag on PE (Physical Education) days, College Sports days and Carnivals for use during these specialist lessons. Students continue to wear the wide brim foam hat at break times even on PE or College Sports days for sun safety. 

Below you can read the expectations for students wearing hats in the Junior School. On the whole, our students love active play and being outdoors. It is especially important they are protected from UV radiation and always wear their wide brim foam College hat all year round. Packing sunscreen in your child’s bag and teaching them to apply it also provides additional protection to sun exposure. Sunscreen is made available to students in classrooms and while on excursions. 

College Expectations:

• For Junior School students, the Wide Brim Foam Hat is compulsory all year round. The Wide Brim Foam Hat is to be worn when outdoors at the College for their own sun protection. 

• The Sport Cap can be worn during PE lessons, Carnivals and College Sport lessons. The Sports Cap should not be worn at other times as a substitute for the Wide Brim Foam College hat.

Here is an extract from the Cancer Council Website explaining the importance of sun safety. 

“Ultraviolet (UV) radiation damage accumulated during childhood and adolescence is strongly associated with an increased risk of skin cancer later in life. Australia has one of the highest rates of skin cancer in the world… Skin cancer is one of the most preventable cancers.

Students are in school when daily ultraviolet (UV) radiation levels are at their peak, meaning schools are uniquely placed to educate about sun protection behaviour, minimise UVR exposure and ultimately reduce a student's lifetime risk of skin cancer.”

https://www.cancer.org.au/cancer-information/causes-and-prevention/sun-safety/be-sunsmart/sunsmart-in-schools

Thank you for being a part of our sun safe culture at the College and to instill positive practices in our students for life-long sun safety habits.

 

Mrs Sandy Wheeler
Deputy Principal & Head of Junior School
FROM THE DEPUTY PRINCIPAL - SENIOR SCHOOL DEVELOPMENT

Thomas Hassall encourages families to take holidays within the school holiday season. Missed school can have a negative impact upon student learning. Nevertheless, for many of our Thomas Hassall community overseas family connections are important. Often this means travel to attend special events or visits with extended family during Term time.

When parents need to take their child out of school during term time, it's important to support the child's learning to minimise the impact of their absence. Here are some tips to help parents support their child's education while on extended leave:

Communicate with the School: Inform the school about the planned absence in advance and discuss with teachers the work that will be missed. Ask for any resources or materials that can help your child stay on track. Teachers will not produce individual resources for absent students, however, much of the work done in class is also accessible on CANVAS.

Use Online Resources: Thomas Hassall provides online resources via the CANVAS learning platform. Encourage your child to use these resources regularly. However, ensure YOU;

Apply to Access CANVAS: To ensure you have access to CANVAS while overseas you will need to contact the College IT Department. They can provide you with special access while overseas. If you fail to do this, you will be blocked from this valuable resource.
Create a Learning Plan: Work with your child's teachers to create a learning plan for the time they will be away. This should include specific topics or assignments to focus on during the absence.
Set a Routine: Establish a daily routine for learning activities during the absence. This can help your child stay motivated and focused on their studies.
Review and Practice: Encourage your child to review and practice what they have learned before the absence. This can help reinforce their understanding of key concepts.
Stay in Touch with Teachers: Encourage your child to stay in touch with their teachers via email, asking questions and seeking clarification on upcoming assignments.
Encourage Reading: Reading can be a great way to continue learning while on holiday. Encourage your child to read books related to their school subjects or topics of interest.
Use Travel as an Educational Opportunity: If possible, incorporate educational activities into your travel plans. Visit museums, historical sites, or cultural attractions related to what your child is learning in school.
Keep a Journal: Encourage your child to keep a journal during the absence, documenting their experiences and reflections. This can help them stay engaged with their learning.
Review and Reflect: When your child returns to school, take some time to review any work they missed. Reflect on what they did learn when they were away. This can help reinforce their learning and identify any areas that may need further attention.

By taking these kind of steps, parents can help ensure that their child continues to learn and progress academically even during extended absences from school.

 

Mr Roger Young
Deputy Principal - Senior School Student Development
FROM THE ASSISTANT CHAPLAIN

Over the last few weeks, I’ve spent some time in my lessons with Kindergarten learning about how and why the best book to read is the Bible. We’ve been learning lots together about how God created the whole universe and made lots of promises to His people as well as how we can read God’s unfolding plan to send a forever king in Jesus.
However, only on Wednesday I had a student say to me, “Miss Beikoff, the Bible is so special because it tells us how we can talk to God.”

This made my heart melt. I love these golden moments. I love that even a comment from a five-year-old allows us teachers to humbly take a step back, reflect and be reminded of these great truths because I believe this Kindy student is exactly right.

But God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us.

Romans 5:8


The Bible tells us that God desires to have a personal relationship with us. He loves us so much that he sent his one and only Son, Jesus to die upon that cross so that we might believe in Him. 

I’m sure you are looking forward to the four-day weekend next week, and I’ll be praying that it will be a time of good rest with your family, but I wonder this year if it might be a time to think about why Easter is an occasion of reflection and celebration? I wonder if maybe it’s the time to talk to God, open-up the Bible and see for yourself what Jesus offers you at the cross this Easter?

Miss Georgia Beikoff
Assistant Chaplain
FROM THE JUNIOR SCHOOL DIRECTOR OF TEACHING AND LEARNING

“Art is a place for children to learn to trust their ideas, themselves and to explore what is possible”. (Maryann Kohl)

2024 saw two new art teachers coming to THAC Junior School to work with all our students. Mrs Ann McDermott and Mrs Kathryn Kurilowich are helping our students engage their brains in a form of learning that will encourage creativity and imagination, important qualities across all Key Learning Areas.

The benefits of Visual Art are many. Children develop confidence in their ideas, and learn how to reflect creativity and critically to the world around them through observation of artworks. Specific skills such as hand-eye co-ordination, fine motor dexterities and social abilities are all practised through instruction.

As we move towards celebrating God’s great gift to us over Easter, all the students from Prep to Year 6 have brought home a coloured circle or square. Please encourage your children to draw or paint something that represents this gift. They are due back to their teachers on Monday 25 March. All the artworks will be displayed in the Auditorium next Wednesday 27 March.

 

Ms Lisa Hansford
Director of Teaching and Learning - Junior School
FROM THE SENIOR SCHOOL DIRECTOR OF TEACHING AND LEARNING

One of the challenges of understanding our brains is that they remain hidden from view. We don’t see them grow and change the way other parts of our bodies grow and change. I have watched my children grow taller each year and they now are on the verge of overtaking me! Sometimes new clothes are barely worn a handful of times before they no longer fit! This all occurs in plain sight. Less obvious, and out of sight, is that their brains have also grown at an enormous rate.

Brain growth happens at a neurological level. Each brain on average has between 80 – 100 billion neurons. Racing through our neurons are electrochemical signals, carrying our thoughts and knowledge. It is essentially our intelligence. 

Much of recent research of the brain has concluded that your intelligence can be changed. Brain capacity can grow much like weightlifting grows muscles. The process of struggling with new concepts and work leads to a growth of electrochemical signals and in turn neurons grow and develop. If the brain only deals with simple concepts, it does not grow. It needs to be challenged with challenging work. Heavier weights lead to more muscles.

Some conclusions from this research are:

• All students have the potential to increase their intelligence with hard work.

• More challenging subjects and concepts will lead to greater growth.

• When you get things wrong and really process why, your brain will grow the most.

Continuous effort — not strength or intelligence — is the key to unlocking our potential.

(Liane Cordes)

Mr Jason Corbett-Jones
Director of Teaching & Learning - Senior School
NEWS
UPCOMING DATES
desk-calendar-2024-calculator-and-pen-on-the-tabl-2023-11-27-05-32-54-utc.jpg

Date	Event


Monday 25 March

	

15 & Open Girls Netball Gala Day




Tuesday 26 March

	

AICES U15s and Opens Boys and Girls Touch Football Gala Day




Wednesday 27 March

	

Junior School Easter Hat Parade and Eggshibition

Senior School Cross Country




Thursday 28 March

	

CASA Touch Football Gala Day

Prep 2 Day Easter Hat Parade




Friday 29 March

	

Good Friday (Public Holiday)




Sunday 31 March

	

Easter Sunday


Monday 1 April	Easter Monday (Public Holiday)


Thursday 4 April

	

Year 12 exams commence 




Friday 5 April

	

VET Incursion

Year 10 Vaccinations


Wednesday 10 April	France/Italy Trip Leave


Friday 12 April

 

	

Europe History Tour Leave

Last Day of Term

 

 

UPCOMING DATES
desk-calendar-2024-calculator-and-pen-on-the-tabl-2023-11-27-05-32-54-utc.jpg

Date	Event


Monday 8 April

	

Bill Turner Cup




Wednesday 10 April

	

France/Italy Trip Leave

Year 10 Work Experience Workshop 




Friday 12 April

	

Europe History Tour Leave

Last Day of Term




Tuesday 30 April

 

	

Term 2 Commences 

Anzac Service


Wednesday 1 May	VET Construction Training


Friday 3 May

	

The Little Mermaid Musical Opening Night

 

 

COLLEGE AWARDS
College Awards.jpg

To receive an award is a recognition to your hard work, excellence and service in the College. 

Congratulations to the following Junior School assembly merit award recipients:

Congratulations to the following Junior School Principal's and College award recipients:

Congratulations to the following Senior School Bronze & Silver SRS award recipients:

TICKETS ON SALE!
Facebook Cover 4.jpg

Dive into the enchanting world beneath the sea with The Little Mermaid, a magical Disney musical that's making waves on Broadway is now on stage at Thomas Hassall Anglican College!

Based on the beloved Disney film and the classic Hans Christian Andersen fairy tale, this sparkling production tells the story of Ariel, a beautiful young mermaid who dreams of life above the waves. But to make her dreams a reality, Ariel must defy her father, the sea king, escape the clutches of an evil sea witch, and capture the heart of a prince.

Featuring unforgettable songs like "Part of Your World," "Kiss the Girl," and the Academy Award-winning "Under the Sea," composed by the legendary Alan Menken and Howard Ashman, The Little Mermaid promises an unforgettable journey filled with adventure for audiences of all ages.

For 2 weeks only - 6 shows:

Friday 3 May 2024 | 7pm

Saturday 4 May 2024 | 1.30pm & 7pm

Friday 10 May 2024 | 7pm

Saturday 11 May 2024 | 1.30pm & 7pm

Click here to purchase tickets

BECOME A WORK EXPERIENCE PROVIDER
work experience.jpg

Are you a business owner eager to give back to the community and support the next generation of professionals?

Here's your chance! We're seeking enthusiastic hosts for our upcoming work experience week in June.

Work experience programs provide a general introduction to the world of work and assist students to develop a more informed opinion about their career aspirations. Thomas Hassall Anglican College students undertake Work Experience in Year 10.

Being involved:

- Enables you to participate in the education, career development, and vocational training of young people in your community.
- Gives you the opportunity to talk to students about your industry and the career and job directions you anticipate.
- Provides you with input into developing an enthusiastic and skilled workforce with the attitudes you want, especially for your industry.
- Enables you to identify young people with potential who might be interested in joining your industry or your organization.
- Raises the profile of your enterprise and develops more links for you with the local community.
- Provides your staff with good opportunities to increase their supervisory skills, such as developing and delivering the company's induction for students and acting as a coach or mentor for students while they are on placement.
- Students are 'voluntary workers,' and host employers are not allowed to make any payment to them under the Federal or State award covering their industry, the NSW Annual Holidays Act, or the Workers.

If you are interested - submit your Expression of Interest today – it's a simple way to show your potential interest. Our Careers Advisor, Mrs Maha Ghabrial,  will provide more details and you can decide whether to proceed.

Join us in shaping the future workforce!

Click Here to fill out the Expression of Interest - Workplace Provider
EVENTS
BACK TO TOP
EASTER HAT PARADE AND EGGSHIBITION
EasterHat.png

Students in Prep (3 Day) to Year 4 are invited to bring an Easter hat to be worn in the Easter Hat Parade.

It will take place next week on Wednesday 27 March from 8.45am in the Junior School Amphitheatre. Prep 2 Day program will have an Easter Hat Parade on Thursday 28 March in the Prep Outdoor Area at 2.00pm.

WEDNESDAY 27 MARCH
Easter Hat Parade: 8.45am JUNIOR SCHOOL AMPHITHEATRE

Students in Years 5 and 6 will take part in an eggshibition, which will be open for viewing from 9.30am in the John Lambert Auditorium. 

 

WELLBEING
BACK TO TOP
CELEBRATING HARMONY WEEK
harmony-week-2022.jpg

Harmony Week is celebrated annually during March to highlight our diverse cultures and help us better understand each other’s experiences and backgrounds.

Australia's multicultural background has been shaped by migration since 1945, which at times has culminated into situations that have been challenging and sometimes leading to conflict due to a lack of understanding. Harmony Week reminds us to appreciate everyone, regardless of their background or circumstances.

Click the image below to watch a video

Mrs Jacoline Petersen
Director of Student Counselling

 

Year 3 celebrated Harmony Day together by sharing about their Cultural Backgrounds

LEARNING
BACK TO TOP
CRUFIT TRAINING
PHOTO-2024-03-12-10-30-04[40]-2.jpg

On March 8, some of our College students had a fantastic day at a special event with Penrith Anglican College and William Carey College. Around 50 students joined in for a fun Crufit training day where they learned about faith in a unique way.

They used PC games to teach important lessons about the Gospel. For example, they compared sin to someone else ruining a world you had made on Minecraft, which the students really understood. They also explained eternal life using the idea of getting a bonus life in a video game that never ends – simple but effective.

What was really special about this event was how they combined interactive games with Bible lessons. It wasn't just someone talking at the front; it was a creative mix that made learning fun and memorable.

As I watched, I was reminded of God’s grace and kindness, especially by Psalm 103, which talks about how much God loves us and forgives our mistakes.

God does not treat us as our sins deserve or repay us according to our iniquities.11 For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is his love for those who fear him; 12 as far as the east is from the west, so far has he removed our transgressions from us.

Psalm 103

Overall, it was a great afternoon for students to learn about God and make friends with others who share their faith. It was truly a blessing to be a part of it.

Rev Denis Oliver 
College Chaplain

 

SUSTAINABILITY IN YEAR 4
IMG_3933.jpg

Over the last few weeks Year 4 have been learning about what sustainability is and the practical ways we can care of the environment. We have learnt things like reducing waste, recycling, and saving energy. Year 4 have also learned about reusing things instead of throwing them away, which is helping them for their design projects they will be completing over the next few weeks. This project will make year 4 look at rubbish in a different light, repurposing things that may have once been seen as rubbish and thrown into landfill. 

By learning these things, we now have a better understanding of how our actions can help the environment and make a difference in our communities. We are becoming champions for taking care of God’s creation and encouraging others to do the same.

Mr Kieran Aggett
Junior School Teacher - Year 4 Year Leader

 

DEBATING
PXL_20240319_021844737.jpg

Debating at Thomas Hassall is well and truly underway for the term. 

As the new co-ordinator for debating and public speaking in the Senior School, it has been a crazy start to the year. However, I have been so encouraged. While the large percentage of debaters on the Year 9 and 10 MISA teams this year have never debated before, every student has risen to the challenge and worked hard both during the prep time and at home. 

Round 1: Thomas Hassall vs St Carmel Catholic College. Both teams lost, but did brilliantly for their first debates.
Round 2: Year 9 vs Oran Park Anglican College, with a win and Year 10 vs St Benedict’s Catholic College, with a forfeit from the other team (win by technicality). 

Next week will be Round 3, with both teams competing against St Francis’ Catholic College, our Year 9s on the topic of sport, while Year 10 discusses the pros and cons of the ATAR system.

Our HISCES Competition also begins next week. 

The competition provides a bit more pressure, with often harder or more complex topics, and no prep time for the Year 11 team. Students are given one hour on the day to write their speeches with no access to the internet or computers, testing their general knowledge, teamwork and persuasive writing skills. 
Our Year 7 and 8 team will compete against Shire Christian School, while Year 11 debates All Saints Christian College. We wish them all the best! 

Finally, the public speaking competitions have started for the year, headed by our Year 8’s. Congratulations to India Wheatley, the female representative for Thomas Hassall, and Luke Logozzo, our male representative. 
Further updates to come next term, along with other competitions for the older grades.

Mrs Patricia Guthrie 
Senior School Teacher – English

CAN YOU SOLVE THIS?
Maths.jpg

Since the beginning of term, the Mathematics students have been learning diligently in the classroom. They have been completing their assigned homework tasks which they have been receiving on a regular basis to practice in preparation for their upcoming assessment tasks.

Upcoming assessment tasks for Term 1

Year 7 – Week 9

Year 8 – Week 11

Year 9 – Week 10

Year 10 – Week 11

Year 11 (Standard, Advanced) – Week 9

Year 12 (Standard, Advanced) – Week 8

Year 12 (Extension 2) – Week 9

Mr Andrew Lim
Senior School Teacher - Assistant Coordinator Mathematics

DEALING WITH CHANGE
2023-CAMP-9(1).jpg

As the Year 9 Advisors it has been wonderful to see our cohort embracing new challenges throughout Term 1. Back in Week 2, they enjoyed an outdoor camp experience, camping in tents, hiking and preparing for The Duke of Edinburgh Program, which they can sign up for this year. We were very impressed with Year 9’s positive attitude towards all activities on camp and their responsible and respectful behaviour throughout.

The students have just completed The National Assessment Program – Literacy and Numeracy (NAPLAN), over Weeks 8 and 7. NAPLAN is made up of tests in the 4 areas of: reading, writing, conventions of language (spelling, grammar and punctuation) and numeracy. The results allow parents/carers and educators to see how students are progressing in literacy and numeracy over time; individually, as part of the College community, and against national standards. Well done on making it to the end of NAPLAN.

Year 9 are now eight weeks into their Stage 5 course and undertaking their new elective classes. We hope they are engaged and interested in the subject areas they chose and making the most of their new learning challenges. We encourage students to be active in their learning and study, to be aware of upcoming assessments and manage their time well to complete all necessary tasks and homework.

In our Wellbeing program, Year 9 is focusing on responding to challenges and dealing with change. They have undertaken two lessons during Pastoral Care, completing activities based on overcoming challenges using a strengths based approach and the importance of gratitude. They have also worked on goal setting for the year.

We are looking forward to Easter Chapel on Monday, and pray that you may have a time of peace and joy over the Easter period with loved ones.

Ms Michelle Raft and Mr Joel Garlato
Year 9 Advisors 

RESILIENCE IN YEAR 1
IMG_1678-2.jpg

Our Year 1 students have been thriving in sports this term, embracing activities that promote teamwork, resilience, and sportsmanship. From running races to teamwork exercises, they have honed their physical abilities while learning valuable life skills. Through sports, they are not only developing motor skills but also cultivating qualities like cooperation and perseverance, essential for building strong character and navigating challenges with confidence.

Miss Brianna Knattress
Junior School Teacher - Year 1

NEW SYLLABUS IN LANGUAGES
Screen Shot 2024-03-22 at 8.44.17 am.png

This year has seen the introduction of a new NSW K-10 Modern Languages Syllabus.  The aim of Modern Languages K–10 Syllabus is to empower students to become effective communicators in the target language by developing linguistic competence and intercultural capability.

Students:

- learn to interact, understand and create texts in the target language

- reflect on and understand their own and others’ languages, cultures and identity

- develop an interest in and enjoyment of language learning.

The Modern Languages K–10 Syllabus invites students to consider the perspectives of others and the world beyond themselves, contributing to their own social and emotional development. Learning a language provides students with opportunities to engage socially, culturally and economically in the community. They develop a deeper understanding of their place in the world and the importance of global citizenship.

"Learning a language improves literacy outcomes in first and additional languages and it also increases metalinguistic awareness. Learning languages strengthens collaborative and problem-solving skills, and enhances reflective, critical and creative thinking…” Excerpt taken from the Modern Languages K–10 Syllabus

At Thomas Hassall, from Prep to Year 6, every student has been introduced to a new language or has further developed their language learning. Through a combination of interactive activities and engaging lessons students have been developing their language skills, cultural understanding and self-expression.

Prep 

Our prep students have been learning how to say "hello" in different languages and recognizing that different cultures have different ways of saying "hello."

Kindy

Students have been learning different Indigenous languages through songs.  They are currently learning the song “Warami Ngalowah Mittigar” in Dharug language, which is thetraditional language of the Aboriginal people in the inland areas of greater Sydney, including Liverpool.

Year 1 Spanish

Students have been learning to greet each other and introduce themselves in Spanish. They are developing an understanding of the influence of the Spanish language throughout the world.

Year 2 Spanish

Students have been learning  to describe how they are feeling and further develop their knowledge of the language they need to talk about themselves.

Year 3 Spanish

Students have been learning to describe where they live whilst further developing their knowledge of Australia and its States and Territories.

Year 4 French

Students have been learning to greet each other and introduce themselves in French. They have been developing an understanding of the influence of the French language throughout the world.

Year 5 French

Students have been learning colours in French and will be able to identify and use them in everyday conversation and to describe themselves.


Mrs Viviana Morris
Junior School Teacher (Languages)

SHAPE EXCURSION
IMG_2438.jpg

The Year 11 and 12 Design and Technology students had the opportunity to visit the HSC SHAPE exhibition in Walsh Bay. The exhibition showcased a selection of exemplary 2023 HSC major projects from Design and Technology, Industrial Technology and Textiles and Design.

This excursion undoubtedly provided valuable inspiration for their own upcoming major work over the coming years. 

Miss Michala Georges
TAS Assistant Coordinator & Carmichael House Leader

YEAR 6 SHOWCASE
Junior Art-03.jpg

This term the Year 6 students have been examining in great detail one of the works of the Italian master sculptor, Michelangelo, in a Unit of Work entitled ‘The Big Picture’.  Students have learnt about La Pieta sculpture, a commissioned work carved from a single piece of marble weighing about 4 tonnes, that can be found in St Peter and Paul’s Basilica in Rome.  It is truly awesome to behold the soft folds in the fabric that are sculpted from stone!  In our lead up to the celebration of Easter, it is the perfect time to spend in contemplation of Michelangelo’s artwork.  This depiction of the body of Jesus Christ supported in the arms of his mother after being taken down from the Cross, shows a moment in time where we might expect to see utter desolation and grief expressed in the face of Mary, yet the artist has chosen to show beauty, youth and a composure of calm serenity.  While students can find the story of Christ’s crucifixion sad, this artwork reminds us that the story indeed has a happy ending with the imminent resurrection of Jesus on Easter Sunday.

Each Year 6 class has worked towards creating a large-scale reproduction of various views of the five-centuries-old sculpture, looking particularly to apply their skills in shading to create a range of graded tones from light to dark. Students first practised shading techniques on tonal scales and simple shapes to create the effect of solid shapes.  As a collaborative task, it is a great lesson in breaking down a big, overwhelming task (recreating a 3-Dimensional marble sculpture of two figures in a large greyscale drawing!), into small chunks using grids to achieve the end result.  We can’t wait to see each class’ work installed together to display the complete picture.

 

Mrs Ann McDermott 
Junior School Specialist Teacher (Visual Arts)

PERFORMING ARTS
BACK TO TOP
ENCORE
Encore Photo.jpg

On Monday 4 March, Year 11 and Year 12 Music attended Encore.  Encore is a concert of excellence from the 2023 Higher School Certificate. Our senior Music students were privileged to see some incredible performances on a wide variety of instruments and from a broad range of genres. Our students represented the College beautifully in their behaviour and uniform, and they showed real appreciation for the opportunity to attend this concert. For some students, it was their first time inside the Opera House. Here are some student reflections:

Cara D - the flute/bassoon/clarinet … the way they interacted made the piece so intriguing … my eyes were glued to how they moved with the piece. 

Stratos D - I really enjoyed the drum performance with the sound effect board - I thought it was very creative and unique, and was executed very well.

Petar O - My favourite item of today was ‘The Dance of Eternity’ by Dream Theater … Why? I love Dream Theater and progressive heavy metal as a genre… It makes me want to buy a 7 string guitar and learn it from start to finish, a truly inspiring item for me…

Matthew P - My favourite piece was the Gershwin clarinet. It was a very cool clarinet piece. The whole concert was great. I also enjoyed the choir that sang Psalm 6:2-4.

Ellaria R  - my favourite piece was ‘Manhattan’… her range was so beautiful and her voice was so clear and smooth.

Mrs Ford and Mr Robinson
Music Teacher and Productions & Creative and Performing Arts Co-Ordinator

IT'S ALL HAPPENING IN CREATIVE ARTS
Unknown_12.jpeg

The Little Mermaid cast are busy rehearsing for their shows in early Term 2, songs and dances are being perfected and the set construction has begun. Many students got to try on their costumes for the first time this week and our tappers began piecing together their feature item. There is a buzz of energy around the place as students eagerly anticipate the curtain opening for that first show in May. 

Tickets for the show are now on sale now so get in quick as they are sure to sell out. 

Last Friday, our Senior Guitar Ensemble and The Aviators performed at the Camden Show. The Guitar Ensemble kicked of the show with a high energy performance that included major hits by bands like AC/DC, Metallica and Paramore. Petar O and Dylan L impressed with their high octane guitar solos and April Morris led the way with her powerhouse voice. The Aviators then took to the stage with their own brand of soul/funk/jazz highlighted by a powerful horn section and impressive solos by many of its members. Well done to both of these groups. 

Our Senior Vocal Group, including members of The Little Mermaid Chorus, along with the Senior Stage Band and a selection of students from the Year 12 Music class and piano soloists, spent Thursday afternoon performing at Bunnings Hoxton Park as part of their annual Easter Celebrations. This was a wonderful opportunity to nurture these groups' performance experience and build stronger connections with our local community. They performed a variety of repertoire from the musical as well as hits from major artists including Dua Lipa, The Beatles, Jaco Pastorius and Miles Davis.  

The Drama Club is back up and running for 2024. The Year 7 and 8 students in this group are busily preparing a performance to be showcased at assembly in Term 2 and we can't wait to see what they have come up with. If anyone in Year 7 or 8 would like to get involved with this group, please contact musicadmin@thac.nsw.edu.au. 

In the classroom, Drama students are working on developing their improvisational skills. They recently engaged in an improvisation workshop with a guest presenter who challenged the students to go beyond what they thought was creatively possible. The students were very positive about their experience and look forward to more opportunities like this. In Music, students are working diligently to develop their own performance skills and creativity. Students in Year 7 are learning to play the African drums, Year 8 are playing the blues, Year 9 are engaging with film repertoire whilst Year 10 are exploring the works of musical theatre. 

Its an exciting time to be in CAPA and we look forward to seeing this creativity on display throughout the year. 

Mr Luke Robinson
Productions & Creative and Performing Arts Coordinator

SPORT
BACK TO TOP
UPCOMING SENIOR SCHOOL SPORTING EVENTS
sport-balls-collection_1284-32613-1.jpg

 

Upcoming Sporting Events Term 1
Week 9	

Monday 24 March

	CASA U15s and Opens Netball Gala Day


Wednesday 27 March

	Senior School Cross Country Carnival 
Week 10	Tuesday 2 April	

MISA Sport Finals 


Friday 5 April	

AICES Swimming Carnival 


Week 11	Tuesday 9 April	

MISA Sport Trials

Mrs Irene Focas
Senior School Sports Co-ordinator

NSW CIS PRIMARY TENNIS TRIALS​​​ 
GenericTennis

Bosko M, Coby O and Jackson L represented the College at the NSW CIS Primary Tennis Trials which was held at The Kings School.

Against tough competition, the boys played well, gaining valuable experience. Although unsuccessful in making the NSW team, they are all to be commended on play and sportsmanship.

Mrs Sharon Evans
P-6 Sports Coordinator

CASA SWIMMING
IMG_1002_0.JPG

The CASA Junior Swimming Carnival was held at Sydney International Aquatic Centre in Homebush.  Our Junior School swim team had 34 students represent the College at the very first CASA Carnival.  

There were some wonderful individual performances and our Junior Boys relay team placed 3rd.  

All swimmers should be proud of their efforts as they represented the College with great commitment and sportsmanship.  Thomas Hassall placed 6th overall at the carnival.

Congratulations to the students who will represent the College and CASA at the NSW Combined Independent Schools Swimming Carnival at the end of the month.

Boys 10 years 50 LC Meter Freestyle​​ Coby O

Boys 8-10 years 50 LC Meter Breaststroke​ Coby O

Boys 8-10 Freestyle Junior Relay ​​Levi M, Tomas C, Liam H, Coby O

Mrs Sharon Evans 
P-6 Sports Coordinator

JUNIOR SCHOOL CROSS COUNTRY
IMG_4207 copy.JPG

The Junior School Cross Country was held yesterday.

Our annual Year 3 - 6 Junior School Cross Country was held yesterday at College. We were blessed with perfect weather and ample space on our top and bottom ovals to host a 2km and 3km course.

Even though most of the course is flat terrain, the strength required to persist to the end, maintain posture, time the breaths and pace the speed is evidence of the commitment of the students themselves to complete the race. We commend all our students for their hard work.

Thank you to our Senior Students who assisted us with preparation and who stood along the course encouraging the students. Thank you also to the guide runners who ran with the Junior School students as they competed. 

Congratulations to the students who finished in the top 8 of each age group, who will go on to represent the College at the CASA Cross Country Carnival. We wish them well with your training and preparation. 

Mrs Sharon Evans 
P-6 Sports Coordinator

CIS SOCCER
original-6D5051C4-B911-4B21-8829-81A3D9BB96E0.jpeg

Our Open Boys Football Team faced off against last year's CIS Cup Champions, William Clarke College, in the second round of the CIS Football Cup. Putting their best foot forward in true Thomas Hassall style, they led with a 2-1 score at halftime, securing a final victory of 6-2.

They now advance to Round 3 - congratulations to all of the boys in the team! Goodluck in the next round.

 Mrs Irene Focas
Senior School Sports Co-ordinator

MISA SPORT TRIALS
Sportfield.jpg

MISA trials for Term 2! If you are interested in signing up to trial for any of the following sports, please do so via the link:  https://forms.gle/wnkSCsWyia872zys9

Term 2 MISA Sports are:

7-9 Girls Basketball
7-9 Boys Basketball
7-9 Mixed Frisbee
10-12 Girls Soccer
11-12 Boys Soccer
10-12 Boys Softball
11-12 Girls Netball
U15s Girls Rugby League
Debating

We are looking forward to seeing you there. 

Mrs Irene Focas 
Senior School Sports Co-ordinator

AICES, CIS AND CASA TEAMS
Basketball.jpg

AICES and CIS Basketball 

We are so proud of Max V, Ana S and Liana M who represented  Thomas Hassall and CASA at the AICES Basketball Tournament. They achieved some great results, finishing in first place in both  the girls and boys divisions and to top it off,  our very own Max V caught the eyes of the selectors once again and is now a part of the AICES Open’s Basketball Team  - we wish all the best as he comes up against the best basketballers in all NSW independent schools at the CIS Basketball Championships in May. 

 

Congratulations to our representative students for making the CASA Squads!

U16s Boys Football 

Matias S
Ryder W
Stefann B
Jonathan V
Dusan C
Jonathan F
Adrian T

Open Boys Football

Diego B
Julian J
Jy K
Luke M
Maksim P
Angelo P
Stefan R
Matais S
Oliver V

Open Girls Football

Jessica M
Zoe G
Sara E
Abbie F

U16 Girls Football

Sara E
Ayla S

CASA Touch Football Squad (Boys)

Jewlius C
Matias S
Daniel H
Matt M

CASA Touch Football Squad (Girls)

Laura M

Mrs Irene Focas
Senior School Sports Co-ordinator

COMMUNITY
BACK TO TOP
EASTER SERVICES
aaron-burden-o--lefJNe0w-unsplash.jpg

 

 

Hope Anglican Church
Good Friday - 9:00am & 10:30am
Easter Sunday - 9:00am & 6pm

30 Heath Rd, Leppington NSW 2179 | Website

 

Hoxton Park Anglican Church
Good Friday – 9:30 am
Easter Sunday – 9:30 am and 6:00 pm

1 Latrobe Rd, West Hoxton NSW 2171 | Website


 

St Luke's Liverpool Anglican Church
Good Friday - 9:30am
Easter Sunday - 8:30am & 6:00pm

156 Northumberland Street Liverpool NSW 2170 | Website

 

St Mark's Anglican Church Sadlier
Good Friday - 9:30am 
Easter Sunday - 9:30am & 4pm

1 Spica Street Sadleir  | Website

	

New Life Anglican Church Oran Park
Maundy Thursday - 7pm
Good Friday - 9.30am
Easter Sunday - 8am & 6:00pm

Central Ave & Marcus Loane Way, Oran Park NSW 2570 | Website
 

St Barnabas Anglican Fairfield Church

Good Friday-  8:15am | 10:30am
Easter Sunday- 8:15am I 10:30am I 6pm

Cnr Frederick and Lackey St. Fairfield   |   Website

 

St Barnabas Anglican Bossley Park Church

Good Friday - 10:30am
Easter Sunday – 10:30am

80 Quarry Rd Bossley Park  |   Website

 

 

 

HOLIDAY PROGRAMS
holiday program.jpg
Football Holiday Program

Running from 22 - 24 and 26 of April from 8.30 - 2.30pm, this is an all-weather program that will take place at the College.

*Program will not run on ANZAC Day - Thursday 25 April

It is open to boys and girls aged 5-13 of all skill levels.

Students will participate in fun activities, game development and learn soccer skills from accredited coaches.

$65 per day or $240 for the week.

Book online now


CodeCamp

Join CodeCamp these School holidays where kids design, code, problem solve and become storytellers and creators of technology, by creating games, websites, music and videos or flying drones - in just 2-3 days! 

Tuesday 16 - Thursday 18 April. 

Book now

 

Motiv8 Sports

Held only once each year Super Camp is a sports festival designed just for kids. Way more than a sports dreamland, Super Camp is an energetic mix of sport, music, street culture, art and dance mashed up to create the ultimate atmosphere for kids who love having fun. Campers will be treated to an incredible array of our trademark team sports in an environment full of energy, motiv8tion and unbelievable guidance from our professional team of coaches.

8:30am-3:30pm daily - 15 & 16 April

For ages Kindy to Year 6
Book online

 

Cricket NSW 

Register Here

UNIFORM SHOP HOLIDAY HOURS
Uniform Shop

The Thomas Hassall Uniform Shop will close for the school holidays on Friday, 12 April 2024 at 3:30 pm, and will re-open on Monday, 22 April 2024

Extended Holiday Trading Hours:
Monday, 22 April - 9:00am - 4:00pm
Wednesday, 24 April - 9:00am - 4:00pm
Friday, 26 April - 9:00am - 4:00pm
Monday, 29 April - 9:00am - 4:00pm

Throughout the school term our opening hours are:

Monday - 7.00 am - 3.30 pm
Wednesday - 12.00 am - 6.00 pm
Friday - 7.00 am - 3.30 pm
 
Fitting Appointment

Uniform fittings are strictly by appointment only

Please use the link below to book an appointment

https://Midford.as.me/ThomasHassallAnglicanCollege

 
Online Store

Enjoy the convenience of online shopping.

Orders will be filled when the store is next open.

www.midford.com.au Passphrase: Thomas1997

Please contact the uniform shop:

Phone: 02 8776 1193

Email: THAC@midford.com.au

Learning | Wisdom | Service

© Thomas Hassall Anglican College. All Rights Reserved.
125 Kingsford Smith Ave, Middleton Grange NSW 2171
Powered by: OnDigital Pty Ltd
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsletter.thac.nsw.edu.au/bulletin-campus-page-view/28/707/786/www.midford.com.au 
 ----- 
