Socceroos World Cup qualifying as it happened: Socceroos keep clean sheet in qualifiers with 2-0 win over Lebanon

We’re sorry, this feature is currently unavailable. We’re working to restore it. Please try again later.

DISMISS
Skip to sections navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Our network	
Log in
OPEN NAVIGATION
MENU
The Sydney Morning Herald
Advertisement
SportSoccerFIFA World Cup

This was published 9 months ago

Socceroos World Cup qualifying as it happened: Socceroos keep clean sheet in qualifiers with 2-0 win over Lebanon
By
Billie Eder
Updated March 21, 2024 — 10.17pmfirst published at 7.20pm
Save
Share
Normal text sizeLarger text sizeVery large text size
KEY POSTS
10.17pm	Goodnight
10.10pm	Full time: Socceroos keep clean sheet in qualifiers with 2-0 win over Lebanon
9.54pm	Baccus gets Socceroos’ second yellow card
9.38pm	Ryan comes into play, Atkinson given yellow card
9.30pm	Rowles adds to Australia’s tally
9.20pm	Second half under way
9.04pm	Vince’s view: Socceroos a little sloppy at half-time
8.55pm	Bos adds to Socceroos injury list, Hrustic on
Hide key posts
Posts area
Latest posts
LATEST POSTS
 10.17pm On Mar 21, 2024
Goodnight

That’s all from us tonight.

Another World Cup qualifying win for the Socceroos, but plenty of areas for improvement.

We’ll bring you all the live action from their match against Lebanon on Tuesday, but until then, have a good night.

Kye Rowles celebrates his goal with the team.
CREDIT:
GETTY

 10.15pm On Mar 21, 2024
Scrappy and sloppy Socceroos scrape through

The Socceroos performance tonight is well summed-up by Connor Metcalfe, who just spoke after the match.

 10.10pm On Mar 21, 2024
Full time: Socceroos keep clean sheet in qualifiers with 2-0 win over Lebanon

That’s full-time in Parramatta, and another clean sheet for the Socceroos.

Despite a late chance for Lebanon after a handball from Ajdin Hrustic, Australia were able to keep the Cedars at bay. A fantastic save from Maty Ryan and a bit of luck with a header that just slipped round the post.

The Socceroos play Lebanon again on Tuesday in Canberra.

Full time: Australia 2, Lebanon 0

Advertisement
 10.05pm On Mar 21, 2024
Five minutes added as Aussies close in on victory

Australia have picked up the pace and are on the attack in the final minutes of this game.

Another corner for the home country, and resident tall-guy Harry Souttar is waiting for the header in the box.

The ball bounces around Lebanon’s end before Connor Metcalfe gets a solid boot to ball and sends it straight into the keepers arms.

Five additional minutes added to this half...still time for another goal.

Australia 2, Lebanon 0 after 90 minutes

 9.57pm On Mar 21, 2024
Lebanon within inches of first goal

The Socceroos have become a bit complacent, and the Cedars get within inches of their first goal against Australia.

The ball from Daniel Lajud was lethal, but it bounces off the upright and is cleared by the Australian defenders.

Australia 2, Lebanon 0 with eight minutes to go

 9.54pm On Mar 21, 2024
Baccus gets Socceroos’ second yellow card

Australia look more focused on defending their 2-0 than extending it - there’s a bit more back-and-forth with the ball rather than sweeping attack.

The Socceroos add another yellow card to their tally, this time for Keanu Baccus for tripping Mohamad Haidar.

Australia 2, Lebanon 0 with 12 minutes to go

Advertisement
 9.44pm On Mar 21, 2024
Watch: Rowles goal
 9.38pm On Mar 21, 2024
Ryan comes into play, Atkinson given yellow card

Maty Ryan has been tested for probably the first time tonight with a soaring ball from Ali Tneich.

A dramatic save from Ryan keeps a clean sheet for the Socceroos, and moments later Nathaniel Atkinson is slapped with a yellow card.

The card is for a push on Mohamad Haidar - I don’t really think there is much in it, it looked like Atkinson was trying to pull away from making contact.

Australia 2, Lebanon 0 after 63 minutes

 9.30pm On Mar 21, 2024
Rowles adds to Australia’s tally

Another debut international goal for an Australian, this time for Kye Rowles.

The corner curled away, and there were plenty of Lebanese players in the box, but Rowles send the ball towards keeper Mostafa Matar with his left boot, and it clips the edge of the post and pinballs into the back of the net.

That’s the buffer Graham Arnold would want, there’s definitely an opportunity for more if Australia can keep this momentum.

Australia 2, Lebanon 0 after 55 minutes

 9.22pm On Mar 21, 2024
Baccus goal from another angle
LATEST

1 of 4

OLDEST
MOST VIEWED IN SPORT
Test cricket at its best as Bumrah steps up again, then over-steps
‘Nuclear’ conditions in Bass Strait, says overall winner of Sydney to Hobart
Pat Cummins didn’t declare. That says a lot about Australia’s state of mind
In more than 100 years, no team has chased this many runs to win a Test at the MCG. Can India do it?
The Border-Gavaskar Trophy is on the line. So is Mitch Marsh’s Test career
‘The worst experience I’ve ever had sailing’: Winning Hobart skipper reveals his fear
BACK TO TOP
The Sydney Morning Herald
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
OUR SITES
The Sydney Morning Herald
The Age
Brisbane Times
WAtoday
The Australian Financial Review
Domain
Drive
CLASSIFIEDS
Tributes
Celebrations
Place your ad
Commercial Real Estate
THE SYDNEY MORNING HERALD
Contact & support
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Accessibility guide
Sitemap
Photo sales
Purchase front pages
Content licensing
Work with us
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Press Council
Charter of Editorial Independence
PRODUCTS & SERVICES
Subscription packages
My account
Subscriber FAQs
Delivery status
Today’s Paper
Good Food Guide
Daily Puzzles

Copyright © 2024

SUBSCRIBE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.smh.com.au/sport/soccer/socceroos-world-cup-qualifying-live-graham-arnold-s-side-face-lebanon-in-sydney-20240321-p5fe8c.html 
 ----- 
