SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Socceroos beat Lebanon 2-0 in AFC World Cup qualifier at Western Sydney Stadium

Topic:
Sport

Thu 21 Mar
Thursday 21 March

Keanu Baccus (C) scored his first goal for the Socceroos in opening the scoring against Lebanon at Western Sydney Stadium. (Getty Images: Cameron Spencer)

abc.net.au/news/socceroos-lebanon-afc-world-cup-qualifier/103617276
Link copied
Share article

Injuries to Riley McGree and Jordy Bos have taken the shine off the Socceroos' 2-0 World Cup qualifying win over Lebanon in Sydney.

Australia moved a step closer to securing their spot in the final round of World Cup qualification after a 2-0 win over Lebanon, which was soured by injuries to Riley McGree and Jordy Bos.

Maiden international goals from midfielder Keanu Baccus and defender Kye Rowles helped secure victory for the Socceroos in front of 27,026 fans at Western Sydney Stadium on Thursday.

The result further strengthens Australia's grip on top spot in Group I ahead of Tuesday's rematch with the Lebanese in Canberra.

But Graham Arnold's men could be without some significant firepower, with McGree (foot) and Bos (knee) both coming off with injury in the first half.

With Craig Goodwin missing on Thursday with a virus, injuries to Bos and McGree are less than ideal ahead of the trip to the national capital, where a win will secure Australia's spot in the final qualification round.

Things got off to the perfect start for the Socceroos when local product Baccus recovered a loose Lebanese pass out of trouble in the fifth minute and floated a cross into the box.

The delivery was too far in front of strikers Kusini Yengi and Adam Taggart, but it also beat Lebanon's goalkeeper Mostafa Matar, who was stuck in no-man's land and unable to stop it floating past him and into the back of the net.

The goal was Baccus's first at international level and fittingly came on his home turf.

He ran off cupping his ears to the crowd, but there was little for Australia to celebrate through the rest of the first half.

Taggart was played in by Harry Souttar to create one of the Socceroos' best chances of the opening 45 minutes, but the in-form Perth man could only snatch at the opportunity.

Ten minutes after Baccus opened the scoring, McGree signalled to the sideline that he was in discomfort, and he was soon taken off for Bos.

McGree has battled plantar fasciitis while at Middlesbrough this season, and the fear ahead of next week's game is that he may have suffered a recurrence of the same issue.

Arnold opted to bench Bos and start Rowles in his less-accustomed position of left back as a result of the former's late arrival into Australia from club duty in Belgium.

But no sooner had Bos begun to spark the Socceroos' attack, the 21-year-old pulled up with a knee issue and Ajdin Hrustic was thrown on in his place.

Lebanon were not causing many problems for Australia, but Rowles was troubled by some incisive runs and overlaps centred around captain Hassan Maatouk.

Australia weathered a late Lebanese storm before the break, with Rowles hacking in at a corner to lift the pressure and give the home side a 2-0 lead after 54 minutes.

From that point Lebanon never really looked like challenging Australia, except for one effort that hit the post in the final quarter of an hour.

Arnold threw on Mitch Duke and handed a debut to German-based striker John Iredale to see out the second half.

AAP

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Thu 21 Mar 2024 at 12:02pm
Thursday 21 Mar 2024 at 12:02pm
Related stories

Topic:
Soccer

Arnold takes swipe at European clubs ahead of Socceroos' World Cup qualifiers
Photo shows Alessandro Circati dribbling the ball for Parma in a Serie B match.

Topic:
Soccer

Socceroos star in a stable condition in hospital after suffering nasty head injury in Scottish Cup
Photo shows Martin Boyle

Topic:
Sport

Socceroos match with Lebanon moved to Australian venue amid Middle East conflict
Photo shows Graham Arnold
Related topics

Australia

FIFA World Cup

Parramatta

Soccer

Sport

Sydney

Top Stories
Nobel Prize-winning former US president Jimmy Carter dead at 100

Topic:
World Politics

Photo shows Jimmy Carter
Aviation expert says questions need answering after South Korea plane crash

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Here's what is known about Jeju Air flight JC-2216

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Sydney shooting death investigated as organised crime murder, police say

Topic:
Crime

Popular contraceptive and endometriosis treatment linked to brain tumour

Topic:
Contraception

Just In
Man shot by police after allegedly threatening officers with knife in Brisbane

Topic:
Shootings

15m ago
15 minutes ago
When Mungindi's only childcare centre closed, locals built their own

Topic:
Child Care

1h ago
1 hours ago
Sikh volunteers tackle disaster, one warm meal at a time

Topic:
Cost of Living

1h ago
1 hours ago
Giant waves in Ecuador and Peru leave two dead and dozens more stranded

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

1h ago
1 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-03-21/socceroos-lebanon-afc-world-cup-qualifier/103617276 
 ----- 
