SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Kye Rowles invaluable as Socceroos defeat Lebanon 2-0 in World Cup qualifier

Topic:
Socceroos

Thu 21 Mar
Thursday 21 March

Kye Rowles scored his first international goal in the Socceroos' 2-0 win over Lebanon. (Getty Images: Cameron Spencer)

abc.net.au/news/socceroos-lebanon-world-cup-qualifier-kye-rowles/103618904
Link copied
Share article
In short:
 Kye Rowles is expected to play a vital role when the Socceroos face Lebanon in their next World Cup qualifier in Canberra.Rowles was forced to play out of position in the Socceroos' 2-0 win in Sydney.
What's next?
The Socceroos and Lebanon play in Canberra on Tuesday night.

Makeshift left-back Kye Rowles is shaping as a crucial part of the Socceroos' hopes of securing a spot in the final round of World Cup qualification, as Graham Arnold waits to learn the results of Jordy Bos's knee scan.

Owing to his late arrival in Australia, Arnold started Bos on the bench in Thursday night's 2-0 win over Lebanon in Sydney, with Rowles — who is a centre-back — forced to play on the left side of a back four.

But Arnold's plans were thrown into chaos when Bos came on for Riley McGree, who had a foot injury, in the first half, only to succumb to knee trouble himself.

The pair will be sent for scans, with Arnold hinting Middlesbrough midfielder McGree and Belgian-based Bos would be unavailable for Tuesday's trip to Canberra where the Socceroos play Lebanon again.

Win for Australia in World Cup qualifier
Photo shows A Socceroos player is surrounded by teammates congratulating him after a goal.

Injuries to Riley McGree and Jordy Bos take the shine off the Socceroos' 2-0 World Cup qualifying win over Lebanon in Sydney.

With regular left-back Aziz Behich unavailable and Bos likely sidelined, there is additional emphasis on the importance of Rowles, who netted his first senior international goal in Thursday's win.

"We're very comfortable with each other playing at the back," Rowles said.

"Whoever's in there, we know what role they're going to do and we have full belief and trust in each other.

"It's different [at left-back] going forward, but defensively it's all the same to me.

"I'm just happy to be out there and do the job needed for the team just like all the boys in the squad.

"I'm just going to give it my all no matter what and where I am.

"I'm playing on the wide left of a back three anyway at my club [Hearts] so it's not that big of a transition."

Despite not conceding a goal, Arnold felt there were unconvincing moments from the Socceroos that would have been punished by superior opposition.

"There was a bit of sloppiness and the pitch wasn't easy to play on," Arnold said.

"We have to be better than that and towards the back of the game we gave Lebanon a bit more confidence.

"We've got to rebuild and I said that before the Asian Cup but the most important thing is we got the three points and we move forward."

AAP

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Thu 21 Mar 2024 at 9:28pm
Thursday 21 Mar 2024 at 9:28pm
Related topics

FIFA World Cup

Parramatta

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
Nobel Prize-winning former US president Jimmy Carter dead at 100

Topic:
World Politics

Photo shows Jimmy Carter
Aviation expert says questions need answering after South Korea plane crash

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Here's what is known about Jeju Air flight JC-2216

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Sydney shooting death investigated as organised crime murder, police say

Topic:
Crime

Popular contraceptive and endometriosis treatment linked to brain tumour

Topic:
Contraception

Just In
Man shot by police after allegedly threatening officers with knife in Brisbane

Topic:
Shootings

15m ago
15 minutes ago
When Mungindi's only childcare centre closed, locals built their own

Topic:
Child Care

1h ago
1 hours ago
Sikh volunteers tackle disaster, one warm meal at a time

Topic:
Cost of Living

1h ago
1 hours ago
Giant waves in Ecuador and Peru leave two dead and dozens more stranded

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

1h ago
1 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-03-22/socceroos-lebanon-world-cup-qualifier-kye-rowles/103618904 
 ----- 
