Sections
Show Search

LIVE COVERAGE

Increasing winds bring potential for ‘explosive fire growth’ across L.A. County this week
ANGELS
Angels fall to Tigers as losing streak extends to six
Angels shortstop Zach Neto throws to first in the eighth inning. (Carlos Osorio / Associated Press)
Associated Press
Aug. 27, 2024 Updated 10:46 PM PT
Share

DETROIT —  Riley Greene and Kerry Carpenter homered in a three-run sixth inning and the Detroit Tigers extended their winning streak to five games with a 6-2 victory over the Angels on Tuesday night.

The Angels, last place in the American League West at 54-78, have lost six straight and 12 of their last 14 games.

The start of the game was delayed 2 hours, 45 minutes by heavy storms and the first pitch wasn’t thrown until 9:45 p.m. But the Tigers didn’t have any trouble with the late start.

“This was late, but we wanted to get it in so we didn’t have to play two tomorrow,” Greene said. “I have a lot of caffeine in the body right now.”

Brant Hurter (2-1) picked up his second major-league win in his first start, giving up two runs and four hits in five innings. Jason Foley got the final out for his 18th save.

Johnny Cueto (0-2) took the loss in his second start of the season. The 38-year-old right-hander gave up six runs and six hits — including three homers — in five-plus innings.

The Angels took a 1-0 lead in the first. Taylor Ward opened the game with a double, took third on a fly ball and scored on Nolan Schanuel‘s infield single.

Cueto retired the first nine hitters before Parker Meadows hit a deep fly to left-center field that dropped between Ward and Kevin Pillar for a triple. Matt Vierling doubled with one out, tying the score, and took third on Jo Adell’s error.

“The triple didn’t even get to the warning track — that’s just a miscommunication on our part,” Angels manager Ron Washington said. “You have to make those plays, especially when you have the lead.”

Carpenter took advantage of another defensive mistake as his bouncer went past Zach Neto for an RBI single, making it 2-1 Tigers.

Adell tripled in the fifth and scored the tying run on Ward’s sacrifice fly. But, Jake Rogers homered to center in the bottom of the inning. Greene made it 4-2 with a long homer, his 19th, to center in the sixth, and Carpenter added his 13th homer of the season, a two-run shot, later in the inning.

“[Cueto] is a great pitcher and he got us early, but we knew we would get something to hit,” Rogers said.

“I thought Johnny did a pretty good job of controlling them into the fifth, but it got away from him a little,” Washington said. “But Rogers hit a bomb, he left a sinker up to Greene and then Carpenter got him.”

The Angels put left-hander Matt Moore on the 15-day injured list with a left forearm strain and selected the contract of right-hander Ryan Miller from triple-A Salt Lake City. To make room for Miller on the 40-man roster, the Angels moved Mike Trout to the 60-day injured list.


More to Read
Angels fall in 10th to tie team record with 95th loss
Sept. 25, 2024
Eric Wagaman’s three hits not enough for Angels in loss to Astros
Sept. 20, 2024
Eric Wagaman homers again as Angels end six-game losing streak
Sept. 17, 2024
ANGELS
More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
First, they lost their home insurance. Then, L.A. fires consumed their homes
The architecturally significant houses destroyed in L.A.’s fires
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2024-08-27/angels-tigers-tuesday-recap 
 ----- 
