Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Hurter impresses in first career start, Tigers secure 5th straight win
Share
Hurter impresses in first career start, Tigers secure 5th straight win
Detroit climbs above .500 for the first time since June 4 as bats back lefty's 2nd career win
August 28th, 2024

Dawn Klemish

@Sportsgal25
Share

0:03

0:33

DETROIT -- Despite the glaring lack of starting pitching options this season, the Tigers still made time to bring Brant Hurter along slowly.

Hurter was a Triple-A starter but had pitched exclusively out of the bullpen since his Aug. 4 debut. For those four appearances, manager A.J. Hinch watched over his young lefty with an expectant eye, choosing the matchups carefully to foster a bit of big league confidence before Hurter got his first MLB starting nod.

The training wheels came off on Tuesday at Comerica Park and the Tigers were rewarded for their patience as Hurter twirled five innings of two-run ball and fanned four during Detroit’s 6-2 victory over the Angels that extended its win streak to five games.

“The anxiety was pretty much gone, because we're just sitting around in the clubhouse,” said Hurter, who waited out a 2-hour, 45-minute rain delay to make his first career start. “... [I’m pleased] that we won. I wasn't too happy with my outing. I think I wasn't landing offspeed at all; I was getting away with the sinker. [Catcher] Jake Rogers helped me out and the defense helped me out.”

More than just earning his second career win, Hurter, the club’s No. 13 prospect per MLB Pipeline, did precisely what the Tigers were hoping: avoid letting the game speed up on him, face a lineup assembled specifically to combat him and have the confidence to stay on the attack.

Hurter drew four swing-and-misses during his career-high 80-pitch night, but perhaps most impressive was how he performed under pressure. The 25-year-old opened his start with a leadoff double and a one-out single that put Detroit in a 1-0 hole, then walked a batter, secured an out and was called for a balk that put runners at second and third.

Related
Skubal, Tigers agree to $10.15M deal to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Torres renews Tigers' Venezuelan connection

January 7th, 2025

Meet the relievers who helped Detroit get to the postseason

October 6th, 2024

Hurter, Tigers almost complete a historic, 'perfect night'

September 14th, 2024

Hurter rewards Tigers' faith with scoreless MLB debut

August 4th, 2024

Up came Anthony Rendon, and Hurter sent the veteran packing on four pitches, the last of which was a sweeper that froze Rendon for strike 3. After a 1-2-3 second, Hurter faced the top of the Halos’ order for a second time and sat them down in order, catching Nolan Schanuel looking on a slider to end the frame.

“First inning, under stress and turned out, he made huge pitches at the end,” Hinch said.

“I don’t know what made him zone in,” Rogers said, “but it was great.”

The Tigers backed their newest starter in a big way, with Rogers (home run No. 10 of the season), Riley Greene (No. 19) and Kerry Carpenter (No. 13) all going deep and Carpenter finishing 2-for-4 with three RBIs to put the game out of reach.

This is a crucial time of each year. The postseason is all but out of reach for the Tigers in 2024, but that doesn’t mean they don’t still have goals. At its most basic level, Hinch’s words of wisdom ring true: “No one likes to lose.” And even with a two-man rotation, injuries to several key contributors and, at times, a very young, unproven lineup, Detroit isn’t just holding its own, it is surging: The Tigers are winners of 12 of their past 15 games and 29-20 since July 1.

Their .592 win percentage during that stretch is second best in the American League behind only the Royals (.596).

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I'm proud of the way we're playing. I do think our energy level, our enthusiasm [and] our attention to a lot of subtle things in the game is getting better and better,” Hinch said. “It's showing up in the games, and it's been showing up in wins. … I don't really talk or think about a record on a particular date, but we're very proud of the work that it's taken to get positive results.”

Having an AL Cy Young Award candidate in Tarik Skubal -- who’s tops in MLB in ERA (2.58) and wins (15) and second only to the Padres’ Dylan Cease in strikeouts (193) -- certainly doesn’t hurt, but even a guy like Skubal can only pitch every five days.

And that’s where pitchers like Hurter step in to shine. Contributions from the patchwork rotation members, Triple-A visitors and veterans alike make Detroit’s 67-66 record -- the first time they’ve been above .500 since a June 4 win over the Rangers -- all the more impressive.

“It's awesome, man. It's tough. That's hard to do,” Rogers said. “They don't get enough credit for it, it's hard to come up and just do well right off the bat, and they've been doing it.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Detroit Tigers
Brant Hurter

Dawn Klemish is a senior content producer for MLB.com based in Detroit.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brant-hurter-earns-win-for-tigers-in-first-mlb-start-vs-angels 
 ----- 
