Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 963 partners
It's News:
Matthew Stafford wife
Jayden Daniels
Jason Kelce
Magic Johnson Commanders
Arch Manning
Deion Sanders
Tyson Fury Net Worth
Ryan Garcia
Pete Alonso
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Alcaraz - Nishioka
Meghan Markle
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
IShowSpeed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student Loan Debt
Social Security Benefits
SSI Income Limit
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Basketball
WNBA
News
Chicago Sky
Angel Reese shatters WNBA rebounding records, but still gets mocked by haters

The rookie sensation is dominating the boards, but some say her teammates are left on the sidelines

Angel Reese's historic night sparks controversy in Chicago Sky's loss(AP Photo/Ross D. Franklin)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 26/08/2024 - 19:46 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
WNBA. Caitlin Clark rewrites WNBA history with comparisons to active NBA legend
WNBA. Kamilla Cardoso seen disrespecting Chicago Sky coach in crucial late-game huddle as team falls apart

Angel Reese has been dominating the boards in her rookie WNBA season, but some critics think she needs to start spreading the love on the court.

In a nail-biter between the Chicago Sky and the Las Vegas Aces on Friday night, Reese put up 12 points and snatched a jaw-dropping 22 rebounds. But here's the kicker-those 22 rebounds etched her name in the WNBA history books, making her the only player ever to pull down 20 or more rebounds in three straight games. The catch? She achieved this by grabbing four consecutive offensive rebounds on her own missed shots late in the fourth quarter. Yeah, you read that right-she grabbed four boards off her own misses!

But not everyone is throwing confetti for her rebounding prowess. Instead, the sequence has sparked some serious side-eye from fans and analysts alike.

Reese did eventually get to the charity stripe, but what's raising eyebrows is that she had a teammate chilling at the three-point line, wide open, during that wild rebounding spree. This isn't the first time Reese has been laser-focused on the basket while her teammates are left hanging on the perimeter. Whether she's padding her rebound stats intentionally or not, that's what some are saying.

Chasing records or sacrificing team play?

It's clear that Reese knows how to secure the boards-her 22 double-doubles this season have already tied her with Tina Charles for the most by a rookie in WNBA history. But is her rebounding blitz coming at the expense of her team's overall play? That's the burning question.

Angel Reese and teammates dazzle in a friendly competition from half court
MORE in MARCA
Trump's plans t...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

With 11 games still on the slate, Reese has a prime opportunity to shatter Charles' record. The real challenge might be finding the balance between personal accolades and team success.

Reese's rebounding record is nothing short of phenomenal, but the chatter around her playing style isn't going away anytime soon. Will she adjust and start dishing out those dimes, or will she continue to crash the boards with reckless abandon?

WNBA - English
Angel Reese - English
Chicago Sky - English
Las Vegas Aces - English
Chicago SkyAngel Reese disregards heavy criticism from fans about her "fake" double-double streak
Chicago SkyAngel Reese gets blasted after Chicago Sky's latest devastating loss
Chicago SkyAngel Reese's taunt backfires: Rookie's struggles overshadow bold move against WNBA star
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
Scootmobiel kope n?
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met di...
Verisure®
Bad eruit en veilig douchen? Binnen...
Vergelijk Portaal
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/wnba/chicago-sky/2024/08/27/66cd21baca47410a508b4584.html 
 ----- 
