Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Everything you need to know ahead of Crews' Nats debut
Share
Everything you need to know ahead of Crews' Nats debut
August 26th, 2024

Jessica Camerato

@jessicacamerato
Share

0:01

3:17

WASHINGTON -- Add a new name to the headliners in the Nationals-Yankees series this week at Nationals Park. Dylan Crews will be making his Major League debut tonight after he was called up Monday morning.

Crews’ arrival to the Nats has been highly anticipated since he was selected out of LSU with the No. 2 overall pick in the 2023 Draft, Washington’s highest selection since Bryce Harper (No. 1) in 2010. He’s the Nationals’ No. 1 ranked prospect according to MLB Pipeline, and No. 3 in all of baseball.

Here are some key questions and answers about the talented 22-year-old outfielder.

How can you watch the game?
Tonight's Nationals vs. Yankees game begins at 6:45 p.m. ET. It will be shown on MASN and can be heard on 106.7 The Fan and DC 87.7. For tickets to the game, click here.

Batting practice and today’s edition of The Fan’s Grant and Danny will be streamed live from the field at Nationals Park from 3:45-5 p.m on @Nationals on YouTube.

How can you go to the game -- and any special promotions for Crews’ debut?
You can purchase tickets to tonight's game at Nationals Park here.

The first 10,000 fans will receive a Dylan Crews "Welcome to the Show" T-Shirt.

Additionally, fans at the game can receive a physical copy of their game tickets with a $5 donation to Washington Nationals Philanthropies at the Advance Ticket Sales window behind Section 104.

What position will Crews play?
Crews will start in right field and bat second for the Nationals, with James Wood in left field and Jacob Young contending for a Gold Glove in center field. Crews had a .929 fielding percentage in eight games in right for Triple-A Rochester this season.

Related
Here are 8 prospect-related predictions for 2025

January 2nd, 2025

Here's an early look at the top 2025 Rookie of the Year candidates

November 25th, 2024

From 16 to 26, here is the best prospect at each age

November 13th, 2024

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

What was the corresponding move?

The Nationals optioned catcher Riley Adams to Triple-A on Sunday.

Who moved in the outfield to make room?
Alex Call, who had been starting in right field since the Lane Thomas trade, was placed on the 10-day IL on Saturday because of a partial tear of left plantar fascia. Joey Gallo can play first base and DH, as well as back up in right field.

Why is this happening now?
Crews has been expected to make his debut in 2024 since he was drafted last year. Because this is his first full season in the pros, he first gained experience playing in Double-A and Triple-A. The Nats have gotten Wood acclimated to the Majors for the past two months, and now Crews will join him in a promising, young outfield. It is late enough in the season that, even if he remains in the Majors for the rest of the year, he will retain rookie eligibility for 2025.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Will Crews play every day?
Yes. The remaining games of the 2024 season will be a great opportunity for Crews to see Major League pitching and enhance the chemistry with his teammates for ‘25.

How did Crews get here?
The Nationals selected Crews with the No. 2 overall pick in the 2023 MLB Draft out of LSU. Crews was a national collegiate champion and the recipient of the 2023 Golden Spikes Award for best amateur baseball player in the United States. He skipped the High-A level last season, participated in Major League Spring Training and played in Double-A and Triple-A this season.

What number will Crews wear?
Crews will wear No. 3. The last player to wear that number on the Nationals was infielder Jeter Downs in 2023.

How many players have debuted for the Nationals this season?
Crews is the eighth prospect to make his Major League debut with the Nationals this season, along with infielder Trey Lipscomb (March 30), infielder Nasim Nuñez (March 30), left-hander Mitchell Parker (April 15), left-hander DJ Herz (June 4), Wood (July 1), infielder Andrés Chaparro (Aug. 13) and right-hander Orlando Ribalta (Aug. 13).

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Dylan Crews
Washington Nationals

Senior Reporter Jessica Camerato covers the Nationals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dylan-crews-mlb-debut-faq 
 ----- 
