CLOSE
Weather
29°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
Car crashes during icy weather down from average January day in Dallas last year
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Kohl’s closing Dallas site amid pullback on ‘underperforming’ stores
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
‘Real Housewives of New York’ star shares D-FW travel woes on social media
Deja vu: For second straight year, Texas’ CFP hopes end with excruciating semifinal loss
How could Texas politics influence UT president search after Hartzell’s departure?
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSRANGERS

José Altuve, Astros ride emotional high following dust-up with Rangers in ALCS Game 5
Altuve delivered the decisive blow in Houston’s 5-4 win on Friday.

By Greg McKenna

SportsDay HS Reporter

Oct. 20, 2023
|
Updated 10:39 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Houston Astros second baseman Jose Altuve (27) hits a three-run, go-ahead home run off of Texas Rangers relief pitcher Jose Leclerc (25) during the ninth inning of Game 5 of the American League Championship series at Globe Life Field, Friday, Oct. 20, 2023, in Arlington. The Astros defeated the Rangers 5-4 to take a 3-2 series lead.(Elías Valverde II / Staff Photographer)

The chorus of boos made it unmistakable who was walking to the plate.

Two pitch hitters — Yanier Diaz and Jon Singleton — both managed to turn over the bottom of the lineup for the Astros, something Rangers pitchers have struggled to prevent all series.

So up stepped José Altuve, arguably the most hated active player in baseball, with his team down two runs in the top of the ninth in a game that would put either team one win from the World Series — or elimination.

So did Ryan Pressly, pacing in the clubhouse to stay loose after getting his team out of a jam while relieving his ejected teammate when emotions ran high in the bottom of the eighth, know Altuve would hit a home run?

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

“Kind of,” Pressly said in the clubhouse postgame, smirking.

And why not? Altuve — like his Astros teammates this season — rarely has problems hitting the ball at Globe Life Field. Same goes for hitting in the postseason.

ADVERTISEMENT

When Altuve launched a changeup from José Leclerc 382 feet into the left-field seats, it was his 26th postseason home run, second in MLB history behind Manny Ramirez. It ended up being the decisive blow in Houston’s 5-4 win.

“The moment never gets too big for him, and he thrives in these kinds of situations,” said Pressly, who shut the door in the ninth. “When you’ve got the right guy up for some magic to happen, we’ve seen it time and time again.”

There were more boos as he rounded the bases, but this time, they were superseded by cheers from the many in the sellout crowd of 41,519 — the third-largest baseball crowd in the stadium’s history — clad in orange throughout Globe Life Field.

Before the game, Altuve neglected to name a favorite playoff moment. At least for now, he has one.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Still have the emotions, the adrenaline in me,” Altuve told reporters postgame.

ADVERTISEMENT

Understandable, because they ran high in the eighth.

Both benches cleared after when Adolis García took exception to Houston’s Bryan Abreu hitting him with a 99-mph fastball on the first pitch of the at-bat. García immediately turned to Astros catcher Martín Maldonado before being separated and kept away from Abreu by Houston’s Yordan Álvarez, as well as several other players and coaches on both sides.

García, who apparently believed the pitch was retaliation for his exuberant celebration after his three-run home run put the Rangers up 4-2 in the sixth, was ejected for being the aggressor in the exchange. Abreu was also tossed after the umpires conferenced and decided the pitch was intentional. Houston manager Dusty Baker was also ejected after voicing his displeasure with Abreu’s ejection and tossing his hat.

Baker told reporters that he didn’t feel it was possible to prove there was intent, especially when the hit-by-pitch put runners on first and second with no outs in the biggest game of the season.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I was talking to [Rangers manager] Bruce Bochy out there,” Baker said. “I can understand how he’d take exception to that. Nobody likes to get hit. But you’re not going to add runs on [before] the ninth inning in the playoffs when we’re trying to win a game.”

Both Maldonado and Abreu said they didn’t take exception to García’s celebration. Abreu claimed he just missed up-and-in, though Maldonado said he initially set up away.

ADVERTISEMENT

Whatever the case, Abreu was forced to watch Altuve’s game-winning shot from the clubhouse. He felt the umpires could have settled for giving him a warning.

“I just was really mad because I would love to be outside and celebrate with my team,” he said, “as well as being [in the clubhouse] for no reason.”

ADVERTISEMENT

“That pissed me off.”

Shouldn’t be too hard to get over on the trip home with a 3-2 ALCS lead.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By Greg McKenna

Greg McKenna is an intern covering high school sports for The Dallas Morning News. He's previously contributed to The Boston Globe, Tampa Bay Times, South Bend Tribune and Notre Dame Magazine. A Connecticut native, he graduated from the University of Notre Dame in 2023.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
2
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
3
Black ice developing, as freezing fog advisory blankets much of North Texas
4
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
5
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/10/20/jose-altuve-astros-ride-emotional-high-following-dust-up-with-rangers-in-alcs-game-5/ 
 ----- 
