Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
News
Scores
Premier League
Liga MX
MLS
Leagues Cup
Champions League
LaLiga
More
Soccer
The legacy continues as Cristiano Jr, the son of the iconic Cristiano Ronaldo 'CR7', has signed with Al Nassr U-13

Cristiano Ronaldo's eldest son will continue his soccer training at the Saudi Arabian club

Cristiano Jr, son of CR7, signs with Al Nassr U-13Roberto Ortega
ROBERTO ORTEGA
Actualizado 19/10/2023 - 21:41 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Soccer. Cristiano Ronaldo reacts to a big cake from teammates as he celebrates a stellar season with Al Nassr
Soccer. French senator calls for Karim Benzema's nationality and Ballon d'Or to be revoked

Cristiano Jr. joins the ranks of Al Nassr and at the age of 13 he joined the club where his father plays to continue his training and in the coming years he will be able to make his debut as a professional footballer and follow in the footsteps of CR7.

Cristiano's son usually joins the basic forces of the teams where his father plays, Real Madrid, Juventus and Manchester United; the Arab club was no exception.

Italian sports journalist Fabrizio Romano made it known through his 'X' account that Cristiano Jr. signed with the Al Nassr U-23 club based in the city of Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.

Cristiano Jr.'s wish to be able to play with his father will be fulfilled? In the same publication where Fabrizio announced the signing, he recalled that Cristiano Ronaldo once said:

MORE in MARCA
Kawhi Leonar...
Marca
Kate Middl...
Marca

"My son tells me: dad, hold on a few more years, I want to play with you!".

Soccer
Cristiano Ronaldo - English
Saudi Pro LeagueIran fact checks report that Cristiano Ronaldo could receive 99 lashes for adultery
SoccerCristiano Ronaldo reacts to a big cake from teammates as he celebrates a stellar season with Al Nassr
Saudi Pro LeagueNeymar Jr. still has 'a future' despite the severity of his injury
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Mike Tyson wants to invest his priz...
Marca
Kylie Jenner cause s serious damag...
Marca
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Mo...
Bankrate
Grab Workout Ready Drinkware
YETI
Iowa Say Goodbye to High Auto Ins...
Financebuzz
Affordable Car Insurance For Se...
WallStreet Viral
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/2023/10/20/6531e8d422601d38718b4580.html 
 ----- 
