Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
Lifestyle
Australian man has boxing match with kangaroo to save his dog's life

The video of the incident has gone viral on social media

M.C.
17/10/2023 - 10:20 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email

They say dogs are a man's best friend. A recent incident in Australia is certainly evidence of that.

A man was forced to take drastic measures to save his dog after it was dragged into a lake by a kangaroo. As evidenced by the video of the incident which has gone viral on social media, the man-who has since been identified as Mick Moloney- was forced to wade into the water and throw punches at the animal to free his helpless pet.

Viral video of man boxing with kangaroo to save his dog's life

Unfortunately for the muscly kangaroo, Mick is a mixed martial arts and Brazilian jiu-jitsu teacher and thus was well equipped to deal with the animal

Fist fight with kangaroo

Having said that, it appeared that Mick did in fact meet his match. The kangaroo wasn't letting go easily and actually managed to punch his phone out of his hands- the mobile continued to record as it sunk to the bottom of the shallow water after a direct hit from the animal.

"I looked [toward the river], and behind these reeds, I could just see this massive kangaroo standing there with his arms actually in the water just staring at me. Hatchi [the dog] came up, and he was in a headlock with this kangaroo," explained the man from Mildura during an interview with ABC.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Who is Amy...
Marca

After a series of unsuccessful non-physical attempts to free his dog, Mick realized he "had to get in there". "The muscles on this thing... I was like, 'This thing's just got out of jail' or something," he recounted.

After throwing a few punches at the 'roo', Moloney managed to set his dog free, who quickly made his way to the bank. The poor puppy looked exhausted after the incident, but at least he was out of harm's way.

World News
World NewsReporter breaks down in tears live talking about victims of Israel-Hamas war
World NewsThe story of Inbar Lieberman and how she defended a Kibbutz amidst unprecedented Hamas attack
US NewsJoe Biden confirms Americans are among Hamas hostages: This is terrorism
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Who Has the Chea pest Car Insuran...
Financebuzz
Introducing The New Enivision S...
Frequent Searches
Round After Round
YETI
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How...
GoodRx
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/2023/10/17/652ea631ca47411a2f8b4596.html 
 ----- 
