Latest
Celebrity
K-POP
K-Drama
Culture
Sports

HOME
SPORTS
Coach Hong Myung-bo's smile"The most important game of the year, I'm happy to win"

By Chanjun, Park

Oct 15, 2024

   










The 4th Group B match between South Korea and Iraq was held at Yongin Mir Stadium in the third Asian qualifying round for the 2026 FIFA North-China World Cup. Director Hong Myung-bo is giving a national service. Yongin = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.10.15/
"The most important game of the year, I'm happy to win."

It was the smile of Korean A team coach Hong Myung-bo. Hong Myung-bo crossed the 5th buoy to North Korea, China and the U.S. South Korea beat Iraq 3-2 at 8 p.m. on the 15th with consecutive goals from Oh Se-hoon (Machida), Oh Hyun-kyu (Henk) and Lee Jae-sung (Mainz) in the fourth Group B match of the 2026 North-China World Cup Asia qualifying round at Yongin Mir Stadium in Gyeonggi Province. Coach Hong, who had a 0-0 draw with Palestine in his debut match and the first match at home, succeeded in winning his first home victory since taking office with a victory. Hong Myung-bo, who won both consecutive games against Jordan and Iraq, considered the biggest watershed in the third qualifying round, paved the way for his 11th consecutive World Cup finals. South Korea led Group B with 10 points (3 wins and 1 draw).

South Korea was in Group B along with Iraq, Jordan, Palestine, Oman, and Kuwait. In the third qualifying round, 18 teams will be divided into three groups of six teams and play a full league home and away. A total of six teams, ranked first and second in each group, will win tickets to the World Cup finals. The third and fourth places will go to the fourth preliminary round.




Coach Hong put forward a member who is similar to the match against Jordan.





Only two seats have changed. Bae Joon-ho (Stoke City) and Oh Se-hoon joined the team anew. Oh Se-hoon was on the front line instead of Joo Min-kyu (Ulsan), and Bae Joon-ho, Lee Jae-sung (Mainz) and Lee Kang-in (Paris Saint-Germain) were on the second line. Soccer fans' expectations of 'right Kang-in-left Jun-ho' and the so-called 'Gang-ho duo' worked together as starters for the first time. The third line and defense remain the same. Hwang In-beom (Feyenoord) and Park Yong-woo (Al Ain) stood in the midfield. The four-bag was composed of Lee Myung-jae (Ulsan), Kim Min-jae (Bayern Munhan), Cho Yoo-min (Sharjah), and Seol Young-woo (Zvezda). Cho Hyun-woo (Ulsan) defended the goal. Lee Seung-woo (Jeonbuk), Joo Min-kyu and Oh Hyun-kyu started from the bench. Again this time, Lee Han-beom (Mit Willan), Park Min-gyu (Sapporo), and Kwon Hyuk-kyu (St. Mirren) were excluded from the list again this time.




The fourth Group B match between South Korea and Iraq was held at Yongin Mir Stadium on the 15th. Director Hong Myung-bo is directing the operation. Yongin = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.10.15/
South Korea created a good opportunity from the beginning with its flexible play. In particular, Bae Joon-ho, who started, flashed. In the 40th minute of the first half, Bae Joon-ho scored on his toes. The opening goal was scored in the 40th minute. Hwang In-beom sent a great pass to Seol Young-woo, who was overlapping. Seol Young-woo's ground ball cross flowed backward. Bae Joon-ho caught and stabbed the right foot pass, and Oh Se-hoon finished with his left foot. It was Oh Se-hoon's A-match debut goal in four games. Bae Joon-ho posted help for two consecutive games following the last match against Jordan.







South Korea allowed an equalizer just five minutes into the second half. Ali Jasim shook South Korea's defense with his brilliant footwork from the right outside the box. He then poked the ball at the replacement Azad Artwan. Artwan, who was a no-mark, sent a cross, and 'Jupo'Hussein shook the Korean net with a great overhead kick.

At an anxious moment, director Hong's mercenary skills shone. Moon Sun-min (Jeonbuk) and Oh Hyun-kyu, who were substituted, scored goals. In the 29th minute, Moon Sun-min broke through the left. When the cross was blocked by the defense, Lee Jae-sung jumped in and sent a ground ball cross to the center once again. Oh Hyun-kyu scored with a wonderful left-footed shot. Oh Hyun-kyu has scored two consecutive goals following the last match against Jordan, establishing himself as a solid Joker for the national team. The national team scored a decisive goal in the 37th minute. Lee Myung-jae completely broke down the left side and scored a fantastic cross. Lee Jae-sung jumped in and finished with a great header. Lee Jae-sung also scored two consecutive goals following the match against Jordan.







South Korea allowed one goal in extra time, but wrapped up a 3-2 victory. In a press conference after the game, Hong said "It was the most important game of the year. I'm glad I won. I want to congratulate the players who won today. It wasn't a long time, but it was good to show it for a short time. As a result, he ended up winning two games. "Since we have to go back to our team and do our part, we are happy to finish the two consecutive games in October with a victory."




The 4th Group B match of the third Asian qualifying round for the 2026 North-China World Cup between South Korea and Iraq at Yongin Mir Stadium in Gyeonggi Province on the afternoon of the 15th. Coach Hong Myung-bo is shaking hands with Lee Myung-jae, who assisted his third goal. Reporter Jeong Jae-geun cjg@sportschosun.com /2024.10.15/


The 4th Group B match between South Korea and Iraq was held at Yongin Mir Stadium in the third Asian qualifying round for the 2026 FIFA North-China World Cup. Coach Hong Myung-bo is watching the game. Yongin = Reporter Park Jae-man pjm@sportschosun.com /2024.10.15/
-The general evaluation of the game is.

▶It was the most important game of the year. I'm glad I won. I want to congratulate the players who won today. It wasn't a long time, but it was good to show it for a short time. As a result, he ended up winning two games. The national team is happy to finish the two consecutive games in October with a victory because they have to go back to their teams and do their part.

-The mercenary skills worked well.

▶ Players who went out in the first half, especially Bae Joon-ho, said to be comfortable because it could be tense because it was his first start. Oh Se-hoon told me to relax. Oh Hyun-kyu prepared a little earlier in the timing, but he's getting along well. Overall, the starting players were good, but it was good to see the replacement players committing to the team. I think those points are the process of getting to know as they become established in the team.

-Kim Seung-gyu didn't come forward.

▶ Cho Hyun-woo has continued to play without much difficulty. Kim Seung-gyu recovered and played about two games in the league, but there was something of concern in terms of performance. Cho Hyun-woo didn't make a big mistake. It wasn't that Kim Seung-gyu's tactics didn't go wrong.

-The reason why possession did not lead to shooting.

▶I think there was less penetration today. If you look at the good and bad games, there was a big difference in penetration. I went with the flow when it wasn't good. When I tried to get out of the ball, I couldn't hit the back space well. It had a share, but it was not efficient.

-What's the evaluation of Jo Yu-min.

▶He played two games well. It was a matter of concentration rather than a matter of the overall defensive organization. The first goal was also a goal that did not require a big loss. You have to develop. Cho Yoo-min was very good at both games. I don't know which player will be in that position in November, but the players in that position should be good.

-There was no booing.

▶I don't know why.






vanbasten@sportschosun.com

Related articles
We also won four games in a row...The opponent is a team with 14 consecutive wins, and this time, the whole team will play
Valorant's International League VCT Pacific joins two more teams next year to operate as 12 teams
K Hallan Gwangju Heo Yul withdraws his enlistment as a managing director → He is about to go to Ulsan...Ulsan steps up power reinforcement ahead of Wall
Lee Ki-heung, including Kang Shin-wook and Yoo Seung-min, disagree on methodologies, including consensus polls, to unify the first meeting of candidates 4
SPORTS
It contains the famous Suwon Samsung's yesterday, today, and tomorrow, and is published because of Suwon Samsung
SPORTS
Son Heung-min's off-field performance is also MVP-class...Global fashion and beauty industries are also excited
SPORTS
Don't get drunk on the home run king's successWhy KIA Wisdom and Hanwha Floral should not be guaranteed to succeed
SPORTS
Yoo Seung-min, former IOC member election method, needs to be improved because it does not properly reflect the voices of athletes
Latest News
SPORTS
Chelsea, who spent 130 billion won, is virtually done with a poor mood leak career...Suspicion of taking banned drugs for super soldiers that ended Sharapova's career
CULTURE
Running starts from 70!At 71 years old, 13 seconds 97 and 75 years old, 13 seconds 96 100m high speed frequency · 70s
SPORTS
I'm innocent 100 million euro Chelsea star of taking banned drugs, breaking silence and strong denial. Let's see if the truth game is going to be played
CELEBRITY
Yoo Yeon-seok Yoo Jae-seok, YouTube Ecosystem Disturbance, 6 million hearts, and reality hits (whenever I have time)
CELEBRITY
Heo Gak feels like living alone. He's been married for 12 years and confessed to living in different rooms for 9 years (Dolsing Foreman)
CELEBRITY
My late husband, Oh Man-seok, a really good person, and memories of acquaintances I left 10 months ago (because I'm a soloist)
Related News
SPORTS
6.00x for Samsung's victory...151st round of the Proto match, KBL Changwon LG Seoul Samsung match is nearing the end of the match
SPORTS
Be humble, the opposite of Holan → Amorim's persona with good manners...Run to Pep and say hello
SPORTS
Kim Taek-yeon, a top high school graduate, is heavier next year → Doosan, 74 ⅓ innings have disappeared
SPORTS
Lee Sang-hyun, President of the Korea Hockey Association, Resigns Forever Hockey People Support Hockey Development Anytime, Anywhere
SPORTS
Gut money offer, there was a reason...Jared returns to ML for the first time in two years with a 1 trillion won man
SPORTS
That's obvious. Jeonbuk's new coach, which already has the answer, is just a decision
Popular Posts
1.
Jang Sung-gyu "Recently, I'm worried that Cha Eun-woo might not be offended" "('Ta-cha JANG')
2.
MIN HEE JIN, will you be able to be the real New Jeans
3.
NewJeans Celebrate Min Hee-jin’s Birthday Amidst Group Transition
4.
Jeon So-min, 'Running Man'You look so thin for a year..Ji Seokjin was also surprised
5.
I'm sorry for the older generation Choi Min-sik mentioned impeachment rally in a ridiculous world...I'm sorry to the lads
6.
BTS' Jin Drops New OST for tvN Drama 'When the Stars Gossip'
7.
Jungkook and Stray Kids Shine on Billboard’s Annual 'Top Artist' Chart
8.
"Jung Woo-sung and Moon Gabi are lovers when they meet..It's neither a double-legged nor an accountant." (Freehan Doctor)
9.
Cho Jung-seok Shines as Special Guest at Gummy's Tour Concert
10.
"Do it, you XX." Oh Eun-young is also embarrassed because her anger control disorder suppresses her stranglehold
Sports
View All
Hyundai Steel's director Kim Eun-sook resigned...Closing of documents on the 11th for supervisor open recruitment
We talked about next year until a month ago, but the 43-year-old left-hander Wada retired in a surprise move, and the aftermath of Softbank's Japan Series shock defeat (Min Chang-ki's Japanese baseball)
Forget the Splash Duo! Heald next to Curry. GS, Washington Defeat, 6-1, West's Best Dark Horse
Sports Toto Releases Champions League Proto Winning Ceremony
LATEST
 
CELEBRITY
 
K-POP
 
K-DRAMA
 
CULTURE
 
SPORTS
About Us
 
Terms Of Use
 
Privacy Policy
 
Cookie Policy
 
Copyright Policy
Korean
 
Artists
 
RSS
 
Site Map
Address : 20th FL, Dream Tower 233-1 Mokdongdong-ro, Yangcheon-gu, Seoul Korea Online newspaper registration No : Seoul 아01720 Date of registration : 2011.07.29 Publisher : Park Jin-hyung, Editor : Park Jae-ho, Juvenile Protection Manager : Lee Jae-hoon E-mail : global@sportschosun.com, Tel : +82-2-3219-8253

© 2000-2024 Copyright sportschosun.com All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportschosun.com/sports/2024/10/coach-hong-myung-bos-smilethe-most-important-game-of-23645 
 ----- 
