TRANSFERS
Premier League
Man City
Man Utd
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
Tottenham
Leicester City
Everton FC
Aston Villa
West Ham
Newcastle
Brighton
Wolves
Ipswich
Southampton
Nottingham Forest
Fulham
Crystal Palace
Brentford
Bournemouth
Championship
Leeds United
Norwich City
Stoke City
Sheffield United
Bristol City
Sunderland
LaLiga
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Atletico Madrid
Athletic Bilbao
Real Sociedad
Valencia
SPL
Al-Nassr
Al-Hilal
Al-Ittihad
Al-Riyadh
Al-Ahli
Al-Ettifaq
Scottish Premiership
Celtic FC
Rangers FC
News
Fixtures
Competitions
Premier League
LaLiga
EFL Championship
SPL
MLS
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
EURO
Copa America
UCL
UEL
FA Cup

Home

>

News

>

Jordan Vs Oman Prediction Preview Lineups World Cup Qualifiers 15th October 2024

Advertisement
4 min read
Sumit Saha
Mod: 13 Oct 2024 03:52 PM
Jordan vs Oman Prediction, Preview, Lineups, and Team News| World Cup Qualifiers, October 15, 2024
Jordan
Jordan vs Oman
Oman
World Cup Qualifiers
Jordan vs Oman Preview
Tournament: AFC Third Round Group B
Date: Tuesday, October 15.
Time: 4:00 PM GMT.
Venue: Amman International Stadium.

Jordan is set to face Oman in the AFC third-round clash at the Amman International Stadium in Jordan. The hosts find themselves in a strong position in the third position with four points behind South Korea and Iraq. On the other hand, Oman have just managed three points to be placed at number four.

The visitors come into this game after defeating Kuwait 4-0 where Al Mushaifri scored a brace for his team and the team was pretty dominant in the match. Before that game, their performance were on bad as they faced defeats from South Korea and Iraq. Meanwhile, the hosts come into this game after a 0-2 defeat against South Korea. They also defeated Kuwait 1-3 in the qualifying fixture.

Ranked 68th in the world, Jordan are yet to qualify for the World Cup but their memorable run in this year’s Asian Cup where they reached the final would give them hope. If Iraq loses in the other game and Jordan is able to salvage three points by a decent margin they could easily move to the second place, handing them a boost to progress in the tournament.

Let’s have a look at the news from both the teams.

Jordan National Football Team News
Jordan Players celebrating their goal (Source Getty Images)

The hosts are very unlikely to make a change to their starting lineup as there are no injury concerns except the availability of attacker Al-Taamari. Manager, Jamal Sellami will not much have a headache regarding the availability of the players and can focus on taking the points tally to seven points after their fourth match.

Oman National Football Team News
Oman players before the start of their game against Kuwait (Source: Getty Images)

Oman manager, Rashid Jaber will be happy with most of the players returning in the game against Kuwait to make the injury list empty for his team. Al Mushaifri will be an undisputed starter after his terrific performance against Kuwait and also substitute Fawaz in that game will look for an opportunity to start.

Jordan vs Oman Predicted Lineups
Jordan National Football Team Predicted Lineup:

Goalkeeper: Abulaila

Defenders: Nasib, Al-Arab, Dahab

Midfielders: Haddad, Rashdan, Al-Rawabdeh, Hasheesh

Forwards: Olwan, Al-Naimat, Mardi

Oman National Football Team Predicted Lineup:

Goalkeeper: Al-Mukhaini

Defenders: Al-Harthi, Al-Musalami, Al-Khamisi, Al-Busaidi

Midfielders: Al-Yahmadi, Al-Saadi, Al-Alawi, Al-Mushaifri

Forwards: Al-Ghassani, Al-Yahyaei

Also Read: Wales vs Montenegro Prediction, Preview, Team News, and Lineups | UEFA Nations League, October 14, 2024

Jordan vs Oman Head to Head record

Both teams have faced each other 14 times since 2006. Out of which Jordan won five games and Oman won three games in total. Six games resulted in draw.

Date	Match	Competition
September 26, 2022	Jordan 1-0 Oman	International Friendly
March 20, 2021	Oman 0-0 Jordan	International Friendly
September 11, 2018	Jordan 0-0 Oman	International Friendly
Key Players to Watch out for in Jordan vs Oman
Mohammed Al-Musalami (Oman)
Mohammed Al-Musalami -Getty Images

Since taking centre stage in 2011, Mohammed al-Musalami has led the team with the most caps (116) for his country. The seasoned defender competes in the Oman Professional League for Al-Seeb. He capped a solid defensive display in the last game against Kuwait and will be a player to watch out for in the game against Jordan.

Ali Iyad Olwan (Jordan)
Ali Iyad Olwan -Getty Images

He has scored in every game of the second round of the AFC World Cup Qualifiers but in the third round, he has yet to score a goal for his team. If Jordan has to win the game against Oman he needs to deliver and be at his best.

Jordan vs Oman Prediction

Jordan are coming into this game from a defeat but had a great year being furious in attack and did not give their opposition many chances to pounce on. In contrast to that Oman have won their last game against Kuwait in a dominating fashion and we can expect this clash to be a competitive one.

Prediction: Jordan 2-1 Oman

Also Read: Germany vs Netherlands Prediction, Preview, Lineups and Team News | Nations League | October 14, 2024

Where and How to Watch Jordan vs Omar Live?
Country	Where to Watch
UK	Sky Sports
USA	ESPN
India	FanCode
Jordan	Jordan Sport
Oman	beIN Sports MENA

FAQs

Q. When is Jordan vs Oman?

Q. Where to watch Jordan vs Oman live for free?

Q. What is the predicted score in Jordan vs Oman?

Q. What is the head-to-head record for Jordan vs Oman?

Trending Articles

20 Best African Players in Premier League History

Where to watch Juventus vs Cagliari in the Coppa Italia for free?

Ajax vs Telstar Lineups, Preview, Prediction and Team N...

Who is Dominic Solanke? Know About His Net Worth, Salar...

QUICK LINKS
Home
All News
Fixtures
COMPETITIONS
Premier League
La Liga
EFL Championship
Saudi Pro League
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
UEL
UCL
FA Cup
NEWS
Football Features
Football News
Football Predictions
Player Ratings
Entertainment
FPL
Esports
WNBA Features
WNBA Players
WNBA All Star Game
FOLLOW US
About us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Career
Website Sitemap

All images used are for editorial purposes only. License solely with Getty/Source.

Copyright © 2024 Sportsdunia All rights reserved.

The information contained in Sportsdunia may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Sportsdunia
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsdunia.com/news/jordan-vs-oman-prediction-preview-lineups-world-cup-qualifiers-15th-october-2024 
 ----- 
