We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
MLB
Texas Rangers
Rangers SS Corey Seager hits huge career milestone vs. Blue Jays

Rangers superstar Corey Seager reached an impressive milestone against the Blue Jays: his 1,000th career hit.

By 

Wyatt Allsup

Sep 12, 2023 at 9:35 PM ET

Texas Rangers superstar Corey Seager collected his 1,000th major league hit in Tuesday's game against the Toronto Blue Jays. Seager is 29 years old and has a highly decorated MLB career already. He came over from the Los Angeles Dodgers before the 2022 season and has not disappointed.

The Dodgers drafted Corey Seager with the 18th overall pick in the 2012 MLB Draft. He made his debut with the team in 2015 and made a huge impact in his first full season in 2016. Seager won the NL Rookie of the Year award and finished third in NL MVP voting. He was a key part of several competitive Dodgers teams, including the one that won the World Series in 2020. Seager had a phenomenal playoff run, winning NLCS MVP and World Series MVP, his greatest career accomplishments.

After the 2021 season, the Rangers inked Seager to a 10-year, $325 million contract, the largest in franchise history. It was part of a series of big free agency signings the Rangers' front office has made over the past two off-seasons. Notably, Texas also signed Marcus Semien and Jacob deGrom to huge contracts.

Seager's first season with the Rangers was a bit of a mixed bag. It was his healthiest season since his rookie year; he appeared in 151 games. Seager averages around 98 games per season for his career (including the pandemic-shortened 2020 season). That's a big reason it has taken this long for Seager to reach the 1,000-hit mark, despite his .292 career batting average.

Related Texas Rangers News
Article continues below
Rangers’ Josh Jung gets pivotal offseason injury update
1d
Cubs make trade with Rangers for reliever
2d
Rangers agree to reunite with ex-Red Sox pitcher on 1-year contract
5d
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
1 w

In 2022, Seager hit for a career-low average of .245, but he hit a career-high 33 home runs and made his fourth All-Star Game. Despite missing some time with a hamstring injury this year, Seager has been phenomenal. He has 30 home runs and an AL-best .337 batting average (plus three more hits tonight).

In fact, Seager would probably be at the top of the AL MVP race if it weren't for the two-way brilliance of Shohei Ohtani. Most major sports books don't even offer AL MVP futures anymore because Ohtani is so clearly the choice.

In any case, what an accomplishment for Seager, and what a season he has had across the board. Blue Jays pitcher Hyun-jin Ryu tossed the ball back towards the Rangers dugout after the leadoff single. Seager will have a souvenir to take home from Canada.

Wyatt Allsup is a sports journalist from Fort Worth, Texas. He joined ClutchPoints in May 2023 and covers football, basketball, baseball and mixed martial arts. Wyatt now lives in Southern California, where he has previously covered USC football and basketball for Sports Illustrated.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Ex-Yankees, Dodgers reliever drawing interest from ‘8 teams’
11 hours ago
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
2 days ago
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara-Red Sox trade speculation gets doused in cold water
2 days ago
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
6 days ago
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Blue Jays enter Yoan Moncada sweepstakes amid Alex Bregman wait
6 days ago
MLB rumors: Angels, Blue Jays, Tigers listed as Anthony Santander suitors
6 days ago
Ranking the dirtiest players in MLB history
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
1 week ago
MLB news: Phillies, White Sox swap pitchers in trade
1 week ago
Corey Seager
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Update Privacy Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/rangers-star-corey-seager-reaches-impressive-career-milestone-vs-blue-jays 
 ----- 
