मराठी
 
हिंदी
 
Times Now
Follow us on :
 
 
 
 
CRICKET
FOOTBALL
TENNIS
OTHERS
BADMINTON
WWE
ESPORTS
 
LIVE TV
 
MORE+
News> Sports News > Cricket News
Ravichandran Ashwin posts cryptic message as India hope for Afghanistan win over New Zealand
Cricket
TN Sports Desk
Updated Nov 07, 2021 | 16:44 IST
Ravichandran Aswin made his feelings clear about his hopes from the ongoing Afghanistan-New Zealand T20 World Cup clash. A victory for Afghanistan will hand India a chance to make the semi-final.
Ravichandran Ashwin posted a cryptic message ahead of the Afghanistan-New Zealand clash   |  Photo Credit: AP
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
Ravichandran Ashwin posted a cryptic message on twitter ahead of the Afghanistan-New Zealand clash
The Indian off-spinner offered his support to the Afghanistan team ahead of the must-win clash
A victory for Afghanistan will will open up India's chances of making the semi-final

Indian off-spinner Ravichandran Ashwin posted a cryptic message ahead of the all-important Afghanistan-New Zealand T20 World Cup clash in Abu Dhabi. Ashwin made his expectations from the match clear. 

A victory for New Zealand will seal their place in the semi-finals. However, if Aghanistan win the game it will not only open up a chance for themselves but also hand India a lifeline in their hopes of making the knockout stages. 

Check out Ashwin's message 

#AfgvsNZ #Afghanistan
— Ashwin (@ashwinravi99) November 7, 2021

 With four wins in as many games, Pakistan are guaranteed to qualify from Group 2. However, the second spot is still up for grabs with New Zealand, Afghanistan, and India all having a chance to make the next round.

From Group 1, England and Australia have qualified for the semi-final. Unless Scotland upset Pakistan, the Men in Green will face Australia while England will face the second-placed team. 

India were one of the hot favourites to win the tournament before the competition began but two shocking performances in their opening two games against Pakistan and New Zealand have put them on the brink of elimination. 

The Men in Blue lost to Pakistan in a World Cup game for the first time in history in their opening encounter of the tournament. They suffered a humiliating 10-wicket defeat to Babar Azam's side in Dubai. 

RELATED NEWS
NZ vs AFG: Twitterati posts rib-tickling memes as Team India's fans root for an Afghanistan win over Kiwis
Mujeeb is back: Twitterati erupts with joy as Afghanistan spinner returns for New Zealand clash
Virat Kohli's old tweet on Aiden Markram resurfaces as South Africa bow out of T20 World Cup

Virat Kohli & Co's performance in the next game was even worse as they capitulated to a score of just 110 against New Zealand in 20 overs. The Black Caps comfortably chased down the total with eight wickets in hand and 33 balls to spare. 

Ashwin was not in the playing XI for the first two games but played against Afghanistan and Scotland as India made a strong comeback in the competition with two big wins. Ashwin took three wickets in those two games. 

Ahead of India's clash against Scotland, Ashwin had made a cheeky comment about the Afghanistan-New Zealand clash. In the pre-match conference, he said, “It’s a funny game and Afghanistan has played good cricket and a lot of our hopes rest with them, so all the very best to them. I really wish if we could provide any physio support to Mujeeb we can get him on the field. That is all we can hope for."

Afghanistan won the toss and chose to bat against New Zealand with Mujeeb Ur Rahman back in the playing XI after recovering from his injury. 

Get Sports news including Cricket Live Updates, Football, Tennis, Badminton, WWE and other Sports on Times Now

LATEST SPORTS NEWS
Only a pragmatic taxation regime will make the online gaming industry viable
We try to help niche companies in India develop into sports professionals: Parimatch
Poker is increasingly gaining popularity as the top mind sport: ACL winner Arun Sriram
GoodGameNation enters partnership with Indian youth community platform Viral Fission
Fantasy Sports is bringing fans closer to lesser-known sports
Now Available On
 
 
 
 
News
Home
India
Business
Viral News
Health
Education
Sports
Videos
World
Latest News
Auto
Cryptonow
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Syndication
Editorial Guidelines
Reference Interconnect Offers
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Watch Live TV
Times NOW
ET NOW
Mirror NOW
© Bennett Coleman & Company Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/article/ravichandran-ashwin-posts-cryptic-message-as-india-hope-for-afghanistan-win-over-new-zealand/829832 
 ----- 
