    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  New Zealand beat Afghanistan to knock India out of World T20
SPORTS
New Zealand beat Afghanistan to knock India out of World T20
November 7, 2021 0
Devon Conway (right) and Kane Williamson of New Zealand run between the wickets during the ICC Men's T20 World Cup match between New Zealand and Afghanistan at Sheikh Zayed stadium on November 07, 2021 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. (Photo by Gareth Copley-ICC/ICC via Getty Images)

New Zealand clinically beat Afghanistan by eight wickets to secure a place in the semi-finals of the Men’s T20 World Cup and eliminate pre-tournament favourites India.

The Black Caps join Pakistan in progressing from Group Two and will likely meet England in the last four.

They were exceptional in the field, holding Afghanistan, who needed a win to maintain their own slim hopes, to 124-8.

Najibullah Zadran hit 73 from 48 balls, but Trent Boult took 3-17 and the New Zealand fielders held onto three superb catches.

Although Daryl Mitchell fell for 17 and Martin Guptill 28, captain Kane Williamson hit a typically calm 40 not out as his side eased to victory with 11 balls to spare.

The win puts New Zealand top of the group table, but unbeaten Pakistan would retake the position with victory over Scotland in their final group game on Sunday in Sharjah.

India, who required an Afghanistan victory to stay in contention after defeats in their opening two games, are eliminated before their final match against Namibia on Monday.

India’s fan base has been left dejected after the team’s exit (Photo by Matthew Lewis-ICC/ICC via Getty Images)

Professional New Zealand down Afghanistan – and India

There may have been a sparse crowd in Abu Dhabi but there were millions – possibly more than a billion – of interested followers around the world, given this match effectively decided the fate of three nations in this tournament.

India spinner Ravichandran Ashwin tweeted his support for Afghanistan before the game, but sadly for Indian and Afghan hopes, New Zealand are probably the most professional outfit in world cricket.

Their trusty seamers – Boult, Tim Southee and Adam Milne – reduced Afghanistan to 19-3 and any hopes of an upset were already fading inside six overs.

New Zealand’s fielding was brilliant. Wicketkeeper Devon Conway took a leaping catch to dismiss Mohammad Shahzad, Jimmy Neesham’s tumbling grab at long-off ended Zadran’s innings and Williamson clung onto a ball dropping over his shoulder after running back from extra cover to see off Rashid Khan.

There was also a spectacular diving boundary save from Daryl Mitchell which denied Rashid a six on the mid-wicket boundary.

New Zealand took a measured approach to the chase, but, after playing himself in, Conway swept two fours in the 14th over to alleviate any pressure.

He ended 36 not out alongside Williamson, the pair sharing an unbeaten stand of 68, although Conway should have been caught behind early on when Afghanistan did not appeal for what replays showed to be a thin edge.

Conway calmly knocked the winning runs at the start of the penultimate over for a win that, unless Scotland upset Pakistan, sets up a repeat of the 2019 50-over World Cup final.

It will also begin an inquest in India – this the first time the nation has failed to reach the semi-finals of a men’s 50 or 20-over World Cup since 2012. (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
Eight more die from COVID-19; 86 new cases recorded
Next article
Guyana and Cayman Islands play to 0-0 draw
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Sparta Boss crowned champions of Kashif and Shanghai/One Guyana National Futsal Championship
Sports
Babar, Masood fight for Pakistan after South Africa enforce follow-on
Sports
Soca Warriors get $6.8M from government for World Cup campaign
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Opposition must be held accountable for decline in forestry, bauxite sectors – President Ali
Editor - January 6, 2025
New Mackenzie-Wismar Bridge 31 per cent complete; substantial progress expected by year-end
Editor - January 6, 2025
 Anisah Khan: Guyana’s Trailblazing Female DJ
Editor - January 6, 2025
Motorcyclist hospitalised after serious incident on Essequibo Coast
Editor - January 6, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a  daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
November 2021
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
1	2	3	4	5	6	7
8	9	10	11	12	13	14
15	16	17	18	19	20	21
22	23	24	25	26	27	28
29	30	 
« Oct   Dec »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2021/11/07/new-zealand-beat-afghanistan-to-knock-india-out-of-world-t20/ 
 ----- 
