Skip to content
News Archives
Subscribe to get updates
About Us
···
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
Home
Editorial
News
Opinions
Pepperpot
Sports
···
Search
Search
E - Papers
 
 
 
 
 
 
Shepherd, Motie and Joseph deliver series win against South Africa
By Staff Reporter
|  August 26, 2024
 
 
Shamar Joseph finished with 3 for 31•Aug 25, 2024•AFP/Getty Images

WEST Indies have won their third successive series against South Africa by defending 179 at the Brian Lara Academy, where they dismantled a chase that was well set-up.
South Africa were 129 for 3 in the 14th over but lost 7 for 20 in 35 balls and were bowled out for 149 in 19.4 overs to fall short by 30 runs.

Akeal Hosein and Gudakesh Motie made the crucial breakthroughs when they removed Tristan Stubbs and Donovan Ferreira respectively but then it was over to Romario Shepherd and Shamar Joseph to finish off. Shepherd ended with 3 for 15 from his four overs and Joseph with a career-best 3 for 31. Between them they took South Africa’s chances of levelling the series from on track to derailed.

West Indies would have known that the total they posted was gettable after they pulled off the highest successful chase at the venue – 175 – two days ago and South Africa were off to a quick start. They raced to 100 inside 10 overs but West Indies conceded only one boundary between 10th and 14th overs and forced South Africa into making mistakes that ultimately cost them the game.

South Africa’s middle-order will be a cause for concern after only one batter from No.3 down got past 20 in a match where individual run-scoring accolades were scarce. There were no half-centuries across the two teams but West Indies were clearly the better big-hitting side. They hit 13 sixes compared to South Africa’s six, which may be one marker of where the game was won.

Another is that West Indies scored 50 runs in their last five overs and the 47-run stand between Rovman Powell and Sherfane Rutherford also gave West Indies the edge.

HOPE FLOATS AND FLIES
After a match-winning 51 in the opening game, Shai Hope announced his intent in this match when he slog-swept Bjorn Fortuin over midwicket to score his first boundary of the innings. Hope’s pull off Kwena Maphaka in the next over, which went between the wicketkeeper and short fine, opened up a scoring area in the v behind the stumps which Alick Athanaze also exploited when he played Lizaad Williams late through third. West Indies finished the Powerplay on 43 for 1 before Hope’s best came out.

He smashed Aiden Markram for back-to-back sixes over midwicket as South Africa’s captain turned the ball into him and Hope was able to hit with the wind. Two more sixes came when he pulled Maphaka over cow corner and flicked Patrick Kruger over a wide fine leg to underline his preference for leg-side play. Hope scored 39 of his 41 runs on the on-side, and had a third fifty in four innings in his sights, before he reached for a wide Kruger delivery and was caught at deep point.

KRUGER DOUBLES-UP
Hope was Kruger’s first T20I wicket and it only took two more balls before he had his second. After a change of ends, but with the same plan, Kruger struck with the first ball in the 12th over. He maintained a wide line outside off and Roston Chase was enticed into attempting a big shot. He only got enough to find Maphaka on the edge of the point boundary, who took a good low catch to leave West Indies 94 for 3. Kruger is not South Africa’s first-choice allrounder, even in this squad, but has done enough to keep Wiaan Mulder on the bench and perhaps even edge out Donovan Ferreira.

REEZA’S RETURN
The last ball of Hosein’s opening over was not particularly short, but Hendricks pulled it for four over midwicket for the first boundary of South Africa’s reply. And it was as though a switch had flipped. Hendricks went on to hit a wide ball from Matthew Forde over point, a full delivery through the covers and then seemed to do nothing more than attempt a back foot defensive block but timed it well enough to get past mid-off for four more.

His coup de grâce came against Roston Chase, who he hit for 22 runs including back to back sixes either side of the wicket to give South Africa fifty inside four overs, and 71 in the Powerplay albeit that he fell on the penultimate ball. Hendricks under-edged Romario Shepherd onto his stumps and was out for 44 but showed signs that he was back to his best. In 11 innings before this one, Hendricks had only got past 40 once and though he would have been disappointed not to get a half-century, he set up the chase well.

 

SHARE THIS ARTICLE :
 
 
Prev
PREVIOUS
GDF defend title after goalless draw
NEXT
Guyana ended with 8 Bronze medals at CAREBACO in Aruba
Next
Leave a Comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Type here..

Name*

Email*

Website

 
 
MORE FROM THIS AUTHOR
Staff Reporter
‘Not a one-time payment’
| 2025-01-03
75 years on… PPP’s philosophy of fighting for freedom, unity, democracy remains strong
| 2025-01-03
13 landfill sites to be established nationwide
| 2025-01-03
Guyanese athlete Malachi Austin earns full scholarship to LSU with US Ambassador’s endorsement
| 2025-01-03
New systems, innovations to help maximise revenue from tourism industry
| 2025-01-03
View All
   
Sign up to receive news and updates. We respect your privacy.
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Youtube
 
Instagram
Follow us on our social platforms
CONTACT US
Mailing Address

Lama Avenue, Bel Air Park, Georgetown, Guyana.

General Numbers

(592) 226-3243-9

Emails

gnnleditorial@gmail.com (Editorial)
(Advertising Department) classi_advt@yahoo.com or gnnladvertisingdepartment@gmail.com

View Complete Contact Info
NEWS
Arts & Entertainment
Business & Environment
Crime & Security
Courts
Features
Health
Politics
Regional
International
OPINIONS
4 minutes 4 change
Book Review
Letters
Oil, Gas & You
OP-ED
Perspectives in Public Health
Towards a Good Life
PEPPERPOT
Arts & Culture
Beyond the Runway
Big Little Voice
Consumer Concern
Dentist Advises
Direct Answers
For the love of the arts
Focus On The Village
Psychologist
© 2024 | Developed by Logix
Maintained by the MIS Department
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://guyanachronicle.com/2024/08/26/shepherd-motie-and-joseph-deliver-series-win-against-south-africa/ 
 ----- 
