    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
FRIDAY, JANUARY 3, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Shepherd, Joseph seal West Indies’ third consecutive T20I series win over South...
SPORTS
Shepherd, Joseph seal West Indies’ third consecutive T20I series win over South Africa
August 25, 2024 0
Romario Shepherd (right) was on target with the ball, taking 3-15 (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)

West Indies have won their third successive series against South Africa by defending 179 at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy, where they dismantled a chase that was well set-up. South Africa were 129-3 in the 14th over, but lost 7-20 in 35 balls and were bowled out for 149 in 19.4 overs to fall short by 30 runs.

Akeal Hosein and Gudakesh Motie made the crucial breakthroughs when they removed Tristan Stubbs and Donovan Ferreira respectively, but then it was over to Romario Shepherd and Shamar Joseph to finish off.

Shepherd ended with 3-15 from his four overs and Joseph with a career-best 3-31. Between them they took South Africa’s chances of levelling the series from on track to derailed.

West Indies would have known that the total they posted was gettable after they pulled off the highest successful chase at the venue – 175 – two days ago and South Africa were off to a quick start.

Shamar Joseph had career-best figures of 3-31 (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)

They raced to 100 inside 10 overs but West Indies conceded only one boundary between 10th and 14th overs to force South Africa into making mistakes that ultimately cost them the game.

South Africa’s middle order will be a cause for concern after only one batter after No.3 got past 20 in a match where individual run-scoring accolades were scarce.

There were no half-centuries across the two teams but West Indies were clearly the better big-hitting side. They hit 13 sixes compared to South Africa’s six, which may be one marker of where the game was won.

Another is that West Indies scored 50 runs in their last five overs and the 47-run stand between Rovman Powell and Sherfane Rutherford gave them the edge.

Sherfane Rutherford played a crucial hand in the death overs (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)

Hope floats and flies

After a match-winning 51 in the opening game, Shai Hope announced his intent in this match when he slog swept Bjorn Fortuin over midwicket to score his first boundary of the innings. Hope’s pull off Kwena Maphaka in the next over, which went between the wicketkeeper and short fine, opened up a scoring area in the V behind the stumps.

Alick Athanaze also exploited that area when he played Lizaad Williams late through third. West Indies finished the Powerplay on 43 for 1 before Hope’s best came out. He smashed Aiden Markram for back-to-back sixes over midwicket as South Africa’s captain turned the ball into him and Hope was able to hit with the wind.

Two more sixes came when he pulled Maphaka over cow corner and flicked Patrick Kruger over a wide fine leg to underline his preference for leg-side play. Hope scored 39 of his 41 runs on the leg side, and had a third fifty in four innings in his sights, before he reached for a wide Kruger delivery and was caught at deep point.

Kruger doubles-up

Hope was Kruger’s first T20I wicket and it only took two more balls before he had his second. After a change of ends, but with the same plan, Kruger struck with the first ball in the 12th over. He maintained a wide line outside off and Roston Chase was enticed into attempting a big shot.

He only got enough to find Maphaka on the edge of the point boundary, who took a good low catch to leave West Indies 94 for 3. Kruger is not South Africa’s first-choice allrounder, even in this squad, but has done enough to keep Wiaan Mulder on the bench and perhaps even edge out Donovan Ferreira.

Reeza’s return

The last ball of Hosein’s opening over was not particularly short, but Reeza Hendricks pulled it for four over midwicket for the first boundary of South Africa’s reply. And it was as though a switch had flipped.

Hendricks went on to hit a wide ball from Matthew Forde over point, a full delivery through the covers and then seemed to do nothing more than attempt a back-foot defensive block but timed it well enough to get past mid-off for four more. His coup de grâce came against Chase, who he hit for 22 runs including back-to-back sixes either side of the wicket to give South Africa fifty inside four overs, and 71 in the Powerplay albeit that he fell on the penultimate ball.

Hendricks under-edged Romario Shepherd onto his stumps and was out for 44 but showed signs that he was back to his best. In 11 innings before this one, Hendricks had only got past 40 once and though he would have been disappointed not to get a half-century, he set up the chase well.

Hosein has South Africa on the ropes

Hosein’s first two overs – at the start of the innings – cost 17 runs and he was brought back in the 14th, with South Africa in control. They were 125 for 3 after 13 with Tristan Stubbs and Rassie van der Dussen both in and scoring quickly.

Hosein made a crucial breakthrough, that of Stubbs by foxing him in flight. Stubbs tried to loft a slow, flighted ball over long-off but did not get enough on it and was caught by substitute fielder Fabian Allen. Pace-off also did Donovan Ferreira in, as Motie had him stumped in the next over, but it was Hosein’s final delivery that put South Africa’s hopes to bed.

Rassie van der Dussen tried to him over midwicket but only made contact with the inside-half of the bat and was caught by Shamar. South Africa were 138 for 6 after 16 overs and needed 42 runs off 24 balls. Shamar and Shepherd took South Africa out of reach and cleaned up the tail before Forde finished off the match. (ESPNcricinfo)

 

Advertisement _____
Previous article
New Berbice Bridge to be modern structure like Demerara crossing
Next article
Plantation Peter’s Hall residents frustrated by dust, noise from nearby building material business
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Rutherford fires Thunder to last-ball win over Scorchers
Sports
West Indies Women to face Bangladesh in limited-over series
Sports
Young trio shines in Rapid and Blitz Open Chess competitions
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Rutherford fires Thunder to last-ball win over Scorchers
Editor - January 3, 2025
Deceased donor transplants to start in coming months
Editor - January 3, 2025
10 babies delivered at New Amsterdam Hospital on New Year’s Day
Editor - January 3, 2025
West Indies Women to face Bangladesh in limited-over series
Editor - January 3, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
August 2024
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4
5	6	7	8	9	10	11
12	13	14	15	16	17	18
19	20	21	22	23	24	25
26	27	28	29	30	31	 
« Jul   Sep »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2024/08/25/shepherd-joseph-seal-west-indies-third-consecutive-t20i-series-win-over-south-africa/ 
 ----- 
