Light
Home
Live Scores
Tests
ODIs
T20
Countries
Login
Sign Up
Joe Root feeling more like Peter Pan than ‘grandad’ in youthful England line-up
News Desk
25 Aug 2024

Joe Root may have been labelled ‘grandad’ by Harry Brook but he insists England’s vibrant young Test team makes him feel more like Peter Pan.

Root was once the side’s cheeky young insurgent but, after a dozen years and 144 caps, he is now the elder statesmen of the group.

At 33 he is still younger than both Chris Woakes and Mark Wood, both of whom lined up in the five-wicket victory over Sri Lanka at Emirates Old Trafford, but since James Anderson’s retirement earlier this summer nobody comes close to Root for international experience.

'I wanted to take on KP every time post...
'I don't want to be celebrated!' |...
India's Ashwin retires from...
'It's problematic!' | Nasser, Athers...
'Good but not vintage' | Nasser and...
'Good but not vintage' | Nasser and...
Ward: Stokes injury blow 'a big concern
Atherton assesses England's end of year...
Cross Test hopes in doubt after injury...
'He gets good players out' - Hussain...
Beaumont credits haircut for...
'The whole package looks excellent' |...
'My last one was at school!' |...
Hussain: Brook heroics 'game defying'...
'I have no idea where that come from' |...
'He didn't look like a debutant to me!'...
Stokes 'full focus' on New Zealand...
Is Bumrah the world's best all-format...
Ecclestone urges Capsey to 'stay...
Under-pressure Pope to play as...
'2-1, but not sure who to!' | Who are...
'You can't play one way' | How does...
'I've got more to offer' | Anderson...
'I was in the zone' | Samson reacts to...
<
>

He showed all of his savvy to manage a tricky chase in the first Test in Manchester, grinding out an unbeaten 62 to hunt down 205 on a stubborn surface.

Joining him in the winner’s huddle were relative novices Shoaib Bashir, Gus Atkinson, Jamie Smith and Matthew Potts – a quartet with 22 appearances between them. When the squad reconvenes at Lord’s on Tuesday, uncapped 20-year-old Josh Hull will be standing in for the injured Wood.

“They don’t get younger do they?” said Root, after sealing England’s fourth straight win of the summer.

Ad

“Those guys they keep you young more than anything. In this job you can be a bit like Peter Pan, you never really have to grow up; you just think you’re the same age as the guy you’re batting with or the blokes around you.

Ad

“I think the really nice thing about it is we all get on really well with each other, even if we do take the mick out of each other.

“Brooky was calling me grandad the other day…I mean 33 is a good effort to be a grandad! It was so funny, he was chasing me in the field saying ‘don’t let me catch you’ as if we were playing a village game. That’s what you want, for it to be fun and to have a laugh out there.

“It’s nice to forget that there’s a bit on the line and you can just enjoy it, and we were able to do that which is a really good place to be.

“I still feel pretty young and I feel like there’s a lot of cricket left in me.”

Joe Root (right) has been on the receiving end of some ribbing from Harry Brook (Nigel French/PA)

As well as taunting his Yorkshire team-mate, 25-year-old Brook had a new role in Manchester as vice-captain to stand-in skipper Ollie Pope.

Root led England 64 times between 2017 and 2022 – more than anyone else in the role – and is delighted to see others pick up the mantle with Ben Stokes on the injured list.

“I think they did really well. It’s great to see young lads stepping up and taking those responsibilities on and doing a really good job,” he said.

“I offer what I can and every now and again you chip in, but it’s everyone’s team and they’re the future of it. They’re very smart young lads, they know the game really well, they’re gaining lots of experience all the time and they’re taking the team in a really good direction.”

The international futures of experienced duo Jonny Bairstow (right) and Moeen Ali is in the air (Mike Egerton/PA)

England are expected to continue blooding new talent when they announce their white-ball squads to take on Australia next month.

After the sacking of limited-overs head coach Matthew Mott, further change could be in the air with Jonny Bairstow and Moeen Ali waiting to find out if they have a future.

Bairstow, a key part of the 2019 World Cup winning side, was dropped from the Test team at the start of the summer, with director of cricket Rob Key suggesting that his form was trending downwards across all formats. If he misses out this time, the 34-year-old may have played for England for the final time.

Moeen has been vice-captain to Jos Buttler in recent years but at 37, he has acknowledged his international career is winding down. Warwickshire’s Barbados-born all-rounder Jacob Bethell is set to receive his first call-up and could take up the mantle as a second spin option.

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Jonhenry Wilson
29 Dec 2024
Who were the busiest T20 cricketers in 2024?

Globetrotters and jetsetters.

Big Bash League
Caribbean Premier League
Jonhenry Wilson
21 Dec 2024
The 7 highest Test scores of 2024

One Indian star features twice.

Bangladesh
England
Archie Starkey
13 Dec 2024
How many times has a team won after following on in Test cricket?

Comeback victories at their finest.

Australia
England
Archie Starkey
12 Dec 2024
Which are the most affordable cricket bats on the market this Christmas?

As used by Babar Azam, Joe Root, Steven Smith and other star batters.

Features
Home page
Latest News
Who were 2025’s first 5 debutants in Test cricket?
02 Jan 2025
Afghanistan
Australia
South Africa’s youngest Test cricket debutants
01 Jan 2025
Home page
South Africa
Who reached 200 Test wickets in the quickest time?
31 Dec 2024
Australia
Home page
2024’s cricket obituaries – remembering those who died this year
30 Dec 2024
Australia
England
Who were the busiest T20 cricketers in 2024?
29 Dec 2024
Big Bash League
Caribbean Premier League
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Cricket365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cricket365.com/countries/england/joe-root-feeling-more-like-peter-pan-than-grandad-in-youthful-england-line-up 
 ----- 
