MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Did Shohei Ohtani just play the single greatest baseball game ever?
By Fabian Ardaya
Sep 20, 2024

641

MIAMI – The Veuve Clicquot had been poured and the commemorative T-shirts handed out. Only then, once there had been time for it all to sink in, could his awestruck teammates fully comprehend the latest demonstration of greatness by Shohei Ohtani.

They marveled not only at his latest milestone, becoming the first player to hit 50 homers and steal 50 bases in the same season. But they spoke with admiration about the way Ohtani reached the 50-50 club — with a single-game performance for the ages.

“That has to be the greatest baseball game of all time,” Gavin Lux said. “It has to be.”

Ohtani singlehandedly pummeled the Miami Marlins on Thursday. He went 6-for-6, slugged three home runs, drove in 10 runs and swiped two bases — in a game that clinched a postseason berth.

“I didn’t even realize he was 6-for-6,” Mookie Betts said. “What we see is like expected. It’s crazy that he lives up to those types of expectations. But that’s also what makes you speechless.”

And had Ohtani not gotten thrown out trying to leg out a triple in his third at-bat, he’d have added his second career cycle, too.

No player in baseball history had hit three homers and stolen multiple bases in a game, until Ohtani did it on Thursday. No player had collected more total bases (17) in a multi-steal game, smashing the previous mark of 11 from the likes of Kirk Gibson and Braggo Roth. No player since at least 1901 had collected at least five hits, hit multiple home runs and stolen multiple bases in the same game.

According to OptaSTATS, no player since 1920 has ever had a 10-RBI day, a six-hit day, a five extra-base hit day, a three-homer day, and a multi-steal day within their career. Ohtani crammed all that production into a single Thursday afternoon during a 20-4 thrashing of the Marlins.

 

So, how did Ohtani’s masterclass rank with the other greatest individual offensive performances of all-time? With so many worthy contenders, it might depend on the parameters.

Best 6-for-6 days ever?

Few can speak with more authority on this subject than Dodgers manager Dave Roberts. On May 23, 2002, in a game against the Milwaukee Brewers, Roberts watched from the Dodgers dugout as teammate Shawn Green slugged four home runs, part of a 6-for-6 day.

“Sorry, Shawn,” Roberts said after Ohtani’s outburst, again from the Dodgers dugout. “But just in totality I don’t know that I’ve seen anything like this.”

Green’s 19 total bases remain an all-time single-game record. Anthony Rendon (April 30, 2017), Edgardo Alfonso (Aug. 30, 1999), Jimmie Foxx (July 10, 1932) and Ty Cobb (May 5, 1925) all enjoyed 6-for-6 games – though with fewer total bases than both Green and Ohtani.

	Shawn Green blasts his fourth home run on May 23, 2002. (Tannen Maury/AFP via Getty Images)
What about by RBIs?

While Ohtani’s 10 RBIs against the Marlins were impressive, a few other players have him beat by this measure. Though not by much.

Mark Whiten hit four home runs and drove in 12 on Sept. 7, 1993. It is one of four games ever with more than 10 RBIs from one player, matching Jim Bottomley’s 6-for-6, 12-RBI game from Sept. 16, 1924. The only other players who drove in more runs (11) in a game than Ohtani did on Thursday are Phil Weintraub (April 30, 1944) and Tony Lazerri (May 24, 1936).

Of course, Ohtani has that group bested in one way. None of those games featured multiple stolen bases.

	Mark Whiten in 1993. (George Gojkovich / Getty Images)
Best game ever by a designated hitter?

This title, far and away, belongs to Ohtani. Since the American League introduced the DH in 1973, only two players have collected six hits while occupying that spot. The first was Kevin Reimer on Aug. 24, 1993 against Oakland. The second was Ohtani. Despite a job description that calls for total focus on offense, no DH had ever logged double-digit runs batted in or collected more than 15 total bases in a game.

“Take the season out of it – today was probably the single best offensive game I’ve ever seen,” Max Muncy said.

What about all-around games?

If individual dominance is the measure, a few pitching performances could rise to the level of best game ever. Think Kerry Wood’s 20-strikeout game, Sandy Koufax’s 14-strikeout perfect game, or Max Scherzer’s 17-strikeout no-hitter.

Jim Tobin once threw a complete game on the mound while hitting three home runs at the plate (though he did allow five runs that day). Rick Wise threw a no-hitter on June 23, 1971 – and slugged two home runs himself.

Of course, Ohtani knows something about dominant two-way performances. In a June 27, 2023 start against the White Sox, he struck out 10 while allowing one run in 6 ⅓ innings, all while smacking two home runs and going 3-for-4 at the plate.

But even that performance might pale in comparison to what Ohtani authored during Thursday’s display of dominance.

“I’ve never seen anybody do that even in little leagues,” Lux said. “So it’s crazy that he’s doing that at the highest level.”

(Top photo of Shohei Ohtani ripping a double: Chris Arjoon / Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Fabian Ardaya is a staff writer covering the Los Angeles Dodgers for The Athletic. He previously spent three seasons covering the crosstown Los Angeles Angels for The Athletic. He graduated from Arizona State University’s Walter Cronkite School of Journalism and Mass Communication in May 2017 after growing up in a Phoenix-area suburb. Follow Fabian on Twitter @FabianArdaya

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5781376/2024/09/20/shohei-ohtani-dodgers-best-game-ever/ 
 ----- 
