News
IPL
Features
Fantasy Cricket
Women’s Premier League (WPL)
Interviews
Watch
Social Reactions
FANTASY CRICKET
May 31, 2024 - 7:01 pm
WI vs PNG Prediction, Match 2, T20 World Cup 2024: Gamesys11 Fantasy Cricket Team, West Indies vs Papua New Guinea Tips, Playing XI, Venue, Weather Updates and more
Chandra Moulee Das

WI vs PNG Prediction:The West Indies squad undoubtedly has the edge on paper and looks like the superior side. They are also one of the most successful teams in the history of the tournament and have pedigree on their side. Expect the Windies to start their campaign on a winning note without any surprises. 

WI vs PNG Prediction: Match Details

Tournament: T20 World Cup 2024

Match: West Indies vs Papua New Guinea

Date: June 2, 2024

Time: 8:00 PM IST

Venue: Providence Stadium, Guyana

WI vs PNG Match Preview

The West Indies team and Papua New Guinea will kickstart the proceedings in Group C as both teams face each other on the opening day of the T20 World Cup 2024. Despite a lacklustre performance in the 2022 edition, the Rovman Powell-led side poses a major threat this time around. The Windies, known for their flair and power-hitting, will look to start their campaign with a strong performance.

On the other hand, Papua New Guinea (PNG), the underdogs, are determined to leave a lasting impression on the international stage. With an outstanding record of 14 victories in their last 18 matches, PNG is coming into the tournament strong. Under the dynamic leadership of Assad Vala, PNG will be making their second appearance at the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup.

 

Probable WI vs PNG Playing XI
WI probable Playing XI

Johnson Charles

Brandon King

Shai Hope

Roston Chase

Nicholas Pooran(wk)

Rovman Powell(c)

Andre Russell

Akeal Hosein

Obed McCoy

Alzarri Joseph

Gudakesh Motie

PNG probable Playing XI

Tony Ura

Assad Vala(c)

Lega Siaka

Charles Amini

Sese Bau

Hila Vare

Kiplin Doriga(wk)

Norman Vanua

Kabua Morea

Alei Nao

Chad Soper

Venue and Pitch

The pitch at the Providence Stadium in Guyana is expected to offer equal assistance to both the batters and the bowlers. While a first-innings score in Guyana has been 150, pacers have taken 61.26% of wickets here. The team winning the toss might elect to field first.

Weather Updates

A temperature of around 28°C, with high chances of rain, is forecast.

Top Players for WI vs PNG Gamesys11 Fantasy Cricket Team

Andre Russell: Andre Russell is a popular option for this game. Russell will contribute with both bat and ball. He will fetch ample points.

Rovman Powell: Rovman Powell has impressed in the warm-up match against Australia, scoring 52 runs off 25 balls. His powerful hitting and consistent performances make him a strong candidate for the fantasy team.
Tony Ura: Tony Ura will open the innings and is a decent batter. He can score valuable runs.
Top Captaincy picks

 

Brandon King: Brandon King will open the innings. King knows the conditions well in Guyana. He will enjoy playing against PNG.
Nicholas Pooran: Nicholas Pooran will bat in the middle order. Pooran has an outrageous record in Guyana. His wicketkeeping will also fetch a few points.
Players to avoid

Roston Chase – Roston Chase might not get too many opportunities with the bat or the ball and hence can be excluded for this game. 

Kilpin Doriga: Kilpin Doriga might not be as effective and can be avoided for this game.

WI vs PNG Gamesys11 Fantasy Cricket Team

 

ALSO READ: Ashwin responds after fan calls him out for using wrong Ireland player references in YouTube Video

WI vs PNG Match Prediction

The West Indies squad undoubtedly has the edge on paper and looks like the superior side. They are also one of the most successful teams in the history of the tournament and have pedigree on their side. Expect the Windies to start their campaign on a winning note without any surprises. 

Telegram GroupJoin Now

For more updates, follow CricXtasy on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Telegram and YouTube.

Related posts
HUR vs SIX Dream11 Prediction Today, Match 18, BBL 2024/25 Fantasy Cricket Tips, Team, Playing XI and Pitch Report
Fantasy Cricket
42 minutes ago
SYL vs RAN Dream11 Prediction Today, Match 4, BPL 2024-25 Fantasy Cricket Tips, Team, Playing XI: Bangladesh Premier League
Fantasy Cricket
20 hours ago
STR vs SCO Dream11 Prediction Today, Match 17, BBL 2024/25 Fantasy Cricket Tips, Team, Playing XI and Pitch Report
Fantasy Cricket
a day ago
RAN vs DC BPL Dream11 Prediction Today, Match 2, BPL 2024-25 Fantasy Cricket Tips, Team, Playing XI: Bangladesh Premier League
Fantasy Cricket
30/12/2024
FBA vs DBR Dream11 Prediction Today, Match 1, BPL 2024-25 Fantasy Cricket Tips, Team, Playing XI: Bangladesh Premier League
Fantasy Cricket
30/12/2024
THU vs REN Dream11 Prediction Today, Match 16, BBL 2024/25 Fantasy Cricket Tips, Team, Playing XI and Pitch Report
Fantasy Cricket
30/12/2024
MORE
Register to our daily newsletter
Our biggest stories, delivered to your inbox every day.
Your email
Sign up
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement and to receive marketing and account-related emails from Cricxtasy. You can unsubscribe at any time.
News
IPL
Features
Fantasy Cricket
Women’s Premier League (WPL)
Interviews
Watch
Social Reactions
COPYRIGHT © 2025 - CricXtasy

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cricxtasy.com/fantasy-cricket/wi-vs-png-gamesys11-prediction-match-2-t20-world-cup-2024/ 
 ----- 
