Skip to Main Content
Skip to audio player to listen live
Newsletters
♡
DONATE NOW
Menu
Search
Sign in
Sign up
Sports
The Associated Press
August 28, 2024 5:00 AM
Braves score 4 times in 10th to beat Twins 8-6
Minnesota Twins starting pitcher Simeon Woods Richardson (78) stands on the mound after a 2-run home run by Atlanta Braves' Michael Harris II during the first inning of a baseball game Tuesday, in Minneapolis.Abbie Parr | AP
Save
SHARE

Matt Olson drove in the go-ahead run on a fielder’s choice, Travis d’Arnaud added an RBI single and Ramón Laureano put the game away with a two-run double as the Atlanta Braves scored four times in the 10th inning to beat the Minnesota Twins 8-6 on Tuesday night.

Olson’s grounder to second scored the automatic runner as second baseman Edouard Julien’s throw home wasn’t in time. D’Arnaud and Laureano followed with one-out hits as Atlanta rallied against Minnesota closer Jhoan Duran (6-8).

Duran allowed four runs — three earned — and four hits.

“I’m pretty sure sometime you’re going to have a day like that,” Duran said. "So, it’s not like every day you throw good, you know?”

Turn Up Your Support

MPR News helps you turn down the noise and build shared understanding. Turn up your support for this public resource and keep trusted journalism accessible to all.

♡
DONATE NOW

The Braves, who led 4-0 before the Twins rallied late, won for the eighth time in 10 games. They trail Philadelphia by 6 games in the National League East and hold the final wild-card spot in the NL by 3 1/2 games over the New York Mets.

“That's a good win," Atlanta manager Brian Snitker said. “It was going to be a costly loss, quite honestly. Now, it's a good win.”

Atlanta closer Raisel Iglesias (4-1) blew a save after allowing Trevor Larnach's game-tying RBI double to score an inherited runner with two outs in the eighth. Pierce Johnson allowed two runs in the 10th but struck out Matt Wallner with the tying run at first to end it.

Michael Harris, who was hit on the hand by a pitch on Sunday, returned to the starting lineup for the Braves and homered in the second. Marcell Ozuna added two hits, including a two-run double in the fifth. Ozuna now has 98 RBIs, third in the majors behind New York Yankees outfielder Aaron Judge (122) and Cleveland Guardians third baseman José Ramírez (104).

“We always play the game like a playoff,” said Ozuna. “We always build and prepare for what's next coming up.”

Larnach and Julien had RBI doubles and Wallner added an RBI single in Minnesota's three-run seventh. Larnach had three hits and drove in three runs.

The Twins have lost seven of nine and trail Cleveland and Kansas City by 2 1/2 games in the AL Central. They control the final wild-card spot in the AL by four games over Boston.

“Whether it’s just simply not executing or a little sloppy baseball here or there, whatever it might be, it’s really hard when these games are as valuable as they are,” Minnesota catcher Ryan Jeffers said. “You play clean ball the whole year. For the most part, we’ve been really good when we’re in those situations, when we play super-sound fundamental baseball for most of the whole year. So, it’s really frustrating to have all that happen to us when the games are as important as they are.”

Atlanta's Spencer Schwellenbach started against Minnesota's Simeon Woods Richardson, which marked the most combined letters in the last names of a starting pitching matchup in major league history, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. The 28 letters surpasses 25, which was done four times.

Dorofeyev has 2 goals and an assist, Golden Knights beat the Wild 4-1 for share of NHL lead
Maggie Flaherty's first goal lifts Frost past Victoire 4-2 as Takeover Tour reaches Denver
Marc-Andre Fleury makes 36 saves as the short-handed Wild beat the Sharks 3-1
Newly minted All-Pro Justin Jefferson needs a playoff win with the Vikings next on his list of feats
News you can use in your inbox

When it comes to staying informed in Minnesota, our newsletters overdeliver. Sign-up now for headlines, breaking news, hometown stories, weather and much more. Delivered weekday mornings.

SUBSCRIBE
Terms
Program ScheduleStation Directory
Providing Support for MPR. Learn More
♡
DONATE NOW
About MPR News
Careers
Contact Us
Events
Frequently Asked Questions
Fundraising Credentials
More from MPR
Newsletters
Outages
Press
Privacy
Shop
Staff Directory
Stations
Terms
Why Trust Us
Get the app
Stay Connected to MPR News
© 2025 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved.
Volume
ON AIR
2025 LEGISLATIVE PREVIEW SPECIAL WITH BRIAN BAKST
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mprnews.org/story/2024/08/28/braves-score-4-times-in-10th-to-beat-twins-86 
 ----- 
