Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Football: PSG's Lee upstages misfiring Son as South Korea defeats Bahrain 3-1 Asian Cup opener
SOUTH KOREA

Monday, 15 Jan 2024

9:55 PM MYT

South Korea's team players celebrate with their fans at the end of the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group E football match against Bahrain at the Jassim Hamad Stadium in Doha on Monday, January 15, 2024. - AFP

DOHA (AFP): Paris Saint-Germain's Lee Kang-in upstaged Son Heung-min with two goals as South Korea began their bid for a first Asian Cup since 1960 with a 3-1 win over Bahrain on Monday.

Lee has impressed at PSG since joining from Mallorca last summer and he got Jurgen Klinsmann's side out of trouble in Doha against a spirited Bahrain who equalised early in the second half.

The 22-year-old attacking midfielder showcased his sublime skills with a second-half brace after team-mate Hwang In-beom had opened the scoring before the break.

Tottenham Hotspur talisman Son was guilty of two glaring misses and suffered the indignity of a late yellow card for diving in the Bahrain box.

But Klinsmann will not mind after watching his team make a winning start as they look to end their Asian Cup title drought in Qatar.

The German coach left Wolverhampton Wanderers forward Hwang Hee-chan out of his matchday squad.

Hwang, who has scored 10 goals in the Premier League so far this season, has been struggling with a hip injury.

STARPICKS
A strategic year-end investment for a strong financial 2025

Bayern Munich defender Kim Min-jae was one of two South Korean players booked in the opening 15 minutes, after clattering through the back of Bahrain's Mohamed Mahroon.

The Koreans struggled to find their rhythm and did not create a clear scoring chance until the 30th minute.

Striker Cho Gue-sung made a mess of it, ballooning the ball over the bar with the goal at his mercy.

Hwang broke the deadlock with just over five minutes of the first half remaining, dispatching Lee Jae-sung's low cross with a deft finish.

Bahrain came out for the second half in search of an equaliser and they got one in the 51st minute.

South Korea goalkeeper Kim Seung-gyu parried the ball and Abdullah Al-Hashash was there to slam home the rebound.

Lee restored South Korea's lead five minutes later, collecting a pass outside the box and lashing home a shot with his left foot.

He bagged his second in the 69th minute, dancing through the Bahrain defence before coolly slotting the ball home. - AFP

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!

TAGS / KEYWORDS:
Asian Cup , Football , South Korea , Great Start , 3-1 Win , Bahrain

   
How useful is this article to you?

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Related News
FOOTBALL 24 Dec 2024
Soccer-Thohir determined to take 'sleeping giants' Indonesia back to World Cup
FOOTBALL 09 Dec 2024
Malaysia to face rivals Vietnam in Asian Cup 2027 third-round qualifiers
HOCKEY 28 Nov 2024 
Malaysia thump China for winning start in Asian Junior Cup
Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in AseanPlus

1

CHINA5h ago
Ex China gymnast suffers second social media ban over sexy dance routines

2

CHINA6h ago
Chinese actress Zhao Lusi says she was physically abused and is suffering from depression

3

THAILAND3h ago
Swedish-Korean man charged after high-speed chase in stolen vehicle

4

ASEANPLUS NEWS5h ago
20 months’ pay in year-end bonus for staff at Taiwan shipping giant Evergreen

5

THAILAND4h ago
Senior Thai police officer under scrutiny over training of Chinese volunteers

6

ASEANPLUS NEWS8h ago
'We will give our full cooperation to the authorities', says organisers after death of four revellers during Pinkfish Countdown 2024

7

ASEANPLUS NEWS8h ago
Mandopop sensation G.E.M is real hot - KL concert tickets selling like hot cakes and organisers are increasing the number of...

8

SINGAPORE9h ago
Singaporean woman who threatened to kill husband for allegedly raping her pleads guilty

9

ASEANPLUS NEWS4h ago
River cruise firm gets six-month ban for fireworks despite Seoul request to cancel after Jeju Air tragedy

10

SOUTH KOREA10h ago
South Korea’s Jeju Air crash: pet dog rescued after losing nine family members in disaster
Others Also Read
STARPLUS30 Dec 2024
INTERACTIVE: Malaysia 2025 long weekend guide
TECHNOLOGY1h ago
Former crypto executive Do Kwon due in US court on criminal fraud charges
TECHNOLOGY1h ago
IBM, GlobalFoundries settle lawsuits over contract, trade secrets
FOOTBALL1h ago
Soccer-Xuan Son double gives Vietnam upper hand in Asean Championship final
STARPICKS
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’
OTHER SPORTS1h ago
Ski jumping-Polish ski jumper Stekala comes out as gay
TECHNOLOGY2h ago
Apple to pay $95 million to settle Siri privacy lawsuit
OTHER SPORTS2h ago
Rallying-Sainz chases fifth Dakar win with different car manufacturers
FOOTBALL2h ago
Soccer-Napoli aim to leave rivals behind in Serie A title race
FOOTBALL4h ago
Soccer-Liverpool primed to heap more misery on beleaguered Manchester...
ENTERTAINMENT4h ago
Local composer Lenny Ooi slams Singaporean singer Wang Lei for mocking...
NATION4h ago
Puspakom submits Ayer Keroh crash report to Miros but says it is 'incomplete'
Load More
StarPicks
 
Together We Roar: Honouring connections with fellow ‘Tigers’

Tiger Beer roars into the new year, inspiring consumers to celebrate its supporters through exciting promotions and activations

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2025 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/aseanplus/aseanplus-news/2024/01/15/football-psg039s-lee-upstages-misfiring-son-as-south-korea-defeats-bahrain-3-1-asian-cup-opener 
 ----- 
