quickmenu
search
kcampus
celeb
Newsletter
Subscribe
Free Sample
korea joongAng daily
Sports
Football
Baseball
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Tennis
MMA
Olympic Sports
Esports
More

Monday

January 15, 2024

 dictionary + A - A 
Lee Kang-in double lifts Korea to 3-1 win over Bahrain at Asian Cup
Published: 15 Jan. 2024, 23:07
Updated: 16 Jan. 2024, 17:25
JIM BULLEY
jim.bulley@joongang.co.kr

From left: Cho Gue-sung, Lee Kang-in and Hwang In-beom celebrate during an Asian Cup Group E game against Bahrain at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium in Qatar on Monday. [YONHAP]

 
Korea beat Bahrain 3-1 in the first game of the Asian Cup on Saturday, capitalizing on a few moments of brilliance in a concerningly tepid performance to take the all-important three points.
 
The Taeguk Warriors appeared to struggle from the start in what on paper should have been a very one-sided affair, proving completely unable to adapt to Bahrain’s constant efforts to slow down the game and referee Ma Ning’s trigger-happy approach to bookings.
 

Related Article
Korean players to watch out for during the Asian Cup exodus
Korea 1-0 Iraq in tepid Asian Cup tune-up
Jurgen Klinsmann stamps his final list for AFC Asian Cup
 
Playing without Wolverhampton Wanderers’ Hwang Hee-chan due to injury, Korea started with Cho Gue-sung out in front and Park Yong-woo joining familiar faces Son Heung-min, Lee Kang-in, Lee Jae-sung and Hwang In-beom in midfield.
 
It was a painfully slow start for the Taeguk Warriors, any attempt at a formation falling apart in the face of Bahrain’s stubborn defense and some hefty man-marking on Son and Lee Kang-in.
 
But Korea did eventually break through, Red Star Belgrade’s Hwang In-beom putting the Taeguk Warriors on the scoreboard in the 37th minute, assisted with a long ball across the box from Mainz’s Lee Jae-sung. The oft-overlooked pair remained as solid as ever in the middle of Korea’s defense, standing out again in a game where some of the more lauded players struggled to produce.
 
One person who did not struggle was Paris Saint-Germain’s Lee Kang-in. The young midfielder proved a force to be reckoned with at the top of the second half, hammering in two goals in the space of 12 minutes.
 
Lee’s first came five minutes after Bahrain had tied things up to put the score at 1-1. Receiving the ball a few yards outside the box, Lee took one touch to position himself and then fired a low shot between two defenders and into the bottom left corner of the net to make it 2-1.
 
Lee returned 12 minutes later, hitting almost the exact same spot — this time from the left of the box — to take the score to 3-1.
 
But after that flurry, the wheels came off again. Korea returned to muddling around the midfield for the remainder of the game, failing to get anything meaningful close to the goal and fluffing the few chances they did have.
 
Discipline was also a serious concern. Korea had gained two yellow cards within the first 13 minutes and would go on to receive five throughout the game, with Bahrain taking just two.
 
Some of the blame for that could arguably be laid at the feet of referee Ma, who perhaps appeared to overlook a few more of Bahrain’s offenses, but it remains true that the Bahrain players found it concerningly easy to draw Korea into fouls.
 
Captain Son was another cause for concern. Largely invisible for most of the first half, Son started to take a bigger role in the game in the second, only to miss direct attempts on goal including one where he only had the keeper to beat.
 
Visibly frustrated with his own performance, Son then landed himself a yellow card in the dying frames of the game for a very obvious dive in the box in an attempt to win a last-gasp penalty.
 
More than any one player, though, the biggest issue was a lack of coherence and flexibility in the entire lineup.
 
Today’s Taeguk Warriors ought to be the strongest team that Korea has ever fielded, but they clearly lack experience playing together and are yet to click as a squad. For a team like Bahrain, ranked at No. 86 to Korea’s 23, the approach was obvious and well-executed — disrupt any play in any way possible until you’re left with 11 men on a field, not a single cohesive unit.
 
That’s a trap that Korea falls into easily, and Jurgen Klinsmann will have to work hard this week to ensure the weakness cannot be exploited again.
 
Still, the score is the only thing that matters, and Korea leave Monday’s clash with three points to top Group E as of press time, with Lee Kang-in joining Japan’s Takumi Minamino and Qatar’s Akram Afif at the top of the top scorer board.
 
Korea will be back in action Saturday as they take on Jordan in their second Group E game of the Asian Cup, also broadcast at 8:30 p.m. in Korea.


Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 100.00%
Remaining Time 
-0:25
Fullscreen
BY JIM BULLEY [jim.bulley@joongang.co.kr]
    
 Lee Kang-in Korea Asian Cup Bahrain Son Heung-min Kim Min-jae Hwang In-beom Lee Jae-sung
More in Football

 Sports Ministry refuses to back down on call for Korean football chief to be suspended

 Goalkeeper Song Bum-keun returns to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

 K League sets single-season ticket sales record in 2024

 Kim Ji-soo makes second Premier League appearance in Brentford's loss to Arsenal

 Moon Seon-min joins FC Seoul from Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

Related Stories

 KFA committee recommends firing Jurgen Klinsmann as manager of Korean men's football team

 Son Heung-min, Lee Kang-in back in business as Korea beat Thailand 3-0

 Bento looks to fine-tune Taeguk Warriors in Costa Rica friendly

 Players rally around Klinsmann after Asian Cup loss

 Korea salvage point from disappointing 2-2 draw with Jordan

What’s Popular Now
1
‘He gave his best’: Photo of Jeju Air captain's final efforts before crash draws online condolences
2
'Squid Game' actor Park Sung-hoon apologizes for uploading lewd image on Instagram
3
Espionage in Guam: FBI accuses South Korean of financing North
4
Song Joong-ki halts promotions for film
5
Hyun Bin's 'Harbin' hits 3 million moviegoers in 9 days
6
Police disperse clashing protesters as Yoon's arrest draws near
7
Jeju Air disaster live: Police raid airport, aviation authority and Jeju Air headquarters
8
Rare broadcast sparks speculation over Kim Yo-jong's children
9
[WHY] Why did Yoon declare martial law? Korea's political YouTubers might be to blame.
10
Travel ban slapped on Jeju Air CEO as police investigate deadly plane crash
11
Hermès, LVMH-owned luxury brands to raise prices despite economic woes
12
Families devastated as funerals begin for victims of Jeju Air disaster
13
Police raid multiple sites linked to Jeju Air disaster
14
Korea may face chip talent outflow on Trump expansion of H-1B
15
Shamanism and tattoos: Korean cultural elements in 'Squid Game' season 2 explained
16
KBS faces backlash after staff spotted nailing installations at World Heritage site
17
Celebrities donate to support victims' families of Jeju Air tragedy
18
Fights break out in front of Yoon's residence as YouTubers clash
19
K-pop in 2025: The rookies and acts hyped to make a big splash next year
20
Acting President Choi appoints two justices to Constitutional Court

Korea JoongAng Daily Sitemap 

National

Politics

Social Affairs

North Korea

Diplomacy

Defense

People

Environment

K-campus

Guest Reports

Business

Economy

Industry

Tech

Finance

In-depth

Guest Reports

Culture

Features

Arts & Design

Food & Travel

Life & Style

Books

Korean Heritage

Games & Webtoons

Entertainment

K-pop

Music & Performance

Movies

Television

Ticket

Sports

Football

Baseball

Volleyball

Basketball

Golf

Tennis

MMA

Olympic Sports

Esports

More

Opinion

Editorials

Columns

Meanwhile

Today's Fortune

Cartoons

Letters

Word on the Web

Think English

Current Issues

Bilingual News

Audio News

Readers' Opinion

Journalism Internship
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2024-01-15/sports/football/Lee-Kangin-double-lifts-Korea-to-31-win-over-Bahrain-at-Asian-Cup/1959070 
 ----- 
