Skip to content

Soni Daily Sports

Home
Cricket
Asia Cup 2023
Kits
Tickets
T20 World Cup 2024
Kits
IPL 2024
Team Squad
Chennai Super Kings
Delhi Capitals
Gujarat Titans
Kolkata Knight Riders
Lucknow Super Giants
Mumbai Indians
Punjab Kings
Rajasthan Royals
Sunrisers Hyderabad
Royal Challengers Bangalore
Football
Match Predictions
News
South Korea vs Bahrain Prediction Preview Lineups and Betting Tips | 15 January 2024
January 13, 2024 by soni

The first match of AFC Asian cup 2024 under-23 will be played between South Korea vs Bahrain on January 15, 2024. This match will be played in the stadium Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium Qatar. You can see the South Korea vs Bahrain prediction of who will win the match here.

South Korea vs Bahrain Prediction

AFC Asian cup 2023/24 has started, which team will win today’s match. We will make predictions after the performance of the whole team. Japan team will be the favorite in today’s match, its players and team performance is very excellent. The Japan team is expected to win today’s match.

In today’s match South Korea win chances are 67% while the Bahrain win chances are 33%.

South Korea vs Bahrain prediction: South Korea 3-1 Bahrain

South Korea vs Bahrain Betting Tips
Tip 1: Result – South Korea to win
Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – no
Tip 3: South Koreato score first – Yes

If you want to bet but don’t know which team will win this match which team is favorite for today then sonidailysports will guide you about favorite team.

Qatar team is favorite in today’s match if you want to win by betting then bet on Japan team this team will win the match and your money will double.

Read More: AFC Asian Cup Schedule 2024: Teams, Groups, Venues

South Korea vs Bahrain recent form
South Korea form (all competitions): WWWWW
Bahrain form (all competitions): LLLWWW
South Korea vs Bahrain Betting odds

South Korea to win this match

South Korea vs Bahrain match facts
League: AFC Asian Cup 2023
Venue: Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium
Date: Saturday 15 January 2024
Time: 11:30 am UK
South Korea vs Bahrain possible XI


South Korea predicted lineup: Seung Gyu Kim, Yongwoo Park, Kim Young-Gwon, Seung-Hyun Jung, Young-woo Seol, Ki-Je Lee, Hyun Seok Hong, Hwang In-Beom, Woo-Yeong Jeong, Lee Jae Sung and Hyun Gyu Oh.

Bahrain Predicted lineup:Ebrahim Lutfalla, Abdullah Al Khalasi, Waleed Al Hayam, Amine Benaddi, Adel Mohamed, Mohammed Al Hardan, Komail Al Aswad, Jasim Khelaif, Moses Atede, Ali Madan and Abdullah Al Hashash.

South Korea vs Bahrain preview

Recently, South Korea has been performing exceptionally well in their home matches, winning eight and drawing one out of their last nine top-flight games. They’ve outscored their opponents 15 goals to two during this period. In contrast, Bahrain has struggled in their recent away matches, losing four out of their last five, including one at the same venue where they’ll be playing.

South Korea has been consistently involved in low-scoring matches, with under 3.5 goals in all of their last 20 top-flight games. Bahrain doesn’t match these numbers exactly, but 15 out of their last 16 away matches in the Asian Cup have also seen three or fewer goals.

In 15 out of the last 20 top-flight matches at their home ground, South Korea both scored and conceded goals during the same 90 minutes. Bahrain has a similar trend, with 15 out of their last 15 matches in the Asian Cup featuring goals at both ends before their last match.

South Korea vs Bahrain prediction is not 100% confirmed, itsresponsible for any loss.

Categories
Football, Match Predictions
UAE vs Hong Kong Prediction Preview Lineups and Betting Tips | January 14, 2024
Malaysia vs Jordan Prediction Preview Lineups and Betting Tips | 15 January 2024
Leave a Comment

Comment

Name
Email
Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

© 2025 Soni Daily Sports • Built with GeneratePress
Do you want to receive notifications?
NOT NOW CONTINUE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sonidailysports.com/south-korea-vs-bahrain-prediction-preview/ 
 ----- 
