Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Sign UpLog In
 WATCH NOW
Home
News
Weather
Sports
What's On
KOMU 8 Cares
Career Connect
Site search



Currently in Columbia

36°F 
Partly Cloudy
37°F / 17°F
9 PM
34°F
10 PM
33°F
11 PM
32°F
12 AM
31°F
1 AM
32°F
Once in a blue moon: a trifecta in the Columbia night sky
Mary McCue Bell, Columbia Missourian Aug 30, 2023 
Facebook
Twitter
Email

The waxing moon rises beyond an outfield foul pole during a baseball game between the Kansas City Royals and the Pittsburgh Pirates at Kauffman Stadium Tuesday, Aug. 29, 2023, in Kansas City, Mo. Wednesday's full moon will be a blue supermoon occurring when there are two full moons in the same month and the moon is closer to earth than usual so it appears larger and brighter. 

(AP Photo/Charlie Riedel)
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

The night sky on Aug. 30-31 holds a novelty of occurrences, including a blue moon, a supermoon and one special guest: Saturn.

According to NASA, super blue moons occur every 10 years on average. Around 25% of all full moons are supermoons, but only 3% of full moons are blue moons.

The next super blue moons will occur in January and March of 2037.

"All the above are not unusual, and people have understood the causes for a long time already," said MU Physics and Astronomy Associate Professor Haojing Yan. "But, if one is in the mood of walking out at night to look at the moon, I bet that this will be a good experience. The night sky is always so beautiful and keeps people wonder(ing)."

How to view this event

The full moon will be visible at 8:36 p.m., according to NASA. Saturn will appear above and to the right of the moon as evening twilight ends, around 7:42 p.m.

To see the two celestial bodies compete for attention, the Laws Observatory, located on top of the Astronomy and Physics building at MU, is home to a number of small telescopes. The observatory is open every Wednesday night, with the weather permitting, from 8-10 p.m., except holidays.

"At the observatory, people will probably have a much better chance to see not only the moon but the details of the moon, but also the beautiful ring of Saturn,” said MU Physics and Astronomy Assistant Professor Yicheng Guo.

Other locations to view this super blue moon include the McBaine Burr Oak, otherwise known as Columbia's beloved Big Oak Tree, just off of W. Burr Oak Road.

What is a supermoon?

When the moon's elliptical orbit passes through its closest point to Earth while the moon is full, it is a supermoon, according to NASA.

Daily Headlines

Have the latest local news delivered every morning to start your day informed.

	
Sign up
Manage your lists

Supermoons are a rarity, only occurring three to four times a year. 

During a supermoon, the moon inches just a bit closer to Earth, looking more luminous and larger in appearance by 14%. NASA compares this size difference to a nickel versus a quarter.

The moon will continue to appear full until Friday, and it will be the last evening that Mars will be above the western horizon as evening twilight ends.

What is a blue moon?

According to NASA, there are two definitions for a blue moon: seasonal vs. monthly. This blue moon is a monthly blue moon, which is when a full moon appears twice in the span of one month. This event happens every two to three years.

Will the moon actually look visibly blue? As exciting as that would be, no. The pearly-gray sphere only appears blue when small particles in the air like smoke or dust overpower red wavelengths of light.

What's special about Saturn tonight?

Saturn will be 5 degrees to the upper right of the moon, appearing to circle clockwise around the moon as the night trudges on, according to NASA. The ringed planet just celebrated its closest and brightest day of the year Sunday.

"I will probably just walk out of my house to look at the moon," said Guo. "I have a small binocular, and I can use that to look at the moon. You can see the craters and surface of moon ... It will be a good chance to look at Saturn as well."

NASA’s interactive Daily Moon Guide is available for observing the moon each day of the year.

To report an error or typo, email news@komu.com.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
MORE INFORMATION
How to see the Geminids meteor shower in Columbia's night sky

One of the best meteor showers of the year peaks Wednesday night and early Thursday. Here's what to know. 

Tags
Blue Moon Supermoon Saturn Laws Observatory Super Blue Moon The Laws Observatory Astronomy Physics Meteorology
Moberly issues precautionary boil advisory
2 hrs ago
Police identify suspect in deadly assault at Fulton State Hospital
Jan 10, 2025
+2
Gov. Mike Parson and first lady Teresa Parson say farewell to Missourians
Jan 10, 2025
1:19
Capitol police detail security plans for Kehoe inauguration following lawmaker concerns
Jan 10, 2025
1:21
UPDATE: Troop F responds to over 100 calls on Friday
Jan 10, 2025
Pettis County announces over $900,000 in infrastructure grants
Jan 10, 2025


Most Popular
 Articles
MoDOT reveals road closures due to incoming winter weather
No injuries reported after garage filled with antique cars catches fire
Storm Mode: Tracking a winter storm across Missouri
Couple sues Osage Beach over panhandling law
LIVE BLOG: Columbia Public Schools closed Wednesday
'Ice ducks' appear on Boone Health campus
Winter storm hits Mid-Missouri, causing power outages in multiple counties
Here's what you need to know: Monday, Jan. 6
Forecast: Snow moves in tonight
Man charged with three counts of child sex crimes in Callaway County
Sections
News
Sports
Weather
Traffic
Community Calendar
What's On
KOMU 8 Cares
Contests
Multimedia
Services
Promote Your Event
Pay An Invoice
Search
Weather
FCC Public Information
FCC Online Public Inspection File
FCC Applications
Contact Information
KOMU.com
5550 Hwy 63 S
Columbia, MO 65201
Phone: 573-882-8888
Email: news@komu.com

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
© Copyright 2025 KOMU 8 5550 Hwy 63 S, Columbia, MO  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.komu.com/news/midmissourinews/once-in-a-blue-moon-a-trifecta-in-the-columbia-night-sky/article_48514234-1acd-5d64-bf51-e7c6507d986c.html 
 ----- 
