Sunday, January 12, 2025, 4:40PM |   29°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
4
MORE
Andre Jackson stands out for the Pirates (in a good way) as Pittsburgh beats Kansas City
 
JASON MACKEY
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
jmackey@post-gazette.com
 AUG 31, 2023 2:45 AM
41

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Andre Jackson likes to joke that he has a rebellious streak.

His parents, Michelle and Tim, were both in the Air Force. So growing up, he always sported a high fade. In college, his coach at Utah, Bill Kinneberg, prohibited players from having facial air. In the pros, it’s been much different. Jackson’s last haircut came five or six years ago. He doesn’t remember the last time he shaved.

“It’s kind of my personality now,” Jackson said.

One that’s worth discussing further after what Jackson did on Wednesday during a 4-1 victory against the Royals at Kauffman Stadium, delivering 5 2/3 innings of one-run ball while striking out a career-high seven to earn his first MLB win.

 
Jason Mackey
In a pinch: With ninth-inning homer, Josh Palacios delivers unlikely win for Pirates

The strong performance helped to carry the Pirates to a series sweep, their first since late June and sixth of the season. Pittsburgh ran its record to 61-73 overall and 20-19 in the last 39 following a five-game losing streak out of the All-Star break.

"I just tried to get ahead of guys and battle," Jackson said. "Definitely excited about it."

Bryan Reynolds and Jack Suwinski had similar nights in that they each collected two nights and crushed 436-foot homers. Vinny Capra also knocked in a run, his first in the big leagues. But the night belonged to Jackson, who has been one of the Pirates’ better and more unique stories this season.

The Pirates acquired Jackson for cash considerations from the Dodgers on June 25 and optioned him to Triple-A Indianapolis. A starter throughout the minors, Jackson pitched seven games in the big leagues with Los Angeles, gave up 13 earned runs and was deemed expendable.

In Pittsburgh, the Pirates have found success by affording Jackson ample opportunity. To do damn near everything. He has started, pitched in the middle of games and late. Short spurts and long ones. Lately, however, Jackson has boomeranged back to starting.

Now, the defying convention angle: It marks the third time this year Jackson has made the transition from reliever to starter again.

“Give me the ball,” Jackson said on Aug. 4, the day the Pirates activated him, “and I’ll get some outs.”

 
Adam Bittner
Pirates analytics trends: Ke'Bryan Hayes' power numbers are reason to believe this time is different

True to his word, that’s exactly what Jackson has done since putting on a Pirates uniform. After five scoreless frames out of the bullpen, he made his first big league start on Aug. 13, allowing three runs in 3 2/3 innings.

In his last outing, Jackson followed Rob Zastryzny and wound up giving the Pirates six innings of two-run ball.

"He's really run with it," Pirates manager Derek Shelton said. "He's been aggressive. He's pitched in different roles. He's taken the ball, and he's gone right after people.”

As the Pirates have gotten to know Jackson, they’ve implored him to use his changeup more — and he has. The movement on the pitch is outstanding. It plays well off of his fastball. Jackson also throws two breaking balls, and his slider has become a tremendous weapon for him in Pittsburgh.

That combination helped Jackson open Wednesday’s game by striking out five consecutive Royals, becoming the first Pirate since Bruce Kison (June 28, 1979 vs. Expos) to do that. In fact, all seven of his strikeouts came in the first three innings.

"My plan was to go after guys," Jackson said. "Once I got to two strikes, I was able to put them away."

Jackson maybe could have gone deeper in the game, but Pirates manager Derek Shelton wanted to go left-on-left with a man on and left fielder MJ Melendez batting in the sixth. Ryan Borucki entered and got the inning-ending strikeout before Thomas Hatch, Colin Holderman and David Bednar took this one across the finish line.

In the end, it was another stellar outing for Jackson, who now has a 2.92 ERA in six games (three starts) with the Pirates, walking seven and striking out 27 in 24 2/3 innings.

Opponents are hitting just .193 against Jackson, who also has a 0.97 WHIP, a role that has suddenly crystallized and a thoroughly unique look — hair everywhere.

“It’s natural for me now,” Jackson said. “I grew out the beard to where I don’t have to trim it all the time. Same with the hair. Less haircuts, less maintenance. It’s just brushing the hair and beard out. Maybe I’ll wind up with a Head & Shoulders deal. That would be great.”

AT THE PLATE

Another strong night from Reynolds began with some thunder, as the Pirates left fielder deposited a mistake slider from Royals starter Angel Zerpa into the left-field seats in the first inning. Reynolds blasted the hanging 2-2 pitch 436 feet at 109.8 mph for his 19th long ball of the season.

It was also Reynolds’ 16th extra-base hit in August, which ranked sixth in the National League, while his 16 RBIs this month were second only to Ke’Bryan Hayes’ 20 on the Pirates.

The Pirates stretched their lead to 3-0 by stringing together three consecutive hits to open the second inning. Capra went down and got a 2-0 fastball and drove it into the left-field corner for a run-scoring double. Jack Suwinski followed by bouncing a 1-0 sinker up the middle, a rare hit against a left-handed pitcher.

Suwinski had a much bigger swing in the seventh when he cranked an 0-1 sinker that was down to straightaway center field. It was his first homer in 29 games — since July 24. Suwinski entering the game hitting just .119 during that stretch with a 36% strikeout rate.

"It’s challenging to do everything you can and do everything I did and go through tough stretches," Suwinski said. "I t was great having the staff and players carry me and help me and keep my head up. That was a big part of it."

LINE IT UP

The Pirates’ lineup offered a couple of interesting wrinkles.

Endy Rodriguez caught for the third game in a row, as Jason Delay was wearing some of sort of wrap on his left hand before the game. Delay did pick up Rodriguez when he made the last out of the first inning.

Hayes was not in the starting lineup the day before an off-day, but Shelton said postgame that it was a predetermined rest day.

QUOTABLE

“We got to see Jack smile. I think that was a really good thing.” — Shelton on Suwinski

UP NEXT

The Pirates are off Thursday before a weekend series against the Cardinals at Busch Stadium. Pittsburgh is 7-3 against St. Louis this season. Mitch Keller (2.16 ERA in his last four outings) will start.

Jason Mackey: jmackey@post-gazette.com and Twitter @JMackeyPG.

First Published: August 31, 2023, 2:45 a.m.
Updated: August 31, 2023, 12:30 p.m.

Jason Mackey covered the Penguins (2016-19) and Pirates (2019-2024) at the Post-Gazette before becoming a columnist in April 2024. He is a graduate of Westminster College.
  jmackey@post-gazette.com
  @JMackeyPG
 RELATED
 
Jason Mackey
Analysis: Ke'Bryan Hayes, Johan Oviedo and five encouraging trends for the Pirates in August
 
Jason Mackey
'We got to see Jack smile': Pirates, Suwinski celebrate slugger's return to form against Royals
 
Associated Press
Bryce Harper hits 300th homer, going deep against the Los Angeles Angels' Matt Moore
 
Jason Mackey
Analysis: Pirates could address starting pitching needs with intriguing waiver claim
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' talk of fixing long-standing problems rings hollow one last time
NEWS
Pittsburgh closes these 6 steep streets during snowstorms. What are they like?
A&E
'We want him home': Team of over 50 artists creates a portrait of Pittsburgh-area Marc Fogel
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
2
SPORTS
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:19am  Ray Fittipaldo
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' talk of fixing long-standing problems rings hollow one last time
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 6:01am  Gerry Dulac
5
BUSINESS
Pittsburgh’s midrange real-estate market is flourishing. The age of homes is a factor.
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:30am  Tim Grant
AP
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' talk of fixing long-standing problems rings hollow one last time
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
From The Point: Alex Nedeljkovic uses this unconventional training tool to navigate NHL traffic jams
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2023/08/30/andre-jackson-pirates-royals-pittsburgh-mlb-jack-suwinski-bryan-reynolds/stories/202308290060 
 ----- 
