Sunday, January 12, 2025, 4:38PM |   29°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
3
MORE
Fenway Sports Group is reportedly taking over AT&T SportsNet, adding to uncertainty for Pittsburgh broadcasts
 
MATT VENSEL
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
mvensel@post-gazette.com
 AUG 28, 2023 2:13 PM
50

Penguins fans in the Pittsburgh area will still be able to watch their favorite hockey team on TV this fall. But with the start of the NHL season just six weeks away, the team remains tight-lipped on what those broadcasts will look like.

Fenway Sports Group has reportedly reached a deal with Warner Bros. Discovery Sports that will allow the Penguins’ ownership group to take over AT&T SportsNet Pittsburgh and keep Penguins games on TV in the local market.

Sports Business Journal reported Monday that FSG is expected to close the deal with Warner Bros. Discovery Sports “within the next several weeks.”

Fenway Sports Group already co-owns a regional sports network in NESN, the TV home of the Boston Red Sox, another high-profile FSG sports property. It is not currently clear whether the Penguins and NESN intend to produce Penguins broadcasts or if the games will be aired on another entity.

 
Matt Vensel
Penguins will bring three more NHL veterans to training camp on tryout agreements

The Penguins acknowledged Monday that they were in discussions with Warner Bros. Discovery and NESN but did not offer specifics on their plans. 

“With the recent changes at AT&T SportsNet Pittsburgh, Warner Bros. Discovery, the Pittsburgh Penguins and NESN have been working collaboratively to ensure that fans have access to their favorite teams this fall,” read a joint statement from the Penguins, NESN and ATTSNP. “Discussions are progressing well, and we expect exciting news in the coming weeks.”

Significant changes are likely coming to Penguins broadcasts this season.

Under the umbrella of AT&T SportsNet Pittsburgh, the Penguins over the past 17 years have consecutively finished at or near the top of the NHL’s local TV ratings. The AT&T SportsNet broadcast team features play-by-play man Steve Mears, longtime color analyst Bob Errey and popular in-game reporter Dan Potash.

However, since purchasing the Penguins in November 2021, Fenway Sports Group has decisively put its stamp on the Penguins at virtually all levels.

The Penguins are scheduled to open the 2023-24 regular season Oct. 10. So they will presumably reveal their plans for local TV broadcasts soon.

The future of AT&T SportsNet Pittsburgh, a staple in the homes of local sports fans for nearly four decades, has been uncertain for the past several months.

 
Stephen Whyno
Former Penguins winger Carl Hagelin retires from the NHL because of an eye injury

The regional sports network, which is the exclusive home of the Penguins and the Pirates, launched in 1986 and underwent several name changes over the last 37 years, from KBL to Fox Sports Pittsburgh to its current name in 2017.

In February, Warner Bros. Discovery told professional sports teams that it planned to exit the regional sports network business, which cast doubt on the future of local TV broadcasts for both the Penguins and the Pirates. With cord-cutting impacting cable TV, other regional sports networks are also in jeopardy.

AT&T SportsNet Pittsburgh has continued to air Pirates games locally. The Pirates, with their season ongoing, don’t have the same level of urgency as the Penguins. When the current MLB season ends, the Pirates will sort out their situation.

The Pirates essentially have two options. They could remain with the NESN model, providing programming in exchange for a to-be-determined payout and a direct-to-consumer streaming option that ownership has long sought. Or they could branch off and rely on MLB to produce and distribute games.

According to Pirates sources, the first week of October was believed to be an important week in this discussion. At the same time, once the regular season ends, they really don’t need to make a decision until planning for spring training 2024 begins. The sticking point: how much the Pirates would stand to benefit and whether they could get anywhere close to their previous TV deal, believed to be worth between $50-$60 million annually.

“NESN would be a great partner,” Pirates owner Bob Nutting told the Post-Gazette in July. “They’re very competent. I have a lot of respect for Fenway Sports Group. I’ve been friends with [founders] John [Henry] and Tom [Werner] for a long time. That easily could work out.

“Major League Baseball also has a really solid platform, and that could work. What we want to do is pick the right partner to ensure we’re getting high-quality broadcasts and programming out to our fans on as many platforms as possible.”

Pirates reporter Jason Mackey contributed to this report.

First Published: August 28, 2023, 2:13 p.m.
Updated: August 29, 2023, 2:05 p.m.

Matt Vensel has been on the Penguins beat at the Post-Gazette since 2018. Prior to that, he covered the NFL and other pro sports in Baltimore and Minnesota. He is a graduate of Penn State and Towson University.
  mvensel@post-gazette.com
  @mattvensel
 RELATED
 
Jason Mackey
'We got to see Jack smile': Pirates, Suwinski celebrate slugger's return to form against Royals
 
Jason Mackey
Analysis: Ke'Bryan Hayes, Johan Oviedo and five encouraging trends for the Pirates in August
 
Adam Bittner
Fenway Sports Group's pending takeover of AT&T SportsNet: The good and bad for Penguins, Pirates fans
 
Matt Vensel
Matt Vensel's Penguins mailbag: Erik Karlsson's uncertain fit on the power play, goalie questions and working out with Kris Letang
 
Andrew Destin
Pirates farm director John Baker discusses trio of prized pitchers, prospects on the rise
 
Jason Mackey
How the Pirates are seeking to expand access, leverage TV rights
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' talk of fixing long-standing problems rings hollow one last time
NEWS
Pittsburgh closes these 6 steep streets during snowstorms. What are they like?
A&E
'We want him home': Team of over 50 artists creates a portrait of Pittsburgh-area Marc Fogel
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
2
SPORTS
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:19am  Ray Fittipaldo
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' talk of fixing long-standing problems rings hollow one last time
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 6:01am  Gerry Dulac
5
BUSINESS
Pittsburgh’s midrange real-estate market is flourishing. The age of homes is a factor.
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:30am  Tim Grant
(Benjamin B. Braun/Post-Gazette)
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Gerry Dulac: Steelers' talk of fixing long-standing problems rings hollow one last time
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
From The Point: Alex Nedeljkovic uses this unconventional training tool to navigate NHL traffic jams
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/penguins/2023/08/28/fenway-sports-group-att-sportsnet-pittsburgh-penguins-pirates/stories/202308280055 
 ----- 
