Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
TELEVISION NEWS
Uruguay vs. Bolivia LIVE STREAM (6/27/24): Watch Copa America online | Time, USA TV, channel
Updated: Jul. 01, 2024, 9:57 a.m.|Published: Jun. 27, 2024, 5:00 p.m.

Uruguay's Darwin Nunez celebrates after scoring his side's 2nd goal against Panama during a Copa America Group C soccer match in Miami Gardens, Fla, Sunday, June 23, 2024.(AP Photo/Marta Lavandier)AP Photo/Marta Lavandier

By Ben Axelson | baxelson@syracuse.com

Uruguay faces Bolivia in a 2024 Copa America group stage match on Thursday, June 27, 2024 (6/27/24) at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey.

LATEST: Don’t miss the crucial final match of the group stage when USA and Uruguay clash on Monday, 7/1.

Fans can watch the match via a subscription to Sling, or free trials of fuboTV or DirecTV Stream.

Here’s what you need to know:

What: Copa America, group stage

Who: Uruguay vs. Bolivia

When: Thursday, June 27, 2024 (6/27/2024)

Time: 9 p.m. ET

Where: MetLife Stadium, East Rutherford, New Jersey

TV: FS2, TUDN, Univision

Channel finder: Verizon Fios, Xfinity, Spectrum, Optimum/Altice, Cox, DirecTV

Live stream: fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV Stream (free trial), Sling (half off first month), Hulu + Live TV, YouTube TV

Here is the rest of the schedule for Matchday 2 of the Copa America:

Thursday, 6/27, Panama vs. USA, 6 p.m. ET
Thursday, 6/27, Uruguay vs. Bolivia, 9 p.m. ET
Friday, 6/28, Colombia vs. Costa Rica, 6 p.m. ET
Friday, 6/28, Paraguay vs. Brazil, 9 p.m. ET
NEW USERS
TOP OFFER
Bet $5, Get $150 in Bonus Bets
Claim Now
T&C’s apply.
How to claim
21+ and physically present in NY. For help with a gambling problem call 1-877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369).

Here’s a recent soccer story, via the AP:

MIAMI GARDENS, Fla. (AP) — Maximiliano Araújo scored when he sent a long-range shot into the top far corner in the 16th minute, Darwin Núñez and Matías Viña added late goals and Uruguay beat Panama 3-1 on Sunday night in its Copa America opener.

Seeking a record 16th Copa America title, Uruguay dominated with 20 shots, including seven on target. Amir Murillo scored late into stoppage time for Panama.

The match drew 33,425 to Hard Rock Stadium, home of the NFL’s Miami Dolphins. The stadium is the site of the July 14 final and seven games during the 2026 World Cup.

The United States defeated Bolivia 2-0 in Sunday’s earlier Group C game at Arlington, Texas.

Uruguay plays Bolivia at East Rutherford, New Jersey, on Thursday, when Panama faces the U.S. in Atlanta. The group ends July 1 with a U.S.-Uruguay game at Kansas City, Missouri, and a Panama-Bolivia match in Orlando, Florida. The top two teams move on to the quarterfinals.

Uruguay is tied with Argentina for a record 15 Copa America titles but hasn’t advanced past the quarterfinals since winning its last championship in 2011.

Panama failed to get past the group phase in 2016, its only previous appearance as a guest at South America’s championship.

“I think we were too cautious in front of this team,” Panama coach Thomas Christiansen said through an interpreter. “At some points we had a certain level of fear. The second half was a bit different. We had opportunities. We played a bit higher and did well. That’s what I told the players. Even though we lost against one of the favorite contenders, we are a team that remains eager.”

Araújo scored the first goal after he received a pass from Viña from just outside the penalty area, took a touch and turned. He tapped the ball twice and curled a left-footed shot past goalkeeper Orlando Mosquera’s outstretched left arm for his second goal in nine international appearances.

Núñez made it 2-0 in the 85th minute after Panama turned over the ball in the center circle. Nicolás de la Cruz played a long cross to Araújo, whose header deflected off a shoulder of Murillo to Núñez. He volleyed from 12 yards for his 12th goal in 24 appearances, his ninth in his last six matches.

Viña boosted the margin to 3-0 with a header from de la Cruz’s free kick in the first minute of stoppage time, outjumping defender Abdiel Ayarza for his first international goal.

Murrillo cut back the ball for space in the fourth minute of stoppage time, sending Araújo spinning, and beat goalkeeper Sergio Rochet from 15 yards in the fourth minute of stoppage time for his ninth goal.

Uruguay has undergone a rebuilding process under Argentine coach Marcelo Bielsa after the retirement of Edinson Cavani and Diego Godín, and a young roster has shown its ability to contend. Uruguay beat Lionel Messi and Argentina and also Brazil in World Cup qualifiers, then routed Mexico 4-0 in a friendly early in June.

“It’s only natural that they are candidates for the title,” Bielsa said through an interpreter of Argentina, a team he coached from 1999 to 2004. “As for Uruguay’s expectations, we will see that and build it match by match. My expectation is that each match increasingly helps us to improve on our mistakes.”

Mosquera made four saves to keep the game close until late.

Luis Suárez, the 37-year-old striker who is Uruguay’s career leading scorer and was the player of the tournament in 2011, did not play.

WATCH YOUR FAVORITE TEAMS
Syracuse basketball TV schedule 2024-25: Where to watch live streams of Orange basketball
Where to watch MSG Network without cable in 2024
Best WNBA Finals streaming options: How to watch Liberty vs. Lynx, Sabrina Ionescu live for FREE
MLB World Series 2024 results: Dodgers beat Yankees in 5 games, more postseason scores
NFL Slimetime 2024 on Nickelodeon: How to watch season premiere with Nate Burleson for free

What is DirecTV Stream?

DirecTV Stream is a comprehensive internet TV service that offers your favorite entertainment, news and sports channels, as well as local TV stations and regional sports networks. It’s the only choice for fans who want full access to local, televised sports. DirecTV Stream Choice includes 125+ channels, unlimited DVR storage and thousands of on-demand titles starting at just $98.99 per month.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About Us
Photo and Page Reprints
Advertise with us
Jobs at Advance Media New York
Contact Us
Newspaper Archives
Frequently Asked Questions
Accessibility Statement
Submit letter, commentary
Subscriptions
syracuse.com
syracuse.com Orange Sports Insider
The Post-Standard
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
syracuse.com Sections
News
Weather
Business
Sports
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Living
Opinion
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Mobile
Tablet Apps
iPhone, Android apps
More on syracuse.com
Videos
Sitemap
Sponsor Content
Archives
Sell your car
Post a job
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Follow Us
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.syracuse.com/tv/2024/06/uruguay-vs-bolivia-live-stream-62724-watch-copa-america-online-time-usa-tv-channel.html 
 ----- 
