MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION
LeBron James has third straight triple-double as Lakers rally for 128-123 victory over Grizzlies
Published Nov. 14, 2024 1:17 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

LeBron James had 35 points, 14 assists and 12 rebounds for his third straight triple-double and the Los Angeles Lakers rallied to beat the Memphis Grizzlies 128-123 on Wednesday night.

Memphis
Grizzlies
123
FINAL
128
Los Angeles
Lakers
MEM +7.5 OVER 232.5

Anthony Davis scored 11 of his 21 points in the fourth quarter. He picked up his fifth foul with 3:51 remaining in the third quarter, then came back in with 6:48 left and hit a couple of pivotal baskets, including a 3-pointer with 4:51 remaining to put Los Angeles up for good at 111-108.

James was 13 of 22 from the field, hitting 4 of 7 3-pointers.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Jaren Jackson Jr. had 29 points for Memphis, which had a three-game winning streak snapped.

Rookie Dalton Knecht and Rui Hachimura added 19 points apiece for the Lakers.

The Lakers trailed 96-91 at the end of three quarters before starting the quarter with a 10-2 run. The lead would change hands three more times before the 3-pointer by Davis, who also had 14 rebounds.

Takeaways
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026?...
Save money with a 0% intro APR credit card for up to 18...
NerdWallet|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
Relax In Style
Breezy chambray, intricate embroidery, and luxurious silk come together in our latest resort arrivals, perfect for sun-filled escapes and dreamy getaways.
Johnny Was|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Grizzlies: Memphis had seven players in double figures for the fourth straight game. Marcus Smart returned after missing six games due to ankle injury and had 14 points.

Lakers: Los Angeles is 6-0 at home for the first time since the 2010-11 season.

Key moment

Davis reached 18,000 career points with a layup at the 7:51 mark of the first quarter. He is the 80th player in NBA history to reach that milestone as well as the 12th to also have at least 7,000 rebounds and 1,500 blocks since 1973-74.

Key stat

The Lakers made a season-high 20 3-pointers. Knecht made all five of his shots from beyond the arc.

Up next

Both teams have NBA Cup games on Friday night. The Grizzlies are at Golden State. and the Lakers travel to San Antonio.

Reporting by The Associated Press.

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

SHARE
NBA TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
Get more from National Basketball Association
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
FOLLOW
IN THIS TOPIC
National Basketball Association
LeBron James
Dalton Knecht
NBA - Memphis Grizzlies vs. Los Angeles Lakers - 11/14/2024
SPONSORED CONTENT
Utah Drivers Are Furious After Discovering Hidden Discounts...
The Sneaky Way Drivers Are Cutting Their Car Insurance Bills in Half
Penny Pincher
|
Sponsored
Most People Don't Wash New Clothes Before Wearing Them
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Here's an Estimated Price for a 1-Day Walk-in Shower
HomeBuddy
|
Sponsored
Never Wear New Clothes Before Washing, Here's Why
Earth Breeze
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary advisors.
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Finally Legal: It's like a Vaccine for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
Finally Legal: It's like a Norco for Chronic Joint & Back Pain
Natures Healing Relief
|
Sponsored
No more frequent finger pricks to test blood sugar！
sherum
|
Sponsored
Learn More
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/nba/lebron-james-has-third-straight-triple-double-lakers-rally-128-123-victory-over-grizzlies 
 ----- 
