English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: India vs South Africa - Who will win T20 match between India and South Africa?

T20 World Cup 2022: India vs South Africa - Who will win T20 match between India and South Africa?
The pitch at Perth Stadium has produced low and moderate-scoring games so far and it is expected to do the same on Sunday.

RITESH PATHAK
Author

Updated - 28 Oct 2022 05:13 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 30 October 2022
Time : 04:30 PM IST
Venue : Perth Stadium, Perth
Ball-by-ball commentary : SportsTiger App

Preview

India and South Africa will lock horns in the 30th match of the T20 World Cup 2022 at the Perth Stadium. Both teams are currently seated at the top two positions in Group 2 and are being touted as the two semifinalists from Group 2 as well. Both teams have remained undefeated so far in the tournament, but this game will change that (if rain does not play a spoilsport). It is expected to be a cracker of a game considering the firepower both teams have. 

Pitch Report

The pitch at Perth Stadium has produced low and moderate-scoring games so far and it is expected to do the same on Sunday. Batters will have to toil hard for runs with bowlers getting some assistance. Both pacers and spinners will enjoy their time here. 

Team Analysis

India 

India have won the two games they have played so far. While they defeated arch-rivals in their opening fixture, India eased past the Netherlands in their second game. There have been decent performances from almost everyone. While it was Virat Kohli, Hardik Pandya, and Arshdeep Singh in the first game, Rohit Sharma and Suryakumar Yadav also joined in the game against the Netherlands. The only concern that remains for India is the consecutive failures of the opening pair, especially KL Rahul. The batter has not got going at all. If India are to win the title, they need Rahul to fire. It looks the only weak link for the Men in Blue at the moment. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of India

KL Rahul, Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik, Axar Patel, R Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Arshdeep Singh, Mohammed Shami

South Africa

South Africa were as clinical as it could be. The Proteas defeated Bangladesh by a massive 104 runs. It was all about Rilee Rossouw who scored his second T20I century. The southpaw showed great temperament to convert his start into a big inning. Quinton de Kock was also terrific during his stay at the crease as the wicketkeeper batter scored a half-century. With the ball, South Africa found their hero in Anrich Nortje who rattled Bangladesh’s top order. Then came Tabraiz Shamsi who sent the middle-order packing. Keshav Maharaja and Kagiso Rabada also did a good job to contain the flow of runs. However, Temba Bavuma’s poor form still remains a concern for South Africa. It will be interesting to see if Bavuma redeems himself or his struggles continue. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of South Africa

Temba Bavuma, Quinton de Kock, Rilee Rossouw, Aiden Markram, David Miller, Tristan Stubbs, Keshav Maharaj, Wayne Parnell, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Tabraiz Shamsi

Match Prediction

  


Conclusion

India looks in great rhythm after two wins in two matches. South Africa might be on cloud nine after that massive win over Bangladesh, but it will be a completely different challenge against India. So, the Men in Blue will be the favourites to win Sunday’s clash. 

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

05 January 2025

3 Reasons why India lost BGT 2024-25

05 January 2025

Worst Playing XI of BGT 2024-25

05 January 2025

Five big moments from BGT 2024-25

05 January 2025

We need to end superstar culture: Irfan Pathan rips into Virat Kohli after poor showing vs Australia in BGT 2024-25

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/t20-world-cup-2022-ind-vs-sa-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-t20-world-cup-match-between-india-and-south-africa-win-prediction-ind-vs-sa-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
