 (237) 222 30 41 47  info@cameroon-tribune.cm  Contact Us
8:23:38 PM Thursday, January 2, 2025
Sports
Home Details
2026 World Cup African Qualifiers : Libya-Cameroon Tussle For Leadership
By Dilian WELLENG 21 Nov. 2023 12:06 0 Likes 
  

After taking the top seat in Group D thanks to a superior goal difference, the Lions are hoping for a second win in the second playing day at the Benina Martyrs Stadium, Benghazi today.

Today November 21, 2023, Cameroon takes on Libya at the Benina Martyrs Stadium in Benghazi as from 5 p.m. It is within the framework of the second playing day of the 2026 World Cup African qualifiers. The duo all had an impressive start in the qualifiers. Cameroon won Mauritius 3-0 to take the lead in Group D thanks to a superior goal difference. On the other hand, Libya equally succeeded to win Eswatini 1-0. It is thus going to be a tough fight between the two countries that are not new to each other. Today’s game is going to be the seventh confrontation between both teams in the history of the World Cup qualifiers. So far, the figures speak in favour of Cameroon with four wins, one draw and one defeat.
Going by the October FIFA ranking, Libya (126th) is a tougher opponent than Mauritius (177th). Pundits said despite the win, Cameroon put up a performance seemingly below standards against Mauritius and will have to make serious amends to go pass Libya. 
At the goalpost, the Cameroon Football Federation officially announced that André Onana who limped off the pitch about 10 minutes to the end of the game against Mauritius, will not play the game against Libya due to injury. Fabrice Ondoa, who came in to finish the dying moments of the game against Mauritius, will probably be a starter against Libya.
The defence compartment, though with no major threat, received a pass mark in the game against Mauritius. Behold, a new master of the central defence should have been discovered in the person of Oumar Gonzalez. The pair Castelletto and Wooh once more proved that they get on well with each other.  
The Zambo Anguissa-led midfield was on average as they failed to accelerate play and give enough balls to the attack in the game again...

THIS ARTICLE IS FOR SUBSCRIBERS ONLY

Already subscribed? Identify yourself >

Unlimited access to Cameroon Tribune Digital from 26,250 FCFA
I subscribe
1 minute is enough to subscribe to Cameroon Tribune Digital!
 Want to know more?
Your special cameroon-tribune issue in digital version
Inserts
Exclusive calls for tenders
Preview (access 24 hours before publication)
Editions available on all media (smartphone, tablets, PC)
Like 
 Share on :   
Reactions
Comments
List is empty.
Lead a Comment
FIRSTNAME*
EMAIL*
PHONE
MESSAGE
Send
Same category
MTN Elite One : Colombe leader
02 Janv. 2025 09:43
CAN 2025 : le Cameroun y sera
30 Déc. 2024 12:53
« Une année marquée par des performances contrastées »
30 Déc. 2024 12:51
On News Stands  Subscribe



Most Viewed
Iric : voici le nouveau directeur
 32
Douala : bientôt un complexe hôtelier à Bali
 76
Mère a 62 ans: elle rentre dans l'histoire
 26
Gendarmerie nationale : rideau sur la saison sportive
 46
Education: Second Term, A Crucial Bend!
 68
Your special cameroon-tribune issue in digital version
I subscribe
Download the Cameroon-Tribune app
Cameroon Tribune
Route de l'aéroport BP/PO Box : 1218 Yaoundé Cameroun.
(237) 222 30 41 47
info@cameroon-tribune.cm
Journal
Subscription
Mobile Apps
Our partners
Personnalities
Journalists
Photo Gallery
Folder
National dialog
 Contact Us
Digital ecosystem of SOPECAM
Archives
SOPECAM
Imprimerie SOPECAM
Cameroon Business Today
Cameroon Insider
Boutique SOPECAM
NYANGA
Weekend Sports et Loisirs
Éditions SOPECAM
READ NEWSPAPER
Presidential Politics Economy Society Culture Sports International Editorial Regions
Copyright@2025 cameroon-tribune. Terms and Policies | Advertising | Contact | Dévises
Designed by Inovtech Inc.

Free Activator 2024 With kmspico, you can activate absolutely any version of Windows or Office. More detailed information is available on our website kmspico.blog

kmspico.vc

кракен ссылка кракен ссылка кракен ссылка
Les utilisateurs du Cameroun peuvent accéder aux jeux en ligne Aviator, Crazy Time, JetX sur le site officiel de 4rabet. La plateforme est disponible en anglais et en français. Inscrivez-vous et connectez-vous pour obtenir des bonus. Our Partner: Royal Reels Australia. fortune rabbit demo grátis
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cameroon-tribune.cm/article.html/61535/fr.html/2026-world-cup-african-qualifiers-libya-cameroon-tussle 
 ----- 
