HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

FIFA WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS

Libya vs Cameroon: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
November 19, 2023 at 4:32 PM
Modified at :
November 19, 2023 at 5:39 PM

Govind

0
0
A top-of-the-table clash from CAF World Cup qualifiers

The November international break is been used to take care of some 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. From the African region (CAF), Group D matchday 2 sees the Libya national football team take on Cameroon national football team. They last faced each other a decade ago.

Libya have opened their qualification campaign on a good note. Matchday 1 saw them get a 1-0 victory over South African nation Eswatini. They are now only second in Group D due to Cameroon's better goal difference.

Cameroon eased their opening-day nerves by beating Mauritius 3-0 at home. Now they have an away test which seemingly has proven difficult for them in the last 8 fixtures.

Kick-Off:

Tuesday, 21 November 2023 at 4:00 PM UK (9:30 PM IST)

Location: Martyrs of February Stadium

Form

Libya (in all competitions): W-D-W-D-L

Cameroon (in all competitions): W-L-L-W-D

Players to Watch
Ahmed Mohamed Rajab Ekrawa (Libya)

Libya national football team head coach Milutin Sredojević utilised Ahmed Mohamed Rajab Ekrawa as a right winger in a 3-4-3 formation last game. The player was effective and also scored the match-winning goal. We might once again see him slot in the same position.

Bryan Mbeumo (Cameroon)
Bryan Mbeumo scored a goal against Mauritius

The Premier League star player from Brentford FC has taken well over the gap Ivan Toney's ban has caused. In 12 PL games, Bryan Mbeumo has scored 6 while providing a further 2 assists. In the Mauritius tie, Bryan Mbeumo played the full 90 minutes and even scored a goal. In this Libya game the player will be motivated to do well as later on 25 November Mbeumo has a PL game to contribute to against Arsenal.

Match Facts
In the last 3 home games, Libya have scored just 2 goals while failing to win any game
In the last 8 away games in all competitions, the visitors have failed to win any game
They met last time a decade ago, the game ended Cameroon 1-0 Libya
Injury & Team News

The home team will be fully fit and every selected player is available to participate in this clash. Head coach Milutin Sredojević doesn't even have a suspension concern to worry about for his side. Given they won the last game against Eswatini, the coach should probably keep the teamsheet unchanged.

The visitors suffered a huge blow last game. Manchester United goalkeeper Andre Onana was taken off at the 80-minute mark after suffering a shoulder injury. The injury however isn't serious, but Fabrice Ondoa is likely to start. Vincent Aboubakar also remains sidelined with a thigh injury. His expected return is by December.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 2

Libya wins – 1

Cameroon wins – 1

Draws – 0

Predicted Lineup
Libya predicted lineup (3-4-3):

Al Woheshi (GK); Al Suwaei, bin Amir, Yousef; Fakroun, Saleh Al-Badri, Aleiyan, Al Dhawi; Ekrawa, Al Khoja, Salama

Cameroon predicted lineup (3-4-3):

Ondoa (GK); Castelletto, Gonzalez, Wooh; Tchamadeu, Neyou, Anguissa, Yongwa; Mbeumo, Pemi Moumbagna, Toko Ekambi

Match Prediction for Libya vs Cameroon

Even though Cameroon suffered a major blow in terms of Andre Onana being taken off with a minor shoulder injury, the team is still relatively strong on paper. Head coach Rigobert Song should approve of Fabrice Ondoa handling the duties at the moment. Libya should be aware of the visitor's poor away record in the last 8 games. But to pick a winner, the away side it is.

Prediction: Libya 0-2 Cameroon

Telecast for Libya vs Cameroon

India – FIFA+

UK – FIFA+

US –  FIFA+

Nigeria – FIFA+

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Click to

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2023-11-world-football-libya-vs-cameroon-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
