  
OwnGoal Nigeria
HOME
ABOUT US
FEATURED
TOP HEADLINES
MORE NEWS
Latest News
CONTACT US
AD
Home  Nigeria  Finidi Ring Changes To Super Eagles Lineup For Benin Republic Clash, Drops...
Nigeria
Finidi Ring Changes To Super Eagles Lineup For Benin Republic Clash, Drops Iheanacho
June 10, 2024
0
355

Head coach of the senior national team of Nigeria Finidi George has made three changes to the team that drew 1-1 against South Africa in their world cup qualifiers game on Friday in Uyo , OwnGoalNigeria.comcan exclusively reveal.

Finidi’s team came from behind to draw 1-1, a result that leaves them 5th in the six team group and two points behind group leaders Lesotho. They go into today’s game looking for their first win of the series.

The newly appointed coach has ring changes to his starting lineup in reaction to the draw against South Africa with as many as three changes from the team that played on Friday per what we exclusively gathered.

Advertisement

Top of the players who have dropped out of the starting lineup is Kelechi Iheanacho with Samuel Chukwueze certain to start in his place. There is a place in the starting lineup for Raphael Onyedika who impressed after coming on as a substitute on Friday.

DONT MISS ==>  Lookman Need To Play More For Leicester City To Earn Super Eagles Chance - Rohr

Benjamin Tanimu is another who is keeps his spot in the starting lineup for today’s game with Chidozie Awaziem remaining on the bench. The game will start by 5pm Nigerian time.

Super Eagles Starting XI vs Benin (4-3-3)

Stanley Nwabali- Calvin Bassey, Semi Ajayi, Benjamin Taminu, Bright Osayi – Wilfred Ndidi (Captain), Raphael Onyedika , Alex Iwobi – Ademola Lookman, Terem Moffi, Samuel Chukwueze

Mohammed Mowiz Suleiman

Share this:
Tweet
WhatsApp
More
Advertisement
Your One Stop Shop For The Latest News on Nigerian Football and Players

- For information on our services, articles and promotion,
+234 0803 664 3782
owngoalnigeria@gmail.com
Contact us: info@OwnGoalNigeria.com
  
POPULAR POSTS
More Disappointment For Nigeria As Germany Hand Call Up To Rohr’s...
November 3, 2017
You Snubbed Nigeria At The Wrong Time – Chelsea Legend Tells...
October 4, 2019
Arsenal Teen Sensation Bukayo Saka Rejects British-Nigerian Tag – I’m A...
September 24, 2019
POPULAR CATEGORY
Nigeria
13802
Top Headlines
302
Trending Topics
167
Spanish
12
News Article
4
Sponsored
0
Contact usAbout usPrivacy Policyaviator oynacasinolevant
© Copyright OwnGoalNigeria.com
-->
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://owngoalnigeria.com/2024/06/10/finidi-ring-changes-to-super-eagles-lineup-for-benin-republic-clash-drops-iheanacho/ 
 ----- 
