Skip to content

Tell Vibes

News
Politics
Metro
Investigations
Entertainment
Sports
Education
Business
Jobs
Advertisements
Nigeria vs South Africa: Free Analysis.
June 8, 2024 by admin
Advertisements

Nigeria vs. South Africa football match, held at the Godswill Akpabio Stadium in Uyo, was thrilling as both teams competed for a spot in the 2026 World Cup.The game ended in a 1-1 draw, with Bafana Bafana, Themba Zwane scoring for South Africa in the 29th minute and Fisayo Dele-Bashiru equalizing for the Super Eagles of Nigeria in the 46th minute, early in the second half.

Advertisements

Nigeria aimed to avoid a third consecutive draw in the Group C World Cup qualifiers, but South Africa had other plans.

Hugo Broos’ men were disciplined in defense, making last-minute stops to deny UEFA Europa League final hero Ademola Lookman and Kelechi Iheanacho.

The introduction of Samuel Chukwueze almost put the Super Eagles ahead, but the crossbar denied the AC Milan player, keeping the match tied. Despite a flurry of attacks, Bafana Bafana remained resolute and saw out the draw.

The Nigeria vs South Africa football match was so tense since the rivalry between the two nations has always existed and a loss could hurt much more than any loss to any African team.

Read Also  Uphill Veteran Fc honour Edo FA boss at End of year Party.

Looking at both teams and their group, no football analyst could’ve predicted both teams to be struggling for points. But as they say, Football is beyond country teams history and Africa football is not an exception to it.

The Nigerian team, led by captain Wilfred Ndidi, featured Stanley Nwabali in goal, with Semi Ajayi, Calvin Bassey, Benjamin Tanimu, and Bright Osayi-Samuel in defense. Dele-Bashiru, Alex Iwobi, and Wilfred Ndidi played in midfield, while Kelechi Iheanacho, Ademola Lookman, and Paul Onuachu led the attack.

The result means Nigeria is now fifth in the standings, one point behind South Africa, who have four points. The 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification – CAF Group C includes Nigeria, South Africa, Benin, Zimbabwe, Rwanda, and Lesotho. The group winners will qualify for the 2026 World Cup in the USA, Canada, and Mexico; the four best-ranked runners-up will go into playoffs, with the winners entering an intercontinental tournament where six nations will compete for two spots.

Read Also  QS World Varsity Rankings 2025: List of 10 Best Universities in the World Emerges

After so many news involving Nigeria Football Fédération seeking for a new gaffer and not many accepting the appointment of Former Super Eagles player, Finidi George. This game marked his first match as Super Eagles coach.

The Super Eagles, who previously appeared in the FIFA World Cup in previous years. Starting from 1994 (Group winners), 1998 (Group winners), 2002 (Group winners), 2010 (Group winners) 2014 (Group winners) and 2018 (Group winners).They had failed to grace the most anticipated tournament twice, 2006 and 2022.

They will next play against the Republic of Benin away on Monday, June 10, 2024. As the Super Eagles gear up for this crucial match, fans are hopeful for a stellar performance to propel Nigeria closer to World Cup qualification.

Read Also  Super Eagles Goalkeeper Nwabali Expresses Disappointment Over AFCON Final Loss

Even though the Nigeria vs South Africa football match looks like a disappointment to most Nigerians, we believe the draw is still a good point to keep our hopes of qualifying.

Looking at their performance, All that is needed is a good defence with lethal attacks in their upcoming matches. Our last man has been tested and trusted but the defense lines seems to be shaky which needs some immediate attention if success should be achieved.

The new Gaffer, Finidi George has come out to assure fellow Nigerians of having the needed techniques to make this run a smooth one and all he needs is support from Nigerians as he do what he knows best.

Don’t forget to get back to this blog to read more on Nigeria vs South Africa match latest news, other football news  and so much more.

 

 

Advertisements
Categories
Sports, News
Tags
Football, group c, Nigeria qualifications, Nigeria vs South Africa, soccer, Sports, Super Eagles, world cup qualifications
Breath of Life: I cry whenever I watch it -Chimezie Imo
Euro 2024: Top 10 Greatest Upsets in UEFA European Championship History
Leave a Comment

Comment

Name
Email
Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Recent Articles
Applying for Jobs in the U.S. With Free Visa Sponsorship: A Guide
Top 5 Job Sites in USA With Visa Sponsorship
Jobs in den USA finden – So geht’s auf kostenlosen Jobportalen
Elderly Care Job Sites in USA with Visa Sponsorship
Obtaining Visa Sponsorships for Nursing Jobs in the USA
Categories
Agriculture
Business
Education
Entertainment
Gist
Investigations
Jobs
Metro
News
Politics
Sports
Tech
© 2024 Tell Vibes • Built with GeneratePress
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tellvibes.ng/nigeria-vs-south-africa/ 
 ----- 
