Jump to content
Independent
Fitness & Wellbeing
Subscribe
Menu
NEWS
SPORT
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
INDYBEST
TRAVEL
SportCricket
Mehidy Hasan Miraz takes four for 12 as England set Bangladesh 118 to win
England, who registered just 10 fours and two sixes on a turning pitch, lost their final three wickets in the last over with two run outs.
David Charlesworth
Sunday 12 March 2023 11:00 GMT

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Mehidy Hasan Miraz shone for Bangladesh (Aijaz Rahi/AP) (AP)
Sign up to our free sport newsletter for all the latest news on everything from cycling to boxing
SIGN UP
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy

Mehidy Hasan Miraz took four for 12 as England were all out for 117 in their bid to take their T20 series against Bangladesh to a decider in Dhaka.

Following a six-wicket defeat in Chattogram, England’s rejigged batting order were well positioned to go big after losing the toss, reaching 50 for one at the end of the powerplay.

Losing three wickets in 16 balls sucked away the momentum and Bangladesh’s spinners turned the screw, led by Mehidy on the same ground where he made his mark in the 2016 Test series between the teams.

Ben Duckett held England’s innings together after the cluster of wickets with a run-a-ball 28 after Phil Salt had registered 25 off 19 deliveries, having opened with Dawid Malan instead of Jos Buttler.

After losing the toss for the eighth time in a row in all formats this year, Buttler dropped himself to four, with Moeen Ali at three, in a bid to redress a disjointed batting unit.

The experiment did not work, with Duckett and Sam Curran (12 off 16 balls) forced into a rebuilding job, the pair putting on 34 in 32 deliveries before the latter was stumped off Mehidy.

England, who registered just 10 fours and two sixes on a turning pitch, lost their final three wickets in the last over with two run outs, including the debuting teenager Rehan Ahmed.

The 18-year-old, who became England’s youngest men’s T20 cricketer, made a run-a-ball 11 but the focus will now be on him and the rest of the bowling attack.

More aboutPA ReadyEnglandBangladeshEngland cricketBen DuckettPhil SaltDawid MalanSam CurranMoeen Ali
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Subscribe
Register
Newsletters
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/cricket/england-bangladesh-england-cricket-t20-ben-duckett-b2299048.html 
 ----- 
