Saturday
04 January, 2025
 Archive বাংলা
HOME
NEWS
BUSINESS
INTERNATIONAL
DISTRICT
SPORTS
SUBSCRIBER
NOTICE
 News
BSS
  12 Mar 2023, 15:06
Update : 12 Mar 2023, 17:25
Miraz's career-best bowling skittle England for 117

DHAKA, March 12, 2023 (BSS) - Mehidy Hasan Miraz claimed his career-best 4-12 in T20 format as Bangladesh raised a prospect of wrapping up the three-match series with a game at hands, bundling England out for just 117 in 20 overs in the second match at Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium today.

All of the Bangladesh bowlers came up with disciplined show in slow track to curb the aggression of the power-packed England batting line up after captain Shakib Al Hasan chose to bowl first.
Fast bowler Taskin Ahmed gave Bangladesh a good start, taking out Dawid Malan, caught by Hasan Mahmud at third man for 5.

But England appeared to recover the early trouble, thanks to Phil Salt and Moeen Ali, who helped the side touch 50-run mark in the first powerplay.

Bangladesh thereafter bounced back in emphatic style, with captain Shakib Al Hasan removing Salt with a return catch. Salt hit three fours and one six for his 25 off 19.

The most engrossing moment of the match came after that as fast bowler Hasan Mahmud rattled the stump of England skipper Jos Buttler (4) with a searing Yorker.

While the scenario of the tumbling wicket was a treat to watch for the jam-packed stadium, the dismissal proved to be a mental breakdown for the world champions, who after that looked completely out-of-sort and jaded.

Miraz then got into act, firstly claiming the wicket of Moeen Ali for 15 and left England to 57-4 in eight over as the Three Lions lost three wickets for seven runs in nine balls.

The big blow for England came when Miraz dealt double blow in the 15th over, as he had Sam Curran (12) and Chris Woakes (0) stumped in the space of three balls.

He thereafter took the wicket of Chris Jordan to complete his first four-for in the T20 cricket.

Ben Duckett meanwhile played an anchor role, making team high 28 but Mustafizur Rahman came back in his second spell to get the better of him.

Rehan Ahmed (12) and Jofra Archer (0) then were trapped run out as England were bowled out.

More news in this category
Army Chief greets 19th Asian Games medal-winning cricket teams
Genocides being carried out using religion: Speakers
National Textbook Festival tomorrow
BNP supporters also join polls festivity: Hasan
Judgment in labour law violation case against Dr Yunus tomorrow
Follow us   

Managing Director and Chief Editor : Mahbub Morshed

Address : 68/2 Purana Paltan, Dhaka 1000

Copyright © 2025 BSS. All Rights Reserved.

NationalInternationalDistrictSportsEducation News
About BSS
Privacy Policy
Contact us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bssnews.net/news/115089 
 ----- 
