Skip to content
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website.
Accept
Decline
Hamid Hassan appointed as Bowling Coach by Afghanistan Cricket Board
I'm honoured and delighted to have the opportunity to serve as the bowling coach of our national team. I have cherished every moment of my playing career with this team, and I am eagerly looking forward to working with our young bowling group.
SABAMARCH 9, 2023CRICKET NEWS

Hamid Hassan, a former fast bowler for the Afghanistan national cricket team, has been appointed as the new bowling coach for the national men’s cricket team by the Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB). Hassan will assume his role in the upcoming T20I series against Pakistan.

Hassan is widely regarded as one of Afghanistan’s greatest players, having played 38 ODIs and 25 T20Is for the national team, claiming 59 and 35 wickets, respectively. For many years, he led Afghanistan’s bowling attack, and he will now serve as their bowling coach.

The ACB announced Hassan’s appointment on Twitter.

🚨 ANNOUNCEMENT 🚨

Afghanistan's Fast Bowling Great @hamidhassanHH retired from International Cricket and has been named as AfghanAtalan's New Bowling Coach. 🤩

Read More: https://t.co/Lya4iWQZW1 pic.twitter.com/HPFihVzc5Q

— Afghanistan Cricket Board (@ACBofficials) March 8, 2023

After their recent series against the UAE, the national team will face Pakistan in a three-match T20I series starting on March 25.

Hassan feels Honored and Delighted to have the Opportunity

Following his appointment as the bowling coach for the Afghanistan national cricket team, Hassan, the veteran pacer, expressed his enthusiasm for the new role.

In a media release issued by the ACB, he stated, “Cricket has been my life for the past two to three decades, and it has always been my passion. Retiring from the game I love the most is a difficult decision for me, but I’m doing this for the betterment of my country and my team.”

He went on to say, “I’m honored and delighted to have the opportunity to serve as the bowling coach of our national team. I have cherished every moment of my playing career with this team, and I am eagerly looking forward to working with our young bowling group. I have been closely following our fast bowling group and am excited to collaborate with them to make this unit as strong as, or even stronger than, our spinning department.”

PREVIOUS POST
ISL vs LAH: Mar 9 - Match 26, Pakistan Super League, 2023 Dream 11 Prediction
NEXT POST
PES vs MUL: Mar 10 - Match 27, Pakistan Super League, 2023 Dream 11 Prediction
Related Posts
New Zealand vs Sri Lanka: Neil Wagner Forced to Sit Out Second Test Match due to Several Injuries; Doug Bracewell Selected as Replacement
March 12, 2023
Keshav Maharaj injured while celebrating during SA vs WI match and requires stretcher to leave field
March 11, 2023
New Jersey for Mega Cricket Carnival Unveiled by Lucknow Super Giants in IPL 2023
March 7, 2023
Trending now
SRH vs RR: Apr 2 – Indian T20 League, T20 Dream 11 Prediction
QUE vs PES: February 20 Prediction Data – Pakistan Super League, 2023
QUE vs LAH: Feb 21 Prediction Data – Pakistan Super League, 2023
SA-W vs BD-W: Feb 21 Prediction Data – ICC Women’s T20 World Cup, South Africa, 2023

Copyright © 2025 - MDPL - AI-Based Fantasy Cricket Teams Generator

Enjoy this blog? Please spread the word :)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://mdpl.live/cricket-news/hamid-hassan-appointed-as-bowling-coach-by-afghanistan-cricket-board/ 
 ----- 
