Toggle navigation
AllAfrica
My Account
English
(current)
En Français
Liberia/Togo: Liberia Battle Togo Today
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Flipboard
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Share
CAF
Teranga Lions of Senegal have moved to the top of their group after a narrow victory over Burundi
6 SEPTEMBER 2024
FrontPageAfrica (Monrovia)
By Christopher C Walker

Monrovia — Togo and Liberia get their quest for a place in the 2025 African Cup of Nations underway when they go head to head at the Stade de Kegue on today September 6, 2024.

Both sides, whose last encounter ended in a 2-2 draw back in June 2016, have been drawn in Group E and will battle with Equatorial Guinea and two-time African champions Algeria for a place in Morocco.

Togo failed to get up to running in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers as they suffered a 1-0 defeat at the hands of Congo DR when the two nations squared off on June 9.

In a very tough affair at the Stade des Martyrs, Young Boys striker Meschack Elis got on the score sheet in the sixth minute to put the home side in front before they turned in a solid defensive performance to protect their lead and see out the win.

Having played out consecutive stalemates against Sudan, Senegal and South Sudan in their opening three games, Togo have now failed to win any of their four matches in the World Cup qualifiers, claiming three points from a possible 12 to sit fourth in Group B.

The SparrowHawks now turn their attention to the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, where they will be looking to begin their quest for a place in Morocco on the front foot and end their eight-year absence from the continental showpiece.

Togo's last AFCON appearance came in Gabon 2017, when they finished at the bottom of Group C with one point from a possible nine, playing out a goalless draw with Ivory Coast in the opening game before suffering back-to-back defeats against Morocco and Congo DR.

Liberia for their part continued their push for a first-ever World Cup appearance as they secured a 1-0 victory over Sao Tome and Principe when the sides met on June 9.

Gaborone United Liberian midfielder Sheikh Sesay came off the bench for the visitors as he scored the only goal of the game in the 90th minute to hand Lone Star all three points at the Stade Municipal de Bohicon.

Liberia have now picked up two wins and one draw from their four matches in Group H to collect seven points and sit third in the table, three points behind first-placed Tunisia in the automatic qualifying spot.

Head coach Mario Marinica will hope that his side can pick up where they left off in June as they start their 2025 AFCON qualifiers, after securing a 2-0 aggregate victory over Djibouti in the preliminary round back in March.

Close
SIGN UP FOR FREE ALLAFRICA NEWSLETTERS

Get the latest in African news delivered straight to your inbox

Top Headlines
Liberia
Soccer
Togo
SUBMIT

By submitting above, you agree to our privacy policy.

Having secured a 2-0 first-leg win against Djibouti on March 20, Liberia played out to a goalless draw at the Samuel Kanyon Doe Sports Complex in the return leg six days later to complete a 2-0 aggregate victory over the Shoremen of the Red Sea.

Liberia head into Friday's group opener unbeaten in each of their last five matches across all competitions, picking up three wins and two draws while scoring seven goals and keeping four clean sheets since a 1-0 loss against Malawi in November 2023.

Read the original article on FrontPageAfrica.

Previous Story
Harambee Stars Held to Barren Draw By Zim in Afcon 2025 Qualifier Opener
Next Story
Ghana Stunned By Late Angola Strike in Kumasi in AFCON Qualifier

Harambee Stars Held to Barren Draw By Zim in Afcon 2025 Qualifier Opener

Previous Story

Ghana Stunned By Late Angola Strike in Kumasi in AFCON Qualifier

Next Story
Tagged:
Liberia
West Africa
Sport
Soccer
Togo
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Flipboard
LinkedIn
Reddit
Email
Share
Copyright © 2024 FrontPageAfrica. All rights reserved. Distributed by AllAfrica Global Media (allAfrica.com). To contact the copyright holder directly for corrections — or for permission to republish or make other authorized use of this material, click here.
TOP HEADLINES: LIBERIA
Africa: Fierce Rivalries and High Stakes As TotalEnergies CHAN 2024 Qualifiers Reach Climax
Liberia: Princess Zuo's 'Killer' Remanded At Monrovia Central Prison
Liberia: Bishop Brown Urges Government to Take Aggressive Action On Citizens' Challenges - Calls for Swift Investigation Into Capitol Building Fire
Liberia: Former Supreme Court Justice, Others Challenge Legality Of 2025 Budget
Liberia: Prince Johnson To Be Buried On January 18
Liberia: Woman Kills Husband in Pastis Fight
Liberia: Headed in the Wrong Direction
West Africa: The Government of Liberia Should Lead Diplomatic Efforts to Keep Ecowas' Unity
Liberia: Liberia Football Association Commences Renovation Work At ATS
Liberia: Hope Center International Identifies With Totota Fire Survivors in Bong
Liberia: Why Are President Boakai Allies Turning on Him?
Liberia: 2025 Budget Illegal?
Liberia: Rule of Law Is At Stake - Oppostion Leader
Liberia: Budget's '4G' Passage Rings Alarm Bell
Liberia: Power At Play
Liberia: Speaker Koffa Slams Majority Bloc for Withholding Lawmakers, Staff's Salaries During Festive Season
LIBERIA
Former Supreme Court Justice To Challenge Liberia's Draft Budget
Boakai Orders Speedy Investigation Of Fire At Liberia Legislature
Liberian Presidency Backs 'Majority Bloc' Against House Speaker
Liberian Warlord-Turned-Senator Prince Johnson Dies
Liberian Lawmakers Of 'Majority Bloc' Elect New Speaker
ECOWAS Mediation Team Arrives in Liberia Over Speaker Saga
Court Orders Liberian Legislators to Follow Law In Speaker Saga
Will Liberian Lawmakers Heed Court Order In Speaker Saga?
Liberian President Boakai Cancels Diplomatic Appointments
Liberian Lawmakers Press On With Plans To Unseat Speaker Koffa
Methodists In Liberia Threaten To Break Away Over Gay Rights
Liberia Commerce Minister Resigns Over Purchase of Luxury Vehicle
MORE FROM: FRONTPAGEAFRICA
Liberia: Bishop Brown Urges Government to Take Aggressive Action On Citizens' Challenges - Calls for Swift Investigation Into Capitol Building Fire
Liberia: Why Are President Boakai Allies Turning on Him?
Liberia: Speaker Koffa Slams Majority Bloc for Withholding Lawmakers, Staff's Salaries During Festive Season
Liberia/Senegal: Bility's Goal Earns Liberia Draw With Senegal
Liberia: Fire Chief Suspects Gasoline in Capitol Blaze, Calls for Weeklong Probe
Liberia: Health Workers Go On Strike Over Salary Disparities
Liberia: Senate Committee's $1.8 Million Proposal for Fire-Damaged Capitol Rehabilitation Sparks Mixed Reactions
Liberia: Liberia Water & Sewer Corporation Dedicates Rehabilitated Caldwell Booster Station
Liberia: A Nation in Crisis - the Rule of Law Vs. Political Chaos
Liberia: Fire Engulfs Legislative Building Amid Leadership Dispute
Liberia: U.S. Embassy Condemns Police's 'Excessive' Force At Protesters During Tuesday's Capitol Hill Protest
Liberia: President Boakai Leads Govt in Signing Book of Condolence for Former Vice President John D. Gray
Liberia: CDC Calls for Investigation Into Capitol Hill Fire, Condemns 'Politically Motivated' Arrest Order for Rep Foko
Liberia: Armed Police Surround Lawmaker's Residence Following Police Invitation Over Capitol Building Fire Incident
West Africa: Ecowas Urges Restraint Amid Rising Tensions in Monrovia
Liberia: 'Justice Must Be Served' - Senators React to Capitol Building Fire As Over U.S.$1.3m for Renovation Remains Unaccounted for

AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than 110 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.

Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us.

AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 110 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.

SUPPORT OUR WORK
 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
FOR ADVERTISERS
SUBSCRIBE
© 2024 AllAfrica Privacy Policy Contact Us
AllAfrica - All the Time
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://allafrica.com/stories/202409060573.html 
 ----- 
