Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
DR Congo vs Guinea Prediction and Betting Tips | 6th September 2024 
DR Congo vs Guinea Prediction and Betting Tips | 6th September 2024 
By
Sachin Bhat
Modified Sep 05, 2024 07:05 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
DR Congo are on a five-game winning run against Guinea (PC: Getty Images)

DR Congo host Guinea at the Stade des Martyrs in Kinshasa on Friday in their opening clash of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers. The sides have been drawn alongside Ethiopia and Tanzania in Group H.

Ranked 60th in the world, Congo are looking to reach the AFCON finals for the second time in a row, having witnessed the high of finishing fourth at this year's edition. They drew all three of their group matches, but managed to reach the knockout stages regardless, ousting Egypt and Guinea, before falling to hosts and eventual champions, Ivory Coast.

It was their best finish at the cup since winning the bronze at the 2015 edition, and the Leopards will now be hungry for more glory at the Moroccan showpiece next year.

Trending

Head coach Sébastien Desabre has called up 25 players for this month's double-header against Guinea and Ethiopia, including Brentford star Yoane Wissa. He struck five goals for the side in 26 games, while four players are in line to make their international debut.

Guinea will have revenge on their minds for the 3-1 defeat by DR Congo in the quarter-finals of the AFCON earlier this year. Mohamed Bayo's penalty had put them in front, but Chancel Mbemba, Yoane Wissa and Fuka-Arthur Masuaku struck apiece thereafter to dump them out.

Since then, the National Elephants picked up big wins over Vanuatu and Bermuda in FIFA Series friendlies, while also beating African giants Algeria in their first World Cup qualifier. Mozambique, however, ended their winning run by inflicting a 1-0 loss on matchday two of their campaign.

DR Congo vs Guinea Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
There have been eight games between the sides in the past, with DR Congo winning five times and losing to Guinea twice.
DR Congo are on a five-game winning run against Guinea right now, last seeing defeat in the fixture in January 2004.
In 10 official games this year, Guinea have won six times and lost just thrice, including once to DR Congo: a 3-1 defeat in the last eight of the 2023 AFCON finals this year.
Meanwhile, DR Congo have lost only twice in 11 games, but have drawn seven times.
DR Congo vs Guinea Prediction

DR Congo enter the tie high on confidence given their terrific record against Guinea. They've been unable to win many games this year but possess quality options in attack that can hurt Guinea.

Prediction: DR Congo 2-1 Guinea

DR Congo vs Guinea Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: DR Congo to win

Tip 2 - Goals over/under 2.5: Over 2.5 goals

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: Yes

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 DR Congo Football Football Predictions Game Preview
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/dr-congo-vs-guinea-prediction-betting-tips-6th-september-2024 
 ----- 
