Knicks Notes: Defense meshing with Mikal Bridges; Karl-Anthony Towns' Garden debut
Plus nuggets on Patrick Ewing's return and more
10/10/2024, 12:29 PM

Ian Begley

NBA Insider
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
 

The Knicks have one of the NBA’s best on-ball defenders (Mikal Bridges) and two of its best off-ball defenders (OG Anunoby and Josh Hart).

What happens when you put all three in the same lineup?

"That could add a whole different element to our defense," Tom Thibodeau said recently.

That element was on full display Wednesday during New York’s preseason win over Washington.

Bridges had three steals in 30 minutes; Anunoby and Hart each had two. Their versatility and switch-ability confounded the Wizards, as this video from @IQfor3 shows.

The Knicks had 16 steals overall and turned Washington over 30 times.

Obviously, it’s important to note that the Wizards will be a bottom-five team in the NBA this season. Several of their turnovers on Wednesday were unforced errors. Preseason basketball, in general, is pretty sloppy.

But even if you account for all of those factors, the defense from Bridges, Hart, and Anunoby was noteworthy.

"I think we’re just learning each other some more," Bridges said after the game. "Defensively, I think we can be really good. Just need time and being around each other more, and having practices and playing these preseason games is gonna help a lot."

Bridges has already gotten a feel for playing off of Anunoby.

"I learned a lot from OG defensively in the past month, and I told him that. Obviously, it’s all five guys locked in together (on defense), but I just know if I mess up or something, everyone else has got my back, especially OG," Bridges said Wednesday. "If I mess up, he’ll come from anywhere, and I’ll just read and react off him."

The Knicks obviously bet big on Bridges and Anunoby as a defensive tandem. They gave the Nets five first-round picks for Bridges in late June and signed Anunoby to the largest contract in franchise history a few days later.

On Wednesday night, it looked like a pretty smart wager.

TALK OF THE TOWNS

Karl-Anthony Towns rebounded from some early shooting woes to finish with 25 points in his Garden preseason debut.

New York, New York, USA; New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns (32) drives to the basket against Washington Wizards center Jonas Valanciunas (17) during the second half at Madison Square Garden. / Vincent Carchietta - Imagn Images

"He stayed with it," Thibodeau said after the game. "He started off maybe pressing a little bit, first time here. I like the looks that he got. Just be patient. At the end of the day, it’ll work itself out. And it did. He stayed with it. He was not deterred. I thought he went to a little more playmaking and that led to more easy baskets."

Jalen Brunson and Towns were in sync in the third quarter; Brunson assisted on three of Towns' four made field goals in the quarter. Towns assisted on a Brunson layup in the second quarter.

"I’m happy that It went the way it did today," Towns said afterward. "There’s going to be tough nights when I’m not shooting well, especially at the Garden. Obviously the pressure’s different. Show mental toughness to my teammates and the fans even when things are not going well, I’ll pick it up on either the defensive end, or just find the groove sooner than later in the game."

THIBS ON PAT

As you’d expect, Thibodeau is ecstatic about Patrick Ewing returning to the Knicks in an advisor role. "We're just thrilled about that," Thibodeau said before Wednesday’s game. "Obviously, we know what he means to the organization and I think all his experiences, I think it'll be invaluable to us. From being involved with me, giving his thoughts; he'll be here at times and other times he'll be remote, watching the games and giving feedback.

"Also working with (team president) Leon (Rose) in the front office and Wes (executive vice president William Wesley); I think he can help from that perspective as well. ... Obviously being a Hall of Fame player, one of the all time great Knicks, (having) the perspective of a former player, talking to our players, and understanding New York having gone through everything here; his career speaks for itself, obviously; every year there, you felt when he was healthy, you had a chance to win it."

Ewing will serve as a basketball ambassador, working on the franchise’s team side and business side this season.

NYK WAS ON JV

The Knicks were in touch with center Jonas Valanciunas during free agency.

"We had a lot of talks with different teams. New York (was) one of them, was included. So, you know, I am where I am now," Valanciunas told SNY.

The Knicks pursued Valanciunas in early July as Isaiah Hartenstein left for Oklahoma City. New York could offer Valanciunas as much as $10 million over two years. He signed a three-year, $30 million deal with the Wizards. 

SHARE
TAGS

Knicks

#

Ian Begley

POPULAR IN THE COMMUNITY
About SNY
Advertise with SNY
Get SNY
Studios
Contact
Jobs
Internships
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Terms of Use

Owned and operated by SportsNet New York, part of the SNY Blog Network. SNY trademarks and copyrights are the property of SportsNet New York, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sny.tv/articles/knicks-notes-mikal-bridges-karl-anthony-towns-10-10-24 
 ----- 
