Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Karl-Anthony Towns Makes Honest Statement After First New York Knicks Home Game
Karl-Anthony Towns played his first game (with the Knicks) at Madison Square Garden.
Ben Stinar | Oct 10, 2024
Apr 14, 2023; Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA; Minnesota Timberwolves center Karl-Anthony Towns (32) is interviewed after the game against the Oklahoma City Thunder at Target Center. Mandatory Credit: Matt Krohn-Imagn Images / Matt Krohn-Imagn Images

On Wednesday evening, the New York Knicks hosted the Washington Wizards at Madison Square Garden for their second preseason game.

The Knicks won by a score of 117-94 to improve to 2-0 in the preseason.

Karl-Anthony Towns made his debut at the Garden, finishing with 25 points, 12 rebounds, two assists, one steal and two blocks while shooting 7/20 from the field and 1/7 from the three-point range in 25 minutes of playing time.

Towns had spent the first nine seasons of his career with the Minnesota Timberwolves before the blockbuster trade last week.

That said, he is familiar with the area, as he is from New Jersey.

Towns after the game (via the NBA): "It definitely hits different to be home. Been a blessing to be here. I'm excited for all the games I get to play in front of these fans."

Towns is expected to be a massive addition to an already talented Knicks roster.

He finished last year with averages of 21.8 points, 8.3 rebounds and 3.0 assists per contest while shooting 50.4% from the field and 41.6% from the three-point range in 62 games.

The four-time NBA All-Star is one of the best shooters in the league, which adds a new dynamic to the team.

The Knicks will play their first game of the new season on October 22 when they visit Jayson Tatum and the Boston Celtics.

Last season, they lost to the Indiana Pacers in the second round of the NBA playoffs (in seven games).

Published Oct 9, 2024|Modified Oct 10, 2024
BEN STINAR

Ben Stinar is the NBA reporter for Fastbreak on FanNation.

Follow @BenStinar

You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/nba/fastbreak/karl-anthony-towns-makes-honest-statement-after-first-new-york-knicks-home-game 
 ----- 
