Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Stephen Curry
Steph Curry Stats Tonight: How did Warriors superstar fare against Kings (Oct. 9) | 2024 NBA preseason
Steph Curry Stats Tonight: How did Warriors superstar fare against Kings (Oct. 9) | 2024 NBA preseason
By
Michael Macasero
Modified Oct 10, 2024 19:10 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Steph Curry stats vs Sacramento Kings on Wednesday. [photo: Imagn]

Steph Curry and the Golden State Warriors were at the Golden 1 Center in California on Wednesday to face the Sacramento Kings. The Dubs opened their preseason on Saturday in Hawaii with a 91-90 win against the LA Clippers. Curry and Co. looked to make it back-to-back wins following their showdown with the Kings.

After nine points in 14 minutes against the Clippers, Curry had eight points, one assist and one steal in seven first-quarter minutes versus Sacramento. The two-time MVP made 3-of-3 shots, including 2-of-2 from deep. Golden State led 31-27 after the first frame.

Curry's effiency dropped in the second quarter, but remained as the Dubs' most potent threat. The Sacramento Kings players had their eyes on a swivel every time he was on the court. Golden State fluorished from long range (15-for-27) behind its franchise cornerstone.

Trending
Expand Tweet

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

The Kings, though, dominated the paint, outscoring the Warriors 26-10 to take a 68-66 hafltime advantage.

Steve Kerr kept Curry on the bench to start the third quarter. Kerr opened the second half with Brandin Podziemski and Moses Moody in the backcourt. Buddy Hield, Jonathan Kuminga and Trace-Jackson Davis completed the starters.

Curry and Draymond Green remained engaged along the sidelines. They kept cheering for their teammates and talked to them during timeouts.

Steph Curry kept riding the bench in the fourth quarter. Moody, Podziemski, Hield, De’Anthony Melton and Gary Payton II soaked up the guard minutes. Reece Beekman and Pat Spencer handled the backcourt starting the four-minute mark of the final quarter.

Steph Curry stats against Sacramento Kings:

Player	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	TO	FG	3-PT FG	FT	+/-
Steph Curry	13	0	1	1	0	1	5-8	3-6	0-0	+7
Steve Kerr is slowly ramping up Steph Curry's minutes

Steve Kerr knew well the grind Steph Curry had to go through to help Team USA win the gold medal in Paris. To give his prized superstar more rest, he is slowly ramping up his preseason minutes.

Kerr allowed Curry to stay on the floor for 14 minutes against the LA Clippers on Saturday. Four nights later, he limited him to 16 minutes versus the Sacramento Kings. The point guard has some heavy lifting to do this season, so Kerr's move isn't surprising.

"Chef Curry" looks ready but Kerr isn't in a hurry to let the two-time MVP play extended minutes.

Warriors Nation! You can check out the latest Golden State Warriors Schedule and dive into the Warriors Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Golden State Warriors Sacramento Kings Stephen Curry NBA Stats
Edited by Michael Macasero
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-steph-curry-stats-tonight-how-warriors-superstar-fare-kings-oct-9-2024-nba-preseason 
 ----- 
