Watch SABC Sport
At 40, Elias Pelembe relishes another AFCON 14 years later

By
Velile Mnyandu

6th January 2024

Mozambican national team captain and a former Premier Soccer League (PSL) legend Elias Pelembe has recalled the memories of his first African Cup of Nations (AFCON) tournament back in 2010.

Speaking to SABC Sport from their base in Johannesburg where they are preparing for the 2023 AFCON tournament, their first since 2010, the former SuperSport United, Mamelodi Sundowns, and Royal AM attacker is happy to be returning to the AFCON.

At the age of 40, Pelembe says the plan came together this time around.

READ: Hugo Broos impressed with Periodization programme as AFCON camp gets underway

"I think it's very special because I remember I went in 2010 and then for a very long time we have been trying to get there and that didn't happen but this time everything came the way we planned. So, all I can say is it's God's mercy, God this time heard our crying," said Pelembe.

Pelembe was only 26 when they last went to the AFCON in 2010 in Angola and he looks back at their performance in that tournament as they were in a tough group with defending champions Egypt, Nigeria, and Benin.

"I'm so happy and I hope I give my best to the national team and try to go far. Everything is possible so we believe in God, and we've been working hard also. So, let's just take it game by game. I think in 2010 until the last game we still had a chance to qualify and I still remember in one of the three games, I was man of the match,” Pelembe added.

It was after the 2010 tournament that the great Manuel “Tico-Tico” Bucuane retired from international football. 

Pelembe is now back at home playing for a top Mozambican club, US Songo.

Ghana and Cape Verde are the two other teams in Group B with Mozambique.

Kaizer Chiefs’ only player going to this 34th edition of the AFCON tournament, Edmilson Dove, is also one of the key players in this Mozambican squad.

He says the advantage of this team is that they have been together for some time and also talks about the training match against Lesotho this afternoon.

"Definitely, I mean this is not a group with a lot of new players probably one that came in now but all of us we've been together for quite a while. We also know what the coach needs from us. So, it's kind of easy to come in and even the new player that just came now is fitting well. So, I think we're doing well. We might be playing a friendly tomorrow against Losotho just to see where we at as a group but so far, it's been good," Dove said.

Mozambique
Elias Pelembe
2023 Africa Cup of Nations
Related News
Mozambique come from behind to hold Bafana Bafana to draw in COSAFA Cup opener
Why Edmilson Dove chose COSAFA over Kaizer Chiefs pre-season camp
Teko Modise: Players want to play for Bafana Bafana again
Alex Iwobi shrugs off online abuse after Nigeria's AFCON final defeat
Editors Pick
Game management key ingredient in Cardoso’s perfect Sundowns start
Proteas book place in World Test Championship Final after thrilling win over Pakistan
UWC coach Thinasonke Mbuli reveals CAF award nomination shock
Miguel Cardoso highlights commitment in maiden Mamelodi Sundowns win
Shabalala carries a lot of responsibility at Kaizer Chiefs - Nasreddine Nabi
Our Sports
All Sports
Soccer
Cricket
Rugby
Other
Media
Live TV
TV Schedule
Radio
Podcasts
Help & Support
About SABC Sport
Contact Us
Consent Settings
Social

Digital advertising by Planet Sport Group
About the SABC
Contact Us
Jobs
Tenders
Advertise
Disclaimer
SABC Board
Press Releases

© 2024 SABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sabcsport.com/soccer/news/at-40-elias-pelembe-relishes-another-afcon-14-years-later 
 ----- 
