New Times,
New Thinking.

In this section
 Search
Subscribe
Sign In
The Staggers
1 July 2024
Why are England football fans so entitled?

Modern supporters often expect the impossible of their teams.

By Hunter Davies

Photo by Carl Recine/Getty Images

Why did England get booed so much and so often during those early Euro games? Players had missiles thrown at them, as did St Gareth. Friends and family members of players, even the lesser-known names confined to the bench, also had abuse and beer thrown at them by fans nearby who were watching games from the posh seats. Fans are meant to be supporters: loyal to the team, the players and their country. Why do this when they have travelled all that way and at such expense? Because England played shite. That’s the simple answer.

I was more surprised when Belgium got booed off the pitch after a goalless draw with Ukraine. There were jeers and whistles aimed at Kevin De Bruyne, a brilliant player and national hero.

I think it is because modern fans of the top footballing countries, very like modern players, feel entitled. Though in a different way, expecting different rewards. England and Belgium were among the hot favourites when it all began and their fans got carried away, expecting excellence, or at least entertainment. They feel personally let down when their lauded, pampered heroes don’t provide what they, the fans, have expected, or have led themselves to believe would happen. The deluded fools.

Fans don’t, I think, resent the massive salaries the top players earn – millions a year at the Premier League clubs – not if they are doing the business. But if they aren’t, the fans become angry. Perhaps the abuse is more prevalent today because of the effects of social media. It is so easy today to rubbish and attack our heroes and celebrities rather than worship them.

Perhaps England, Belgium and the other leading countries – both players and fans – have come to assume they are always going to stuff the smaller nations, way down the pecking order, whose teams comprise footballers we have mostly not heard of.

I did not recognise any of the names or faces playing for Georgia – currently 74th in the Fifa world rankings and a country with a population of just under four million – when they beat Portugal, a football superpower, with the superstar Cristiano Ronaldo on the pitch. But of course the victory was greeted by ecstasy back home, one of the greatest moments in the country’s history. I rather envied them their joy.

The smaller countries like Slovakia and Serbia watch all the Prem games and, of course, know all our superstars and super-teams and probably feel quite inferior about their own status. So how lovely and satisfying to give us all and themselves a surprise.

Give a gift subscription to the New Statesman this Christmas from just £49
Subscribe

Austria, Turkey, Romania, middle-ranking in the world order, have all done pretty well and I have enjoyed watching them. Being organised and sensible, working hard, pulling together and not being expected to reach the final does help. One of the explanations for England’s poor play has been that the players are tired, poor petals, after a long, hard season. But all players appearing at the Euros have had long seasons.

Watching the might of Ingerland take on little, humble Slovakia in the first of the knockout games, I half-wanted them to be beaten so it would all be over. England had given me such a headache so far. We wouldn’t have to worry about them for another year. Phew. Gareth could take holy orders and become vicar of a tiny parish on Teeside. Peace at last.

I would have kept watching, of course, if only to work out what OVERALL means on the screen where they show the score. Is it a reference to Mrs Overall? An advert for work clothes? A philosophical musing? Overall, watching football is better than watching paint dry. And I have not yet decided if that really is the Brandenburg Gate behind the BBC studio set. It looks much grander and bigger than in real life.

But after another 90 boring minutes, England somehow managed to beat Slovakia, saved by an amazing goal by Bellingham in stoppage time. We foolish, self-deluded fans now tell ourselves the best is yet to come. They can’t keep playing rubbish forever.  

[See also: Inside the shadow Tory leadership election]

Content from our partners
Building Britain’s water security
Spotlight
How to solve the teaching crisis
Russell Hobby
Pitching in to support grassroots football
Spotlight

Related

Comment
The year ahead: Russia is on course to win the war in Ukraine
Society
The year that body positivity died
Culture
The comforts and joys of Gavin & Stacey

This article appears in the 02 Jul 2024 issue of the New Statesman, Labour’s Britain

Hunter Davies
Hunter Davies writes a regular column on football for the New Statesman.
More from this author
See All
Hunter Davies
Half-time honours for the Premier League season 2024-25
Hunter Davies
Why be depressed about the state of football?
More of this topic
Comment
The year ahead: Russia is on course to win the war in Ukraine
Society
The year that body positivity died
Comment
The privilege of journeying home
Recent Podcasts
Politics podcast
Politics 2024: The good, the bad, and the ugly
Politics podcast
What Musk’s money could do for Reform UK
Politics podcast
Emily Thornberry: I won’t be on the welcome committee for Trump
New Statesman
About us
History
Help Centre
Contact us
Advertising & Partnerships
RSS
Social
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Legal
Privacy policy
T&Cs
New Times New Ideas New Statesman
© 2024 Progressive Media Investments
We at Progressive Media Investments value your privacy
We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation, personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services. Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessible here

We use necessary cookies to make our site work. Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions. We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website.

By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.

We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept All Cookies
Cookie Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newstatesman.com/thestaggers/2024/07/are-england-football-fans-too-entitled 
 ----- 
