  
Cagliari vs. Inter: 10 hrs 30 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Clippers vs. WarriorsPreview: Empoli vs. GenoaPreview: Parma vs. MonzaPreview: Cagliari vs. InterToday's previews
Home > Football > Euro 2024 > Germany > Features
Euro 2024
HomeNewsGroupsFixturesResultsSquadsQualifyingAll you need to knowSchedule
FOOTBALL
Euro 2024 table: Confirmed group standings, best third-placed teams, last 16 ties
By Oliver Thomas, Senior Reporter
Published: June 29 2024 | 00:05
Last updated: July 2 2024 | 22:41

The Euro 2024 group stage has now come to a close, with hosts Germany, holders Italy, Spain, England, France, and Portugal among the nations all booking their spots in the knockout stages of the continental gathering.

The top two team in all six groups have automatically qualified for the last 16, while the four best third-placed outfits have also advanced from the group stage.

Here, Sports Mole takes a look at the final Euro 2024 group standings, which nations have qualified for the knockout rounds, including the best third-placed teams, the confirmed last-16 ties and projected quarter-final matches.


EURO 2024 GROUP A STANDINGS

Who qualified from Group A?

Germany, Switzerland

Germany became the first team to qualify for the last 16 of Euro 2024 after following up their thumping 5-1 win over Scotland with a 2-0 victory against Hungary in their second Group A clash on June 19.

Die Mannschaft simply needed to avoid defeat against Switzerland on the final matchday to guarantee their status as group winners, although that was under severe threat by Dan Ndoye's strike before Niclas Fullkrug made himself the hero of the hour in second-half injury time.

As a result, Julian Nagelsmann's men head to the last 16 in first place with their unbeaten record intact - boasting seven points compared to five for Switzerland, who finished two better off than Hungary in third slot.

The Magyars also left it incredibly late to eliminate Scotland via a 1-0 triumph on Sunday, but it was ultimately not enough to claim on of the four best third-placed spots up for grabs, and they along with the Tartan Army have failed to advance from the group stage.


EURO 2024 GROUP B STANDINGS

Who qualified from Group B?


Spain, Italy

Spain have progressed to the last 16 with a perfect record, following up a 3-0 victory over Croatia with back-to-back 1-0 successes over Italy and Albania, beating the latter on Monday night courtesy of a first-half strike from Ferran Torres.

Luis de la Fuente's side finish top of the group with a maximum nine points, five clear of second-placed Italy, who scored a dramatic 98th-minute equaliser to rescue a precious point in a 1-1 draw with Croatia to advance automatically to the last 16.

Croatia, meanwhile, finished third with only two points and have failed to qualify for the knockout rounds of a major tournament for the first time since the 2014 World Cup.

As for Albania, they sit at the foot of Group B and have also been knocked out of Euro 2024 after picking up just one point across their three group fixtures.


EURO 2024 GROUP C STANDINGS

Who qualified from Group C?


England, Denmark, Slovenia

Thanks to Spain beating Albania in their final Group B fixture, England sealed qualification for the last 16 and were guaranteed to secure at least one of the four best third-placed spots ahead of their final Group C games.

The Three Lions simply needed to avoid defeat against Slovenia and hope that Denmark did not beat Serbia on the final matchday to top the group, two scenarios which came to fruition in drab goalless draws across the board.

However, those results meant that Denmark sneaked through in second and Slovenia were confirmed as one of the best third-placed sides, triggering wild celebrations from their elated players.


EURO 2024 GROUP D STANDINGS

Who qualified from Group D?


Austria, France, Netherlands

Just like England, both the Netherlands and France qualified for the last 16 courtesy of Spain's Group B win over Albania, but the two European giants still had top spot to fight for on matchday three.

In a surprise turn of events, though, it was Austria who pipped both sides to the post with a sensational 3-2 beating of the Netherlands, thereby topping the group with six points and forcing the Dutch to accept a third-placed ranking.

Meanwhile, France's 1-1 draw with already-eliminated Poland meant that the 2018 world champions had to settle for second, despite going through the group phase unbeaten.


EURO 2024 GROUP E STANDINGS

Who qualified from Group E?


Romania, Belgium, Slovakia

For the first time in European Championship history, all four nations within the same group have finished on the same points, as Group E quartet Romania, Belgium, Slovakia and Ukraine collected four points each from their three games.

Romania have surprised many by securing top spot, finishing just above Belgium in second place, while Slovakia - who played out a 1-1 draw with Romania on matchday three - have also qualified for the last 16 as one of the four best third-placed teams.

As for Ukraine, they became the first nation in Euros history to finish bottom of a group, and subsequently crash out of the tournament, while earning as many as four points, after drawing 0-0 draw with Belgium in their final group game.


EURO 2024 GROUP F STANDINGS

Who qualified from Group F?


Portugal, Turkey, Georgia

Portugal entered their final Group F fixture having already secured top spot and subsequently made wholesale changes for their encounter with major tournament debutants Georgia, who deservedly claimed a historic 2-0 victory to finish third and qualify for the last 16.

Both Portugal and Georgia are joined in the knockout rounds by Turkey, who beat Czech Republic 2-1 on matchday three to secure second place and eliminate Jaroslav Silhavy's side from the tournament.

EURO 2024 LAST 16 LINEUP

© Reuters

June 29: Switzerland 2-0 Italy (5pm BST | Olympiastadion, Berlin)

June 29: Germany 2-0 Denmark (8pm BST | Westfalenstadion, Dortmund)

June 30: England 2-1 Slovakia (5pm BST | Arena AufSchalke, Gelsenkirchen)

June 30: Spain 4-1 Georgia (8pm BST | RheinEnergieStadion, Cologne)

July 1: France 1-0 Belgium (5pm BST | Merkur Spiel-Arena, Dusseldorf)

July 1: Portugal 0-0 Slovenia (3-0 pens) (8pm BST | Deutsche Bank Park, Frankfurt)

July 2: Romania 0-3 Netherlands (5pm BST | Allianz Arena, Munich)

July 2: Austria 1-2 Turkey (8pm BST | Red Bull Arena, Leipzig)

The first last-16 tie was officially confirmed at the beginning of the week, with Group A runners-up Switzerland to face holders and Group B runners-up Italy in Berlin on Saturday.

Later that evening, hosts Germany - winners of Group A - will do battle with Group C runners-up Denmark, while Sunday's action will begin with Group C winners England taking on Group E's third-placed nation Slovakia in Gelsenkirchen.

After Group B victors Spain meet Georgia, the third-placed team of Group F, France and Belgium, the runners-up of Groups D and E respectively, lock horns in Dusseldorf on Monday, before Group F winners Portugal face off against Group C's third-placed side Slovenia.

The final day of quarter-final action will see Group E winners Romania take on the third-placed side of Group D, the Netherlands, before Group D victors Austria square off against Group F runners-up Turkey in Leipzig.


EURO 2024 POSSIBLE QUARTER-FINAL LINEUP

© Imago

July 5: Spain vs. Germany (5pm BST | MHPArena, Stuttgart)

July 5: Portugal vs. France (8pm BST | Volksparkstadion, Hamburg)

July 6: England vs. Switzerland (5pm BST | Merkur Spiel-Arena, Dusseldorf)

July 6: Netherlands vs. Turkey (8pm BST | Olympiastadion, Berlin)

Group winners Germany and Spain both avoided upsets to advance from the last-16 stage, resulting in an intriguing quarter-final showdown between the pair of three-time Euros winners.

Portugal have set up an equally enticing quarter-final encounter with France, whom they beat in the Euro 2016 final, after Les Bleus came out on top against Belgium.

England's late show against Slovakia has earned them a last-eight tie against Switzerland, who toppled the defending champions.

Netherlands, meanwhile, will take on Turkey in the last of the quarters in Berlin.


Written by
Oliver Thomas
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free match previews newsletter! Updates are sent twice a week.  
Read more about Edward Iordanescu Roberto Martinez Arda Guler Niclas Fullkrug Julian Nagelsmann Dan Ndoye Ferran Torres Luis de la Fuente Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
Euro 2024 permutations: Who needs what to reach last 16?
Could Reds lose Trent AND Van Dijk to Madrid? Slot prepares for summer upheaval
Amorim's wish: Man United 'make official offer' for 'leading transfer target'
Barca 'suffer major blow' in Olmo situation as Man United 'circle' for attacker
Euro 2024: Which teams have already qualified for last 16?
England are how low? Euro 2024 teams ranked by penalty shootout record
From believers to underachievers: England among Euro 2024's worst performers so far
Spain favourites over England? Euro 2024 contenders assessed ahead of knockouts
Sport News 24/7 
Serie A
2pm
	Empoli	vs	Genoa
2pm
	Parma	vs	Monza
5pm
	Cagliari	vs	Inter Milan
7.45pm
	Lazio	vs	Atalanta
Primeira Liga
3.30pm
	AVS	vs	Estrela Amadora
6pm
	Estoril	vs	Moreirense
8.30pm
	Porto	vs	Boavista
Scottish Championship
3pm
	Ayr	vs	Morton
3pm
	Hamilton	vs	Airdrieonians
3pm
	Partick	vs	Queen's Park
3pm
	Raith Rovers	vs	Livingston
Scottish League One
3pm
	Alloa	vs	Stenhousemuir
3pm
	Arbroath	vs	Montrose
3pm
	Dumbarton	vs	Kelty Hearts
3pm
	Inverness	vs	Cove Rangers
3pm
	QotS	vs	Annan
Scottish League Two
3pm
	Elgin	vs	Peterhead
3pm
	Forfar	vs	Stirling
3pm
	Spartans	vs	Edinburgh
3pm
	Stranraer	vs	Clyde
Australian A-League
FT
	Wellington	2-1	Newcastle Jets
LIVE
	Central Coast	1-1	Auckland FC
8.35am
	Sydney FC	vs	Victory
Gulf Cup of Nations
2.30pm
	Bahrain	vs	Yemen
2.30pm
	Iraq	vs	Saudi Arabia
Gallagher Premiership
12.45pm
	Bath	vs	Saracens
3pm
	Saints	vs	Newcastle
6pm
	Harlequins	vs	Leicester Tigers
NFL
6pm
	Chargers	@	Patriots
9.30pm
	Broncos	@	Bengals
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
	Team	P	GD	PTS
1	Liverpool	17	23	42
2	Arsenal	18	19	36
3	Chelsea	18	17	35
4	Nottingham Forest	18	5	34
5	Newcastle United	18	9	29
6	Bournemouth	18	6	29
7	Manchester City	18	4	28
8	Fulham	18	3	28
9	Aston Villa	18	-3	28
10	Brighton & Hove Albion	18	1	26
11	Brentford	18	0	24
12	Tottenham Hotspur	18	13	23
13	West Ham United	18	-7	23
14	Manchester United	18	-3	22
15	Everton	17	-7	17
16	Crystal Palace	18	-8	17
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers	18	-11	15
18	Leicester City	18	-18	14
19	Ipswich Town	18	-17	12
20	Southampton	18	-26	6

> Premier League Full Table
1
Fulham vs. Bournemouth - prediction, team news, lineups
2
Preston vs. Sheff Weds - prediction, team news, lineups
3
Saturday's Primeira Liga predictions including Porto vs. Boavista
4
Saturday's Serie A predictions including Cagliari vs. Inter Milan
5
Stoke vs. Sunderland - prediction, team news, lineups
6
One boost, one blow: Arsenal attacker undergoes surgery as teammate closer to comeback
7
Havertz the hero as Arsenal keep Liverpool honest with narrow win over Ipswich
8
Sporting Lisbon vs. Benfica - prediction, team news, lineups
9
Ayew banned, will Vardy return? Predicted Leicester XI against Man City
10
Rotherham vs. Stockport - prediction, team news, lineups
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2024 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/germany/euro-2024/feature/euro-2024-confirmed-group-standings-who-has-reached-the-last-16_546164.html 
 ----- 
