SEARCH
PODCASTS
Portugal into Euro 2024 last eight after Costa’s saves
Diogo Costa saves from Slovenia's Josip Ilicic, the first of three penalties during the penalty shootout
Euro
Tuesday 02 July | 01:54
0 Comments
By Reuters News Service
Share:

Goalkeeper Diogo Costa saved all three penalties as Portugal won 3-0 in a shootout against a brave Slovenia side who had held them to a 0-0 draw after Cristiano Ronaldo’s extra-time miss from the spot in a dramatic Euro 2024 last-16 clash on Monday.

Portugal had the lion’s share of the chances but also their brilliant goalkeeper to thank for a one-on-one save from Slovenia striker Benjamin Sesko as they stumbled into a quarter-final meeting with France in Hamburg on Friday.

Costa also saved from Josip Ilicic, Jure Balkovec and Benjamin Verbic in the shootout – the first keeper to save three penalties in a Euros shootout – to send his side through despite a team performance that lacked spark for the most part.

Euro 2024: Road to Berlin
ROUND OF 16	FIXTURES	VENUE
		
Sat June 29, 19.00 (1)	Switzerland 2 Italy 0	Berlin
Sat June 29, 22.00 (2)	Germany 2 Denmark 0	Dortmund
Sun June 30, 19.00 (3)	England 2 Slovakia 1	Gelsenkirchen
Sun June 30, 22.00 (4)	Spain 4 Georgia 1	Cologne
Mon July 1, 19.00 (5)	France 1 Belgium 0	Dusseldorf
Mon July 1, 22.00 (6)	Portugal 1 (Pen) Slovenia 0	Frankfurt
Tue July 2, 19.00 (7)	Romania v Netherlands	Munich
Tue July 2, 22.00 (8)	Austria v Turkey	Leipzig
QUARTER-FINALS		
July 5, 19.00 (1)	Spain v Germany	Stuttgart
July 5, 22.00 (2)	Portugal v France	Hamburg
July 6, 19.00 (3)	England v Switzerland	Dusseldorf
July 6, 22.00 (4)	7 v 8	Berlin
SEMI-FINALS		
July 9, 22.00	1 v 2	Munich
July 10, 22.00	4 v 4	Dortmund
FINAL		
July 14, 22.00		Berlin

“This is probably the best game of my life,” Costa said. “I focused on doing what I had to do. I went with my gut feeling. Of course we had analysed the penalty takers, but players change how they shoot. I’m very happy and very excited to have helped the team.”

Ronaldo in particular will come under the spotlight as he wasted several opportunities to go with a penalty miss in extra-time that left him in a flood of tears and needing to be consoled by team mates.

“Even the strongest people have their (bad) days. I was at rock bottom … when the team needed me the most,” Ronaldo said in a post-match interview before bursting into tears again.

“Sadness at the start is joy at the end. That’s what football is. Moments, inexplicable moments,” he said.

“I feel sad and happy at the same time. But the important thing is to enjoy it. The team did an extraordinary job.

“We fought right to the end and if you look at it, if you analyse the game, I think we deserved it because we had more authority.”

SPOT KICK

Portugal were awarded the penalty late in the first half of extra time when Diogo Jota’s storming run into the box was illegally stopped by defender Vanja Drkusic, who had already been booked and was lucky not to receive a second yellow card.

They have a reliable penalty taker in their team in Bruno Fernandes but captain Ronaldo elected to take it and his effort was superbly saved to his left by Slovenia’s Jan Oblak, who pushed the ball onto the post.

Ronaldo, aiming to become the oldest scorer in Euros history at 39, had looked out of sorts all through the match, missing several headed chances.

He also insisted on taking all four free-kicks Portugal were awarded in shooting range, with none of them particularly threatening for Oblak.

Slovenia defended superbly and every time they had a scrap of possession they sent the ball long to forwards Andraz Sporar and Sesko to try and make something of it.

It was a ploy that worked well and Sesko had two one-on-one opportunities in the game, both from Pepe mistakes.

His first was scuffed wide and the second, some seven minutes from the end of extra time, was well saved by Costa.

That miss will no doubt haunt him and when it came to the pressure of the shootout Slovenia wilted in the face of excellent goalkeeping, much to the relief of Ronaldo, who to his credit scored the first penalty for Portugal.

Slovenia go home having played out four draws in Germany, but having qualified for the knockout rounds of a major tournament for the first time in their history.

“Unfortunately, it did not work out for us. I’m lost for words, the atmosphere here is amazing and that’s what makes it that much more difficult,” Oblak said.

“There’s nothing more to add. You see what happened in extra time, we had the opportunity to score, but we were probably missing a bit of luck.”

Follow Cyprus Mail on Google News
Share:
Reuters News Service
In case you missed it
Thursday 26 December | 12:03
2024’s worst TV shows
By Constantinos Psillides
Tuesday 24 December | 04:24
British Cypriot teen looking for stem cell donor
By Vasiliki Hadjigavriel
Monday 23 December | 15:56
President announces voluntary enlistment of women into National Guard
By Gina Agapiou
Sunday 22 December | 15:05
Cold War Czechoslovakia tried to infiltrate the British bases in Cyprus
By Kyriacos Iacovides
Under the EU's GDPR regulations you will not be able to read or make comments under articles unless you accept CM cookies because the commenting platform, Disqus, will be automatically disabled. This is because Disqus is a third party platform that uses cookies and/or trackers.

Click here to change your cookie preferences
Menu
Banking & Finance
Cyprus
Divided Island
Entertainment
Life & Style
Sport
Tech & Science
World
Newsfeed
Useful Information
Pharmacies
Airport Information
Cyprus Mail
Daily newsletter
What's on weekly newsletter
Newsroom and regular contributors
Social
Contact Us
© 2024 - Cyprus-mail.com. All Rights Reserved.
COOKIE POLICY
|
TERMS & CONDITIONS
|
WEBSITE’S COOKIES NOTICE
|
WEBSITE’S PRIVACY NOTICE
|
Privacy/Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cyprus-mail.com/2024/07/02/portugal-into-euro-2024-last-eight-after-costas-saves 
 ----- 
