Honest • Unbiased • Apolitical
Your Connection to the Diamond!

Write for Us
Subscribe to our Newsletter
MLB 
 
AL East 
 
AL Central 
 
AL West 
 
NL East 
 
NL Central 
 
NL West 
Major League Baseball  /  National League  /  NL West  /  Arizona Diamondbacks
The Arizona Diamondbacks Bullpen Has Been Tops in the NL in September
By Evan M. Thompson, Editor-in-chief
Photo by Chris Coduto/Getty Images
Category Arizona Diamondbacks
September 15, 2023
Arizona Diamondbacks: The NL’s Best Bullpen in September

For several years, the Arizona Diamondbacks’ most glaring weakness has been relief pitching. While improved in 2023, they still were in the bottom ten in the majors and bottom five in the NL for most of the season. September, however, has been a different story, as the Diamondbacks have the highest-rated relief corps in the National League for the month. In addition, they are 0.1 points behind the Detroit Tigers for the top ‘pen in the majors.

Sign up for free Sport Relay Notifications
Overall leaderboards for September, through end of play Sept 14. AL (red) on the left; NL (blue) on the right.
Performance in September

Diamondbacks relievers have put up zeroes in September at a higher rate than any other team in the NL. In 45 relief appearances by players in a Diamondback uniform (excluding position pitching), they have allowed an earned run eight times. This gives them a scoreless outing percentage (earned runs only) of 82.2%, the best rate in the National League. In the American League, only the Tampa Bay Rays (92.3%) have a higher rate. For context, the NL average is 71.6% and AL average is 71.4%.

Individual numbers are also impressive. So far in September, 11 pitchers have made at least one relief appearance for the Diamondbacks. Five have 100% scoreless outings — Andrew Saalfrank (4-for-4); Bryce Jarvis (2-for-2), who was optioned to Reno September 7; Luis Frias (5-for-5); Miguel Castro (5-for-5); and Ryan Thompson (4-for-4). Joe Mantiply, Kevin Ginkel, and Paul Sewald are all at 80%, 4-for-5 when counting earned runs only. Kyle Nelson is at 75% (3-for-4). The remaining two are Scott McGough (2-for-5, 40%) and Brandon Pfaadt, a starter who allowed runs in a piggyback role, his lone relief appearance.

Clutch

Clutch has also been a strength in September despite being a glaring weakness for the rest of the season. Sport Relay uses Goose Eggs and Broken Eggs in lieu of saves and blown saves (reasoning and stat explanation here). The Diamondbacks have seven Goose Eggs and no Broken Eggs in September. In other words, from the seventh inning onward in tie games or while holding a lead of no more than two runs, the Diamondbacks have pitched in eight innings. They did not give up an earned run in any of them, and in seven, they didn’t give up a run at all. (The eighth saw the automatic runner score but no one else.)

Under these conditions, Ginkel, Sewald, and Thompson have pitched two scoreless innings each. Saalfrank pitched the seventh scoreless inning.

Other Stats

The Diamondbacks are third in the NL in September for reliever WHIP with 1.061, 216 points below the league average of 1.277. Only the Los Angeles Dodgers (0.969) and Pittsburgh Pirates (1.023) have a lower reliever WHIP in the month. Five Diamondbacks have WHIPs below 1.000 — Thompson (0.214); Frias (0.400); Castro (0.643); Ginkel and Saalfrank (0.750 each).

The final category Sport Relay uses in its reliever rankings — and the one with the lowest weight — is command, which uses strikeout percentage minus walk percentage (K-BB%). As a team, the Diamondbacks are sixth in the NL out of fifteen teams (14.4%; NL average is 13.6%). Individually, however, there are four Diamondback relievers with 20.0% or higher — Ginkel (42.1%), Castro (33.3%), Frias (21.1%), and Saalfrank (20.0%).

Factors in the Strong Diamondbacks Bullpen Performance

Right-hander Scott McGough attributes the overall success of the unit to “tightening the screws up” and everyone having “solidified roles.” Manager Torey Lovullo said, “It’s been a handoff mentality. We have some guys that have carried us early in the year that have handed it off to some newer blood. The injection of Ryan Thompson and Andrew Saalfrank has certainly helped us. We’ve had some guys that have had some very consistent years. And then getting Paul Sewald really was something that made us it solidify things for us.”

Lovullo continued, “It’s kind of been a cycle. Early on, the bullpen was extremely hot and carrying the workload. They hit a little bit of a lull, (and) the hitters took off. The bullpen handled another little bit of a lull. We got some reinforcements, and that’s where we are today.”

The Reinforcements

The “reinforcements” are the three newcomers — Sewald, Thompson, and Saalfrank. This trio has helped the relief unit out, not only with their performance but by giving Lovullo a higher number of trustworthy options. Lovullo said Sewald gave him a “legitimate ninth-inning closer” and added that he can “build in front of that.” Left-hander Kyle Nelson added, “He’s got a ton of experience — fresh experience in the playoffs,” referring to Sewald’s experience in the 2022 postseason with the Seattle Mariners. In addition, according to Nelson, Sewald is “a joy to be around.”

Thompson, who came to the Diamondbacks in August after spending three and a half seasons with the Rays, has a “quirky angle” in his delivery and brings “the energy of someone who’s seen things, especially playoff games,” according to Nelson, who added that Thompson pitched in the 2020 World Series. He is someone who can “come in and go about his business the right way,” according to McGough. Lovullo noted Thompson’s “ability to pound the zone” to get both early outs and weak-contact outs.

Saalfrank, a lefty, was called up September 4 and made his big league debut the next day against the Colorado Rockies. He has fit in well with the team, asking questions and soaking up the knowledge. McGough said he’s “done such a good job as a rookie coming up, looking at what everyone’s doing, and blends in really well.” Nelson pointed out that he tries to “sponge a lot of information,” something that is the “best thing to do” when first coming up. “Listen as much as you can,” Nelson said. While on the mound, Saalfrank “attacks you,” in the words of McGough. “He’s not scared. He attacks.” Saalfrank does so with “swing and miss stuff,” according to both Nelson and Lovullo.

Looking Ahead

Having the best-performing relief unit in the NL over the month of September has kept the Diamondbacks in the playoff hunt. The three newcomers have been a big part of it, not only with their own performance but with what they’ve contributed to their teammates. “I’ve watched their personalities morph and grow as they’ve become more comfortable each day,” Nelson smiled. “It’s been really nice,” adding that it’s something that’s necessary to have a “good, functioning bullpen unit.”

More Arizona Diamondbacks Articles
Article navigation
← Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
More MLB Articles
Post navigation
← Shea Langeliers’ Hot Summer Continues
Diamondbacks Hang on, Net Crucial Victory over Cubs →
 
Category Breakdowns
Team-by-team scores in the Clutch category.
Run Prevention scores, team by team
Baserunner Prevention scores, team by team
Command scores, team by team
Main Photo:

Embed from Getty Images

Category Arizona Diamondbacks
Tags 2023 Arizona Diamondbacks Andrew Saalfrank Bullpen Joe Mantiply Kevin Ginkel Kyle Nelson Luis Frias Miguel Castro Paul Sewald Ryan Thompson Scott McGough
Share "The Arizona Diamondbacks Bullpen Has Been Tops in the NL in September" on social media:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
WhatsApp
Email
More Arizona Diamondbacks News
Diamondbacks Trade for Josh Naylor
Arizona Diamondbacks
2024 NL Wild Card Picture Entering Sunday — Guid
Arizona Diamondbacks
Diamondbacks Reportedly Sign Starting Pitcher Corb
Arizona Diamondbacks
Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
Arizona Diamondbacks
Diamondbacks Trade for Josh Naylor
Arizona Diamondbacks
2024 NL Wild Card Picture Entering Sunday — Guid
Arizona Diamondbacks
Diamondbacks Reportedly Sign Starting Pitcher Corb
Arizona Diamondbacks
Joc Pederson, Rangers Agree to Two-Year Deal
Arizona Diamondbacks
Evan M. Thompson, Editor-in-chief

Evan is the owner and sole contributor of Thompson Talks, a website discussing the Big Four North American Pro Sports as well as soccer. He also is a credentialed member of the Colorado Rockies press corps. His first and biggest love is baseball.

Evan lives in Gilbert, Arizona and loves history, especially of sports. He is the treasurer for the Hemond Chapter of the Society for American Baseball Research (SABR) and also is a USSF and AIA soccer referee. He released his first book, Volume I of A Complete History of the Major League Baseball Playoffs, in October of 2021.

Order Evan's book at store.bookbaby.com
Follow Evan on Twitter: @evan_m_thompson
Support Evan on Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/user?u=81411994

Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 
Trending Now
Follow Sport Relay on Social Media
Facebook
LinkedIn
Medium
Twitter
X
Feed
Join the Discussion
Two Free Agents Would Relieve Baltimore Orioles’ Rotation Worries – Sports and More Sports on Baltimore Orioles 2023: Ready To Fly Again?
Nate Graham on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Robb Darden on The Trevor Rogers Era May Be Over in Baltimore
Mike Hennelly Jr on Phillies Acquire Tanner Banks from the White Sox
LILIA Zulema GARCIA on Padres Acquire All-Star Closer Tanner Scott From Marlins
Breaking News
Padres Avoid Arbitration with Several Players
Jarred Kelenic, Braves Agree to One-Year Contract
The Padres Family Feud: An Overview
Braves Free Agent Targets After Prolonged Drought
Rangers Trade Owen White to Reds
In Case You Missed It
January 2025
December 2024
November 2024
October 2024
MLB Home
About
Contact
Resources
Newsroom Guidelines
Privacy Policy
Write for Us
Writer Directory
Subscribe to the Newsletter
Scoreless Outings & Goose Eggs
© 2022 - 2025 SportRelay.com

Welcome to sportrelay.com

sportrelay.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportrelay.com/mlb/2023/09/15/diamondbacks-bullpen-best-nl-september/ 
 ----- 
