Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
Royce Lewis' 4th grand slam sets Twins single-season record
ESPN News Services
Sep 15, 2023, 11:22 PM ET

Royce Lewis set a franchise record with his fourth grand slam of the season in the Minnesota Twins' 10-2 victory over the Chicago White Sox on Friday night.

Minnesota got to Chicago early with help from Lewis in the second inning. The Twins loaded the bases with two outs before the rookie followed with a home run to left field for a 4-0 lead.

Lewis, who entered Friday hitting .323 over his last 45 games, has five grand slams in 66 career games (4 this season, 1 last season), passing Alexei Ramírez for the most grand slams by a rookie in MLB history.

"I'm absolutely amazed," Minnesota manager Rocco Baldelli said. "I've never seen anyone do anything like this in my life on any level ... high school, college or anything. I've never seen anyone do that."

Fewest Career Games To 5 Grand Slams

Royce Lewis reached five career grand slams in just 66 games played, by far the fewest in MLB history.

PLAYER	GAMES
Royce Lewis	66
Rudy York	139
Alexei Ramírez	152
Jim Gentile	229
-- Elias Sports Bureau

Lewis deflected the spotlight when asked about his new place in Twins history.

"I think about the wins that come with [setting the record]," Lewis said. "It seems like every time I hit one we've won the game, so hopefully we can keep doing that and have some other guys hit some too, which would be great."

All four of Lewis' grand slams this season have come in his last 18 games, the shortest span to hit four grand slams in MLB history (Don Mattingly is next, accomplishing the feat in 39 games during the 1987 season, and Travis Hafner in 44 games in 2006).

Matt Wallner, Max Kepler, Willi Castro and Ryan Jeffers added RBI singles to help the Twins maintain their eight-game lead in the American League Central over the Cleveland Guardians.

The Twins have won sixth straight against the White Sox, their longest win streak against Chicago within a season since 2011.

ESPN Stats & Information and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

GebruiksvoorwaardenPrivacybeleidGepersonaliseerde advertentiesEuropese Privacy RegelgevingCookiebeleidSupportManage Privacy Preferences
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. Alle rechten voorbehouden.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/38410058/royce-lewis-4th-grand-slam-sets-twins-single-season-record 
 ----- 
