Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Dallas Cowboys
Dak Prescott vs. Trey Lance: Cowboys exec reveals master plan for QB room

Both QBs have something to prove, Dallas will have two elite players under center

Dak Prescott (left) and Trey Lance (right)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 14/09/2023 - 19:02 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Stefon Diggs offers his side of the story after reporter apologizes for her comments
NFL. All New England Patriots' starters on offensive line are on injury report

Dallas Cowboys executive Stephen Jones, who is the son of franchise owner Jerry Jones, revealed the real reason why the team acquired Trey Lance in a trade with the San Francisco 49ers despite believing in Dak Prescott.

Stephen, 59, recently made an appearance on Sirius XMNFL Radio and confirmed Prescott "will be around here for many, many years to come." The reason they traded for Lance was to have a solid backup QB, meaning Cooper Rush will likely become the third option.

Trevon Diggs gives son Aaiden a football during Cowboys' most recent game

"Dak's the unquestioned leader here on this football team," Jones said. "He's got rare skills in that area in terms of being able to lead the team. You know, we look at Dak as a guy who's gonna be around here for many, many years to come.

"And I just really felt like Trey Lance, you know, upgraded the room and gives us a chance if something were to happen to Dak to stay in the mix like other teams have done in the past.

"I know [Philadelphia Eagles] did it one year with Nick Foles. And sometimes you don't get your Number One guy all the way through the year and it's always nice to improve that room."

Prescott and Lance both have something to prove

Prescott, 30, led the league in interceptions last year and is often the scapegoat when Dallas doesn't make it past the first postseason game.

Lance, 23, has only played eight NFL games since being drafted by San Francisco in 2021. Injuries have been the reason for his slow start.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

Both quarterbacks have something to prove, and Stephen's master plan is to have an elite player under center at all times, so expect more news coming out of the Cowboys' QB room throughout the season.

"We look at personnel around here as upgrading the room," Stephen said. "And at each position, we're always trying to make our roster better. We just felt like that Trey gave us something that improved that room, in terms of if something were to happen to Dak. We all know he's missed 15 games over the last three years. So, you know, if something were to happen and you needed to make a run without Dak, then you wanna have given yourself every opportunity to go in there and have success without Dak."

NFL - English
Dallas Cowboys - English
Dak Prescott - English
Trey Lance - English
Dallas CowboysDak Prescott sedated for 11 hours during tattoo session, didn't tell Cowboys
Dallas CowboysJerry Jones declares Dak Prescott a better leader than Aikman and Romo
Celebrity net worthDak Prescott Net Worth 2023: How much is the Cowboys QB getting from endorsements?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/dallas-cowboys/2023/09/15/65039eb3ca47417c508b45cf.html 
 ----- 
