Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
MLS
News
Schedule
Scores
Standings
MLS - Major League Soccer
Tata Martino sheds light on Lionel Messi's unrelenting competitiveness: "He's on a permanent quest to win"

A little under two months since reuniting in Miami, the two can't stop winning.

Martino and Messi at Maxi Rodriguez's farewell match in Rosario.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
14/09/2023 - 17:33 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Soccer. CF Montreal's Miljevic caught playing in amateur league under alias, suspended for punching player
Soccer. Messi's next MLS game will be in this incredible stadium, a futuristic design!

Lionel Messi has revolutionized Inter Miami since stepping onto the field for the MLS side on July 21. But he hasn't done it alone. Sergio Busquets, Jordi Alba and other players have contributed plenty, while playing for new manager Gerardo "Tata" Martino.

Martino is no stranger to success in America. He was at the helm of Atlanta United during their expansion season and led the club to their first MLS Cup in his final season in 2018. After a rocky stint with Mexico's national team, Martino was hired by Inter Miami, in part because of his close relationship with Messi.

The two were on the same side at FC Barcelona for one season, before leading the Argentina national team from 2014-2016. While Martino wouldn't classify those years as a success, Argentina made two Copa America final appearances and Barcelona won the Supercopa under Martino.

An incredible desire to win

A little under two months since reuniting in Miami, the two can't stop winning. Since Messi arrived, Miami has played 12 games across all competitions, winning 11 of them (three on penalties) and tying just one time. Among those wins was the Leagues Cup final and a US Open Cup semifinal.

Leagues Cup (Final): Highlights and goals for Nashville SC (9) 1-1 (10) Inter MiamiMLS

Despite all that success, Martino reveals in a recent interview with The Athletic that Messi was extremely bothered by the one draw.

Leo was visibly frustrated after our scoreless draw against Nashville. I had to tell him, 'relax, we're not going to win every game. We can't allow draws but we have to continue to find ways to grow.' He was very bitter. It was as if we had lost the game. We're still trying to find ourselves (as a team), but he's on a permanent quest to win and it's very difficult to change that mentality. I would never want to change that mentality either. That's what makes him better.

Messi shows unusual behavior during frustrating tie for Inter MiamiParker Johnson
Enjoying life in the US

At 36 years old and out of the European spotlight, one would have assumed that Messi would take it easy in the United States. Many have claimed MLS is a "retirement league", and yet the greatest footballer of all-time has treated every game like a Champions League final.

Playing for someone he respects, like Martino, makes Messi comfortable. And when Messi is comfortable and happy, he thrives. Martino appears to be very content at Miami as well.

Six years ago I confirmed what it was like to work in MLS. I really enjoyed it. I enjoyed that project. With the opportunity to come to Miami, yes it's a different city, and the exposure is greater now with Leo, Busquets, Jordi and the tremendous careers that they've had. It's a league that we like and we like living in the United States. And now the results have come right away. That always helps. We work calmly here. There's no reason why this moment shouldn't be one that we enjoy.

MORE in MARCA
Experts warn...
Marca
Sarah Fergu...
Marca

Having Messi by his side has helped contribute to those early positive results. Messi is as motivated as ever to succeed, something that has always driven the best athletes. When asked about how Messi has evolved as he's aged, a la Michael Jordan or LeBron James, Martino had this to say.

All of those athletes have a similar mentality. It's a mentality that he hasn't changed since he was 17 years old up to this stage of his sporting career... that's what these athletes all have in common. The way they compete. The way that they're always trying to be the best.

MLS: Highlights and goals from LAFC 1-3 Inter MiamiMLS

It's that type of competitiveness that has driven Messi to become the most decorated footballer in the history of the sport. The trophies keep coming, and will continue to come, until his body or mind decide it's time to relax.

MLS - English
Inter Miami - English
Lionel Messi - English
Argentina National Football Team - English
ArgentinaLeo Messi travels to Bolivia with discomfort and Inter Miami worries about its star
ArgentinaWhy did Lionel Messi's wife Antonela Roccuzzo not travel to Argentina with the soccer ace?
MLS - Major League SoccerDeion Sanders' bodyguard becomes as famous as Messi's thanks to a wild t-shirt
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/mls/2023/09/15/6503879222601de9028b45d1.html 
 ----- 
