Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Minnesota Vikings
Justin Jefferson breaks new receiving record in game against Eagles

Justin Jefferson is breaking records for fun during his short time in the NFL

Jefferson has been the focal point of the offense since his arrival in the leagueLAPRESSE
TA
14/09/2023 - 22:33 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
No Cooper Kupp, no problem for Rams... until now: Puka Nacua misses practice with oblique injury
Goff not focused on record for attempts without an INT: I have to keep taking care of the ball

Justin Jefferson's name seems to be synonymous with the NFL record books lately. The dynamic Minnesota Vikings receiver added another feather to his cap by matching the illustrious Hall of Famer, Lance Alworth, passing him as the fastest to 5,000 career receiving yards. This historic moment was marked during a 4-yard reception in the second quarter of the Thursday night matchup against the Philadelphia Eagles.

Though the Vikings found it challenging to navigate downfield during early quarters of this game, Jefferson's volume shone through with his fourth reception of the night.

The achievements don't stop there for Jefferson. Just in Week 1, he outshone yet another Hall of Famer, Randy Moss, when he bagged the league record for the highest number of 150-yard receiving games before the age of 25, tallying an impressive nine such games. Add to that, his previous feat of recording the most yards in the initial three seasons of an NFL career stands at a whopping 4,825 yards.

Last season alone, Jefferson, who is only 24 years old, dominated the league with 128 receptions and a staggering 1,809 receiving yards. Such was his success that he clinched the All-Pro honors and was crowned the AP Offensive Player of the Year.

Jefferson's entrance to the NFL was marked with great anticipation. Selected as the No. 22 overall pick in the 2020 draft, he was eyed as a potential replacement for Stefon Diggs, whom the Vikings had dispatched to the Buffalo Bills. It didn't take long for Jefferson to demonstrate his worth. In just his third NFL game, he showcased a remarkable performance against the Tennessee Titans, amassing 175 yards from seven passes, which included a touchdown. That season, he concluded with an incredible 1,400 yards accumulated from 88 receptions.

With each passing year, Jefferson seems to outdo himself. After posting 1,616 yards in 2021, he elevated the number to 1,809 in 2022. To put his performance in perspective, the standing NFL record for receiving yards in a single season, held by Detroit Lions' Calvin Johnson since 2012, is 1,964 yards.

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca
Prince Harry...
Marca

Justin Jefferson's trajectory in the NFL is nothing short of explosive. With his consistent record-breaking performances, the receiver is not only redefining benchmarks for new players but is also rapidly etching his name among the all-time greats of the game.

Justin Jefferson - English
Minnesota Vikings - English
NFL - English
NFLVikings vs. Eagles Week 2: Best prop bets and picks for Thursday Night Football
Minnesota VikingsJustin Jefferson is next in line for market-setting contract, but it won't come until 2024
Tampa Bay BuccaneersBaker Mayfield praises Vikings defense as his grit helps Buccaneers forget Tom Brady
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Heeft u moeite met lange stukke...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/minnesota-vikings/2023/09/15/6503c726268e3eae1c8b45bc.html 
 ----- 
