This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. To learn more, view the following link: Privacy Notice
Skip to main content
Open Main Menu Navigation
Open Search
CLOUDY ICON
76º
Go to the WPLG homepage
Sign In
NEWS
WEATHER
SPORTS
FEATURES
ENTERTAINMENT
ESPAÑOL
NEWSLETTERS
CONTACT US

WEATHER ALERT

A rip current statement in effect for Coastal Broward and Coastal Miami Dade Regions
Show Breaking News Bar
SPORTS
Berti homers twice in 6-1 win as Marlins prevent Brewers from clinching NL Central

Associated Press

Published: September 24, 2023 at 5:03 PM
Tags: MLB, Marlins, Miami Marlins
MIAMI, FLORIDA - SEPTEMBER 24: Jon Berti #5 of the Miami Marlins celebrates hitting a home run against the Milwaukee Brewers during the fifth inning at loanDepot park on September 24, 2023 in Miami, Florida. (Photo by Rich Storry/Getty Images) (Rich Storry, 2023 Getty Images)

MIAMI – Jon Berti had his second career multihomer game, and the Miami Marlins beat Milwaukee 6-1 on Sunday, the second straight day they prevented the Brewers from clinching the NL Central.

Josh Bell also went deep, Jorge Soler had three hits and Jazz Chisholm Jr. doubled twice for the Marlins, who began the day one game behind the Chicago Cubs for the third NL wild card spot. Milwaukee entered with a seven-game lead over the Cubs.

Recommended Videos

'I feel good!': Sylvia Gumberg turns 112 in Aventura
Video Player is loading.
Unmute
Duration 
0:53
/
Current Time 
0:00
Playback Speed Settings
1x
Fullscreen
Play
Rewind 10 Seconds
Up Next

Marlins starter Edward Cabrera (7-7) allowed one run and five hits in five-plus innings with five strikeouts.

Xavier Edwards stepped in for injured Miami infielder Luis Arraez and had three hits and two stolen bases. Arraez, the major league batting leader at .353, didn’t play after he aggravated a sprained left ankle Saturday. Arraez rolled his ankle during pre-game infield drills Tuesday then slipped on the dugout steps before the ninth inning Saturday.

Berti homered in the second on a slider from Freddy Peralta (12-10), who gave up four runs and nine hits in three innings. Bell’s solo homer and Bryan De La Cruz’s two-run single boosted the lead to 4-0 in the third.

Milwaukee closed on Tyrone Taylor’s RBI single in the fifth before Berti completed a 13-pitch at-bat with a two-run homer off Julio Teheran in the bottom half, Berti’s sixth home run this season. Berti’s only other multihomer game was on May 4 last year against Arizona.

Miami went 46-35 at home, up from 34-47 last year, and finish the regular season with three-game series at the New York Mets and Pittsburgh Pirates.

ATTENDANCE UPTICK

Miami drew 17,538 Sunday and finished with home attendance of 1,162,819, an increase of 255,332 from last year but still the NL low. Miami topped 1 million for the first time since drawing 1,583,014 in 2017.

MILESTONE FOR SCOTT

Marlins closer Tanner Scott struck out the side in a perfect ninth, giving him 101 strikeouts. He is the first Miami reliever to reach triple digits.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Brewers: RHP Elvis Peguero (right elbow infusion) threw before the game and is expected to progress to a bullpen session in the next two days.

Marlins: OF Avisaíl García (left hamstring strain) continues with baseball activities and running progression. He will begin base running drills the next few days.

UP NEXT

Brewers: RHP Adrian Houser (7-4, 4.35) will start the opener of a three-game home series against St. Louis on Tuesday. The Cardinals will go with LHP Zack Thompson (5-7, 4.57).

Marlins: LHP Braxton Garrett (9-6, 3.53) starts Tuesday’s series opener at the Mets, who go with LHP Joey Lucchesi (3-0, 2.88).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright 2023 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Associated Press
RELATED STORIES
Burger hits game-winning single in 9th, Marlins beat Mets 4-3 after blowing late lead
Read full article: Burger hits game-winning single in 9th, Marlins beat Mets 4-3 after blowing late lead
Mark Vientos homers twice, Senga goes 6 innings, Mets beat Marlins 8-3
Read full article: Mark Vientos homers twice, Senga goes 6 innings, Mets beat Marlins 8-3
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara sidelined for the rest of the season with an arm injury
Read full article: Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara sidelined for the rest of the season with an arm injury
Marketplace
Sell Your Items - Free to List
Visit Full Marketplace

Tyco Dixie’s Diner Play Set Sealed NOS Vintage 1988

$50

MATTHEW M. | sellwild.com

Soft Black Shrug Shawl Fringed Womens One Size

$19

LIBBY B. | sellwild.com

Powered by

FEATURED FLORIDA PINS!
MOlife

Marathon Weekend is half over- in days not distance.

 Write A Comment..
MOlife

Holidays always feel brighter when the amaryllis bulbs are blooming.

 Write A Comment..

Recommended Videos

BACK TO TOP

TV Listings

Email Newsletters

RSS Feeds

Closed Captioning / Audio Description

Contact Us

Careers at WPLG

Terms of Use

Privacy Policy

Public File

FCC Applications

EEO Report

Do Not Sell My Info

1.0 Host Exhibit

Cookie Preferences

FOLLOW US
Visit our YouTube page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Facebook page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our Instagram page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our X page (opens in a new tab)
Visit our RSS Feed page (opens in a new tab)

If you need help with the Public File, call (954) 364-2526.

Copyright © 2025 Local10.com is published by WPLG INC., a Berkshire Hathaway company.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.local10.com/sports/2023/09/24/berti-homers-twice-in-6-1-win-as-marlins-prevent-brewers-from-clinching-nl-central/ 
 ----- 
