Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Column: Another Chicago Cubs home season ends at Wrigley Field, where traditions still matter
Stacey Wescott/Chicago Tribune
1 of 30

Chicago Cubs third baseman Patrick Wisdom (16) throws out Colorado Rockies center fielder Brenton Doyle (9) on a sacrifice bunt in the top of the third inning at Wrigley Field on Sept. 24, 2023.

By PAUL SULLIVAN | psullivan@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 25, 2023 at 1:44 PM CDT

The Chicago Cubs’ final regular season home game at Wrigley Field on Sunday afternoon was probably not unlike the end of their first season at the ballpark 107 years ago, albeit with more fans and richer players.

The Cubs beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6-3 before an estimated crowd of 5,000 on Oct. 1, 1916, then prepared to meet the White Sox in the City Series, the exhibition games that mattered most to Chicagoans. On Sunday, the Cubs beat the Colorado Rockies 4-3 before a crowd of 37,060 and prepared for a season-ending six-game road trip that would decide their postseason fate.

Chicago Cubs fans in the left-field bleachers celebrate after a victory over the Colorado Rockies at Wrigley Field on Sept. 22, 2023.

Even if the Cubs make it into the playoffs, chances are they won’t have a home game unless they win the National League wild-card series and advance to the NL Division Series, where they would start out on the road.

So people who call the ballpark home from March through the end of the regular season said their goodbyes Sunday, hoping they’d be back again in mid-October, knowing the odds were stacked against it.

The day began early in the morning with several tour groups walking around Wrigley listening to a history of the ballpark. One tour guide spread the myth that the Cubs were robbed of a potential playoff home game in their loss to the San Diego Padres in the 1984 NL Championship Series because they hadn’t installed lights.

I stifled the urge to correct the misguided guide and continued on to the field, where bench coach Andy Green was throwing batting practice to the grounds crew and the mascot, Clark the Cub. Head groundskeeper Dan Kiermaier said Green offered to throw to them before the final home game a few years ago, and it became a final-day tradition.

“Small way to give thanks,” Green said. “Those guys work hard for us all year long.”

A barefooted Justin Steele threw a football to teammates in the outfield, doing his best Patrick Mahomes imitation with a behind-the-back pass. Father Burke Masters conducted mass for Wrigley employees before security guards and ushers celebrated their colleagues who had completed an anniversary season.

Cubs stars Christopher Morel and Adbert Alzolay surprised one of their favorite security guards, Paco, with a birthday cake near the home dugout. Morel gave a speech in Spanish lauding their friend, who was touched by their generosity.

One of my early Tribune assignments was to gauge the mood of Cubs fans at the final home game of the 1983 season, when the team was playing out the string. Marv Rich, a self-described bleacher bum since 1943, said the Cubs’ lost season was not going to ruin his winter. “Cubs fans are Cubs fans for life,” Rich said. “It gets in your blood and never leaves.” The article ran under the still-relevant headline: “Cubs fans never lose hope.”

Forty years later, I was back in the bleachers again for another Cubs finale. Before the game, the regulars set up a potluck brunch on the seats in the left field bleachers, bringing in everything from Michael’s Pizza to White Castle sliders to giant shrimp, with chocolate chip cookies, donuts and enough treats to last a week. This also was an “end of Wrigley” tradition, as fans and security personnel alike stood in line together for the free bleacher smorgasbord.

By the time the game began at 1:20 p.m. on a perfect, 73-degree afternoon, many fans were already sunburnt and satiated. This was a hugely important game for the Cubs in their quest for the postseason, but everyone settled in for the equivalent of one last group hug.

They’d seen better Cubs teams at Wrigley over the years, and many, many worse ones. But the 2023 Cubs provided them with one of the most up-and-down seasons imaginable.

From the so-called “Stropener” on March 30, when Marcus Stroman outdueled Milwaukee Brewers ace Corbin Burnes in a 4-0 win, to Sunday’s home finale, it was a wild ride from beginning to end. Morel’s three-run, walk-off home run in a 4-3 win against the White Sox on Aug. 16 was one they’ll remember for years to come. The 8-6 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates last Thursday, leaving the Cubs 3-10 over a 13-game stretch in the pennant race, was one most hope to forget.

Chicago Cubs players Christopher Morel and Adbert Alzolay with a birthday cake for security guard Paco (not pictured) before the start of the game at Wrigley Field on Sept. 24, 2023.

In between there were plenty of memorable moments, from Cody’ Bellinger’s “Belli Bombs” to the collision between Drew Smyly and catcher Yan Gomes on April 21 that spoiled Smyly’s perfect game bid in the eighth inning of a 13-0 win over the Los Angeles Dodgers. Ross confirmed afterward he would not have lifted Smyly during his no-hitter, no matter the pitch count.

“Oh, yeah, I was going to ride him harder than Yan did,” Ross said. The Cubs turned a photo of the collision into a T-shirt, with Ross’s crack on the back, and dispensed them throughout the clubhouse. One of the keys to clubhouse culture is the ability to laugh at themselves from time to time. It’s a long season, after all.

Sunday’s game was much like the roller coaster season. The Rockies took a 2-1 lead in the third inning and added another in the sixth on Nolan Jones’ solo homer. Patrick Wisdom’s two-run shot gave the Cubs the lead again in the bottom of the sixth, and one inning later the grounds crew came together to sing during the seventh-inning stretch, another last-game tradition that began many years ago.

Afterward fans sang their victory song and the players responded by tipping their caps. Then the stands cleared and people went home, or perhaps went in search of the Bears game at a local watering hole.

Traditions still matter here, no matter how trivial they may seem to outsiders.

It’s what makes Wrigley a place like no other.

Originally Published: September 24, 2023 at 5:14 PM CDT
Around the Web
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
See How Much Nurses Make in The US. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in USA
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Stair Lift
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Healthier Living
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
Nurse Salaries & Degrees in Canada Might Surprise You. See Options
Nurse Job in Canada
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
Top 10 Things to Do in South America
Viral Vacation Ideas
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Exploring the Most Dangerous Places in the World
Viral Vacation Ideas
10 Money-making Mobile Apps: Start Earning Now
Wish Jobs
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Ahead of CTA fiscal cliff, Mayor Brandon Johnson warns Springfield not to hold Chicago hostage for ‘political gain’
Edward Hospital’s fitness center in Naperville remains unused nearly two years after closure
Donald Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
US official warns Puerto Rico of weak power generation as it prepares for a Trump administration
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Editorial: Cool Costco living project gives Chicago a blueprint on housing affordability
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
24
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/24/column-another-chicago-cubs-home-season-ends-at-wrigley-field-where-traditions-still-matter/ 
 ----- 
