Match Ticker
Premier League
Other Competitions
Opta Football Stats
Opta Football Predictions
Newsletter
American Football
More
NBA
NCAA
RUGBY
Wales vs France Prediction and Preview
MAR 7, 2024
NICK BENTLEY / AUTHOR
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Share

We look ahead to Sunday’s 2024 Guinness Men’s Six Nations match in Cardiff with our Wales vs France prediction and preview.

France are having a tough time of things in 2024 so far. A heavy loss, narrow win and a draw after three rounds is well below expectations for Fabien Galthié’s men. They’ll be hoping to close out the Championship with back-to-back victories to salvage some pride and a probable second-place finish.

First on their hit list is Wales and they’ve got good form against them, winning their last five clashes, including a 41-28 victory last year in Paris. This is their longest winning streak against the Principality since a run of 12 victories between 1983 and 1993, and with the Welsh having lost their three opening matches, Les Bleus should be confident.

France might be having a tough time of it but that is nothing compared to Wales’s woes. Ten losses in their last 11 Six Nations Championship matches is a huge worry and that Super Saturday clash against Italy in the final round is already set to be a massive match for both sides.

That said, this Round 4 clash with France could provide an opportunity to spring a surprise. All the pressure will be on Galthié’s side and if Warren Gatland can muster some momentum early on then they could earn a result that takes the pressure off in that Round 5 meeting with the Azzurri.

CONDUCT YOUR OWN ANALYSIS
RUGBY
Six Nations 2024 Stats Hub
11 MONTHS AGO ROBBIE DUNNE
Strengths

If there’s one person in rugby you’d try and keep happy, it’s Shaun Edwards. Luckily then, France boast the highest tackle success rate of any team in this year’s Six Nations (90%) and missed just 11 tackles during their most recent match against Italy, the fewest of any team in a single game this year.

France have also made a competition joint-high six try-saving tackles (tied with Italy) and just three of their missed tackles have led to a try being scored. Only Ireland have a lower tally (1) in that area. France are really putting everything in to defend their try line.

We can analyse how specifically those missed tackles have come about, too. A Championship-low 44% of their misses have seen them being ‘bumped off’, while only Scotland (39%) have seen a higher proportion of missed tackles come as a result of being ‘stepped’ (38%).

Those numbers will prick the ears of the lighter-footed Welsh attackers like Rio Dyer, suggesting the way through is dancing not bulldozing. That might be the reason for Gatland’s shuffle in midfield, with Owen Watkin and Joe Roberts replacing George North and Nick Tompkins.

The pickings are slim when looking for strengths in Wales’s 2024 Six Nations campaign so far. Their discipline has been good – only England (20) have conceded fewer penalties than Wales (21) – while their tally of just one yellow card is the best of any nation. Maybe that’s been part of the problem though, they’re being too nice.

Wales have the best ruck success rate (98%) of any side, but their average speed (4.4s) is the second slowest (England 4.6). They’ve made the second most carries and carry metres but their gainline success is the lowest of any side (36%).

Pretty much any positive you can find for Wales has a negative attached to it. They need to shake things up and maybe adopt a more direct and aggressive approach to break free in this one.

Weaknesses

We’ve already stumbled upon quite a few of Wales’s weaknesses but one we‘ve not looked at is their lineout. Their success rate of 79% is the lowest of any side, and they lost a staggering six throws against Scotland and then two against each of England and Ireland.

Ryan Elias, who returns to start in this match, has been responsible for eight of the 10 misplaced throws so far and will need to realign his sights if Wales are to avoid giving away cheap ball.

For the French, they’ve been the most casual when it comes to keeping hold of the ball or indeed winning it back. They’ve conceded 47 turnovers and won just 11, their net loss of 36 being the worst of any side.

Six turnovers conceded in either a ruck or maul is the most of any side and only England (23) have turned the ball over more often by dropping it (20) than France.

Standout Players

France’s Damian Penaud (50%) and Wales’ Rio Dyer (57%) are two of just four players to have evaded at least half of the tackles they’ve faced in the 2024 Six Nations (also Kyle Rowe and Alex Mitchell). Dyer also ranks joint-first for defenders beaten in this year’s Championship (12, also Ben Earl).

However, we’re plumping for Cameron Winnett as our standout player for Wales. Having only just turned 21, little was known about the Cardiff full-back, but he’s started his senior career in stride, topping the charts for carry metres (322) and metres gained (262) in the Championship so far.

Winnett cut his teeth in the Under-20 Six Nations, featuring in all 10 games across the 2022 and 2023 editions of the tournament, one of just six players to do so and the only Wales player in that group.

His eagerness to get involved in the action is highlighted by the fact he’s made the most carries (37) of any back in the 2024 Championship so far. Of his 37 carries, over half (20) have been kick returns, accruing 201 of his 322 metres specifically in this context.

Overall, he’s made just one mistake from the 21 catches he’s attempted from opposition kicks, and that was under extreme pressure from Kyle Steyn in the opening stages of Wales’ opening-round clash with Scotland. Since then, he is 19 from 19 on his defensive catches, a key factor in the success of any full-back.

Wales vs France Prediction

The Opta supercomputer makes France the strong favourites ahead of kick-off at the Principality Stadium. With France’s strong recent head-to-head record over the Welsh, it predicts the visitors will win by a 29-17 margin on Sunday.

Wales vs France Lineups

In Welsh team news, it’s a new-look centre paring for Wales as Gatland shuffles the pack. Dafydd Jenkins still leads the Wales Six Nations squad, he will do so from six as he moves back in the pack. Sam Costelow will start at fly-half.

Wales: 15 Cameron Winnett, 14 Josh Adams, 13 Joe Roberts, 12 Owen Watkin, 11 Rio Dyer, 10 Sam Costelow, 9 Tomos Williams; 1 Gareth Thomas, 2 Ryan Elias, 3 Keiron Assiratti, 4 Will Rowlands, 5 Adam Beard, 6 Dafydd Jenkins (c), 7 Tommy Reffell, 8 Aaron Wainwright.

Replacements: 16 Elliot Dee, 17 Corey Domachowski, 18 Dillon Lewis, 19 Alex Mann, 20 Mackenzie Martin, 21 Gareth Davies, 22 Ioan Lloyd, 23 Mason Grady.

Ahead of the clash with Gatland’s charges, Galthie has released forwards Dany Priso, Posolo Tuilagi and Cameron Woki and backs Pierre-Louis Barassi, Emilien Gailleton and Antoine Hastoy.

Galthie also heads into the final two weeks of the Championship without Jonathan Danty (suspended) and Matthieu Jalibert, who was injured against Italy.

Below is their predicted lineup:

France: 15 Leo Barre, 14 Damian Penaud, 13 Gael Fickou, 12 Nicolas Depoortere, 11 Louis Bielle-Biarrey, 10 Thomas Ramos, 9 Nolann Le Garrec, 8 Gregory Alldritt (c), 7 Charles Ollivon, 6 Francois Cros, 5 Emmanuel Meafou, 4 Thibaud Flament, 3 Uini Atonio, 2 Julien Marchand, 1 Cyril Baille

Replacements: 16 Peato Mauvaka, 17 Sébastien Taofifénua, 18 Georges-Henri Colombe, 19 Romain Taofifenua, 20 Alexandre Roumat, 21 Paul Boudehent, 22 Maxime Lucu, 23 Yoram Moefana

Other Six Nations Round 4 Fixtures:

Italy vs Scotland – Stadio Olimpico, Rome – Saturday 9 March, 14:15 GMT

England vs Ireland – Twickenham Stadium, London – Saturday 9 March, 16:45 GMT

Enjoy this? Subscribe to our mailing list to receive exclusive weekly content. And follow us on X too.

RELATED ARTICLES
RUGBY
Opta’s European Rugby Team of the Week: 26-29 December
3 DAYS AGO JONNY MCCORMICK
RUGBY
Opta’s European Rugby Team of the Week: 20-22 December
2 WEEKS AGO JONNY MCCORMICK
RUGBY
Opta’s European Rugby Team of the Week: 13-15 December
2 WEEKS AGO JONNY MCCORMICK
RUGBY
Wallabies Bouncing Ahead of 2025 Lions Tour: McReight, Wright, and the Key Stats Under Schmidt
3 WEEKS AGO JONNY MCCORMICK
Subscribe

Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive stats, news, and updates from Opta Analyst.

Country*
Select A Country
Canada
United States of America
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cabo Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (the former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova (Republic of)
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Réunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Korea (Republic of)
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suricontent
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to receive emails from Opta Analyst.
See our Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Information
Advertising
Cookie Policy
© 2025 Opta Analyst. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theanalyst.com/2024/03/wales-vs-france-prediction-and-preview 
 ----- 
