Subscribe
Home
Latest
Subscriber Only
Crosswords & Puzzles
Ireland
Politics
Opinion
Business
World
Sport
Gaelic Games
Rugby
Soccer
Golf
Racing
Athletics
Boxing
Cycling
Hockey
Tennis
Your Money
Crime & Law
Property
Food
Health
Life & Style
Culture
Environment
Technology
Science
Media
Abroad
Obituaries
Transport
Motors
Listen
Podcasts
Video
Photography
History
Tuarascáil
Student Hub
Offbeat
Family Notices
Opens in new window
Sponsored
Subscriber Rewards
Competitions
Weather Forecast
Sport
Cricket Ireland opt to postpone home series against Australia
Home series against South Africa will be held in the UAE while domestic T20 franchise competition will not be held in 2024
Expand
Ireland were due to host Australia this summer but that series has now been postponed. Photograph: Nick Potts/PA Wire
Nathan Johns
Thu Mar 07 2024 - 13:00

Ireland’s home series against Australia has been postponed by Cricket Ireland due to budgetary constraints.

Australia, the current World Cup champions, were due to be one of four men’s teams to tour Ireland this summer, according to the International Cricket Council’s (ICC) draft fixture schedule. However, for financial reasons, it is understood that the tour will not take place this year.

As well as the postponed tour, it is understood that this summer’s home series against South Africa will be held in the United Arab Emirates next October.

When asked for comment, a Cricket Ireland spokesman said that the schedule for the summer will be released on Friday, March 15th after next week’s ICC meeting has taken place.

READ MORE
Champions Cup Round Three: TV details, kick-off time, team news and more
Gerry Thornley: Connacht’s gripes with officials founded in something that feels real
Amateur rugby officials don’t give up their time to be insulted and abused
Five top Irish sporting prospects to watch in 2025

The spokesman confirmed that, alongside June’s T20 World Cup, there will be six series hosted by Cricket Ireland in 2024, three for the men’s side and three for the women’s.

Alongside Australia, Ireland men were due to host Pakistan, Zimbabwe and South Africa in 2024. With the country hosting its first Test match since 2018 when Zimbabwe will play in Stormont, Cricket Ireland are facing significant costs to host matches given the lack of a permanent stadium in this country.

Last year, a home series against Bangladesh was played in Chelmsford, while in 2022 South Africa were hosted in Bristol.

The T20 series vs Pakistan is likely to be held in Clontarf before this year’s World Cup in June. As well as the Zimbabwe Test match in Stormont, further white ball games are expected to be held in Bready.

Contrary to reports elsewhere, it is understood that a T20 tri-series between Ireland, Scotland and the Netherlands is not taking place in Ireland, but instead in the Netherlands.

Ireland women will host England, Sri Lanka and the Netherlands with all games taking place in this country.

The domestic schedule, including the return of First Class domestic matches, is expected to be confirmed next week as well. Last week, Cricket Ireland announced contracts for First Class umpires.

A domestic T20 franchise competition, formerly called the Euro Slam, which has yet to take place despite plans first being announced in 2019, will not be held this summer.

Listen to our Inside Politics Podcast for the latest analysis and chat
Sign up for push alerts and have the best news, analysis and comment delivered directly to your phone
Find The Irish Times on WhatsApp and stay up to date
Nathan Johns

Nathan Johns is an Irish Times journalist

Opens in new window
Opens in new window
Cricket Ireland
IN THIS SECTION
Connacht Council’s John Prenty criticises GPA over inconsistency in player welfare
Ulster eye coaching shake-up as Mark Sexton linked to Kingspan move
‘Chronic shortage’ of referees leaves Dublin GAA stretched to the limit
Sam Prendergast’s next task is to make Leinster less predictable
Leinster’s attack looking to make swift progress under Tyler Bleyendaal’s guidance
MOST READ
WRC ruling is final nail in coffin of the right to remote working
Temperatures could fall as low at -10 degrees, warns Met Éireann
Malachy Clerkin: Whatever anyone thinks about Rory Gallagher, the GAA president should not be influencing Naas GAA’s coaching choices
Kilkenny man (40s) dies in camper van from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
‘I haven’t seen the like of it since 1963,’ says priest as snowed-in north Cork parishioners avoid religious services
LATEST STORIES
Ireland weather: Temperatures drop to -5.7 degrees overnight as Met Éireann says cold snap to continue
Flutter profits hit as US gamblers win big on NFL games
France hits back at Trump threat to take Greenland by force
AIB raises €700m in new bond issue
New prostate cancer imaging shows ‘extremely encouraging’ results in trials
Facebook page
Twitter feed

© 2024 The Irish Times DAC

Subscribe
Why Subscribe?
Subscription Bundles
Subscriber Rewards
Student Subscription
Subscription Help Centre
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
Gift Subscriptions
Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Opens in new window
My Account
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
The Irish Times Trust
Careers
Irish Times Products & Services
ePaper
Crosswords & puzzles
Newspaper Archive
Newsletters
Article Index
Opens in new window
Discount Codes
Opens in new window
Download the app
   
MyHome.ie
Opens in new window
The Gloss
Opens in new window
Recruit Ireland
Opens in new window
Irish Times Training
Opens in new window
RIP.ie
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Cookie Settings
Community Standards
Copyright
We value your privacy
We and our 81 partners store and access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies. This is done to process personal data. To take these actions we require your consent, which you can provide through the banner options. You can manage your preferences and object to processing based on legitimate interest at any time in the privacy policy page. Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I ACCEPT MANAGE SETTINGS
The Irish Times would like to send you push notifications.
Website notifications can be changed in browser notifications preferences.
Don't AllowAllow
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/2024/03/07/cricket-ireland-opt-to-postpone-home-series-against-australia/ 
 ----- 
