Responsible use of your data
We and our 916 partners process your personal data, e.g. your IP-number, using technology such as cookies to store and access information on your device in order to serve personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience research and services development. You have a choice in who uses your data and for what purposes. You can change or withdraw your consent any time from the Cookie Declaration or by clicking on the Privacy trigger icon.

If you allow, we would also like to:
Collect information about your geographical location which can be accurate to within several meters
Identify your device by actively scanning it for specific characteristics (fingerprinting)
Find out more about how your personal data is processed and set your preferences in the details section.

We use cookies and similar technologies ("cookies") to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. This includes essential, functionality, performance and advertising purposes.
Show details
Use necessary cookies only
Allow all cookies
Skip to main content
Log in

Turn static files into dynamic content formats.

Create a flipbook
The Parliamentarian: 2024 Issue One: Artificial Intelligence, disinformation and Parliament
Published on Mar 6, 2024
The Parliamentarian
Follow
this publisher

This digital issue of The Parliamentarian examines the challenges that Artificial Intelligence, disinformation and synthetic media are creating for democracy in the Commonwealth and how Parliaments can face these challenges. This issue brings together Parliamentarians and global tech experts to explain what synthetic disinformation is and how AI is threatening our democracies. Articles also highlight the impact of AI on elections and gender equality. This issue also features youth engagement and Parliaments with perspectives from Samoa, Victoria and ACT; managing debate and unparliamentary language in Parliament (case studies from Australia and Canada); new developments in enhancing human rights protections from Cyprus; Commonwealth Local Climate Action – outcomes from Kigali and Dubai; and the challenges of online visibility for Women Parliamentarians with a perspective from Tanzania.

See more
Articles inside
AI, Disinformation and Democracy: The need for Parliaments to act
13min
pages 38-40
Artificial Intelligence, new technologies and their impact on gender equality
8min
pages 36-37
Artificial Intelligence, Disinformation and Elections: A case study from Pakistan
6min
pages 34-35
Artificial Intelligence in Parliaments' traditional halls: Opportunities, challenges and ethical considerations
17min
pages 28-30, 32-33
See all Articles
More from
The Parliamentarian
The Parliamentarian: 2024 Issue Four – How are Parliaments becoming modern & inclusive Legislatures?


December 13, 2024
The Parliamentarian: 2024 Issue Four: 67th CPC Reports


December 13, 2024
The Parliamentarian: 2024 Issue Three – The convening power of the Commonwealth


October 2, 2024
The Parliamentarian 2024 supplement: New South Wales Profile for 67th CPC


October 2, 2024
CPA/UNDP Toolkit on Youth Parliaments


July 9, 2024
The Parliamentarian: 2024 Issue Two – 75th anniversary of the ‘modern’ Commonwealth


July 1, 2024
CPA 2023 Annual Report


June 10, 2024
Disability Inclusive Communications Guidelines - Updated


May 15, 2024
Issuu converts static files into: digital portfolios, online yearbooks, online catalogs, digital photo albums and more. Sign up and create your flipbook.
Issuu Inc.

Create once,
share everywhere.

Issuu turns PDFs and other files into interactive flipbooks and engaging content for every channel.

English
English
Deutsch
Company
About us
Careers
Plans & Pricing
Press
Blog
Contact
Issuu Platform
Content Types
Features
Flipbook
Industries
Resources
Developers
Publisher Directory
Redeem Code
TermsPrivacyDMCAAccessibilityCookie Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://issuu.com/theparliamentarian/docs/parl2024iss1finalonlinesingle 
 ----- 
