HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

UEFA NATIONS LEAGUE

Croatia vs Poland Predicted lineup, betting tips, odds, injury news, H2H, telecast | UEFA Nations League 2024-25
Published at :
September 7, 2024 at 7:30 AM
Modified at :
September 7, 2024 at 7:30 AM

Novojyoti Bhattacharjee

0
0
Luka Modric will be crucial for the home team here. 

Croatia will be aiming to bounce back to winning ways after suffering a narrow loss against Portugal to begin their run in the competition. The team showed great fighting spirit as they came from two goals down to one in the first half. 

The second half was an impressive showing from them as they threatened the Portugal goal numerous times with debutant Igor Matanovic missing several chances. The changes from Zlatko Dalic particularly were spot on as they made a telling impact in the match. 

Poland on the other hand secured a thrilling 3-2 victory over Scotland to begin the competition on a positive note. The match was a complete drama as Poland surrendered their first-half two-goal lead to take the game deep all square. 

Michal Probierz was a relieved man after his side were awarded a penalty in the dying minutes to win the tie. They took it with both hands as Roma’s Nicola Zalewski stepped up to slot the ball into goal. 

Kick-Off:

Sunday, 8 September 2024 at 7:45 PM UK

Monday, 9 September 2024 at 12:15 AM IST

Location: Opus Arena

Form:

⁠Croatia (in all competitions): W-L-D-D-L

Poland (in all competitions): W-L-L-D-W

Players to Watch
Luka Modric (⁠Croatia)

Luka Modric considered amongst the best midfielders of the last decade is still mesmerizing the fans with his top-level performance for both club and country. His ability to run the game and create chances through his vision is eye-catching to watch. He often makes things look easy with his all-round play.

He has already smashed over 700 appearances for club and country and doesn’t seem to stop anytime soon to delight the fans with his wonderful play. 

Robert Lewandowski (Poland)

Robert Lewandowski is in his prime form this season after opening the new season with four goals in four matches for Barcelona. He also netted a goal in their last match against Scotland to continue his fine run. Lewandowski is the record goal-scorer for Poland after scoring 82 goals for the team since breaking into the side in 2008. He has smashed over 154 appearances till now and is the main man to get the goals for the team courtesy of his brilliant finishing in front of the goal. 

Match Facts
Croatia are unbeaten in their last four home matches
Poland have won just once in their last four matches
Croatia are unbeaten in their last three matches against Poland
⁠Croatia vs Poland: Betting tips and odds
Tip 1: Match to end with total goals over 3.5– 2/1 with sky bet
Tip 2: The match to end in a draw– 14/5 with bet365
Tip 3: Both the teams to score goals – 8/11 with William HILL
Injury & Team News

Croatia will be without the services of Lovro Majer, Josip Stanisic and Martin Erlic through injuries. Duje Caleta-Car will be aiming to start here after putting in an impressive performance off the bench against Portugal. Zlatko Dalic will likely make some changes after a strong second-half showing from his team in the last game. 

Meanwhile, Poland have all the players available in their squad except for Arkadiusz Milik and Jakub Kiwior who are ruled out due to injury. Kiwior was subbed off in the last match. The rest of the players are available for selection.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 5

⁠Croatia – 3

Poland – 1

Draw – 1

Predicted Lineup
⁠Croatia predicted lineup (4-3-3):

Livakovic (GK); Caleta-Car, Sutalo, Gvardiol, Sosa; Modric, Susic, Kovacic; Pasalic, Kramaric, Matanovic

Poland predicted lineup (3-5-2):

Bulka (GK); Bednarek, Dawidowicz, Walukiewicz; Frankowski, Szymanski, Zielinski, Urbanski, Zalewski; Piatek, Lewandowski

Match Prediction for ⁠Croatia vs Poland

Croatia will be aiming to bounce back in this match after enduring a difficult away match against Portugal. With the home support on their side, we expect them to get this over the line. However, given the quality Poland possesses in their squad, a draw looks like a fair result for both teams. 

Prediction: ⁠Croatia 2-2 Poland

Telecast for ⁠Croatia vs Poland

India – Sony Sports Network, SonyLIV

UK – ITVX, Premier Sports

US –  FOX Sports App, Fox Sports 2

Nigeria – SuperSport, DStv Now

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
Napoli vs Venezia Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
AC Milan vs AS Roma Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Juventus vs Fiorentina Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
West Ham vs Liverpool Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Tottenham vs Wolves Prediction, lineups, betting tips & odds
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
What does Kerala Blasters need to do in January transfer window?
Top five managers with most FA Cup trophies
List of Mohun Bagan coaches and their performance in ISL
Top five Premier League clubs with most wins on Boxing Day
Six clubs with most Boxing Day defeats in Premier League history
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/world-football-croatia-vs-polands-uefa-nations-league-match-preview-202409 
 ----- 
