Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 International Friendly
GER
2
FT
GRE
1
Kai Havertz - 55'Pascal Groß - 89'
Georgios Masouras - 33'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Havertz helps Germany win final Euros tune-up after Neuer error
ByESPN News Services
Updated: Jun 7, 2024, 11:17 pm

Euro 2024 host Germany had to come from a goal down to snatch a last gasp 2-1 victory over Greece on Friday in a lacklustre dress rehearsal ahead of next week's tournament start.

Pascal Gross fired in the winner in the 89th minute as the Germans showed they still have room for improvement ahead of their June 14 tournament opener against Scotland.

In an error-ridden first half performance, the hosts often lost possession, with the Greeks carving out a golden chance in the sixth minute.

But Christos Tzolis's double effort from close range was blocked by goalkeeper Manuel Neuer.

However, Neuer could not hold on to another Tzolis shot in the 33rd after the German defence lost possession in their own half, with the keeper spilling the ball into the path of Giorgos Masouras for a tap-in.

Neuer's error came shortly after Germany coach Julian Nagelsmann confirmed he was cutting Stuttgart goalkeeper Alexander Nübel as he finalized the 26-player squad for the tournament. Barcelona's Marc-André ter Stegen and Hoffenheim's Oliver Baumann are the two other goalkeepers in the squad.

Nagelsmann committed in March to having Neuer as his first-choice goalkeeper for Euro 2024, even though injuries meant the Bayern Munich goalkeeper only played his first game under Nagelsmann for Germany in Monday's 0-0 draw with Ukraine.

Kai Havertz's goal set Germany on the path to a come-from-behind win over Greece.
David Inderlied/picture alliance via Getty Images

"We know well that in football bad first halves are part of it," said Germany midfielder Toni Kroos.

"Just too many mistakes. We gifted the ball away too often, then we were hit on the break. We were more focused in the second half. We did it better after the break."

Germany put the ball in the net in the 43rd with Kai Havertz but he was offside. The Arsenal player is expected to start in attack at the Euros with Niclas Füllkrug, who came on in the second half, on the bench.

Germany started pressing higher after the break with coach Julian Nagelsmann making five substitutions in the second half, and they startedpushing the visitors back.

Havertz did better in the 55th, turning in the box and levelling with a deflected shot.

Greece almost hit back on the break in the 64th but Neuer again came to the rescue before Benjamin Henrichs rattled the crossbar with a 20-metre missile.

Gross, also a second-half substitute, then made sure of the win with his long range effort with the fans, desperate to see the team win their first major international title in a decade on home soil, breathing a sigh of relief.

"The second half was at times better, at least better than the first," Nagelsmann said. "We lost possession far too many times in that first half.

"We were too slow and we addressed that at halftime. We will now meet up on Monday to start preparing for Scotland.

"They are an opponent with a lot of power and we will prepare well and we will play a good opener," he added.

Germany also play Hungary and Switzerland in their Euro Group A.

Information from Reuters and The Associated Press contributed to this report.

Game Information
Borussia-Park
6:45 PM, June 7, 2024
Mönchengladbach, Germany
Line: GER -1.5
Over/Under: 3.5
Attendance: 45,488
Referees:
José Luis Munuera Montero
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/700918 
 ----- 
