    Subscribe
SPORTS
Mitchell scores 36 as Cavs tame Bulls, go 12-0
Agence France-Presse
November 12, 2024 | 12:12pm
 
Cleveland star Donovan Mitchel.
Jason Miller / Getty Images / AFP

LOS ANGELES — Donovan Mitchell scored 36 points as the unbeaten Cleveland Cavaliers came from behind once more to preserve their 100% start to the season with a 119-113 victory over the Chicago Bulls on Monday (Tuesday Manila time).

The Cavaliers, who overcame a 14-point deficit to beat Brooklyn on Saturday, were again forced to dig deep, battling back from nine points down in the third quarter for a road victory that takes them to 12-0 for the season.

Mitchell led another fine all-round offensive performance from Cleveland, which has emerged as the surprise package of the season and is the only undefeated team in the league.

Six Cleveland players finished in double figures, with point guard Darius Garland adding 17 points and Evan Mobley 15.

Caris LeVert, Georges Niang and Ty Jerome all had 12 points each off the bench.

Chicago, meanwhile, was left ruing its inability to take full advantage after pulling into an 85-76 lead with just over four minutes remaining in the third quarter.

Instead, Cleveland came roaring back with a 9-0 run to tie the game and then pulled ahead to lead by three points heading into the fourth quarter, before closing out victory by outscoring Chicago 24-21 in the final frame.

Zach LaVine led Chicago's scorers with 26 points, while Coby White and Nikola Vucevic had 20 points apiece. The Bulls fell to 4-7 with the loss.

"We dug deep," Mitchell said after the win. "Honestly, the bench saved us. Starters were a little fatigued and I guess teams are coming at us. But we persevered, and shoutout to the bench for that. It's a group effort.

"For us to continue to be what we want to be, that's what it's going to take. It was a complete team win... every night it's somebody different. We're playing for each other, being selfless. We've got to keep it going."

Wemby sparks Spurs vs Kings

In other games, French star Victor Wembanyama cut loose with 34 points, 14 rebounds and six assists to help the San Antonio Spurs to a 116-96 blowout against the Sacramento Kings.

Sacramento started brightly, moving into a 26-22 lead after the first quarter.

But San Antonio took charge in the second quarter, pouring in 38 points, including seven 3-pointers, to move into a lead that they never relinquished thereafter.

All of San Antonio's starters post double-digit points tallies, with Julian Champagnie adding 13 points and veteran Chris Paul 12.

The Oklahoma City Thunder, meanwhile, bounced back from Sunday's home defeat to Golden State with a gutsy 134-128 home defeat of the Los Angeles Clippers.

Oklahoma City's defeat on Sunday had been overshadowed by a gloomy injury update to towering young star Chet Holmgren, who was confirmed to have suffered a fractured pelvis after falling to the court against the Warriors.

However the Thunder showed no sign of a hangover from that loss on Monday, with Shai Gilgeous-Alexander erupting for 45 points in a virtuoso performance.

Jalen Williams added 28 points while Luguentz Dort finished with 19.

In other games on Monday, the Brooklyn Nets downed the New Orleans Pelicans 107-105 on the road, while the Houston Rockets cruised past the Washington Wizards 107-92.

CAVALIERS
CAVS
CLEVELAND
DONOVAN MITCHELL
NBA
Relevant. Witty. Daily

Morning news briefings from Philstar.com

 SIGN-UP
or sign in with
MORE IN SPORTS
Towns impresses in front of Ewing as Knicks slay Raptors
Philippines, Japan boost volleyball ties
Liv Golf's International Series headed to Philippines
Molina, Meneses depart Cignal HD Spikers
BRANDSPACE ARTICLES
IQOS inspires to answer the call to stay curious: A new world of pleasures and progress
What went down at the 2024 MAMA Awards. Plus your sign to get closer to your next trip
vivo V40 Lite: Durable device equipped with AI camera features for only P15,999
Got leftover holiday ham? Check out this adobo recipe with a twist by Ninong Ry
San Mig Light's new lifestyle icons are Gen Zs on a mission: Meet Neil, Scott and Leika
Want to be that ‘girl’s girl’ without the pressure of perfection? Try these doable tips
LIST: The partners of GCash in keeping your e-wallet safe
GCash scales up financial literacy efforts nationwide with Pera Talks
AIA Philippines reinforces commitment to empower Filipinos through every life stage
<
>
Philstar
RECOMMENDED STORIES
RECOMMENDED BY
LATESTTRENDING
Latest 
Billiards, boxing champs to be feted at PSA Awards
17 hours ago
Two world champions in boxing and billiards lead the list of major awardees to be feted in the San Miguel Corporation-Philippine...
SPORTS
 
Philippines continues to grow role in global golf scene with International Series hosting
By Jan Veran | 17 hours ago
The Philippines is swiftly carving out a name for itself as a top-tier golfing destination, propelled by a combination of...
SPORTS
 
Gilas teammates Brownlee, Aguilar console injury-stricken Sotto
By Ralph Edwin Villanueva | 18 hours ago
"You will be back stronger.”
SPORTS
 
NBA-best Cavs win 11th in a row to end 15-game Thunder streak
18 hours ago
In a historic showdown seen as a possible NBA Finals preview, Jarrett Allen scored 25 points to lead the Cleveland Cavaliers...
SPORTS
 
Austria storms ahead at Riviera Am with 69; An pulls away
By Jan Veran | 19 hours ago
Jonar Austria sustained his impressive first-round charge with a brilliant 69, pulling away from former co-leader Rolando...
SPORTS
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.philstar.com/sports/2024/11/12/2399574/mitchell-scores-36-cavs-tame-bulls-go-12-0 
 ----- 
