By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept
Aa
CHIPOLOPOLO
Chipolopolo stars apologize to fans for losing to Niger
Chipolopolo players have apologised on social media for their disappointing defeat to Niger in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.
Bernard Nkweto
Published November 23, 2023
Share
2 Min Read
Lameck Banda dejected after Zambia's 2-1 loss to Niger on November, 21,2023 in Morocco. (Photo via FAZ media)

After defeating Congo Brazzaville 4-2 at home, Zambia suffered a shock 2-1 defeat to Niger on Tuesday, dropping them to third place in Group E, as Morocco surpassed them after playing only one game, a 2-0 win over Tanzania.

Sponsored Ad

While the majority of the team players have yet to speak after the defeat, Kings Kangwa and Emmanuel Banda have issued apologies to the fans.

“We let you down in our previous game and we are going to rectify that on the pitch,” wrote Red Star Belgrade midfielder Kangwa, before calling upon fans to rally behind the team even in defeat.

“Let’s put this setback behind us as we focus on the upcoming AFCON. The World Cup journey is very long and we shall fight to the end. My plea to you all is to continue rallying behind us even in such times,” he added.

(Photo via FAZ media)

Banda also took to his Facebook page and said the team will recover from the defeat and focus on the Africa Cup of Nations, which will start on January 13th in Ivory Coast.

“We have been on a good run lately and maybe just maybe, that got to us a bit. We shall not utter any excuses for our defeat but we shall build from it and improve as we head into AFCON,” he wrote.

The HNK Rijeka central midfielder further said the team continues believing amidst the defeat.

“We have a team capable of doing wonders. We believe and we hope you will believe too,” he added.

Goalkeeper Lawrence Mulenga also said the loss was “an eye-opener to improve and make sure we can make the nation proud again.”

Zambia will resume its World Cup qualification campaign on June 5 next year when they face Morocco away.

Sponsored Ad
You Might Also Like
 Kangwa continues to impress in Israel, reveals target
 Kampamba talks losing his mother, Football in Libya & target with Chipolopolo
 In-form Kansanshi Dynamos striker Lungu makes bold declaration
 Wada Wada not underestimating any team ahead of CHAN
 Ex-Chipolopolo midfielder explains Dandy Krazy’s ‘don’t kubeba’ song impact on 2012 AFCON campaign
Sign Up For Promotions!
Subscribe with your cellphone number and get access to exclusive content, launches, promotions and partner giveaways!
By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Share this Article
Facebook
Posted by Bernard Nkweto
Follow:
Bernard Chisha Nkweto Jr. is a Zambian journalist, football writer, and sports presenter. He interned at Zambia National Broadcaster (ZNBC TV 1), where he covered sports for the main news and hosted TV shows. He currently works as a reporter for BolaNews.
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Daka and Salah named in EA FC 24 TOTW 10
NEXT ARTICLE
“Chipolopolo is lacking a leader and aggressive defenders”- Elijah Litana
Follow Us
58.3k
Followers
Like
4.5k
Followers
Follow
1.3k
Followers
Follow
Youtube
Subscribe
Latest News
Kangwa continues to impress in Israel, reveals target
Chipolopolo
January 2, 2025
Kampamba talks losing his mother, Football in Libya & target with Chipolopolo
Chipolopolo
January 2, 2025
In-form Kansanshi Dynamos striker Lungu makes bold declaration
Zambia National Division One League
January 2, 2025
Ancelotti tight-lipped on Trent pursuit
English Premier League
January 2, 2025
//
Bolanews is your best bet when it comes to soccer news. Get previews, results and predictions from the experts here.
Sign Up For Promotions!

Subscribe with your cellphone number and get access to exclusive content, launches, promotions and partner giveaways!

Follow US

© 2022 Bolanews.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://bolanews.co/soccer/chipolopolo/chipolopolo-stars-apologize-to-fans-for-losing-to-niger/ 
 ----- 
