We value your privacy

We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience, serve personalized ads or content, and analyze our traffic. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to our use of cookies.

Customize
Reject All
Accept All
Search for:
 
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
FEMININE ZONE
OTHER SPORTS
1 year |
All African countries, At a glance, Football, Morocco
21 November 2023
World Cup 2026 (Q): Morocco on top as Zambia stumble
World Cup 2026 (Q): Morocco on top as Zambia stumble

Day 2 of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers continued on Tuesday November 21, 2023. Group E was in the spotlight with Morocco's victorious trip to Tanzania (0-2) and Niger's 2-1 win over Zambia.

Following Eritrea's withdrawal from the 2026 World Cup qualifiers, Group E will be played with just 5 countries, unlike the other groups, which are made up of 6 teams. That's why Morocco made its first appearance in the competition. In Tanzania, Morocco had to quickly demonstrate their status as favourites. It took just 3 minutes for the Atlas Lions to have their first chance to score with a penalty. But Parisian right-back Achraf Hakimi saw his shot fly into the Tanzanian sky.

Far from discouraging the 2022 World Cup semi-finalists, Walid Regragui's men broke through their opponents' defense through Hakim Ziyech (28th) on a pass from Nayef Aguerd. Dominated by this performance, the Tanzanians gave up and ended the match by scoring an own goal through Lusajo Mwaikenda (53rd). Even with a game less than the rest of the group, the Atlas Lions' win is enough to take them to the top of the table with a better goal difference.

Niger surprise Zambia

On a run of 6 defeats out of their last 7 games, Niger managed to break this bad run of form with a 2-1 win over Zambia.An important performance against a superior opponent. Having already lost to Tanzania at home, the Nigeriens had two opportunities to entertain, and this time they didn't miss a beat. Niger took the game by the scruff of the neck, taking a 2-goal lead thanks to Amadou Moutari (6th) and Boubacar Goumey (28th). Determined to hold on to this advantage, they managed to pocket the 3 points despite Patson Daka (50th) reducing the deficit.

All the cards are now up in Group E, with Zambia, Niger and Tanzania all on 3 points ahead of Congo, who have not registered a single point in these 2026 World Cup qualifiers.

Author
Philémon

View all posts 

SNA tells you more!

No recommendation
 Vues : 192
Recommandé pour vous
Recommandé par
SNA FLASH NEWS
8 months | At a glance, Football : FIFA orders Gabon to pay Patrice Neveu 500,000 euros
8 months | At a glance, DR Congo : Congo Cup: TP Mazembe disqualified!
8 months | At a glance, Basketball : NBA - Philadelphia: 76ers unveil their plans for Joel Embiid
8 months | At a glance, Football : Football - Mali: Firmin Sanou is AS Real Bamako's new coach
8 months | All African countries, At a glance : Ligue 1: Mounier and Camara take part in Brest's extraordinary win at Rennes Brest
8 months | At a glance, Côte d’Ivoire : Serie A: Evan Ndicka returns as Roma hold off Napoli
> MORE FLASH NEWS
MERCATO
2 years | Kalidou Koulibaly: Accord between Napoli and Chelsea
3 years | Napoli: Osimhen in Real Madrid's sights
3 years | Turkey: Stephane Mbia signs for a second division club
3 years | Standard Liege: Jackson Muleka loaned to Kasimpasa
3 years | Aston Villa: Trézéguet loaned to Turkey until the end of the season
> MORE MERCATO
IT`S MOVING ON THE NETWORKS
SPORTNEWSAFRICA,
THE REFERENCE FOR SPORT IN AFRICA
About us
Contact
Legal notice
Privacy policy
ALL SPORTS
Football
Basketball
Athletics
Feminine zone
Other sports
E SPORT
KONGOSSA
ARCHIVES
FOLLOW US ON :
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportnewsafrica.com/en/at-a-glance/world-cup-2026-q-morocco-on-top-as-zambia-stumble/ 
 ----- 
