Sign in  Register
COUNTRIES
TOURNAMENTS
NEWS
ZAMBIA FALL TO NIGER
Patson Daka of Zambia

by Staff Reporter

Tuesday Nov 21, 2023. 23:10

Zambia’s hopes of a second win in Group E of Africa’s 2026 World Cup Qualifiers were dashed on Tuesday night when they slumped to a 2-1 defeat at the hands of Niger at Stade de Marrakesh.




The Menas struck both goals in the first half via Amadou Moutari and Boubacar Goumey to earn the first three points of their campaign.




Chipolopolo, meanwhile, hit back via Patson Daka, but were unable to recover and suffered a first defeat, leaving them tied on three points with Niger, Morocco (who have played only one match) and Tanzania, while Congo (one match, zero points) complete the group standings.




Niger got off to a flying start and found themselves two goals up inside the opening half hour. Their first arrived as early as the sixth minute, with Amadou Moutari directing an effort beyond Zambia goalkeeper Tresford Mulenga after getting on the end of Boubacar Goumey’s assist.




In the 28th minute the ‘hosts’ made it 2-0, as Goumey went from provider to scorer, latching onto Issa Djibrilla’s pass before finding the back of the net to put Niger in complete control of the match.




Zambia were able to see themselves to half time with no further damage, and early in the second stanza they got themselves back in the game, with Patson Daka scoring his third goal of the qualifiers to halve the deficit.




The Southern Africans pushed hard for a second strike to level the game, but Niger were able to stand firm in defence and secure an important win.




The teams will return to WCQ action in June of 2024, with Niger facing Congo, while Zambia will battle Morocco and Tanzania.




Niger (2) 2 (Moutari 6’, Goumey 28’)




Zambia (0) 1 (Daka 50’)




Niger: Tanja, Alhassane, Boureima, Diabate, Djibrilla (Amoustapha 74’), Goumey, A. Moumouni (Abubakar 66’), Moussa (B. Moumouni 66’), Moutari (Soumana 90+1’), Salifou, Yakubu




Zambia: Mulenga, E. Banda, L. Banda, Chama (Mphande 67’), Chanda, Chepeshi, Daka, Kabwe (Z. Phiri 67’), Kangwa (L. Musonda 78’), F. Sakala, Sunzu


CLICK HERE TO VISIT AFRICAN FOOTBALL ZAMBIA


Niger news page »
Zambia news page »
2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers - Africa tournament »
2023-11-21 Niger vs Zambia match »






COMMENTS
Sign in with:  	
Sign in to comment
RELATED NEWS
WCQ Zambia chase back-to-back wins
WCQ Hughton hoping nerves won't come into play against Comoros
WCQ Ivory Coast and Mali looking to maintain winning starts
WCQ Algeria, Egypt and Gabon maintain perfect records
WCQ Trezeguet brace spares Egypt's blushes
WCQ Iheanacho saves Super Eagles against Zimbabwe
WCQ Kenya targeting three points against Seychelles
WCQ Goal hungry Côte d'Ivoire target wounded Gambia
WCQ Super Eagles’ must-win match headlines Sunday
WCQ African champs join SA & Tanzania in claiming victories
WCQ Teranga Lions rack up easy win
WCQ SA secure nervy win over Benin
WCQ Vitoria: Playing away in Africa is never easy
WCQ Warriors & Super Eagles set to collide in exciting clash
WCQ South Africa and Senegal hoping to make positive starts


TWEETS
African Football @AfrFootball
NEWS
All News
South African News
Cote d'Ivoire News
Egyptian News
Ghana News
Kenyan News
Nigerian News
Zambian News
TOURNAMENTS
2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers - Africa
2024/25 CAF Champions League
2024/25 CAF Confederation Cup
Betway Premiership 2024/25
2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers
MORE
Galleries
Polls
ABOUT US
About
Advertise on African Football
Contact Us
© 2025 African Football All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy  Terms and Conditions  Disclaimer  Contact

Site managed by 

X
Important information regarding cookies
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://africanfootball.com/news/810941/Zambia-fall-to-Niger 
 ----- 
