Global Down Syndrome Foundation is Dedicated to Significantly Improving the Lives of People with Down Syndrome
Through RESEARCH, MEDICAL CARE, EDUCATION, and ADVOCACY
Global Down Syndrome Foundation
DONATE NOW
 
Photos & Videos
Get Involved
Contact Us
Who We Are
About
Down Syndrome
Research &
Medical Care
Programs &
Events
Membership &
Awards
Advocacy
Center
News &
Community
Fashion designer Roberto Coin supports Global
through long-time Global partner Hyde Park Jewelers. A recent dinner with the famous Italian jewelry designer and thought-leader raised nearly $20,000.

Internationally renowned jewelry designer Roberto Coin lent his help to benefit the Global Down Syndrome Foundation on December 10, 2014, as long-time Global partner Hyde Park Jewelers hosted a benefit dinner.

A portion of the proceeds from the dinner, at Pasta Pasta Pasta in Denver’s Cherry Creek North, went to Global, resulting in a gift of nearly $20,000. It’s the latest contribution in a long line of support from Hyde Park Jewelers. Hyde Park owners Shereen & Michael Pollak announced at the event that Hyde Park will continue to provide marquee items for the live auction at Global’s Be Beautiful Be Yourself Fashion Show. Past live auction gems from Hyde Park Jewelers have included trips to the Kentucky Derby paired with exclusive Longines watches, and a trip to Geneva, Switzerland, paired with an exclusive timepiece from Vacheron Constantin.

Michael and Shereen Pollak with Helen Hunt

Hyde Park Jewelers is one of the top 25 independent jewelers in the nation, with headquarters in Denver and stores at Denver’s Cherry Creek Shopping Center, Las Vegas and Phoenix.

Roberto Coin is one of the most sought-after jewelry brands in the world. From the Roberto Coin website:

In 1977, Roberto Coin founded the company that would bear his name in Vicenza, the city of Gold. Initially, the company was intended for production on behalf of some of the most prestigious brands of international fine jewelry. The Roberto Coin brand was launched in 1996. Success was quick and extraordinary. By 2000, only four years after the brand’s birth, Roberto Coin positioned itself seventh amongst the best-known jewelry brands in the United States. Two years later in 2002, the brand ranked third in the international panorama and first among Italian jewelers. The headquarters is in Vicenza, Italy and is assisted by foreign branches as well as by Roberto Coin Inc. on Fifth Avenue in New York City.

Hyde Park features a Roberto Coin boutique at its Denver location and says of the jewelry: Roberto Coin jewelry was the first to make use of three color gold which rapidly became a fashionable jewelry trend worldwide. Roberto Coin designs are known for their innovative craftsmanship and trendsetting use of color, whether rose, yellow or white gold or colored gemstones. The Roberto Coin design team uses age-old jewelry design techniques with modern innovations to create his famous necklaces, earrings and more.

Global is thankful for the support of Hyde Park Jewelers and Roberto Coin and looks forward to continuing partnerships in the future.

Related
New Digs For Hyde Park Jewelers In Arizona

November 11, 2020

In "In the News"

Global Down Syndrome Foundation Raises $2.5 Million and Honors Co-Founder Anna Sie at Their Be Beautiful Be Yourself Fashion Show
November 20, 2023

In "Press Releases"

Global Down Syndrome Foundation 2012 Be Beautiful Be Yourself Raises $1.5 Million, Honors Jamie Foxx and Luke Zimmerman
October 16, 2012

In "Featured Story"

Recent Posts
Clarissa Capuano & Midori Francis: Positivity & Authenticity
Exclusive Interview with the Down Syndrome Coalition for El Paso President – Amelia Rau
In Loving Memory of Quincy Jones
A Loving Tribute to Carla Gene Shankle
GLOBAL & JACK’S BASKET JOIN FORCES TO OFFER FREE GLOBAL MEMBERSHIPS FOR NEW PARENTS
PHOTOS AND VIDEOS

Experience our inspirational and groundbreaking videos and photos. Our children and self-advocates are beautiful AND brilliant!

ADVOCACY

Make sure your local Representatives are on the Congressional Down Syndrome Task Force.

JOIN OUR MAILING LIST

Keep up with research news, upcoming programs, events and educational conferences.

Join our community.
Find us online here:

Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Global Down Syndrome Foundation

info@globaldownsyndrome.org

3239 E. 2nd Avenue, Denver, CO 80206 | Phone: 303.321.6277

Website Copyright (c) 2018. The Global Down Syndrome Foundation. Contact Us

All rights reserved. We care about your privacy and security on the Internet. Click here to read our Privacy and Security Policy | Terms of Use | Link Policy.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google | Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

ShareThis Copy and Paste
BDOW!
Shares
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.globaldownsyndrome.org/fashion-designer-roberto-coin-supports-global/ 
 ----- 
