Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Phillies
85-56, 38-31 Away
16
Final
Marlins
52-89, 26-47 Home
2
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Trea Turner, Kyle Schwarber homer to help Phillies overpower Marlins 16-2
ByAP
Sep 7, 2024, 03:28 am

MIAMI -- — Trea Turner was a triple shy of the cycle, Kyle Schwarber hit his 33rd homer and Bryce Harper had three hits to help the Philadelphia Phillies overpower the Miami Marlins 16-2 on Friday night.

Johan Rojas added a career-high three doubles, and Kody Clemens also had three hits for the NL East-leading Phillies — at 85-56, eight games ahead of second-place Atlanta in the division. Philadelphia had season highs for runs and hits, with 22.

Zack Wheeler (14-6) threw six innings of one-run ball. The right-hander allowed two hits and struck out seven. He retired the first 10 before Connor Norby singled in the fourth.

“These types of games are tough, but at the same time you have to go out there and pitch,” Wheeler said. “I'll take whatever run support I can get.”

For Rojas, it also washis first career multi-extra base hit game.

“The most important thing is that we won," Rojas said through a translator. "The rest will be determined by how we compete. We are always going to give our best.”

The Phillies scored seven runs over the first two innings against Marlins emergency starter Austin Kitchen (0-1). Harper, Bryson Stott and J.T. Realmuto hit RBI singles in a three-run first, and Turner had a two-run homer in a four-run second.

“Getting up early is always good, obviously, but from there, every inning it felt like we had guys on base,” Turner said. “Good at-bats by everybody. Sometimes you can't control all those things but when you're relentless and competing the entire game, I think it's really good.”

Realmuto singled twice and had two RBI before leaving in the fourth because of a left knee contusion. He fouled a pitch off his knee in the second and limped away from the box before concluding the at-bat with a single. Reserve Garrett Stubbs pinch hit for Realmuto and manager Rob Thomson already had him planned to start Saturday.

Otto López hit a run-scoring double in the fourth to put Miami on the board.

Philadelphia increased its advantage to double figures with three runs in the fifth and four in the sixth. Rojas had his second double to drive in two runs in the fifth, then Schwarber made it 14-1 with a 434-foot drive to right-center in the sixth.

“It was a really good offensive night,” Thomson said. “We saw a lot of pitches.”

Kitchen allowed seven runs and nine hits over two innings. Edward Cabrera, the original starter for Miami, was a late scratch because of migraine-like symptoms. Marlins manager Skip Schumaker learned Cabrera couldn't pitch 90 minutes before the game. Schumaker also said Cabrera went to a nearby hospital for observation.

“We had to adjust and go with a bullpen game,” Schumaker said. “It was a tough spot for our bullpen. They did the best they could. Things didn't go our way."

Marlins outfielder David Hensley pitched the last two innings and allowed two runs in the ninth.

Before the game, retired Marlins outfielder Jeff Conine threw the ceremonial first pitch to son Griffin, whom Miami promoted from Triple-A on Aug. 26 and started in right-field Friday.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: Placed 3B Alec Bohm (left hand strain) on the 10-day injured list and recalled infielder Buddy Kennedy from Triple-A Lehigh Valley. Bohm hurt his hand while taking a swing in the Phillies’ game against Atlanta on Aug. 29.

UP NEXT

Phillies RHP Aaron Nola (12-6, 3.29) was set to start Saturday against RHP Darren McCaughan (0-0, 8.24).

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Game Information
loanDepot park
11:10 PM, September 6, 2024
Miami, Florida
Line: PHI -270
Over/Under: 7.5
Attendance: 15,963
Game Time:
2:57
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Larry Vanover
First Base Umpire - Chris Segal
Second Base Umpire - Nate Tomlinson
Third Base Umpire - David Rackley
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap/_/gameId/401570587 
 ----- 
