Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Even-keeled Blackmon goes yard against Dodgers
Share
Even-keeled Blackmon goes yard against Dodgers
September 21st, 2024

Thomas Harding

@harding_at_mlb
Share
;

10 SECONDS REMAINING

DENVER -- The Rockies’ Charlie Blackmon savored his 86th game at Dodger Stadium -- a competitive, 6-4 defeat on Friday night.

“You always know it’s going to be a really nice night,” Blackmon said. “It’s going to be great weather. It’s going to be a good crowd. It’s going to be a pretty competitive team you’re playing against.”

It seemed like a good night for a stroll around the park, or at least the bases. Blackmon did it twice, but only one jog counted.

The first time – Blackmon’s first-inning leadoff at-bat against Ryan Brasier, the first of eight Dodgers pitchers – was an optimistic endeavor, just in case Mookie Betts really didn’t hold on while crashing into the right–field wall. Betts made the catch, and replay backed it, but, hey, he figured just in case …

“It was a good swing,” Blackmon said, smiling. “It got in on me a little bit, so I didn’t know exactly where it was going to end up. I think it was about going to make it to the fence, but you never know.”

The second counted. The solo shot off Daniel Hudson in the fifth was Blackmon’s 10th homer of the season, and 226th of a career spent wholly with the Rockies.

“It felt good, especially after coming up a little short in the first inning,” said Blackmon, whose homer gave the Rockies a 2-0 lead that survived until previously effective Kyle Freeland gave up an Andy Pages homer to open the fifth, and later in the inning the 52nd homer of Shohei Ohtani’s historic season, for two more runs. “Super-tight game. That was a big run for us, and it feels good to do it the first game out on the road, too."

Related
Rockies avoid arbitration with Gomber, Feltner, Lawrence

1:30 AM UTC

Rockies, INF Estrada agree to 1-year pact with '26 option

January 9th, 2025

With trusty journal by his side, Dollander paving MLB path

January 8th, 2025

'He’s what’s right about the game': Blackmon hangs up spikes after 14 years

September 30th, 2024

Blackmon, dad have a catch before homer No. 227

September 27th, 2024

Blackmon on career: 'I feel like I've never really worked a day in my life'

September 25th, 2024

There was a notable quality about Blackmon’s two four-base trots. There was little in the way of celebration, as if he’d done it before and will do it again.

But with eight games left in the one-year, $13 million contract he signed last year to be a veteran presence and give younger outfielders time to grow, how many games will he have to repeat the act? Was this the first game of his last road trip? Or maybe the first game of his last road trip in a Rockies uniform?

The man behind the beard isn’t telling, or giving away anything with his actions.

The game saw homers from Sam Hilliard in the sixth and Michael Toglia in the ninth. It saw Freeland account for himself well but falter the third time through the lineup (six innings, seven hits, four runs). Freeland said Ohtani’s homer on a full-count pitch that was up but not a strike was “a very good mistake … better swing.” Many of the Rockies discussed the pitches they hit and missed as they dressed and left the clubhouse.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Most were gone before Blackmon, still wearing his game-face eyeblack, completed his lengthy postgame workout that has been a staple of his career.

“That’s a pretty good attitude to have all the time, right?” said Blackmon, batting .248 with a .706 OPS primarily as the designated hitter and the team’s most effective leadoff hitter. “Don’t take things for granted. You never know. I approach the game that way pretty much every day, so I don’t have to change a whole lot.

“I haven’t made any decisions yet.”

Meanwhile, outfielders like Brenton Doyle, who sat out Friday with left knee soreness but will soon continue his big year, and Nolan Jones, who didn’t start or play and has no choice but to look for a rebound in 2025, are two seasons into their quests to pick up where Blackmon may leave off. Jordan Beck debuted this year, and '25 could see debuts of Rockies No. 3/MLB Pipeline No. 85 prospect Zac Veen, Rockies No. 4/Pipeline No. 89 prospect Yanquiel Fernandez and club No. 16 prospect Benny Montgomery (who missed much of this season with a left shoulder injury).

Blackmon described a performance Friday of a team that could be moving forward.

“There were a lot of good pitches thrown tonight -- it wasn’t like we missed a lot of pitches,” Blackmon said. “We did a pretty good job when we got a pitch in the middle of the plate of doing something with it.”

Freeland said it would feel odd if the '25 Rockies don't include Blackmon.

‘To this day, I don’t think anyone will ever outwork Charlie Blackmon,” Freeland said. “He’s an incredible player, incredible leader. In my eyes, all-around Rockies baseball.

“I hope I get to see him continue to do his thing, but I don’t know what the future holds.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Colorado Rockies
Charlie Blackmon

Senior Reporter Thomas Harding has covered the Rockies since 2000, and for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/charlie-blackmon-hits-homer-in-rockies-loss-to-dodgers 
 ----- 
