Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
International
All Blacks Coach Highlights Sam Cane’s Importance To New Zealand Cause
All Blacks coach highlights Sam Cane’s importance to New Zealand cause
David Skippers
09 Oct 2024 3:14 PM
5

All Blacks back-row Sam Cane and forwards coach Jason Ryan.

All Blacks forwards coach Jason Ryan has highlighted the importance of experienced openside flanker Sam Cane ahead of their upcoming tour to Japan and Europe.

The selection of Cane – and fellow veteran TJ Perenara – in All Blacks head coach Scott Robertson’s 36-man squad for their Tests against the Brave Blossoms, England, Ireland, France and Italy was one of the big talking points earlier in the week.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

The duo are both set to take up lucrative offers in Japan after the tour which will bring down the curtain on their illustrious Test careers.

Test centurion

Former New Zealand skipper Cane made his 100th Test appearance in their Rugby Championship clash against Australia in Wellington last month and Robertson feels both he and Perenara still have important roles to play in the All Blacks environment.

Speaking on the Aotearoa Rugby Pod, Ryan was asked whether Cane and Perenara’s experience counted in their favour when the squad was selected, particularly because the All Blacks have young and inexperienced players like Wallace Sititi, Cam Roigard and Cortez Ratima in their loose forward and scrum-half positions, and replied: “You’re 100% right. Look, I think both those men (Cane and Perenara) have been phenomenal in the leadership group. And this is a big part of setting young guys up to succeed, isn’t it?”

Ryan revealed what it’s like to coach a player like Cane, who made his Test debut against Ireland in 2012.

“You know, they’ve been performing well on the field but if I look at the forward side of it with Sam Cane, I couldn’t speak highly enough about the guy,” he said.

“He’s just been an unbelievable leader in how he’s come in this year. He’s built his body back from a little bit of resilience and a few setbacks. He challenges the group.

Ad

Justin Marshall identifies who will be All Blacks’ toughest opponents on year-end tour

“He challenges himself and he still wants to get better. But, you know, when we go north, we need experience, whether or not that’s on the field or off the field. And they know the stage that they’re at as All Blacks heading into next season.

“You know, they’re not going to be there but they’ll pass the baton. You know, they’ve set guys up to succeed. So they know their role in this northern tour and I’m sure that they’re going to push hard and give back everything that they know they can and that we know they can.”

He also explained exactly how Cane’s excellent leadership skills is benefiting the younger and less experienced players in the All Blacks squad.

‘A great one at helping players out on and off the field’

“He’s a great one at helping players out on and off the field with their preparation or whether or not that’s having a yarn to them (while) walking off the field or if it’s in the meeting room and he’ll ask anyone a question and want to know the answer and he won’t walk past anything.

“He won’t, sort of leave it and go, OK, if he’s not satisfied that he hasn’t got the answer, well, he’ll make sure he’s got it.

“And I think that that’s through experience and through the resilience that he’s worked through as an All Black and as an All Black captain and he’s helped Scooter (Scott Barrett) and as I said before, he’s helped the leadership group in a lot of ways and challenging and he’s been really invaluable.

“As I said I just can’t speak highly enough about him and he’s a special man. It’s so great to see him play 100 Tests.”

READ MORE: All Blacks: Scott Robertson explains why experienced duo were included in squad for year-end tour

Who should start at scrum-half for the All Blacks in November?
Cam Roigard
TJ Perenara
Cortez Ratima
Noah Hotham

International
Jason Ryan
Sam Cane
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
27 Nov 2024
‘Very valuable All Black’ Sam Cane earns high praise from ex-New Zealand coach

Former All Blacks head coach Laurie Mains has sung the praises of Sam Cane after the experienced back-row recently retired from Test rugby.

Jared Wright
23 Nov 2024
Italy v New Zealand: Five takeaways as All Blacks’ scrum ‘decimates’ the Azzurri while a ‘true warrior’ bows against ‘brave’ opposition

Our five takeaways from the All Blacks' 29-11 victory over Italy.

Louis Chapman Coombe
23 Nov 2024
All Blacks player ratings v Italy: ‘Deadly’ back ‘up to his usual tricks’ in ‘clunky’ win

Our All Blacks player ratings from their win over Italy.

Adam Kyriacou
22 Nov 2024
All Blacks: Scott Robertson hails Sam Cane for leaving ‘hell of a mark’ on team and why there’s ‘no replacement’ for what he brings

Head coach Scott Robertson has lauded Sam Cane for "leaving a hell of a mark" on the All Blacks ahead of his final game before his departure to Japan.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
30
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Leicester Fainga’anuku reveals ‘preference’ for Top 14 over Super Rugby as All Blacks powerhouse opens up on New Zealand return
8 hours ago
France dealt ANOTHER injury setback ahead of the Six Nations
11 hours ago
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
14 hours ago
6
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
15 hours ago
4
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
15 hours ago
3
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
15 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/all-blacks-coach-highlights-sam-canes-importance-to-new-zealand-cause 
 ----- 
