CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 06:45, November 22, 2023 | Updated: 08:59, November 22, 2023
World Cup qualifier: Argentina, Uruguay cruise, Brazil flounders
By Reuters
Share

Players of Argentina celebrate their team's 1-0 victory over Brazil at the end of a qualifying soccer match for the FIFA World Cup 2026 at Maracana stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Nov 21, 2023. (PHOTO / AP)

RIO DE JANEIRO - Argentina, Uruguay and Colombia continued their march toward the 2026 FIFA World Cup while struggling giant Brazil hit a new low in the South American qualifying group on Tuesday.

In the final qualifier of the South American zone's sixth matchday, Jefferson Savarino scored a second-half equalizer to earn Venezuela a 1-1 away draw with Peru.

Veteran midfielder Yoshimar Yotun gave the hosts the lead at Lima's national stadium when he met Joao Grimaldo's cross with a bullet header.

Savarino equalized with a lunging first-time effort after a Darwin Machis cut-back from the right byline.

Brazil's defender Carlos Augusto (left) and Argentina's forward Lionel Messi fight for the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup South American qualification football match between Brazil and Argentina at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on Nov 21, 2023. (PHOTO / AFP)

Venezuela is now fourth in the group with nine points from six qualifiers, six points behind leader Argentina. Peru is last in the 10-team standings with two points.

Earlier, Nicolas Otamendi struck with a second-half header as Argentina inflicted Brazil's first ever home defeat in a World Cup qualifier with a 1-0 victory in Rio de Janeiro.

ALSO READ: Coach: Brazil will stay true to role against Messi's Argentina

The Benfica defender broke the deadlock in the 63rd minute at the Maracana stadium when he rose highest to meet Giovani Lo Celso's delivery from a corner with a powerful header into the top-left corner.


The result marked Brazil's third straight defeat and its first loss in 65 home World Cup qualifiers as pressure mounts on manager Fernando Diniz, who was appointed in July.

Uruguay's midfielder Facundo Pellistri controls the ball during the 2026 FIFA World Cup South American qualification football match between Uruguay and Bolivia at the Centenario Stadium in Montevideo on Nov 21, 2023. (PHOTO / AFP)

In Montevideo, Liverpool forward Darwin Nunez scored twice to fire Uruguay to a 3-0 home victory over Bolivia.

Nunez put his side ahead at Estadio Centenario by volleying into the far corner after Facundo Pellistri's cross, and the hosts were gifted a second goal when Gabriel Villamil inadvertently turned the ball into his own net.

Nunez made it 3-0 with a close-range header following Nicolas de la Cruz's headed pass.

Bolivia's midfielder Moises Villarroel (left) fights for the ball with Uruguay's forward Luis Suarez during the 2026 FIFA World Cup South American qualification football match between Uruguay and Bolivia at the Centenario Stadium in Montevideo on Nov 21, 2023. (PHOTO / AFP)

The result marked Uruguay's third straight victory and leaves Marcelo Bielsa's men with 13 points from six matches. Bolivia has three points, having registered one win and five losses so far.


In Asuncion, Colombia continued its strong start to the qualifying campaign after a first-half penalty from Rafael Santos Borre secured a 1-0 away win over Paraguay.

READ MORE: Messi: We must pick ourselves up against Brazil

In Quito, Angel Mena's first-half goal fired Ecuador to a 1-0 victory over Chile.

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Olympic badminton champion Huang to retire from Chinese national team
A smashing outlook
Serving up a singular year
China rings in 2025 with sports celebrations of tradition, health, and joy
US beats China to reach United Cup semis
Ethiopian football captain finds inspiration in China's 'Village Super League'
Arsenal beat Brentford to close gap on Liverpool
Arsenal must keep hammering away at Liverpool's lead, says Arteta
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2025. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/362804 
 ----- 
