Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
INTERNATIONAL
FOOTBALL
Venezuela accuses Peru of 'kidnapping' its football team

Amidst a wild night of violent clashes between Lima police, Venezuelan players and football fans, Caracas has alleged that Lima prevented 'the plane bringing the team back from refueling.'

Le Monde with AFP

Published on November 22, 2023, at 7:53 pm (Paris) 

1 min read

Fans of Peru clash with police at the end of a qualifying soccer match against Venezuela for the FIFA World Cup 2026 at the National Stadium in Lima, Peru, Tuesday, Nov. 21, 2023. MARTIN MEJIA / AP

Venezuela on Wednesday, November 22, accused the Peruvian government of "kidnapping" its national football team, accusing Lima of refusing to allow the team's aircraft to refuel after a 1-1 draw between the two teams in a 2026 World Cup qualifier. The diplomatic spat began after the match, when Venezuelan players accused Peruvian police of beating them when they went to greet fans on Tuesday night.

It was a tumultuous night for the South American qualifiers, after a match between Brazil and Argentina in Rio de Janeiro led to ugly clashes between fans. After the draw, Peru is in last place in the qualifiers, while Venezuela – which has never qualified for a World Cup – is in an unprecedented fourth place.

"The Peruvian government has carried out another arbitrary act against the Venezuelans by preventing the plane bringing the team back from refueling," Foreign Minister Yvan Gil wrote on social media. "This is kidnapping as vengeance against our team which played an extraordinary match" in Lima, he added.

The Peruvian government said that it "has not ordered any measure that prohibits the refueling of the aircraft" and that "it is taking steps to resolve this situation as soon as possible." "The aforementioned aircraft has been experiencing private commercial supply restrictions beyond the control of the Peruvian State," it added.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 In Peru, growing support for the 'hard way' to crack down on crime

Hours earlier, Venezuelan footballer Nahuel Ferraresi showed bandages on his right hand, saying Peruvian police "beat" him. "These are things which should not happen. The match was over and we went to thank our Venezuelan supporters," he said.

Ferraresi said another player had handed his jersey over to fans, and he was about to throw his to the crowd when the police blocked him. "Then others got angry, I don't know what happened, and [the police] took out their batons to hit us. They hit me twice... but it's not a serious injury."

Videos of the incident, which show Peruvian police officers brandishing their batons against the players, have gone viral on social media. Venezuela's football federation condemned "acts of discrimination and xenophobia" against the team and their fans.

Before the match, Peruvian police carried out an unusual identity check among fans, and were accused of targeting Venezuelans. This move comes a week after a controversial decree came into force authorizing the government to expel foreigners. Peru is home to some 1.5 million Venezuelan immigrants, many of whom have fled a crippling economic crisis at home.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 Families of victims of police and military repression in Peru demand justice

Le Monde with AFP

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/international/article/2023/11/22/venezuela-accuses-peru-of-kidnapping-its-football-team_6279280_4.html 
 ----- 
