LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
Australia vs Oman
T20 World Cup: Stoinis stars in Australia’s comprehensive 39-run win against Oman
Stoinis helped Australia recover from a top-order slide with a brutal unbeaten 67-run knock off 36 balls

Published - June 06, 2024 10:03 pm IST - Bridgetown (Barbados)

PTI
READ LATER
PRINT

Australia’s Marcus Stoinis hits a six during the men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between Australia and Oman at Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados on June 5, 2024. | Photo Credit: PTI

Marcus Stoinis smacked a quick-fire unbeaten half-century and claimed three wickets as Australia began their T20 World Cup campaign with a comprehensive 39-run victory against Oman at the Kensington Oval on Thursday.

Stoinis helped Australia recover from a top-order slide with a brutal unbeaten 67-run knock off 36 balls to help them post 164/5 in the company of David Warner (56). He then produced figures of 3-0-19-3 as the 2021 champions grabbed two points.

Oman tried to take the fight to the opposition but their lack of experience showed as they could manage only 125/9 in 20 overs.

Oman were pegged back when Nathan Ellis (2/28) and Mitchell Starc (2/20) struck once each inside the first three overs.

Starc produced a vicious inswinger on the third ball of Oman's innings which hit Pratik Athavale (0) on the pads, but Australia were forced to take a DRS review after their appeal was declined on the field.

Oman then reviewed unsuccessfully when Ellis pinned Kashyap Prajapati (7) in front of the wickets for the second wicket.

Stoinis struck on the final ball of the powerplay to deliver a body blow, removing Oman skipper Aqib Ilyas (18) who looked to counter-attack. Ilyas was caught by Matthew Wade, who was sharp behind the wickets throughout.

Stoinis also claimed Zeeshan Maqsood (1) when he got the batter caught behind in the eighth over to ensure Australia's dominance in the game.

Late in their innings, Ayaan Khan hit an impressive 30-ball 36 with two fours and as many sixes while putting on 37 runs for the seventh wicket to delay the inevitable.

After being asked to bat first, Australia put on 164/5 in 20 overs. Stoinis' knock arrested a top-order slide for the Australians after opener Travis Head (12) and skipper Mitchell Marsh (14) were unable to convert their starts.

Veteran all-rounder Glenn Maxwell's misery continued with the bat as he was dismissed for a golden duck off Mehran, with Ilyas taking a stunning one-handed grab flying parallel to the ground.

Stoinis and Warner put on 102 runs for the fourth wicket from 64 balls after Australia were reduced to 50/3 at one stage and were in need of a revival.

Warner played a cautious knock in which he struck six fours and a six to make 56 and went past former Australia captain Aaron Finch in terms of getting most runs (3,120) for the country in the shortest format.

The left-handed Warner completed the feat in his 104th match for Australia.

Stoinis, on the other hand, was more belligerent of the two as his 67 not-out came off only 36 balls, studded with two fours and six sixes.

For Oman, Mehran Khan claimed 2/38 while Bilal Khan and Kaleemullah took one wicket each. Ilyas delivered an impressive, measly spell of 4-0-18-0 and Shakeel Ahmed was not far behind with his effort of 4-0-28-0.

Published - June 06, 2024 10:03 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

T20 World Cup 2024 / cricket / sport

Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Actor Allu Arjun appears for quizzing 
Kharge, Rahul’s dissent at NHRC selection 
BJP’s outreach to Christian community 
Shyam Benegal passes away at 90 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/t20-world-cup-stoinis-stars-in-australias-comprehensive-39-run-win-against-oman/article68260278.ece 
 ----- 
