Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Tornadoes hit Texas
Trump H1b
Delray Beach
Bengals
University of Miami
SPORTS
More Musiala magic sees Germany beat Hungary 2-0 and reach Euro 2024 knockout stage
1 of 13 |  

Germany’s Jamal Musiala (10) celebrates after scoring during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

2 of 13 |  

Germany’s Ilkay Gundogan, left, celebrates after scoring his side’s second goal during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Spada/LaPresse via AP)

3 of 13 |  

Hungary’s Attila Fiola, left, clears the ball ahead of Germany’s Niclas Fuellkrug (9) during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)

4 of 13 |  

Hungary’s Marton Dardai, left, shakes hands with Germany’s Niclas Fuellkrug after a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

5 of 13 |  

Hungary’s Dominik Szoboszlai (10) applauds on the pitch after a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Darko Vojinovic)

6 of 13 |  

Hungary players cheer fans at the end of a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

7 of 13 |  

Hungary’s Andras Schafer, left, and Germany’s Jamal Musiala vie for the ball during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

8 of 13 |  

Germany’s Jamal Musiala, third left, scores the opening goal during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Antonio Calanni)

9 of 13 |  

Germany’s Jamal Musiala celebrates after scoring his side’s opening goal during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Ariel Schalit)

10 of 13 |  

Germany’s head coach Julian Nagelsmann, right, and assistant coach Sandro Wagner react during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Matthias Schrader)

Read More
11 of 13 |  

Germany’s goalkeeper Manuel Neuer stops a shot during a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

12 of 13 |  

Germany’s Ilkay Gundogan, left, and Toni Kroos, right, smile after a Group A match at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Christian Charisius/dpa via AP)

13 of 13 |  

Germany’s head coach Julian Nagelsmann, right, greets Hungary’s coach Marco Ross, left, before a Group A match between Germany and Hungary at the Euro 2024 soccer tournament in Stuttgart, Germany, Wednesday, June 19, 2024. (Tom Weller/dpa via AP)

BY  DANIELLA MATAR
Updated 8:05 PM UTC, June 19, 2024
Share

STUTTGART, Germany (AP) — Jamal Musiala is lighting up the European Championship and showing just why his teammates think the 21-year-old forward can go on to become one of the best players in the world.

Musiala scored his second goal of the tournament on Wednesday to help Germany beat Hungary 2-0 and book its spot in the knockout stage.

“For me it’s incredible to play with him, he can do the unexpected in every single situation,” Germany captain İlkay Gündoğan said. “Maybe he’s the most important one at the moment for us and at such a young age as well.

“And, I love him. He’s such a complete player and such a nice guy as well. Very humble. And if he keeps doing his thing, the way he’s doing right now, he can be one of the best.”

Musiala opened the scoring in the 22nd minute with a goal that was furiously protested by Hungary. Gündoğan had set that up and got on the scoresheet himself in the second half.

Musiala had netted Germany’s second goal in the 5-1 opening victory over Scotland on Friday to kick off Euro 2024. Hungary lost 3-1 to Switzerland on Saturday and now faces an uphill challenge to advance.

“He did brilliant in both games,” Germany coach Julian Nagelsmann said. “Not only the two goals, I think every situation or offensive proposition is pretty tough for the opponent to defend.

“I think it’s important for him not to deal with the pressure, just to deal with his capability to solve any offensive one-on-one situations ... He should not think about the pressure, because he’s brilliant in just playing soccer.”

Hungary plays Scotland in the final Group A match on Sunday, when Nagelsmann’s team takes on Switzerland.

Germany is definitely into the next round at least as a best third-place team. It will be confirmed in the top two if Scotland fails to beat Switzerland later Wednesday.

Hungary was unbeaten in its previous three matches against Germany and it put up a good fight against the host nation in Stuttgart.

Coach Marco Rossi said his players paid the price for what he felt was unbalanced refereeing.

“Throughout my career, first as player and then as coach, I have never looked for alibis,” Rossi said. “But what the referee did tonight … I think even the Germans saw that he used two different measurements.

“Germany would have still won, it’s stronger and it would have won, but the referee was the worst on the field.”

Rossi’s side started aggressively and stunned Germany by almost taking the lead inside 20 seconds. Goalkeeper Manuel Neuer had to be quick off his line to slide to the ball to stop Roland Sallai.

The noise level ramped up every time Musiala had the ball and the Stuttgart-born forward opened the scoring in chaotic fashion.

Musiala tried to set up Gündoğan but Hungary defender Willi Orbán got to the ball first. However, he stumbled — following what Hungary protested was a shove by Gündoğan — and as shotstopper Péter Gulácsi tried to help him, Gündoğan poked it on to Musiala, who smashed it into the net with the goalkeeper still on the ground.

“I was quite surprised that the Hungarian player and his teammates were angry about it,” Gündoğan said. “I played in the Premier League for seven years and if you gave that in the Premier League as a foul I think everyone would have been laughing on the floor.”

Hungary almost leveled immediately but Neuer did brilliantly to parry Dominik Szoboszlai’s free kick and then keep out a follow-up with his foot. The crowd celebrated the save almost as loudly as it had done the goal.

The loud home fans thought Musiala had doubled his tally at the end of the half but his shot was deflected, hitting the side netting and making it ripple so that even Nagelsmann appeared to think it had gone in.

Germany was seemingly in control in the second half and did get a second in the 68th minute when Maximilian Mittelstädt rolled the ball across from the left and Gündoğan drove it into the bottom right corner.

___

AP Euro 2024: https://apnews.com/hub/euro-2024

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
A missing Tennessee girl, 14, was left in the woods by a man she met online, sheriff says
Why this 'Sleeved' Cashmere Wrap is a Must-have Gift of...
FashionInUSA
:
Advertisement
New York correctional officers pummeled handcuffed prisoner before death, footage shows
No. 18 Iowa State caps record-s etting season with Pop-Tarts Bowl win
Anderson hits 3-pointer with 6.8 seconds left to lead Utah State past No. 20 San Diego...
Trailblazing model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon...
A trailblazing former “Sports Illustrated” model who pushed back against age disc...
AP News
A family of 4 died Christmas Day at their New Hampshire lake...
A Massachusetts couple and their two daughters were identified by authorities...
AP News
Neuropathy Breakthro ugh: Why EMS Techno logy Is Turning Heads
Health Insight Journal
Advertisement:
South Carolina - New Coverage for Cars Used Less Than 37...
BestMoney,com
Advertisement:
The Truth About This So-Called Magic Blan...
Blanket Reviews
Advertisement:
Who Normally Has The Cheapest Car Insu rance In South Caroli...
BestMoney,com
Advertisement:
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Who Charges the Most for Car Insurance in South Carolina? (Ch...
OTTO Quotes
Advertisement:
Homeowners In South Carolina Can't Believe They Didn't Know Th...
thesavingexpert
Advertisement:
Chevy Silverado Prices May Shock You (Click Now)
New Chevrolet Silverado Pick Up Prices Will Amaze You. See More Here
SeekerHub Chevy Silverado 1500
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Sam...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Gilgeous-Alexander, Williams lead OKC past Charlotte 106-9...
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander had 22 points, Jalen Williams added 20 points and the...
AP News
Australia lose openers but stretc h lead to 158 runs at lunch, day...
Australia claimed a lead of 105 runs on the first innings and stretched its advantage ...
AP News
How does tire mainten ance impact the lifesp an of your car?
Peddle
Advertisement:
Impressive New Hyun dai Santa Fe Is Perfect For Seniors (Take A...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
Your Home's Value Is a Public Record (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
An altercation erupts at a high-le vel meeting of a Russia-domin...
A tightly-scripted meeting of the Russia-d ominated economic alliance of several...
AP News
Mother who fought for justice in daughter's murder case involvi...
Dorthy Moxley, the mother who fought for decades to bring her teenage daughter’s...
AP News
Loving This Latest Vintage John Dutton Jacket From Yellow...
RILOEY
Advertisement:
Costco Shoppers Say This Eye Serum Is Actually Worth It
Vibriance
Advertisement:
The Legend of the Celt ics L.B.O.
Puck News
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Who Charges the Most for Car Insurance in North Charleston? (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes:Advertisement
Managing Psoriasis Doesn't Have To Be Difficult (See Solutions)
budgetsmart:Advertisement
New Needle-free Blood Glucose Meter: Check Out The Prices
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
This Perfect Cashmere Jacket Is Ideal For The Whole Winter.
RILOEY:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/germany-hungary-euro-2024-18e88b5732018a5b9f59764209e215c4 
 ----- 
