Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
GER
2-0-0, 6 PTS
2
FT
HUN
0-0-2, 0 PTS
0
Jamal Musiala - 22'Ilkay Gündogan - 67'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Hosts Germany become 1st team to reach Euro 2024 knockouts
2:24
Klinsmann: Nagelsman should stick with the same team

Jürgen Klinsmann believes Germany should still start their strongest team despite having the opportunity to rotate against Switzerland.

ByReuters
Updated: Jun 19, 2024, 07:02 pm

Goals from Jamal Musiala and Ílkay Gündogan gave Germany a comfortable 2-0 win over Hungary in Group A on Wednesday that made the host nation the first side to qualify for the knockout stage at Euro 2024.

With two wins out of two, the Germans are guaranteed to be at least among the four best third-placed teams, and they will finish in the top two of the group if Scotland fail to beat Switzerland later on Wednesday. That scenario would also prevent Hungary from finishing in the top two.

That scenario would also prevent Hungary from finishing in the top two.

Musiala, playing in his hometown, gave the Germans the lead in the 22nd minute after some horrendous Hungarian defending led to the ball being poked into his path by Gundogan, and the 21-year-old needed no second invitation, hammering the ball in via a defender.

Roland Sallai had a goal ruled out in first-half stoppage time for Hungary and they wasted a number of other decent chances before Gündogan, in a man-of-the-match performance, scored in the 67th minute with a simple finish after a clinical build-up.

Goals from Jamal Musiala and Ílkay Gündogan helped Germany cruise into the round of 16 at Euro 2024.
Image Photo Agency/Getty Images

While few will have bet against the home side, it was in fact Germany's first competitive win over Hungary since the 1954 World Cup final. hat was the first of Germany's four world titles, and fans are now dreaming of witnessing a fourth European Championship triumph too, and on home soil.

"You can feel when you see the euphoria of the people. the atmosphere is good and happy it is taking place here," goalkeeper Manuel Neuer said.

"Germany are always in the favourites' circle but we need to do our homework. We play the toughest group team next."

Watched by German Chancellor Olaf Scholz and Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban, the match began in a febrile atmosphere with thousands of fans having spent the day partying around Stuttgart.

Hungary manager Marco Rossi said on the eve of the match that his side could not afford to make any mistakes. But that's exactly what they did after 22 minutes.

Defender Willi Orbán went to shoulder-barge Gündogan in his own area but came off the worse for it and fell over. The German captain was then able to pull the ball back to Musiala who smashed it in off defender Attila Fiola while some Hungary players had stopped and were appealing for a foul.

VAR confirmed the goal after a quick check.

Hungary responded well, with German goalkeeper Manuel Neuer having to dive across to the top corner to parry away a Dominik Szoboszlai freekick shortly after.

They then thought they had equalised on the stroke of half-time when Sallai headed in from a rebound, but it was ruled out for offside. And they had another chance to level after half-time when Barnabás Varga headed over the bar.

But the Germans kept applying pressure with Musiala in particular continuing to be a menace for the Hungary defence. He was also involved in the build-up when Gündogan doubled their lead in the 67th by sweeping in a low cross from Maximilian Mittelstädt.

"We are getting better but as we improve we have to overcome some problems, that is what this game showed today, especially in the first half. But that's the tournament -- you have to survive such situations. We survived and then hit back," Gündogan, 33, said.

Germany were able to keep possession and run the clock down as they assured their place in the next round ahead of a final group game against Switzerland on Sunday.

Hungary could still progress if they beat Scotland and other results go in their favour.

"We made some mistakes, but some mistakes in football happen, you can make mistakes. Teams like Germany and other world class teams play better than us, we know that. I'd say Germany is possibly the biggest favourite to win the Euro," Rossi said.

Game Information
MHPArena
4:00 PM, June 19, 2024
Coverage: FS1
Stuttgart, Germany
Line: GER -1.5
Over/Under: 3.5
Attendance: 54,000
Referees:
Danny Makkelie
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690587 
 ----- 
