SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
FRIENDLY INTERNATIONAL
ERIKSEN STARS AS DENMARK OVERCOME SWEDEN FOR MORALE-BOOSTING VICTORY
Eriksen stars as Denmark overcome Sweden for morale-boosting victory
Flashscore,
05.06.2024 18:58
Christian Eriksen scored and assisted a goal for Denmark in the win
AFP
Demark continued their preparation for EURO 2024 with a pulsating 2-1 win against rivals Sweden marking a 14th win in 16 games at home for De Rød-Hvide.

With 13 wins from their previous 15 at home, the Danes were brimming with confidence and struck in the opening 90 seconds. Sweden had nobody at the near post to stop Christian Eriksen’s low corner and Pierre-Emile Højbjerg’s movement saw him break free to smash it home from close range.

The hosts continued to press after the opener but they were caught out when Alexander Isak had his first sight of goal. Initially, it was Jens Cajuste who threatened from distance and his shot was well blocked by Alexander Bah, but the loose ball fell to the Newcastle United striker to slam home.

The first half continued at a ferocious pace as Bah almost restored Denmark’s lead immediately when he beat Robin Olsen to a diagonal ball from Jannik Vestergaard, but his effort from the edge of the box dribbled wide of the post.

Eriksen also came close just before the break with a fiercely-struck free kick from the edge of the area, but it was well held by Olsen. Despite a quiet first half, Rasmus Hojlund burst into life after the break and came within inches of putting the hosts back in front as he curled a shot just past the far corner after some industrious work down the left.

Eriksen had a golden chance with 15 minutes to go as the ball was worked to him after a swift break, but he took too long to cut back inside onto his favoured right foot and the opening vanished.

The Danish onslaught continued as Joakim Mæhle rampaged forward and went down heavily in the box after contact from Jens Cajuste but a VAR review showed no foul. Just when it looked like a draw was inevitable, Eriksen stepped up to curl home a beauty from the edge of the area in the dying moments and win it.

Denmark will hope to add another morale-boosting victory before the Euros as they host Norway on Saturday, while Sweden’s summer ends after their game at home to Serbia.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Christian Eriksen (Denmark)

Check out all the match stats with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
Friendly International
Euro
Sweden
Denmark
Related Articles
Italy and Turkey play out dull goalless draw in Euro 2024 warm-up friendly
04.06.2024 21:02
Nothing to separate Germany and Ukraine in goalless pre-Euros friendly
03.06.2024 20:48
Christian Eriksen completes fairytale return to Denmark squad for Euro 2024
30.05.2024 14:48
Show more
Football
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
2 h ago
Updated
EXCLUSIVE: Why Taiwo Atieno fears Kenya won't produce another Wanyama in the near future
5 h ago
Flashscore Awards 2024: Lamine Yamal voted Young Player of the Year
6 h ago
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
18 h ago
Inter Milan coach Simone Inzaghi delighted with end of Lautaro Martinez's goal drought
18 h ago
Alisson urges relentless Liverpool to create history under Arne Slot
20 h ago
Inter Milan cruise to ruthless win over Cagliari to keep pace at top of Serie A
20 h ago
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
23 h ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
Yesterday 15:42
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
Yesterday 15:04
Most Read
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Transfer News LIVE: City eye German stars, Alexander-Arnold reportedly agrees Real Madrid deal
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
Juventus - AC Milan
FOOTBALL SCORES
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Bayern Munich - Greuther Furth
BASKETBALL SCORES
Olympiacos - Lavrio
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
Zalgiris Kaunas - Olympiacos
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/denmark-sweden-report-2024-06-05/YRK3vKYO/ 
 ----- 
