Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Braves' offense undaunted by Dodgers as Sale collects 17th win
Share
Braves' offense undaunted by Dodgers as Sale collects 17th win
September 15th, 2024

Rick Farlow

Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

ATLANTA – In the Braves’ series opener against the Dodgers on Friday night at Truist Park, Atlanta hit a pair of two-run home runs en route to a victory.

In Game 2 on Saturday, Atlanta thumped Los Angeles pitching as Orlando Arcia and Matt Olson each tallied three-run doubles in the Braves’ 10-1 rout of the Dodgers.

After the Mets blew a 4-0 lead in a 6-4 loss to the Phillies on Friday, the Braves and Mets are tied for the third National League Wild Card spot.

Complete coverage: Braves' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Atlanta has scored 16 runs in 18 innings and the Braves have outscored the Dodgers 16-3 so far in the four-game series.

“When we hit like that we’re capable of a lot, obviously,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “We just kind of get cautiously optimistic that we’re [going to] get on a run because we’re getting a lot from everybody again, which is really good. The bottom third [of the lineup] produced some really good results tonight.”

Dodgers starting pitcher Jack Flaherty struggled as he allowed four runs on five hits over three innings in his shortest start since Aug. 15, 2023, when he was with the Orioles.

Flaherty walked four batters in the short outing and eclipsed 70 pitches in the bottom of the third inning. His 72nd pitch resulted in Arcia’s bases-loaded double that split the right-center-field gap.

“I’m super happy, obviously,” Arcia said through interpreter Franco García. “I’m just really happy the way things have been going for the club lately. I think as a team, we go out every day and we go out to enjoy ourselves, but we go out to do the same thing and work hard and try to win every single game. It was nice that we were able to go out there and do that tonight.”

Jorge Soler led off the frame with a double and Marcell Ozuna walked to put two on with no one out. After Olson struck out looking and Sean Murphy reached on a fielder’s choice, Jarred Kelenic walked to load the bases for Arcia.

“[That was] huge in that game,” Snitker said. “There were a lot of good at-bats leading up to it. When you score runs like that off [Flaherty], it’s pretty good.”

Olson’s three-run double was part of a six-run sixth inning that propelled Atlanta to a 10-1 lead. It was Olson’s second RBI double of the game as he went 2-for-5 with four RBIs. His first double, in the bottom of the first, gave the Braves a 1-0 lead.

“[There were] a lot of good at-bats,” Olson said. “We were able to get into the bullpen early for a second night in a row. It’s just a good top-to-bottom win.”

Related
Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

What's ahead for Braves in the new year?

January 2nd, 2025

The 'Unspoken Bond' between Olson and longtime friend

October 11th, 2024

Anthopoulos talks future for Sale, Fried, Ozuna and more

October 4th, 2024

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Atlanta scored 10 runs, without the benefit of a home run. The club last won a game in such fashion on Aug. 26, 2022, over the Cardinals at Busch Stadium (11-0). Atlanta was 3-for-8 with runners in scoring position.

“We’re not really playing long ball,” Olson said. “We’re just kind of moving the line with some good situational hitting. [There were] a couple of [sacrifice] flies. It was a good win.”

Braves starting pitcher Chris Sale got plenty of run support en route to his Major League-leading 17th win of the year (17-3). The leading candidate for the NL Cy Young Award allowed one earned run on five hits over six innings with six strikeouts and two walks.

“These last couple of nights were what we expected of ourselves,” Sale said. “Obviously the fans are in it and this has been a great atmosphere. We kind of knew that coming into this one with the Dodgers coming to town and who they have and what this series means. It’s just been a good couple of games for us.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Los Angeles starting pitchers have combined to go just five innings over the two games after Landon Knack gave up five runs on seven hits over two innings on Friday. The Dodgers used four relievers on Friday and five on Saturday. In order to save bullpen arms, shortstop Miguel Rojas pitched in the seventh and second baseman Kiké Hernández had the eighth.

“That’s always a big thing in a series, especially a four-game series,” Snitker said. “If you can get into the bullpen, it’s big. They still have a deep bullpen and they have a lot of pieces that are really good. Their leverage guys were still down there fresh. It’s good to do that because I hate it when teams do it to us.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Atlanta Braves
Matt Olson
Orlando Arcia
Chris Sale
You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

5:00 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

4:24 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/braves-offense-scores-10-runs-to-back-chris-sale-s-17th-win 
 ----- 
