Times Now
TN Navbharat
Zoom
ET Now
ET Now Swadesh
Times Drive
Health And Me
Digit
Marathi
Telugu
Tamil
Bengali
Kannada
Malayalam
Unilist

Theme

Sports

Pickleball

Padel

Cricket

Football

WWE

Tennis

Badminton

Hockey

Athletics

NBA

MMA

Live Score

TRENDING:

Previous
HMPV Virus Cases Live
Delhi Assembly Election Date
GATE 2025 Admit Card
2025 Skoda Enyaq Facelift
Nepal Earthquake
Earthquake Delhi NCR
MS Dhoni Bike Collection
PSU Job through GATE 2025
Pakistan
Maha Kumbh Mela
Trudeau Resignation
Yashasvi Jaiswal
Next

News

Sports

Cricket

South Africa's Rainy Affair In World Cups May Yet Again Cost Them A Spot In Semis As Arabian Storm Brews
South Africa remain the only side other than India and New Zealand to have remained unbeaten in the World Cup 2023 till now. But what they are likely to witness in their next couple of matches scheduled to be held in Mumbai may evoke memories of past disappointments where a rainy affair eventually went on to cost them a spot - once in a World Cup final in 1992 and in another - a place in the next stage of the tournament in 2003.
Written by:
TN Sports Desk

Updated Oct 17, 2023, 18:45 IST

South Africa's Rainy Affair In World Cups May Yet Again Cost Them A Spot In 2023 World Cup Semis As Arabian Storm Brews

South Africa have been clinical in their performance so far in the ODI World Cup 2023 and have looked more than impressive, both with the bat and ball. In fact, other than India and New Zealand, South Africa remain the only other side to have remained unbeaten so far in the tournament, having played two matches, with the third one underway against the Netherlands, which they are expected to win.
South Africa could not have asked for a better start to the tournament but what they are likely to witness in their next couple of matches scheduled to be held in Mumbai may evoke memories of past disappointments where a rainy affair eventually went on to cost them a spot - once in a World Cup final in 1992 and in another - a place in the next stage of the tournament in 2003.
The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has predicted a potential cyclonic storm emerging in the southeastern Arabian Sea and the nearby Lakshadweep region within the next 48 hours due to a low-pressure area expected to develop in the Arabian Sea.
The Proteas are scheduled to play England and Bangladesh at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on the 21st and 24th of October. While the match between South Africa and England is expected to be clear, the match against Bangladesh might just fall in the eye of the storm.
'Decent chance of Cyclone around 22-23 October in Central Arabian Sea. Still too early to say about its track after that,' according to an X user who goes by the name @IndiaWeatherMan.
Mumbai Weather
Mumbai_Cyclone
"21st Eng-Sa should be fine. 24th Ban-Sa depends on Cyclone track. Right now anywhere between Yemen-Oman to Mumbai-Gujarat in play," he further said while responding to another user's query.
The ongoing match between South Africa and the Netherlands in Dharamsala was also delayed due to rain and was reduced to 43-overs per side. The weather is expected to be clear for the rest of the match.
1992 World Cup EXIT: The South Africans were well on their way to the final before rain played a decisive factor in their semi-final match against England. The Proteas needed 22 off 13 balls when rain forced the play to stop. After the rain rule was enforced, the target for South Africa was 21 off 1 ball. And that was that for South Africa.
2003 World Cup Group Stage Exit: South Africa needed a win against Sri Lanka to progress to the next stage of the tournament. The instructions were clear to Mark Boucher in the 45th over of the innings that the target for South Africa to win was 229 but it turned out that the Proteas needed one more run. Boucher, who was on-strike didn't intend to take a single off the last ball of the 45th over, mistakenly knowing that they had achieved the Duckworth-Lewis target. The rain didn't allow the players to return to the pitch. It was an error in calculation in a rain-interrupted contest that had once again had the final say in South Africa's untimely exit from the tournament.
South Africa's Remaining Fixtures in ICC World Cup 2023:
Venue	Date	Against
Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai	21.10.2023	England
Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai	24.10.2023	Bangladesh
MA Chidambaram Stadium, Chennai	27.10.2023	Pakistan
Maharashtra Cricket Association Stadium, Pune	01.11.2023	New Zealand
Eden Gardens, Kolkata	05.11.2023	India
Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad	10.11.2023	Afghanistan
Let's hope we have a full game for all the remaining fixtures involving South Africa. A washout would mean that South Africa would lose out on points and a spot in the semifinals in an event as big and close as the World Cup can at times be decided by just a point, even worse net run-rate.
Latest News 
Previous
INDIA
Clash Averted at India-Bangladesh Border in Kailasahar; BSF Tackles Smuggling Operations with Precision
VIDEOS
Stage Set For Delhi Election, EC Crushes EVM Excuses; Rebuts Oppn's Charges| Newshour Agenda
VIDEOS
Delhi Polls: Beyond The Fracas And Freebies; 'Dilli Ka Tadka' On Mirror Now | Beyond The Headline
WORLD
McDonald's To Walmart: Which Big US Companies Are Rolling Back Their Diversity Practices
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
When Sunita Ahuja Revealed Govinda HURT Two Girls In College: Hit One With Umbrella, Threw Hot Milk On Another
LIFESTYLE
8 Books by John Steinbeck That Will Stir Your Soul and Challenge Your Mind
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
Khushi Kapoor Recreates Loveyapa Title Song With Sister Janhvi Kapoor, Don't Miss Boney Kapoor's Adorable Cameo
VIDEOS
UK: Pakistani Immigrants' Inhumane Acts Ignored | EU Leaders Accuse Musk Of Election Interference
Next

TRENDING:

Previous
WWE RAW NETFLIX DEBUT
INDIA WTC FINAL
JASPRIT BUMRAH
Next
End of Article
Subscribe to our daily Newsletter!
SUBMIT
Live TV
Shows
Playing in picture-in-picture
Related News 
ODI World Cup 2023 Points Table: New Zealand Back On Top, Conway & Santner Lead Batting & Bowling Charts
ODI World Cup 2023 Points Table: South Africa Leapfrog NZ, India & PAK To Take No. 1 Position, Australia 9th
Not Sanju Samson! 31-Year-Old To Compete With Rishabh Pant For Wicketkeeper Spot In Champions Trophy 2025: Report
Not Rishabh Pant! AB de Villiers Names Delhi Capitals Batter Who Can Emulate MS Dhoni
Temba Bavuma Creates History, Becomes First Player In The World After 74 Years To...

Follow us :

DOWNLOAD APP
Top Trends
PSU Job through GATE 2025
Shillong Teer
Ajay Devgn
2025 Skoda Enyaq Facelift
Delhi Election 2025 Date
Zomato Shares
Capital Infra Trust IPO
Fake Universities
Trudeau Resignation
China Earthquake
Delhi Elections Dates
Stock Market Today
HMPV Cases Live Tracker
GATE Admit Card 2025
Top Searches
Budget 2025
US 2025 Holiday Calendar
Times Now Live TV
Holidays in India
NSE Holidays
Festivals
Gold Price Today
Aadhaar Card
Passport
PAN Card
Driving Licence
Fuel Price in India
Entertainment
Tom Holland
Game Changer
Pushpa 2 Box Office
Zendaya
Allu Arjun
Good Bad Ugly
Baby John OTT Release Date
Bigg Boss 18
Sankrantiki Vasthunnam
All We Imagine As Light
Mufasa Box Office
Shah Rukh Khan
Lifestyle
HMPV vs Covid
HMPV Virus Cases
HMPV Symptoms
Important Days In January 2025
Scorpio Horoscope 2025
CAPRICORN Horoscope 2025
SAGITTARIUS Horoscope 2025
AQUARIUS Horoscope 2025
PISCES Horoscope 2025
Aries Horoscope 2025
LEO Horoscope 2025
TAURUS Horoscope 2025
GEMINI Horoscope 2025
Cancer Horoscope 2025
Baby Names
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Regulatory
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Syndication And Partnerships

© 2025 Bennett, Coleman & Company Limited

Welcome to timesnownews.com

timesnownews.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/south-africas-rainy-affair-in-world-cups-may-yet-again-cost-them-a-spot-in-semis-as-arabian-storm-brews-article-104499285 
 ----- 
