HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0

ICC CRICKET WORLD CUP 2027

NZ vs SL: Live streaming details, when and where to watch ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match 41
Published at :
November 8, 2023 at 6:29 PM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 7:31 PM

Karan Rawat

0
0
NZ vs SL clash in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 will take place on Thursday in Bangalore.

With only one place left to fill in the semi-final of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, New Zealand will have a huge game in front of them. New Zealand will lock horns with Sri Lanka in their last group match, which will be played at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.

To stay in the semi-finals race, New Zealand needs to win this game. On the other hand, Sri Lanka have already been eliminated from the competition, so they have a chance to spoil the party of Black Caps.

Match 41 – New Zealand vs Sri Lanka, November 9, Thursday | M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru | 02:00 PM I.S.T (08:30 AM G.M.T)
NZ vs SL: Match Details

Match: New Zealand (NZ) vs Sri Lanka (SL), Match 41, ICC Men’s ODI Cricket World Cup 2023

Match Date: November 9, 2023

Time: 02:00 p.m.

Venue: M. Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru

When to watch NZ vs SL ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match 41? Timing details:

This NZ vs SL match will start in the afternoon at 2:00 p.m. as per the Indian standard timing in the afternoon (08:30 AM G.M.T.) on November 9 (Thursday).

Toss timing: 01:30 p.m. (I.S.T.)

Where to watch NZ vs SL ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match 41?

The International Cricket Council (ICC) has granted Disney+ Hotstar digital rights to the event. As a result, the upcoming NZ vs SL match, as well as the entire ICC Cricket World Cup 2023, will be televised on Disney+ Hotstar. This game will also be broadcast live on Star Sports Networks and its regional networks in a variety of languages, including English, Hindi, Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, and others.

If you want to watch the game live on your mobile device or website, you can utilize the Disney+ Hotstar app, which does not require a paid membership or package. Cricket fans can now take advantage of a number of new tools that will enhance their viewing experience and elevate viewer expectations.

The game will be televised live on Sky Sports Main Event, Sky Sports Mix, Sky Showcase, SkyGO, and the Sky Sports App for fans in the United Kingdom. Highlights can also be viewed on Channel 5 and the My5 App in the United Kingdom.

Live streaming is accessible in the United States via the ESPN+ app and the WillowTV channel. Australians will get access to Fox Sports and Kayo. The SuperSport network in 52 Sub-Saharan African nations, including South Africa, will show live coverage of the NZ vs SL match.

Sky Sports New Zealand will broadcast the upcoming match. The match will be broadcast live on STARZPLAY across the Middle East and North Africa, as well as CricLife MAX in the UAE.

Where to watch NZ vs SL ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match 41? Country-wise TV, Live streaming details:

India: TV – Star Sports | Digital – Hotstar

Afghanistan: TV – Ariana TV | Digital – arianatelevision.com

Australia: TV – FOX Cricket, FOX505, FOX503, Channel 9 | Digital – FoxtelGo, FoxtelNOW, Kayo, NineNow

Bangladesh: TV – GTV, T Sports | Digital – Rabbithole

Canada: TV – Willow TV | Digital – Willow TV

Caribbean Islands: TV – ESPN, ESPN2 | Digital – ESPN Play Caribbean

Central & South America: Digital – ESPN+Mexico: Digital – ESPN+

New Zealand: TV – Sky Sport | Digital – skygo.co.nz , skysportnow.co.nz

Pakistan: TV – PTV Sports, PTV National, A-Sports | Digital – ptvflix, Daraz, Jazz, ARY ZAP

Sri Lanka: TV – TV1 Sirasa TV, Shakthi TV | Digital – sirasatv.lk

South Africa: TV – SuperSport | Digital – SuperSport app

England: TV – Sky Sports | Digital – SkyGO

United States Of America: TV – Willow TV | Digital – ESPN+

For more updates, follow Khel Now Cricket on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
SA vs PAK: Pakistan handed five WTC points penalty for slow over-rate in 2nd test, all players fined 25 percent
ICC Champions Trophy 2025: Will England boycott their match against Afghanistan?
"Join the fun of SA20.." AB de Villiers wishes BCCI softens its stance on overseas league participation of Indian players
Durban’s Super Giants and 1xBet organize meet and greet with players and branded merch giveaway: details of the deal
"Bold decisions" from BCCI selectors on the cards for England test tour, feels Sunil Gavaskar
Advertisement
Advertisement
Editor Picks
SA vs PAK: Pakistan handed five WTC points penalty for slow over-rate in 2nd test, all players fined 25 percent
ICC Champions Trophy 2025: Will England boycott their match against Afghanistan?
"Join the fun of SA20.." AB de Villiers wishes BCCI softens its stance on overseas league participation of Indian players
"Bold decisions" from BCCI selectors on the cards for England test tour, feels Sunil Gavaskar
IND vs ENG: Indian Cricket Team 15-member squad for ODI series against England - Predicted
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/cricket/nz-vs-sl-live-streaming-details-icc-cwc-2023 
 ----- 
