SAINTS
STORE
TICKETS
JOIN US / SIGN IN
Menu
Published: Friday 22 March 2024
facebook
twitter
copy-link
MEN'S TEAM
Harwood-Bellis captains England in U21s EURO qualifying
Written by
SFC Media

Southampton's Taylor Harwood-Bellis registered an assist for England's Under-21s in a dominant win over Azerbaijan in EURO Under-21s qualifying action.

The centre-back skippered the Young Lions in Baku, as his side breezed to a 5-1 victory to move joint-top of Group F.

Quickfire goals before the half hour mark from Harvey Eillott and Noni Madueke saw England lead 2-0 at the break, as they controlled the encounter throughout.

In the second half, Harwood-Bellis was cruelly denied his first Under-21s goal as his on-target header deflected in off the heels of an unaware Jaden Philogene for England's third goal.

With the Saints man settling for an assist, he saw out the remainder of the game as Elliott added a fourth goal before a late consolation from Rəmin Nəsirli was followed by Archie Gray's debut strike.

Elsewhere in the Young Lions camp, at Under-18s level, Saints’ young trio of Sam Amo-Ameyaw, Tyler Dibling, and Jayden Meghoma, all featured in a goalless draw against Germany in the Pinatar Super Cup.

Meghoma started and played the full 90 minutes in England's second game of the competition, keeping a clean sheet as Tom Curtis's side earned a bonus point with victory on penalties.

Dibling and Amo-Ameyaw were introduced off the bench in the final half hour, as Amo-Ameyaw went close to finding a winner in normal time on two occasions.

Shea Charles was in friendly action for Northern Ireland, as he played the duration of a 1-1 draw against Romania and registered an assist just seven minutes into the contest.

Charles raced forward in a swift counter-attack, and played the decisive pass that allowed Stevenage's Jamie Reid to sweep the ball home in the opening stages of his international debut.

The game ended level, as Nothern Ireland were pegged back in the first half by Dennis Man's finish.

Finally, Ché Adams and Stuart Armstrong were introduced off the bench as Scotland suffered a 4-0 defeat against the Netherlands in a friendly in Amsterdam.

Adams got just over 20 minutes of action under his belt as Armstrong played the final 15, but neither were able to help turn around the scoreline against a strong Dutch side.

Viewing this page on a mobile device? Download the Saints app for all the latest news, feature videos and interactive content to get you closer to the action!

Open the Saints app today!

Men's First Team
International
Taylor Harwood-Bellis
Samuel Amo-Ameyaw
Tyler Dibling
Jayden Meghoma
Che Adams
Stuart Armstrong
Related
Brooks and Bednarek progress in EURO play-offs
MEN'S TEAM
Brooks and Bednarek progress in EURO play-offs
Amo-Ameyaw scores in England U18s win
MEN'S TEAM
Amo-Ameyaw scores in England U18s win
Help
Help Centre
Contact Us
Getting To St Mary's
Accessibility
Saints Tickets App Information
Legal
Terms Of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Modern Slavery Statement
© 2024 Southampton FC. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without our written permission.
Cookies

We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website.

Accept All
Cookie PolicyManage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.southamptonfc.com/en/news/article/harwood-bellis-captains-england-in-u21s-euro-qualifying 
 ----- 
