THE IRISH FA
NEWS
SHOP
STADIUM
STRATEGY
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER*
International 
Domestic 
Foundation 
TICKETS
B
Fixtures and results
E
Squads
Northern Ireland Senior Men
Northern Ireland Under 21
Northern Ireland Under 19 Men
Northern Ireland Under 17 Men
Northern Ireland Senior Women
Northern Ireland Under 19 Women
Northern Ireland Under 17 Women
D
GAWA Zone
Supporters' clubs
Fan Experience
REWIND: Watch classic Northern Ireland matches
Northern Ireland Hall of Fame
GAWA Shop
J
JD National Academy
About JD National Academy
B
Fixtures & Results
A
Cup competitions
Clearer Water Irish Cup
Women's Challenge Cup
McComb's Coach Travel Intermediate Cup
fonaCAB Craig Stanfield Junior Cup
Harry Cavan Youth Cup
M
Leagues
NIFL Premiership
NIFL Women’s Premiership
NIFL Championship
NIFL Premier Intermediate League
Northern Ireland Women's Football Association
Northern Amateur Football League
Player Registration Forms
G
Grassroots and Youth Football
Irish FA Football Camps
McDonald's Programmes
Girls' and women's football
Safeguarding
Delivering Let Them Play
Schools Programmes
NI Boys' Football Association
NI Schools' Football Association
Howdens Game Changer Programme
Youth Football Review
Football Community Hubs
K
Disability Football
Coaching
Disability Strategy Booklet
Deaf football
George Best Community Cup
C
Community & Volunteering
Stadium Community Benefits Initiative
How to volunteer
People & Clubs
Stay Onside
Ahead of the Game
Walking Football
Department for Communities
Young Leaders Programme
Fresh Start Through Sport Programme
N
Futsal
Grassroots Futsal Development
Domestic Futsal Competitions
Futsal Coach Education
Futsal Referee Education
International Futsal
Home
International teams
Domestic
Irish FA Foundation
The Irish FA
News
Events
Shop
H TICKETS
Subscribe
Newsletter
Irish FA five-year strategy
Find A Club
Football NI app
Esports
FOTM
IrishCupFinal
Women’s Euro
Friday 22 Mar 2024
Youthful Northern Ireland secure draw against Romania
 Home
 News
Youthful Northern Ireland secure draw against Romania
An energetic Northern Ireland produced an excellent performance to draw 1-1 with Euros-bound Romania in Bucharest tonight.

Striker Jamie Reid scored on his debut as Northern Ireland proved to be worthy opponents for Romania, who are bound for UEFA Euro 2024 in Germany after topping their qualifying group back in the autumn.

It was an encouraging performance from a youthful Northern Ireland. O’Neill’s team were full of running and showed plenty of skill, desire and commitment.

Romania, who were unbeaten in 10 games going in to the international challenge match, sprayed the ball around smartly but the visitors did likewise.

Up to 300 Northern Ireland fans cheered on the boys in vivid green and white at the 55,000-capacity Arena Nationala.

And Northern Ireland stunned the 30,000 Romanian fans inside the stadium when they took the lead in the seventh minute.

Conor Bradley sped down the right flank and fed Shea Charles who slipped the ball to debutant Reid and he clipped the ball home off the underside of the bar from eight yards. It was a smart finish.

Four minutes later Bradley produced another lung-busting run into the opposition box and it took two defenders and Romanian goalkeeper Florin Nita to thwart him.

Romania levelled on 23 minutes. Attacking midfielder Dennis Man outwitted Eoin Toal and Brodie Spencer inside the area after getting on the end of a long pass and blasted the ball home from 10 yards. Goalkeeper Conor Hazard got his gloves to Man’s shot but he could not prevent it from hitting the back of the net. It was Romania’s first shot on target.

After that Bradley and Isaac Price linked up well down the right flank, however the Romanian defence managed to keep them at bay.

Man let fly inside the box once again, however his powerful goal-bound shot hit his teammate George Puscas and the ball was cleared by the Northern Ireland defence.

On the stroke of half-time Spencer produced a superb covering tackle to nick the ball away from Vasile Mogos after he controlled a long pass inside the area and was about to pull the trigger.

Romania had the first opportunity of the second half, however substitute keeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell comfortably gathered a low drive from Razvan Marin.

Spencer produced another fine tackle to dispossess Man as he threatened once again before a deflected Alexandru Cicaldau shot dipped over the crossbar.

Down the other end Spencer attempted a shot from the edge of the penalty area but his effort was blocked.

Skipper Paddy McNair, who was steady throughout at the back alongside Toal and Trai Hume, had to be on his toes to head away a dangerous cross from Romania captain Nicolae Stanciu.

On 79 minutes substitute Josh Magennis teed up McNair inside the Romanian area but his low drive was gathered in neatly by Nita.

Five minutes later Romania substitute Ianis Hagi fired a shot straight into Peacock-Farrell’s arms.

Romania applied pressure towards the end, however they were unable to breach the Northern Ireland backline.

Romania: Florin Nita, Vasile Mogos, Cristian Manea, Andrei Burca, Radu Dragusin, Razvan Marin, Dennis Man, Alexandru Cicaldau, George Puscas, Nicolae Stanciu (captain), Florinel Coman.

Substitutes: Horatiu Moldovan, Stefan Tarnovanu, Andrei Ratiu, Adrian Sut, Marius Marin, Denis Alibec, Florin Tanase, Valentin Mihaila, Ianis Hagi, Adrian Rus, Denis Dragus, Olimpiu Morutan, Deian Sorescu, Darius Olaru, Bogdan Racovitan.

Northern Ireland: Conor Hazard, Conor Bradley, Trai Hume, Paddy McNair (captain), Eoin Toal, Brodie Spencer, Shea Charles, Jordan Thompson, Jamie Reid, Isaac Price, Paddy Lane.

Substitutes: (used) Bailey Peacock-Farrell, Conor McMenamin, Alistair McCann, Josh Magennis; (unused) Luke Southwood, Aaron Donnelly, Callum Marshall, Shayne Lavery, Paul Smyth, Caolan Boyd-Munce, Ciaron Brown.

Action from Bucharest
Related Articles
2024 review: Northern Ireland senior women’s team
29 December 2024
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
Vote for the Northern Ireland Senior Women’s Goal of the Year 2024
19 December 2024
Related News
READ MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS NEWS
2024 review: Northern Ireland senior women’s team
29 December 2024
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERNATIONAL
Fixtures & Results
Tournaments
Squads
Match Day Information
GAWA Zone
Club Zone
FOUNDATION
Grassroots And Youth Football
Disability Football
Community & Volunteering
Futsal
DOMESTIC
Fixture & Results
Cup Competitions
Leagues
ADDITIONAL LINKS
The Irish FA
News
Shop
GAWA Official

Make it official! Find out more

TICKETS
© Irish Football Association 2024
Site Map
Terms of use
Privacy

This website uses cookies. Please click Accept and Close to accept the use of cookies on our website. By continuing to browse our website you consent to the use of cookies on this website.

ACCEPT AND CLOSE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishfa.com/news/2024/march/youthful-northern-ireland-secure-draw-against-romania 
 ----- 
