NEWS
SPORT
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
HOT PRESS
SOCCER
Conor Bradley reveals Caoimhin Kelleher plays Irish songs in Liverpool dressing room
Mark Donlon
22/03/2024

Liverpool defender Conor Bradley has revealed Caoimhin Kelleher plays “Irish songs” in the Liverpool dressing room – and added he wasn’t a fan.

Tyrone native Bradley has caught the eye since being drafted into the Reds’ first team in January of this year, with his full debut against Bournemouth closely followed by his first Liverpool goal in a Man of the Match display against Chelsea at the end of the month.

The Northern Ireland international’s emergence ran parallel with an extended run in the team for Irish international goalkeeper Kelleher, with the 25-year-old deputising for the injured Alisson Becker. Both started in Liverpool’s Carabao Cup final win against Chelsea in February, and Bradley threw some light on the off-field dynamic between the pair.

Conor Bradley has been in fine form since making his full Liverpool debut in January. Pic: Michael Regan/Getty Images

Appearing in a segment on the club’s official Instagram, Bradley was thrown a series of quickfire questions such as who was the most likely to stay on late after training – to which he answered none other than Mo Salah.

Thrown into the mix was a question on the most likely Kop star to “play the worst music in the dressing room”.

‘Caoimhin Kelleher,’ Bradley answered. ‘He plays, like, Irish songs and they’re… no, not for me!’.

Caoimhin Kelleher and Conor Bradley celebrate Liverpool’s Carabao Cup final victory against Chelsea. Pic: Mike Hewitt/Getty Images

Bradley is currently on international duty with Northern Ireland as Michael O’Neill’s side get set to face Romania and Scotland in friendly encounters.

Earlier this week, he reflected on his dream run in Jurgen Klopp’s side to date and admitted his performance against Chelsea – where he notched two assists as well as his memorable goal – was his “pinch-myself moment”.

Liverpool’s Conor Bradley described his performance against Chelsea earlier this season – where he scored one goal and assisted two more – as his “pinch-myself moment”. Pic: Clive Brunskill/Getty Images

He said: ‘I definitely didn’t think it would go this well. My pinch-myself moment was probably against Chelsea when I scored and got two assists.

Fear of the drop: Ireland’s Premier League stars in survival mode

‘The fans chanting my name was pretty special. I don’t think I will have a better night than that to be honest.’

MORE: TRENDING SOCCER
CRISTIANO RONALDO DEFENDS RUBEN AMORIM DESPITE ROCKY START AT MAN UTD
FAI SLAPPED WITH INCREASED FINE AFTER GOD SAVE THE KING ISSUE AT WEMBLEY
MAN UNITED’S BACK-FROM-THE-BRINK STAR SET TO TAKE CAPTAIN’S ARMBAND FOR NEWCASTLE TIE
SHARE NOW

READ MORE
Hammers hammered by five-star Liverpool as league leaders go eight points clear
Liverpool ‘keeper Alisson plays down comparisons to club’s title win in 2020
Ruben Amorim makes stark statement on Man Utd future after poor start
MUST READ SOCCER
Liverpool ‘keeper Alisson plays down comparisons to club’s title win in 2020
Cristiano Ronaldo defends Ruben Amorim despite rocky start at Man Utd
Hammers hammered by five-star Liverpool as league leaders go eight points clear
Ireland star Denise O’Sullivan slates FAI call to cut ties with coach Colin Healy
Man United’s back-from-the-brink star set to take captain’s armband for Newcastle tie
Watch: Roy Keane mortified as Sky dig out embarrassing hairdo from the archives
FAI slapped with increased fine after God Save The King issue at Wembley
Evan Ferguson can play key role for Premier League title chasers in January, says ex-Ireland star
Pep Guardiola celebrates Man City milestone with much-needed win at Leicester
Show Purposes
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Promotion Rules
Terms & Conditions
© 2021 – 2024 Extra.ie | DMG Media
Sampling and Survey Panel
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Promotion Rules
Terms & Conditions
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://extra.ie/2024/03/22/sport/soccernews/conor-bradley-kelleher-liverpool 
 ----- 
