Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Colorado Rockies Continue to Strike Out at Historic Rate in Latest Loss
After striking out 16 times against the Milwaukee Brewers on Saturday, the Colorado Rockies moved up the all-time MLB leaderboards in all the wrong ways.
Sam Connon | Sep 8, 2024
Sep 6, 2024; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Colorado Rockies shortstop Ezequiel Tovar (14) hits a double in the sixth inning against the Milwaukee Brewers at American Family Field. / Benny Sieu-Imagn Images
In this story:
Colorado Rockies

From start to finish Saturday night, the Colorado Rockies couldn't help but strike out.

The Milwaukee Brewers' pitching staff got out of a jam in the first inning by punching out Ryan McMahon, and it didn't stop there. All three Rockies outs in the top of the second came by way of the K, as was the case in the third.

The Rockies hung around thanks to solo home runs by McMahon and Sam Hilliard, but the Brewers held on to win 5-2. By the time it was all said and done, Colorado had racked up 16 strikeouts.

Jake Cave was the only member of the starting lineup not to strike out, but Hunter Goodman pinch hit for him and struck out twice. Michael Toglia and Brendan Rodgers struck out three times apiece.

That makes 75 strikeouts for the Rockies over their last five games.

According to OptaSTATS, that is the second-most strikeouts by a team over any five-game span in MLB's modern era. The Brewers still own the record with 77 strikeouts across five games back in 2017.

The Rockies don't actually lead MLB in strikeouts this season – that title belongs to the Seattle Mariners – but they do rank dead last in the National League.

Shortstop-of-the-future Ezequiel Tovar is up to 178 strikeouts, beating out the 166 from his rookie campaign in 2023. McMahon, an All-Star, ranks second on the team with 162, while Brenton Doyle, Toglia and Rodgers have all surged well past 100 as well.

Colorado is flirting with its worst record in franchise history at 53-90, tracking to finish last in the NL West for the third year in a row. If the Rockies go 5-14 or worse to round out the season, they will post a worse winning percentage than they did in 2023 – or any other year since their inception in 1993, for that matter.

The Rockies and Brewers have a rubber mach scheduled for 2:10 p.m. ET on Sunday.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 8, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/colorado-rockies-continue-to-strike-out-at-historic-rate-in-latest-loss-16-k-vs-milwaukee-brewers-75-in-last-5-games-01j78vb42mpj 
 ----- 
