Skip to content
Subscribe Now
28°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Kyle Freeland dominates, Sam Hilliard homers in Rockies’ 4-1 win over Brewers
Sam Hilliard #16 of the Colorado Rockies crosses home plate after hitting a three run homer in the fifth inning against the Milwaukee Brewers at American Family Field on Sept. 08, 2024 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. (Photo by John Fisher/Getty Images)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 8, 2024 at 3:54 PM MDT

Kyle Freeland set the tone, Sam Hilliard provided the juice, and the bullpen closed the deal Sunday afternoon in one of the Rockies’ most impressive victories of the season.

Their 4-1 win over the playoff-bound Brewers at American Family Field earned them a three-game series victory in Milwaukee.

Freeland’s rocky first inning gave no hint of the brilliance to come.

The lefty needed 32 pitches to get through the first, his troubles exacerbated by third baseman Ryan McMahon’s throwing error, which allowed Gary Sanchez to reach first and Rhys Hoskins to follow up with a bloop single to score William Contreras.

But after yielding a one-out single to Issac Collins in the second, Freeland retired the next 14 hitters he faced. The lefty pitched six innings, giving up one unearned run on three hits and no walks. He struck out four. Freeland needed just 57 pitches over his final five frames.

“Kyle was a little slow out of the chute, but I think his (pitch) movement picked up from the second inning on,” manager Bud Black told reporters in Milwaukee. “I saw a moving fastball, and even at 90-91 (mph), it was tailing. The breaking ball got a little better and the location got a little bit better.

“And it looked as though the Brewers were a little bit more aggressive than in the first two games and that worked to Kyle’s advantage.”

Since coming off the injured list where he dealt with an elbow strain, Freeland is 5-3 with a 3.47 ERA in 13 starts, nine of them quality starts.

Rookie relievers Seth Halvorsen, Angel Chivilli, and veteran closer Tyler Kinley combined to pitch three perfect innings as the Rockies tied a franchise record by retiring the final 23 hitters to end a game. Kinley notched his 11th save.

“We have some big, young arms (in the bullpen), and we are looking forward to their future,” Black said. “What they did against a playoff-bound team, in their ballpark, in a three-run game, was pretty impressive.”

Over the last nine games, Colorado’s bullpen has posted a 1.21 ERA, including four consecutive scoreless outings.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades

Hilliard, getting the start in center field in place of Brenton Doyle who’s nursing a sore left hand, beat the odds with his game-clinching three-run homer in the fifth. Brewers manager Pat Murphy pulled struggling starter Freddy Peralta and brought in lefty reliever Hoby Milner to face the left-handed hitting Hilliard. But Hilliard parked Milner’s 1-1, 80 mph sweeper to give Colorado a 4-1 lead.

“I thought he was going with a fastball, but he threw a slider right into my loop and I was able to say on it and put the barrel on it,” Hilliard told Rockies.TV.

Hillard, who seems to be adjusting better to his role as a bench player, also hit a home run on Saturday. Of his 25 hits this season, 12 have gone for extra bases (four doubles, a triple, seven home runs).

Colorado’s other run came on a leadoff solo homer by Hunter Goodman in the third, Goodman’s ninth homer.

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 8, 2024 at 3:10 PM MDT
Around the Web
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (Big Pharma Companies Hate This!)
Control Sugar Levels
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Cops Called in Hours After Couple Begins Renovation on Their Old Home
dailysportx
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Forget Glasses: Natural Method Fix Blurry Vision Fast
WellnessGaze Vision
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Dog Growls at Wall Until Dad Smells Something Strange and Rips It Down
novelodge
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
Dentist: Add This to Your Toothpaste to Help Regrow Your Gums in a Few Days
Health News | Dental
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Millionaire in The Making? Ai Platform Transforms $900 Into $38,000 in 30 Days
Best Trader
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You
Myeloma I Search Ads
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive | Search Ads
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Healthier Living Tips
15 Most Unhealthy Foods You Should Never Eat for Breakfast
Health Natural
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Dermatologist Begs Americans to "Fill In" Wrinkles With This Tip (Every Morning)
WellnessGaze Skin
Do You Know What Squamous Cell Carcinoma Is? Learn More!
Skin Cancer I Search Ads
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
10 Harmful Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
How to Prevent a Heart Attack (Do This 3 Times a Day)
WellnessGaze Heart
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Michael Malone almost shut down Jamal Murray at halftime in Dallas. Then Murray catalyzed a comeback win: “He’s not 100% healthy.”
Hurts tosses 2 TD passes and Goedert throws 3 stiff-arms to lead Eagles past Packers 22-10
1 killed, 2 injured in string of stabbings along Denver’s 16th Street Mall
Renck: Playoff blowout to Bills shows how far away Sean Payton’s Broncos are from being contenders — botched call or not
Keeler: Sean Payton let Bo Nix, Broncos down in humbling NFL playoffs loss to Buffalo
Aaron Gordon stars off bench in return from injury, Nuggets storm back from down 19 at Mavericks
Asking Eric: Neighbors worry about unlicensed contractors next door
A celebration of women’s hockey in Colorado sets American attendance record for PWHL Takeover
Broncos defense bullied by Bills’ rushing attack in wild-card round loss: “We never had an answer”
Broncos’ Pat Surtain II on Josh Allen’s fourth-down touchdown pass: “I thought it was out”
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies Journal: Pundits predict more misery in 2025, but are there signs of hope?
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
2024
September
8
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/08/kyle-freeland-sam-hilliard-rockies-win-over-brewers/ 
 ----- 
