Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Rockies
54-90, 22-53 Away
4
Final
Brewers
82-61, 42-29 Home
1
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Freeland works 6 solid innings, Hillard and Goodman hit homers as the Rockies beat the Brewers 4-1
ByAP
Sep 8, 2024, 09:52 pm

MILWAUKEE -- — Kyle Freeland pitched one-run ball for six innings and Sam Hillard hit a three-run homer as the Colorado Rockies beat the NL Central-leading Milwaukee Brewers 4-1 on Sunday.

Freeland (5-7) allowed an unearned run on three hits and struck out four for his ninth quality start of the season. The 31-year-old left-hander improved to 5-3 in his last 13 starts since returning from a left elbow strain that landed him on the injured list on June 23rd.

“The story of the game was Freeland,” Brewers manager Pat Murphy said. “He pitched very effectively. He went in and out. Pitched on the edges. Not a lot of hard contact.”

Freeland pitched with a blister on his left pinkie.

“We were able to put something on it to guard the skin against the nail and allow some of that pressure to be alleviated,” Freeland said. “It held up all day. Felt good."

Freeland allowed a base bit to Issac Collins in the second inning and then retired the next 14 batters.

“The movement on his pitches picked up from the second inning on,” Rockies manager Bud Black said. “Kyle just steadily got better.”

Relievers Seth Halvorsen, Angel Chivilli and Angel Chivilli teamed up for three hitless innings of relief.

“It's absolutely awesome,” Freeland said of the young relievers. “They don't flinch.”

Halverson pitched a 1-2-3 seventh. Chivilli handled the eighth, and Kinley retired the side in order in the ninth, extending his career-high save total to 11 out of 12 chances.

Hunter Goodman hit a solo homer in the third inning off Milwaukee starter Freddy Peralta (10-8), tying the game.

Hillard hit a two-out, three-run homer off Hoby Milner in the fifth inning that gave Freeland a 4-1 cushion. Hillard also homered in Saturday night’s game after replacing Brenton Doyle in center in the fifth inning.

Murphy brought in the lefty Milner specifically to face the left-handed batting Hillard.

“It didn't work out,” Murphy said. Black agreed. “Sammy got him.”

Peralta gave up three runs on seven hits, walked two, struck out four and missed a chance at his first three-game winning streak this season.

“Freddy didn't have his best day, obviously,” Murphy said after his team dropped two of three games each to the Rockies and the St. Louis Cardinals.

William Contreras singled in the first, advanced on a ground out, took third on third baseman Ryan McMahon’s throwing error and scored on Rhys Hoskins’ base hit.

Collins, the 10th Brewer to make his major league debut this season, singled in the second and stole second.

Charlie Blackmon went 3 for 5 and earned his ninth three-hit game of the season. He's batting .314 with two doubles, a triple, a home run and four RBI over his last nine games.

INJURY REPORT

Rockies: Doyle missed the game with a sore left hand that he hurt Saturday while making a diving catch.

ROCKIES ROSTER MOVES

The Rockies reinstated RHP Victor Vodnik (right biceps inflammation) from the 15-day injured list and designated LHP Ty Blach (3-8, 6.94 ERA in 20 games, including 12 starts) for assignment.

BREWERS ROSTER MOVES

The Brewers selected INF/OF Issac Collins from Triple-A Nashville and optioned OF Brewer Hicklen to Nashville.

UP NEXT

Rockies: RHP Bradley Blalock (1-2, 5.40 ERA) makes his sixth start of the season on Tuesday in the opener of a three-game road series against RHP Keider Montero (4-6, 5.47 ERA) and the Detroit Tigers. Monday is an off-day.

Brewers: RHP Aaron Civale (5-8, 4.62 ERA) starts Tuesday in a three-game road series against the San Francisco Giants. Monday is an off-day.

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Game Information
American Family Field
6:10 PM, September 8, 2024
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Line: MIL -310
Over/Under: 7.5
Attendance: 42,015
Game Time:
2:27
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Roberto Ortiz
First Base Umpire - Edwin Moscoso
Second Base Umpire - Vic Carapazza
Third Base Umpire - Paul Clemons
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap/_/gameId/401570613 
 ----- 
