Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Milwaukee Brewers Pending Free Agent Hitting Historic Marks in Walk Year
Willy Adames is certainly heading for a major pay day this looming offseason.
Brady Farkas | Sep 8, 2024
Milwaukee Brewers shortstop Willy Adames (27) hits a double against the St. Louis Cardinals in the eleventh inning at American Family Field on Sept 3. / Michael McLoone-Imagn Images
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers

The Milwaukee Brewers beat the Colorado Rockies, 5-2, on Saturday in Milwaukee. With the win, the Brewers are now 82-60. They are an essential lock to win the National League Central and are still in contention for the top spot in the National League playoffs, though they are 3.0 games back of both the Philadelphia Phillies and Los Angeles Dodgers.

In the win, shortstop Willy Adames continued his incredible season by going 2-for-4 with a home run, his 30th of the season.

By hitting the 30 homer and 100-RBI mark, he's joined an incredibly rare group in National League history.

It should be noted that both Tulowitzki and Story had the fortune of playing their home games at Coors Field, and Banks is a Hall of Famer, so this is a truly special accomplishment for Adames.

The 29-year-old pending free agent is setting himself up for a massive pay day this offseason. In addition to the 30 homers and 101 RBI, he's hitting .253 with 18 stolen bases. He should be in line for a contract north of $140 million, which would put him in the same range as what Story and Javy Baez got heading into 2022.

A seven-year major league veteran with the Tampa Bay Rays and Brewers, Adames is a lifetime .248 hitter.

The Brewers are in action again on Sunday afternoon against the Rockies. First pitch is set for 2:10 p.m. ET as Kyle Freeland (COL) pitches against Freddy Peralta (MIL).

Peralta is 10-7 with a 3.75 ERA.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 8, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/milwaukee-brewers-pending-free-agent-willy-adames-hitting-historic-marks-in-walk-year-with-30-homers-100-rbi 
 ----- 
