Skip to main content
Purple Row homepage
a Colorado Rockies community
Follow Purple Row online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Purple Row main menu
FANPOSTS
SHOP
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

THIS WEEK IN PURPLE
This Week in Purple: Wake Me Up When September Ends

Colorado Rockies weekend discussion thread for September 7-8, 2024

By Samantha Bradfield@SammieB_27  Sep 7, 2024, 9:20am MDT  66 Comments / 66 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options

The weekend is a great time to kick back and reflect. This Week in Purple is the place to catch up on the news from our team at Purple Row. You’ll find links to Rockpiles and other content below as well as a platform for community discussion in the comments.

★ ★ ★

We are nearing the end of the 2024 season. The Colorado Rockies are currently in the middle of their last big road trip of the season (they have a three-game set against the Los Angeles Dodgers in two weeks) and are 2-2 so far in four games against the Atlanta Braves and Milwaukee Brewers. There have been some highlights, such as Brenton Doyle’s spectacular throw to end last night’s game:

And some lowlights, such as the Rockies being shut out for the 14th time this season against the Braves on Tuesday:

It’s been a tough season, but the end is hear.

Meanwhile, here’s what our writers have been up to this week:

To Read (Rockpiles)
Monday: Seth Halvorsen’s meteoric rise culminates in stellar big league debut | Evan Lang
Tuesday: At 66 starts in a row, Toglia is becoming 1B staple | Joelle Milholm
Wednesday: What could the 2025 starting rotation look like? | Skyler Timmins
Weekly Pebble Report: The End in Sight | Evan Lang
Thursday: Colorado’s youth movement in 2024 has been underwhelming. | Kenneth Weber
Friday: Bradley Blalock adjusts to MLB life with the Colorado Rockies | Renee Dechert
To Read (Other Features)
What’s in store for the rest of ‘24? | Mac Wilcox
To Listen
Affected by Altitude: September is Upon Us
Rooftop Mingle: Albuquerque Isotopes LHP Ryan Rolison
Weekend Discussion Topics

What are your predictions for the final road trip of the season? Sound off below!

★ ★ ★

Please keep in mind our Purple Row Community Guidelines when you’re commenting. Thanks!

MORE FROM PURPLE ROW
From the Archive: Jenny Cavnar’s TV debut highlights need for more female voices in baseball
Best of Purple Row: Either the numbers are lying or the game is rigged
Best of Purple Row: The Hall of Fame as History
Best of Purple Row: Keeping a Clean Scorecard: A Baseball Beancounter's Bible
Yes, of course Matt Holliday touched home plate in Game 163
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.purplerow.com/2024/9/7/24238297/colorado-rockies-this-week-in-purple-wake-me-up-when-september-ends 
 ----- 
