Skip To Content
JEWISH. INDEPENDENT. NONPROFIT.
Support Our Work
Search
Submit
TRUMP TRANSITION
ISRAEL AT WAR
ANTISEMITISM
REPUBLISH OUR ARTICLES
פֿאָרווערטס
FAST FORWARD
San Francisco Giants fire Jewish manager Gabe Kapler after disappointing season
Kapler won the 2021 National League Manager of the Year award after leading the Giants to a 107-win season
Copy to clipboard
Share on Facebook
Share on X
Share on Bluesky
Share on Reddit
Share on Email
Print Article

Gabe Kapler looks on from his San Francisco Giants dugout prior to the start of a game against the Colorado Rockies at Oracle Park in San Francisco, May 10, 2022. (Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)

By Jacob Gurvis
September 29, 2023

(JTA) — The San Francisco Giants have fired Jewish manager Gabe Kapler after four seasons.

Kapler joined the Giants in November 2019 and led the Giants to a 295-248 record during the 2020-2023 seasons, highlighted by a 107-win 2021 campaign that earned Kapler the National League Manager of the Year award. The team rewarded Kapler with a two-year contract extension that was set to run through 2024.

The Giants were eliminated from postseason contention this week, missing the playoffs for the second consecutive season.

Forwarding the News

Thoughtful, balanced reporting from the Forward and around the web, bringing you updated news and analysis each day.

Terms(Required)
I agree to the Forward's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Email(Required)

In addition to his 2021 accolade, Kapler’s tenure in San Francisco was punctuated by his unorthodox style both on and off the field. The 48-year-old Hollywood, California, native is a fitness geek with an active social media presence and his own blog. ESPN deemed him “the most interesting man in baseball” in May 2022. Kapler also has a Jewish tattoo on each leg: a Jewish star on his left leg and “Never Again” — a reference to the Holocaust — on his right leg.

Sharing his beliefs

On the field, Kapler in 2020 became the first MLB manager to kneel during the national anthem amid nationwide Black Lives Matter protests. In 2022, in the wake of the deadly mass shooting at an elementary school in Uvalde, Texas, Kapler announced that he would begin skipping the pregame national anthem to protest the “state of this country.” He frequently used his platform in the sport to share his political beliefs.

Kapler played for six teams during his 12-year major league career, largely as a role player and backup outfielder. After retiring in 2010, Kapler played and coached for Team Israel in the 2013 World Baseball Classic. He previously managed the Philadelphia Phillies from 2018-2019 and worked for the Los Angeles Dodgers organization.

With Kapler’s firing, San Diego Padres manager Bob Melvin becomes the league’s lone Jewish skipper.

This article originally appeared on JTA.org.

A message from our Publisher & CEO Rachel Fishman Feddersen

I hope you appreciated this article. Before you go, I’d like to ask you to please support the Forward’s award-winning, nonprofit journalism so that we can be prepared for whatever news 2025 brings.

Now more than ever, American Jews need independent news they can trust, with reporting driven by truth, not ideology. We serve you, not any ideological agenda.

At a time when other newsrooms are closing or cutting back, the Forward has removed its paywall and invested additional resources to report on the ground from Israel and around the U.S. on the impact of the war, rising antisemitism and polarized discourse.

Readers like you make it all possible. Support our work by becoming a Forward Member and connect with our journalism and your community.

—  Rachel Fishman Feddersen, Publisher and CEO

With your support, we’ll be ready for whatever 2025 brings.
$36
$500
$120
$180
OTHER AMOUNT
Dive In
MLB
FAST FORWARD
A synagogue that survived the Palisades fire has become a ‘refuge’ for many who lost their homes
FAST FORWARD
London Police ask upcoming pro-Palestinian rally to move away from synagogue
FAST FORWARD
A rabbi and his son were arrested for vandalizing a swastika mural. Are they heroes or hooligans?
FAST FORWARD
Israel’s judicial overhaul is back. So are the protests.
Explore
MOST POPULAR
1
NEWS
Scoop: Heritage Foundation plans to ‘identify and target’ Wikipedia editors
2
FAST FORWARD
Their Pacific Palisades synagogue is standing, but all three rabbis lost their homes
3
NEWS
‘Do you have the Torahs?’ Synagogue races LA wildfire to rescue its past and future
4
CULTURE
In Peter Yarrow’s legacy, an uneasy blend of Jewish values and personal transgressions
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
NEWS
LA fires won’t stop bar mitzvahs this Shabbat, as joy and pain meet
NEWS
HIAS cuts 22 staff even as it braces for Trump immigration crackdown
FAST FORWARD
A synagogue that survived the Palisades fire has become a ‘refuge’ for many who lost their homes
NEWS
When fire spread to West Hollywood, a rabbi’s mom chose to grab candlesticks
Shop the Forward Store

100% of profits support our journalism

ACCESSORY

Our founder, Ab Cahan

Tote bag
APPAREL

1960s Yiddish hipi hoodie

Premium pullover hoodie
APPAREL

It's spelled Khanike tee

Premium tee
APPAREL

The Forverts est. 1897 hoodie

Women's premium hoodie
ABOUT
CONTACT US
HELP
JOBS
MEMBERSHIP
NEWSLETTERS
REPUBLICATION GUIDELINES
STORE
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube

The Forward is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. We have removed our paywall, making all our content free for the first time in our history. Become a member and support independent Jewish journalism.

THE JEWISH DAILY FORWARD ℠

Copyright © 2025 The Forward Association, Inc. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://forward.com/fast-forward/562637/san-francisco-giants-fire-jewish-manager-gabe-kapler/ 
 ----- 
