MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Subscribe for real-time scores, breaking news, and so much more.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
MLB awards 2023: MVP and LVP, Cy Young and Cy Yuk, top rookies, managers of the year
Jayson Stark
Sep 29, 2023

341

It’s been a great year to get drenched in Baltimore by a mysterious character named Mr. Splash. It’s been just as great a year to be a leadoff man in Atlanta or L.A., putting up numbers that 30 cleanup hitters would be proud of.

It hasn’t been quite that great a year to dream of a Subway World Series in New York or a How Many Fish Tacos Can I Eat World Series in San Diego. And it’s been a really, really not-so-great year to look forward to a Mr. Trout and Mr. Ohtani Visit October series in lovely Orange County.

But as you know, you can’t predict baseball. That’s a beautiful thing, right? Nevertheless, you know what you can do in baseball? Start giving out end-of-season awards in columns like this one — columns that will inspire millions of Americans to ask:

Has that dope spent the last six months watching baseball or Australian rules football?

OK, so I suppose it’s possible you won’t come away applauding every one of these selections. But that’s never stopped me from making them anyway. And once again, I’ll be doing that even though this is one awards show that won’t be co-hosted by Jimmy Fallon, Tina Fey, Taylor Swift, Taylor Ward, Michael A. Taylor, Stephen A. Smith, Will Smith, Jada Pinkett Smith, Ozzie Smith or Dr. Oz’s crudité chef.

Which means I’ll just have to hand them out myself. The envelopes, please!

	Shohei Ohtani played only three games in September and still dominates the AL leaderboards. (Dale Zanine / USA Today)
AL MVP: Shohei Ohtani, Angels

Does a player who got one hit in September — and played none of his team’s final 25 games — really deserve an MVP trophy? I ask this question for one little nitpicky reason:

Because nobody in history has ever done that!

Even though I still think the inimitable Shohei Ohtani is the right choice, I’ve done a shocking amount of agonizing about this over the last week or so. And because I have, I can offer you plenty of historical perspective:

What’s the record for this sort of thing? Just four years ago, a dude Ohtani is familiar with — Mike Trout — won an MVP despite missing the Angels’ final 19 games. But before that, no MVP had sat out his team’s last seven games. Dick Allen was the old record-holder, for being absent in the final six games in 1972.

But does it really matter when they miss the games? This, I think, is the defining question. Ohtani has played in 135 games. And that isn’t even close to a record for fewest games played, in a non-shortened season, by an MVP who has had a season even remotely like his.

FEWEST GAMES IN A SEASON WITH 9.0+ bWAR
(Since 1931*)

GAMES
	
YEAR
	
PLAYER
	
BWAR
	
MVP?


117
	
1980
	
George Brett
	
9.4
	
Yes


130
	
2003
	
Barry Bonds
	
9.2
	
Yes


132
	
1957
	
Ted Williams
	
9.7
	
No**


135
	
2023
	
Shohei Ohtani
	
10.0
	
?


136
	
1990
	
Rickey Henderson
	
9.9
	
Yes


136
	
2018
	
Mookie Betts
	
10.7
	
Yes

(*first year of BBWAA MVP award)
(**Williams finished a close second to Mickey Mantle)
(Source: Baseball Reference / Stathead)

George Brett missed a month in June and July of 1980 with a torn ligament in his ankle, then another week and a half with a hand issue in September. But he was back for the Royals’ final 17 games, nearly hit .400 and won the AL MVP Award easily. I know that was four decades ago, but we have more recent precedents with Barry Bonds and Mookie Betts. Right?

And if not Ohtani, then who exactly? I keep asking myself that question. And I decided the next most deserving MVP candidate in this league was Corey Seager … who has already missed 43 games himself. So if the only argument against Ohtani is “games missed,” then … um … never mind!

So now that we have all that out of the way, let’s make the case for Ohtani. It’s as mind-blowing as you’d expect.

He still leads the league in … home runs (44), walks (91), total bases (325) and extra-base hits (78), not to mention on-base percentage (.412), slugging percentage (.654) and OPS (1.066) while mostly missing the entire month of September! So how many home run champs in the live-ball era (excluding the 1994 strike season) have hit none of those home runs in September? That would be two — and none in the last 49 years! (Hat tip: Kenny Jackelen of Baseball Reference)

HR CHAMPS WITH 0 HR IN SEPT. (LIVE-BALL ERA) 

YEAR
	
PLAYER
	
HR


2023
	
Shohei Ohtani
	
44


1974
	
Dick Allen
	
32


1931
	
Chuck Klein
	
31

He has a 182 OPS+! Is that good, for a guy who is also his team’s best starting pitcher to finish with an OPS 82 percent above league average? Let’s go with yes. Here’s a very incomplete list of men who have never even had one qualifying season with an OPS+ of 182 or better:

Chipper Jones
Joey Votto
Al Kaline
Wade Boggs

He has a 145 ERA+! Does that seem good, for a guy who, in his spare time, also led the league in homers? Let’s go with yes again. Here’s another very incomplete list of starting pitchers who have never had any season with an ERA+ that was at least 45 percent better than league average (and 130 innings pitched or more):

Catfish Hunter
Jack Morris
Doug Drabek
Ron Darling

Obviously, there are about 1,000 other names I could have dropped on both of those lists. But back here on 2023 earth, Shohei Ohtani — who is still just one person, as best we can tell — reached both of those levels in the same season? Sounds like MVP material to me!

MY AL MVP top 10: 1. Ohtani; 2. Seager; 3. Julio Rodríguez; 4. Marcus Semien; 5. Kyle Tucker; 6. Gunnar Henderson; 7. Yandy Díaz; 8. José Ramírez; 9. Adley Rutschman; 10. Bobby Witt Jr.

Can’t believe I ran out of room for: Luis Robert Jr., Aaron Judge, Alex Bregman, Rafael Devers, Isaac Paredes, Adolis García, Gerrit Cole, Félix Bautista.

NL MVP: Let’s talk about this!

It’s time for the usual full disclosure: I’m an official voter for the National League MVP Award this year. The voting rules don’t permit me to reveal my ballot yet. Hey, sorry to leave you in suspense, but that’s the deal.

Nevertheless, you’ll notice that doesn’t mean I’m leaving a big blank space here where my MVP pick is supposed to go. And that’s because this is one of the most interesting MVP debates ever. So why not walk through it.

But before we break down the whole Ronald Acuña Jr./Mookie Betts heavyweight MVP title bout, I want to mention this: Nobody has ever had the seasons Freddie Freeman and Matt Olson are having and finished third and fourth in the MVP voting. That should be impossible. Just not this year, when Acuña and Mookie have made it all too possible. Sorry!

Now moving right along, here comes …

The case for Acuña
	Will Ronald Acuña Jr. win his first MVP award? He has a strong case. (Brett Davis / USA Today)

There’s no better argument for winning an MVP award in any year than doing a bunch of stuff that nobody else has ever done. Can we all agree Ronald Acuña Jr. has spent the season doing that? I hope we can. But in case you’re not on board, let’s review just some of that stuff.

The whole 40/50 … 40/60 … 40/70 Club thing. I know you know this, but that doesn’t mean it isn’t worth shaking our heads over. He’s the only player ever with 40 homers and 50 steals in the same season. And also the only player ever with 40 and 60. And then Wednesday, he also became the only player ever in the 40-70 Club. I know. I know. They changed the rules. It’s easier to swipe all those bases now. And Acuña leads the league in caught stealing and times getting picked off. Still, I haven’t noticed anybody else joining those clubs. Have you?

And one more thing: Nobody else in the history of baseball has ever had a 40-homer season and a 70-steal season in their career — but Ronald Acuña Jr. just did it in the same year.

He also leads his league in hits, runs, OBP, OPS and total bases. Not pictured in those categories: Base stealing! That’s because, even when we take the running game out of the conversation, it’s hard enough to lead the league in all those other categories I just listed. Take a look at the men who have topped the NL or AL in those five departments in the same season. It’s quite a group.

MVP award era — Stan Musial 1948 NL (*won MVP), Carl Yastrzemski 1967 AL (*won MVP).

Pre-MVP era (since 1900) — Rogers Hornsby 1921-22-24 NL, Ty Cobb 1909 and 1915 AL, Nap Lajoie 1901.

But if we add base stealing back into this, it’s only Acuña and Tyrus R. Cobb. Whoa.

He’s in Chuck and Snuffy territory! You know how hard it is to be fast enough to lead your league in steals, but also powerful and durable enough to lead your league in total bases? So hard that only two players in the modern era (besides Acuña) have ever done that!

Chuck Klein, 1932
Snuffy Stirnweiss, 1945

He’s always in scoring position! What’s the job description of a player like Ronald Acuña Jr., leadoff igniter? Get himself in position to score runs, of course. So what’s an easy way to calculate how often Acuña has done that compared to other players in history? How about totaling all their extra-base hits and stolen bases. I did that!

Most SB + XBH in live-ball era
YEAR
	
PLAYER
	
SB
	
XBH
	
TOTAL


1982
	
Rickey Henderson
	
130
	
38
	
168


1974
	
Lou Brock
	
118
	
35
	
153


1986
	
Rickey Henderson
	
87
	
64
	
151


1983
	
Rickey Henderson
	
108
	
41
	
149


2023
	
Ronald Acuña Jr.
	
70
	
79
	
149

What about the 70-70 Club! By swiping that 70th base, Acuña now has also joined another barely populated group — the 70-Steal, 70-Extra-Base-Hit Club. Here come the only two other members he’ll bump into in that club room:

Ty Cobb, 1911 — 83 SB, 79 XBH
Juan Samuel, 1984 — 72 SB, 70 XBH

There’s more, of course. I haven’t even talked about Acuña’s 1.083 OPS leading off games … or his 72 times on base (and 40 runs scored) in the first inning, when the Braves have dominated the sport like no team ever has … or his incredible 146 runs scored, tied for the third-most by anybody since World War 2 … or his amazing .309 average and .821 OPS when he’s behind in the count … or his .355/.423/.639/1.061 slash line against teams that are .500 or better. … Not to mention his 150 OPS+ (or better) in every month of the season … all while cutting his strikeout rate in half (from 23.6 percent to 11.3).

So this is a man who has had a truly historic season, which has had a direct, massive impact on how his club became the best team in the sport. What. A. Year. But that doesn’t mean we should overlook …

The case for Mookie
	Will Mookie Betts add a second MVP award to his trophy case? He’s been so valuable to the Dodgers. (Kirby Lee / USA Today)

The argument for Betts doesn’t involve quite as much historic name-dropping. But the impact on his team is just as humongous as Acuña’s — in some ways even more humongous. Let’s review.

The RF-2B-SS trifecta. You don’t run across a whole lot of players multi-talented enough to divide their season this way: 76 games started in right field … 60 games started at second base … 12 games started at shortstop.

I went down a Baseball Reference rabbit hole and found just one other player in that database who A) hit 30 home runs and B) started games at all three of those positions. And it was … Felix Mantilla, for the 1964 Red Sox, because of course it was.

So I expanded the search to any outfield position. And if we eliminate guys who just landed in one of those positions for a game or two in an emergency, only one other name joins the list: Ketel Marte in 2019.

But neither Mantilla nor Marte had the offensive and defensive impact Mookie has had for the Dodgers at all of those positions. So wow.

He’s practically been their best player at all three positions. I haven’t even mentioned yet how much the Dodgers needed Betts to bounce around the field to all three of those positions. The chain reaction of Gavin Lux’s spring training injury plus Miguel Vargas’ inability to hold down second base could have created a crisis for the Dodgers —  except for one thing: Mookie Betts is superman. Turns out that’s helpful!

As Jay Jaffe pointed out in his MVP analysis at FanGraphs, you can argue that Betts has been their best option at all three positions, which is almost incomprehensible for a guy who never aspired to be Ben Zobrist.

2B — Mookie’s fWAR: 3.6 … everyone else’s fWAR at 2B: minus-0.2

SS — Mookie’s fWAR: 0.6 … everyone else’s fWAR at SS: 1.1

RF — Mookie’s fWAR: 4.1 … everyone else’s fWAR in RF: 3.1

Oh, and one more thing: Would you believe that Betts had played at least two of those positions in 59 games? Again, his ability to pull that off has allowed the Dodgers to put lots of optimal matchups in place that otherwise would not have been doable.

The 80-80 Club. We haven’t even discussed the part where Mookie is one of the most dynamic leadoff men in baseball (and yes, that includes Acuña). Betts is sitting in the uncharted leadoff territory of 80 extra-base hits and 106 RBIs. And even if we lower that RBI threshold to 80 (hence the 80-80 part), few leadoff hitters have ever entered that territory.

YEAR
	
PLAYER
	
XBH
	
RBI


2023
	
Mookie Betts
	
80
	
106


2018
	
Francisco Lindor
	
80
	
90


2017
	
Charlie Blackmon
	
86
	
103


2007
	
Jimmy Rollins
	
80
	
81


2002
	
Alfonso Soriano
	
89
	
99


1997
	
Nomar Garciaparra
	
85
	
98

Of course, Acuña (79 XBH, 105 RBIs) is probably going to wind up on this list, too — which negates some of the Mookie-for-MVP thunder. But Acuña hasn’t had to do that while bouncing around the field, either.

More leadoff wizardry. How valuable is it to have a guy who drives in 106 runs out of the leadoff hole? All we need to know is that no one else has ever done it (although, again, Acuña is right behind with 105).

What’s more game-changing than a man who leads off 12 games with a home run? Remember, only one leadoff masher in history (Soriano, with 13 in 2003) has ever hit more.

What’s the impact, on our MVP deliberations, of having a single human who is gifted enough to do all of that, while leading off and plugging himself into the middle of his team’s infield in a season where so much around him hasn’t gone right and the Dodgers needed all of that to win 98 games?

I have to fill out my ballot in three days, and I don’t know yet how I’m going to answer these questions … or vote. It’s basically a tie, with no clear tiebreaker.

I’ve had other years where I couldn’t reveal my vote in this column but you could easily tell where that vote was going. This isn’t one of those years … since I can’t even tell myself!

Names that could wind up on my NL MVP ballot*: Acuña, Betts, Freeman, Olson … plus Luis Arraez, Cody Bellinger, Corbin Carroll, William Contreras, Bryce Harper, Ha-Seong Kim, Francisco Lindor, Austin Riley, Juan Soto, Dansby Swanson, Zack Wheeler (and more).

(*in alphabetical order after the first four)

	It’s all gone wrong for Tim Anderson and the White Sox in 2023. (Brett Davis / USA Today)
AL Least Valuable Player (LVP): Tim Anderson, White Sox

The World Baseball Classic was only six months ago. Why does it feel like 60? If you think back to those days, you might recall how stoked everyone around Team USA was about Tim Anderson, a guy who was clearly using the WBC as a springboard to a monster year.

Or not.

Anderson hit .333/.381/.500 in that tournament. He graciously moved over to second base to make room for Trea (Might As Well Homer Every Day) Turner. He was full of energy. He was all about winning. And then he went back to White Sox camp and …

This LVP season happened.

The White Sox are built to feed off Anderson. It’s hard to say if he dragged them down or they dragged him down. But whatever. In a year in which the “stars” on this team — Luis Robert Jr. excluded — were the poster boys for underperformance, nobody underperformed like the local leadoff dynamo.

He has an OPS+ of (gasp) 61! And how many White Sox leadoff hitters have ever been that unproductive — nearly 40 percent below league average — in a season with more than 350 plate appearances? That would be none, according to Baseball Reference.

He’s hitting .224/.271/.265/.536 against right-handed pitching! So barring a huge final weekend, that’s going to rank, believe it or not, as the lowest OPS by any White Sox hitter in team history against right-handers. Which at least will come as fantastic news for their 1938 shortstop, Boze Berger, who hit .215/.277/.278/.554 that year, setting a “record” that has stood for 85 years.

He has a .235 on-base percentage leading off innings! Wait. Isn’t this guy supposed to be a leadoff energizer? He’s led off 148 innings this season. He’s reached base to start 44 of them. That, too, would be a franchise “record” for lowest OBP by anyone who led off that many innings in a season.

In other news … he’s piled up minus-17 Defensive Runs Saved at shortstop, which is hard to do … and produced minus-2.0 Wins Above Replacement and minus-3.7 Wins Above Average, according to Baseball Reference. And although I’m just getting started, I don’t particularly want to pile on more than I already have.

So like that team he plays for, Tim Anderson has spent this season unraveling, in what was supposed to be a pivotal season for everyone in town. Too bad, I guess, that Team Great Britain didn’t get relocated into the AL Central.

MY AL LVP “top” three: 1. Anderson; 2. Anthony Rendon; 3. A bunch of Yankees not named Aaron Judge.

	Where have you gone, Kris Bryant? (Robert Edwards / USA Today)
NL LVP: Kris Bryant, Rockies

Remember Kris Bryant? Not that invisible man wearing his uniform who plays for those 101-loss Rockies these days. Remember the Kris Bryant who used to be a star?

Remember Kris Bryant, your unanimous 2015 NL Rookie of the Year? Remember Kris Bryant, MVP of the only Cubs team to win a World Series in the last 115 seasons?

Remember Kris Bryant, the guy who fielded the final out of that 2016 World Series and started hugging everyone in the ballpark? Remember Kris Bryant, beloved co-CEO of the Bryzzo Corp., who made us smile with every fake souvenir those boys sold?

Yeah, him. Whatever happened to that guy?

After a lengthy investigation, we’ve discovered that he’s still employed as a major-league player, riding a seven-year, $182 million contract in Colorado that runs through 2028. It’s the biggest contract in Rockies franchise history, in fact. How’s that working out?

Bryant was signed to be That Star Who Made Everyone Forget Nolan Arenado. Instead, he has somehow become That Guy Who Made Everyone Forget Kris Bryant. I take no joy in that. But when I started taking NL LVP nominations, Bryant’s name started coming up, and with good reason.

One of my voters described him this way: “He actually was an MVP at one point in his life, and he has completely disappeared off the face of the earth.”

I don’t normally hand out these LVP awards to players with injury issues. And Bryant has missed lots of time this year with a heel injury and a fractured finger. But this isn’t about the time when he hasn’t played. It’s about his inconsequential impact when he has played. He has gotten 327 plate appearances this year, and it’s hard to remember any of them.

Would you believe he has 13 extra-base hits all season at Coors Field, in 171 trips to the plate? He once had 77 extra-base hits in a season (his MVP year of 2016).

Would you believe that when the games are “Late and Close,” according to Baseball Reference, he’s 3 for 40 this season, with 18 strikeouts and no extra-base hits? As recently as 2019, he had a 1.125 OPS in those same situations.

Would you believe he has hit zero home runs this season against the NL West — in 21 games? He plays baseball at Coors Field, remember.

I’ve asked scouts and execs if they have a good explanation for Bryant’s mysterious decline. I haven’t heard a single theory that adds up. Which is fitting, isn’t it? Just uttering that phrase, “Kris Bryant — LVP,” pretty much sums up one of the defining characteristics of the very weird sport of baseball: It … makes … no … sense.

MY NL LVP “top” three: 1. Bryant; 2. Pick your favorite Padres underachievers; 3. Pick your favorite Mets underachievers.

GO DEEPER

The Padres' disastrous season reveals shaky foundation and 'institutional failure'

GO DEEPER

How the $445 million Mets crashed and burned

	Gerrit Cole shakes hands with catcher Ben Rortvedt after pitching a shutout against the Blue Jays on Wednesday. (Dan Hamilton / USA Today)
AL Cy Young: Gerrit Cole, Yankees

Is Gerrit Cole the greatest pitcher of modern times to get this deep into his career without a Cy Young Award? He’s sure in the conversation. Check out this Cy-less leaderboard, for instance.

140+ Wins, ERA under 3.20, 9+ K/9 IP through age-32 season, no Cys

PITCHER
	
W-L
	
ERA
	
K/9


Gerrit Cole
	
145-75
	
3.17
	
10.42


Nolan Ryan
	
167-159
	
3.16
	
9.73

Or this one.

140+ Wins, ERA under 3.20, .650+ win percentage through age-32 season, no Cys

PITCHER
	
W-L
	
ERA
	
WIN PCT


Gerrit Cole
	
145-75
	
3.17
	
.659


Juan Marichal
	
197-96
	
2.71
	
.672

(Source: Baseball Reference / Stathead)

Cole also has two top-two Cy Young finishes — which is two more than Juan Marichal and one more than Nolan Ryan at this age — and five top-five finishes, which is five more than Marichal and two more than Ryan. But now that we’ve gotten all that out of the way …

Never mind!

Because unless Cole pitches in relief this weekend and gives up like 18 runs in two-thirds of an inning, he’s going to end that little Cy Young drought before he sits down to Thanksgiving dinner. And why do I think there are going to be more of these trophies in his den by the time his contract runs out in, what is it, 2046? (OK, it’s 2029.)

But unlike those years when Cole barely lost out to Justin Verlander (2019) and Robbie Ray (2021) for this award, the more I looked at the race this year, the more I concluded it isn’t even close.

I’m always looking for a combo platter of volume and dominance in my Cy Youngs, and Cole checks every box. He’s allowed the lowest opponent OPS in the league, compiled the best ERA in the league and done that while pitching the most innings in the league. But there’s also this:

Record versus current playoff teams — 8-0

Dominance of opposing cleanup hitters — .167, 1 HR

Dominance of opposing leadoff hitters — .198, .281 OBP, five runs scored all season

There’s lots more brilliance. But no need to bombard you with any more numbers. Who else in the AL has done what Gerrit Cole has? That would be nobody.

GO DEEPER

Gerrit Cole, likely next to reach 200 wins, on the milestone and shifting standards of greatness

My AL Cy Young top five: 1. Cole; 2. Kevin Gausman; 3. Sonny Gray; 4. Luis Castillo; 5. Kyle Bradish.

Can’t believe I ran out of room for: Pablo López, Framber Valdez, Zach Eflin, George Kirby, Chris Bassitt, Shohei Ohtani, Félix Bautista.

	Blake Snell’s last 23 starts likely sealed the win for him. But … (Orlando Ramirez / USA Today)
NL Cy Young: Blake Snell, Padres

If you’ve spent any time looking at the ERA leaderboard lately, I bet you think Blake Snell is the easiest Cy Young Award decision since Bob Gibson. Well, if you do, you don’t think like I think.

I think Snell’s historic second half and huge lead in ERA make him the obvious pick. But does that mean he’s the right pick? That part is more nuanced than you might expect. Here’s why.

How much should we care about volume? I care quite a bit, actually, especially in an era where it’s in such minuscule supply. So how much should this matter?

Logan Webb — 216 innings, 850 batters faced
Blake Snell — 180 innings, 742 batters faced

Those extra 36 innings — and 108 batters faced — provided so much extra value to Webb’s team, I can’t get them out of my head.

How much should we care about pitching deep into games? I can name 30 managers who care about length. So what should we make of this?

Beyond the 6th inning
PITCHER
	
BATTERS FACED AFTER 6TH
	
TIMES INTO 7TH


Logan Webb
	
109
	
21 games


Zac Gallen
	
60
	
15 games


Spencer Strider
	
52
	
14 games


Corbin Burnes
	
45
	
9 games


Zack Wheeler
	
42
	
10 games


Blake Snell
	
11
	
3 games

How much should we care about swing/miss domination? Spencer Strider may not have been as consistently great as Snell. But the two of them have pitched roughly the same number of innings … and Strider has piled up 40 more strikeouts.

So Strider beats Snell in strikeout rate, WHIP and FIP … yet has an ERA a run and a half higher. That’s just bizarre. As someone who normally places heavy weight on WHIP and K rates, I wasn’t sure what to do about that, either.

PITCHER
	
K/9
	
WHIP
	
FIP
	
ERA


Spencer Strider
	
13.57
	
1.07
	
2.87
	
3.81


Blake Snell
	
11.70
	
1.19
	
3.44
	
2.25

How much should we care about strike-throwing? Is it cool to vote for the pitcher who has walked the most hitters in baseball for the Cy Young Award? That’s a weird concept, but if you vote for Snell, you’re doing that, since he somehow leads the major leagues in ERA and walks.

It has been more than 60 years since any pitcher won a Cy Young and also led the whole sport in walks in the same season. But I guess it helps that at least it has happened.

CY YOUNG WINNER
	
YEAR
	
BB


Early Wynn
	
1959
	
119


Bob Turley
	
1958
	
128

So those are four significant reasons to look at Snell and ask: Are we sure he’s the Cy Young? And I looked long and hard at all of them. So why, in the end, did I conclude he still leads this pack? Because history matters.

I’ve been a voter on these awards for a long time. And when in doubt, here’s my rule of thumb: Always land on the side of history. So it’s a good thing Snell made so much of it.

Snell’s last 23 starts: 13-3, 1.20 ERA, 19 runs allowed, .156 opp. AVG

And that’s just ridiculous. It’s the fewest runs allowed over any span of 23 starts, within a single season, in the past 100 years. In fact, there’s only one streak we could dig up that’s even in the argument. And it means we actually have to compare …

Bob Gibson 1968 versus Blake Snell 2023

What’s the greatest pitching season of modern times? Here’s a vote for Bob Gibson, 1968. So let’s do this. Let’s stack up Gibson’s most dominating 23 starts that year with Snell’s final 23 starts of this season.

PITCHER
	
R
	
ER
	
ERA
	
OPP AVG
	
OPP OPS
	
K/9


Snell
	
19
	
18
	
1.20
	
.156
	
.489
	
12.4


Gibson
	
23
	
20
	
0.85
	
.175
	
.436
	
7.4

All right, all right. So there was a slight volume difference! Gibson threw 76 2/3 more innings (211 2/3) over his 23 starts than Snell (135) did — more than three extra innings per start. So obviously, these two streaks are not the same. However …

My point is, history matters. So I’m picking the man who still did something that no other starting pitcher has ever done — not to mention the man who leads his league in ERA, opponent average, opponent OPS and Win Probability Added. It just wasn’t as clear cut as it looked!

My NL Cy Young top five: 1. Snell; 2. Webb; 3. Strider; 4. Zac Gallen; 5. Justin Steele.

Can’t believe I ran out of room for: Zack Wheeler, Kodai Senga, Corbin Burnes, Merrill Kelly, Devin Williams.

GO DEEPER

Giants should be embarrassed after wasting Logan Webb's tremendous season

	Jordan Lyles lost his first 11 decisions. Zack Greinke lost his last 11 decisions. (Matt Marton / USA Today)
AL Cy Yuk: Jordan Lyles/Zack Greinke, Royals*

(*special tag-team honor)

I was running through my Cy Yuk options with a friend this week when I mentioned Zack Greinke. I think the word to describe him at that moment was “aghast.”

“You can’t give a Cy Yuk award to Zack Greinke,” he said. “That’s just wrong.”

You know what? He’s right about that. I would never single out a guy like that for Cy Yuk infamy. That would be wrong. So wrong.

But can I make him part of a special AL Cy Yuk tag-team production? I think I can! In fact, I just did.

In their search last winter for veteran stability for their rotation, the Royals brought back Greinke for one more go-round — and also signed Jordan Lyles as a free agent. They’re the two highest-paid players on the Kansas City roster who are not named Salvy Perez, making $8.5 million apiece this season.

So, um, is stability what they got? Well, not exactly. This is what they got from the Lyles and Greinke Show:

Combined record: 6-32
Combined ERA: 5.77
Combined record in games they started: 13-43
Combined opponent OPS: .798

Whoa. You should know that most of that damage has come against Lyles (5-17, 6.24 ERA) — whose homer-to-wins ratio of 38 to five would be unprecedented in the history of the sport. But we’re not here to dig into those messy Jordan Lyles tidbits. We’re here to tell you where a duo like this ranks in the annals of baseball.

Did you know … that only three teams in history have had two pitchers (or more) on their staff who had a season like these two guys have had — an ERA over 5.00, no more than five wins and at least 15 losses apiece? Here they are:

The 1899 Cleveland Spiders — The legends that were those 1899 Spiders — they went a sparkling 20-134 that year — set a standard that will never be matched. They had four starters who qualified for this list:

Coldwater Jim Hughey: 4-30, 5.41
Charlie Knepper: 4-22, 5.78
Frank Bates: 1-18, 7.24
Crazy Schmit: 2-17, 5.86

The 1928 Phillies — This team should file an appeal over having to pitch at the ridiculous Baker Bowl, where opposing hitters hit .330 that season. But whatever. Those Phillies had two pitchers who made this cut:

Jimmy Ring: 4-17, 6.44
Les Sweetland: 3-15, 6.58

The 2005 Royals — This was the losingest Royals team of all time (56-106), a standard this year’s team (54-105) could still match or beat. The ’05 club had two pitchers who qualified in this category. And let’s just say one of them will look familiar.

José Lima: 5-16, 6.99
Zack Greinke: 5-17, 5.80

So what a poetic way to connect the dots. Greinke went on, after that rough summer (at age 21), to have a career that could lead him to Cooperstown. I’m sure he never expected to have that career end in Cy Yukkery, even if it’s shared Cy Yukkery. But hey, baseball is funny like that.

My AL Cy Yuk “top” three: 1. Lyles/Greinke; 2. Alek Manoah; 3. Luis Severino/Carlos Rodón.

	Noah Syndergaard, aka Thor, has lost his powers. (Jayne Kamin-Oncea / USA Today)
NL Cy Yuk: Noah Syndergaard, Dodgers

(*includes special interleague bonus points for work in Cleveland)

The Dodgers are miracle workers. I expect them to be able to fix anybody. Seriously. If I saw a line in the transactions column that went: DODGERS – signed Ramon Troncoso as a free agent, I’d expect him to save 30 games next year, with a 1.18 ERA.

But you know who their miracle-working machinery couldn’t mend this year? Noah Syndergaard was That Guy.

Once upon a time, this dude had the scariest stuff in the game, and had a swagger about him that said: You think this is scary? Wait till you see my 104 mph changeup! But that Noah Syndergaard didn’t show up in Dodgers Land this year. Instead, they got a not-so-scary dude who did this — and for $13 million, by the way:

12 starts
1 win
7.16 ERA
.313/.350/.551/.900 opponent slash line
20 SB, 1 caught stealing

So that went well. He was just the third Dodgers starter, since the team moved to L.A., to make that many starts and allow a .900 opponent OPS (or higher). He was the first Dodgers starter since 1900 to start that many times, win just one game (or none) and have an ERA north of 7.00.

So you know what’s especially amazing? That the Dodgers were actually able to trade him to Cleveland at the deadline, in a change-of-scenery special, and get a semi-useful player (Amed Rosario) in return. The Guardians, on the other hand, got six starts out of Syndergaard (1-2, 5.40, with 10 homers served up — one every 3 1/3 innings) and said, That’ll be enough!

When we pick these Cy Yuk “winners,” so much of it comes down to what’s expected, compared with what’s delivered. So maybe I remember the old Noah Syndergaard all too well. Maybe I expect too much of everyone the Dodgers run through the old pitching lab. But what, in the end, was delivered? That’s the question. And the answer was: A season of vintage Cy Yukkery!

My NL Cy Yuk “top” three: 1. Syndergaard; 2. Pre-elbow-throb edition of Sandy Alcantara; 3. Jack Flaherty.

	After a slow start, Gunnar Henderson has been one of the best players in baseball since May 30. (Reggie Hildred / USA Today)
AL Rookie of the Year: Gunnar Henderson, Orioles

The baseball predictions business is a horrible gig. I don’t recommend it. You can count on, like, 98 percent of your predictions to go either A) wrong or B) disastrously wrong. But an astounding thing happened in my world last spring:

I’m pretty sure I correctly predicted both rookies of the year. I know that’ll never happen again. But whatever.

I saw Gunnar Henderson four times last spring. He did something eye-popping, on either side of the ball or both, in all four games. So naturally, 54 games into his season, he was still hitting below the Mendoza Line, because that’s how all my predictions tend to go.

But since then … wow.

Since May 30, according to FanGraphs, Henderson ranks fifth in the American League in fWAR (3.9), third in hard-hit percentage (53.1), third in extra-base hits (52), fourth in runs scored (72), sixth in home runs (23) and first in triples (seven).

He’s also one of only two players (along with Marcus Semien) who make the AL leaderboard in both Offensive WAR and Defensive WAR … which Henderson does while playing multiple positions (third and short), no less.

Finally, how about this cool list — of all rookies since 1936 with as many doubles, triples and homers as Gunnar Henderson, plus an OPS as good as his (.818):

Joe DiMaggio, 1936
Ted Williams, 1939
Dick Allen, 1964
Tony Oliva, 1964
Nomar Garciaparra, 1997

(Source: Baseball Reference / Stathead)

In other words, you’re not just looking at a Rookie of the Year. You’re looking at a star.

My AL Rookie of the Year top five: 1. Henderson; 2. Tanner Bibee; 3. Triston Casas; 4. Josh Jung; 5. Yennier Cano.

	Corbin Carroll made the All-Star team and put up historic stat lines in his rookie season. (Kirby Lee / USA Today)
NL Rookie of the Year: Corbin Carroll, Diamondbacks

I don’t know how anyone is going to be able to fill out an official 2023 National League Rookie of the Year ballot and list just three names. Good luck figuring out which three — from the deepest class of impact rookies I can remember in any league in the same season.

But there’s no doubt who belongs on the top line of all those ballots. Corbin Carroll is special. His sweet swing, his sprinter’s wheels and his always-humming motor stand out when you watch the Diamondbacks.

It would have made him a legit MVP candidate in a season in which Acuña, Betts, Freeman and Olson forgot to play baseball. But at the very least, it has produced a Rookie of the Year season that separates itself from the pack — not just this year.

First, here are all the rookies in the live-ball era with at least 50 stolen bases and a 120 OPS+ or better:

PLAYER
	
YEAR
	
 SB 
	
OPS+


Tim Raines
	
1981 
	
71 
	
135


Corbin Carroll 
	
2023
	
52
	
135


Ichiro Suzuki
	
2001 
	
56
	
126

Or suppose we do it this way: Here are all the rookies in the live-ball era with at least 50 stolen bases and at least 5.0 WAR, according to Baseball Reference:

PLAYER 
	
YEAR
	
 SB 
	
WAR


Ichiro Suzuki
	
2001
	
56
	
7.7


Kenny Lofton
	
1992
	
66 
	
6.6


Corbin Carroll
	
2023
	
52
	
5.4

Or how about we not even consider all those stolen bases? What if we just look at every rookie since the 1930s with as many doubles (29), triples (10) and homers (25) as Carroll, along with an OPS+ as good as his? If we do, you know what we get? Exactly the same group as in that Gunnar Henderson list — except we’re removing DiMaggio and adding Hal Trosky, 1934.

But if you then take that group and add those 52 steals? You get a list that includes precisely one player: Corbin Carroll. That’s because he’s the only player ever — rookie, veteran, whatever — to put up at least 50 steals, 25 homers and 10 triples in any season. And this guy did it in his age-22 season.

So he’s the easy part of this Rookie of the Year ballot. Feel free to tell me in the comments that I left off the best rookie in this league not named Corbin Carroll — because the odds are, I probably did!

My NL Rookie of the Year top five: 1. Carroll; 2. James Outman; 3. Kodai Senga; 4. Spencer Steer; 5. Francisco Álvarez.

	Brandon Hyde toasts his team after it clinched the division and won its 100th game. (Tommy Gilligan / USA Today)
AL Manager of the Year: Brandon Hyde, Orioles

Let’s do our annual review of how we astute writers pick Manager of the Year winners:

ASTUTE WRITER: “Let’s see now. What playoff team was I most wrong about this year?”

BASEBALL GODS: “How ‘bout the Orioles. Did you see THAT team making the playoffs?”

ASTUTE WRITER: “Nope. Never saw that coming. So THAT guy deserves my heartfelt Manager of the Year vote.”

That’s how it works, all right. Pretty much every year. So that explains at least one reason I’m making Brandon Hyde my AL Manager of the Year pick. This spring, I thought the Orioles’ October ETA was 2024. Instead, they’ve done something no Cal Ripken Jr. Orioles team ever did — win 100 games. That’s managing!

But when it came time to write this column, I was really close to going with Kevin Cash, whose Rays team was hit with injuries and a succession of other assorted haymakers. And then there’s Bruce Bochy, who somehow never won a Manager of the Year award with the Giants but who might deserve one this year for finding a way to bring the Rangers back from the dead in September.

Trying to sort that out took up several days of my theoretically valuable column-writing time this week. But the more I thought about it, the more I circled back to Brandon Hyde.

His team has outperformed its expected won-lost record by seven games — more than any team in the AL. That always reflects on the manager.

His team has 48 comeback wins, tied for the most in the history of the franchise. It has gone 90 series in a row without getting swept, the longest streak in the history of the AL.

His team has the best road record, the best division record and the best record against winning teams of any team in its league. And it has done all that with a roster that has a lower payroll ($65.8 million) than the money the Yankees are paying just to their starting rotation.

The Orioles don’t have a top-three offense in the AL or a top-three pitching staff. There are all sorts of underlying metrics that say they shouldn’t be this good. So how do we explain why all they do is keep high-fiving every night?

It’s about more than all their rising stars. It begins with Hyde, a master of preparation, culture-building and belief, who was as ready for this moment as his players were.

“One thing that sticks out to me,” Orioles general manager Mike Elias said of his manager, “was, he was fully prepared for this job, which is so hard and multifaceted: Minor-league player. Minor-league coach. Rover. Manager. Field coordinator. Then (the) front office. Farm director. Major-league coach. Bench coach (in Chicago) for Joe Maddon. Huge rebuild into championship. It’s all there.

“So nothing was much of a surprise, and he always had perspective. It has been a well-earned ascent for him, and he prepared all the right ways.”

And now, I think he’s going to wind up with a Manager of the Year trophy to show for it.

My AL Manager of the Year top three: 1. Hyde; 2. Cash; 3. Bochy.

	Is this Dave Roberts’ best season at the helm for the Dodgers? (Kirby Lee / USA Today)
NL Manager of the Year: Dave Roberts, Dodgers

Finally, here’s one other observation I’d like to make about picking managers of the year: It’s impossible!

I write these columns every year. I’ve voted for this award many times. And I always have three, four, even five managers I could easily talk myself into, before I usually revert to the default What team was I most wrong about foolproof formula.

Well, not this year. Not in the National League anyway.

If I used that formula, I’d give this award to Skip Schumaker in Miami or Torey Lovullo in Arizona. And if I was doing that right here in this paragraph, I wouldn’t be wrong.

David Bell’s Reds are ahead of schedule, too. He’d be a great choice. David Ross kept the Cubs thinking big even when they were 10 games under .500 in June. So he was on my list, too.

But this time, I dared to break with the way so many of us usually think about this stuff — and came down to two men whose teams are always good: Craig Counsell (Brewers) and Dave Roberts (Dodgers). If the tiebreaker was Best Manager Who Has Somehow Never Won This Award, I’d have gone with Counsell, who has worked his usual magic (and then some) this season and won his division with one of the worst offensive teams in baseball.

Except, in the end, I didn’t pick him, either. That’s because I kept looking at the standings and asking: How the heck are the Dodgers on the verge of winning 100 games with this team, in this season?

Think about it: They let Trea Turner, Justin Turner, Cody Bellinger, Craig Kimbrel, Tyler Anderson and a dozen other free agents walk away last winter. They’ve lost basically their entire starting rotation to injuries or off-the-field issues.

They’ve had to point 12 rookie pitchers to the mound, the second-most in any season since they moved to Los Angeles. They’ve used 10 different second basemen, nine left fielders, seven center fielders, seven right fielders and nine different players somewhere on the left side of their infield.

And they’re still on track to win 100 games? That’s just miraculous. But so much of it, said their president of baseball operations, Andrew Friedman, has to do with what might be Dave Roberts’ “finest work to date” managing this team.

“His steady hand and relentless optimism has been the perfect balance, as we have had to navigate this season from an injury standpoint,” Friedman said. “He has led the group and helped to instill a culture that has provided confidence in our rookies, while empowering the veterans to shape a winning environment on the field and in the clubhouse.”

And that, friends, is what managers of the year do — even on teams like the mighty Chavez Ravine Dodgers.

My NL Manager of the Year top three: 1. Roberts; 2. Counsell; 3. Lovullo.

GO DEEPER

Betts or Acuña for NL MVP? Who should win the Cy Young? Our experts weigh in

GO DEEPER

Bowden: My early award predictions for MVP, Cy Young, Rookie of the Year and more

(Top image: John Bradford / The Athletic; Photos: Getty; Harry How, Kevin D. Liles / Atlanta Braves)

Jayson Stark is the 2019 winner of the BBWAA Career Excellence Award for which he was honored at the Baseball Hall of Fame. Jayson has covered baseball for more than 30 years. He spent 17 of those years at ESPN and ESPN.com, and, since 2018, has chronicled baseball at The Athletic and MLB Network. He is the author of three books on baseball, has won an Emmy for his work on "Baseball Tonight," has been inducted into the Philadelphia Sports Hall of Fame and is a two-time winner of the Pennsylvania Sportswriter of the Year award. In 2017, Topps issued an actual Jayson Stark baseball card. Follow Jayson on Twitter @jaysonst

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4911322/2023/09/29/mlb-awards-2023-mvp-cy-young-rookies/ 
 ----- 
