Skip to content
  
Home
NBA
NFL
MLB
UFC
oh la la
NFL Fantasy
NBA Fantasy
MLB Fantasy
Odds
Futures
Props
PGA
College Football
College Basketball
NHL
After The Miscarriage, WWE Star, Carmella Got Pregnant Again And Shared Her Journey
Posted on September 28, 2023 by Alexa Connes

It has been “cathartic and rewarding” for WWE diva Carmella to share her pregnant journey.

After suffering two traumatic miscarriages last year, Carmella, whose true name is Leah Van Dale, said in May that she and her husband, former wrestler and current WWE announcer Corey Graves, were expecting a boy this fall.

Van Dale claimed that after looking back on this period of her life, she has discovered “just how strong” she truly is.

“I think that’s something that, until you get pushed to the limit and your boundaries are tested, you’re put in these situations, you don’t realize how strong you actually are,” The Post was just informed by Van Dale.

“The admiration I have for our bodies in general, it’s just so wild to see all of the changes and to know that even though I had gone through a few miscarriages and my body had gone through that, it’s still able to carry a child and go through this amazing experience.

“We’re just so resilient and I’m just in awe of the female body.”

In October 2022, Van Dale, a former women’s tag-team champion and SmackDown women’s champion, disclosed that she had experienced an ectopic pregnancy. According to the Mayo Clinic, this happens when a fertilized egg attaches itself outside the uterus, maybe inside a fallopian tube.

Van Dale stated in a message that was published at the time on Instagram that she “never thought something like this would happen to me, especially after suffering from an early miscarriage in September [2022].”

Van Dale was impelled to tell her experience, and she was met with a sea of support.

“I felt like I need to share this story because I’m not the same person after going through this, and being able to talk about it, and share it and have other women reach out and say, ‘Hey, this actually happened to me,’ and made me feel like I wasn’t alone, so it works both ways,” she said.

“I’m very grateful to have made the connections that I’ve made with these women.”

Van Dale, who has been married to Graves (real name Matt Polinsky) since April 2022 and is a stepmother to his three kids, is soaking up all the self-care and paying attention to what her body needs as the conclusion of her pregnancy draws closer.

“Being able to be away from WWE right now in this time — obviously, I can’t work, I can’t wrestle — it’s afforded me the opportunity to be so present in everyday life and just acknowledge what my body is going through and be in it,” she said.

Van Dale hopes to maintain this condition of being until the couple’s child is born.

“You only have a newborn for such a short period of time and then time goes by, you don’t get that back so I really just want to soak in every minute,” she said.

Van Dale is “not putting any pressure” on herself, despite the fact that a return to the WWE is “for sure on [her] radar.”

“Obviously my job is very physical so I want to make sure I’m very, very prepared and ready, not only physically but mentally,” she said.

“I definitely want to go back, it’s for sure, for sure on my radar, it’s just a matter of when.”

More News
Milwaukee Bucks’ Billionaire Heiress & Aaron Rodgers’ Alleged Flame Mallory Edens Gives Her Flowers to Damian Lillard Trade
Will Brittany Mahomes And Taylor Swift Become NFL WAGs’ Best Friends? Rumors Say They Had Fun Time Post-Match
 
THE ULTIMATE MOBILE SPORTS EXPERIENCE

All team logos are the copyright of their respective teams and Yebscore LLC does not in any way claim to own them.

YebScore LLC
Private Policy
Terms
Contact us.
Follow Us
 
 

© copyright 2022 | Yebscore

We use cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to visit this site you agree to our use of cookies.
Got it!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://yebscore.com/news/after-the-miscarriage-wwe-star-carmella-got-pregnant-again-and-shared-her-journey/ 
 ----- 
