Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Portland Trail Blazers
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
MEDIA
BlazerVision
Impact
Rip City
Shop
Sharpe, Williams Return To The Court As The Blazers Return Home From A Four-Game Trip
Casey Holdahl
November 9, 202412:47 AM PST

The Portland Trail Blazers only managed to secure one win — a 118-100 victory versus the Pelicans in New Orleans Monday night — over the course of a now-completed four-game road trip, though they had other reasons to be optimistic during the week-long sojourn. 

After extended absences due to injuries, both Shaedon Sharpe and Robert Williams III made their respective returns to the court during the Trail Blazers’ tour the last week through Phoenix, New Orleans, San Antonio and Minneapolis. 

Sharpe, who has been out since January due to undergoing a core muscle surgery that ended his 2023-24 season and a small labral tear in his left shoulder that forced him to sit out the first few weeks of the 2024-25 season, made his return in Portland’s 118-105 loss to the Spurs on Thursday. The 6-6 guard entering his third season played 20 minutes in his first game, posting 13 points on 6-of-9 shooting from the field, two rebounds, an assist and a block. 

“It felt pretty good,” said Sharpe. “Before the game, had a little nerves and was excited but my whole goal was to come in and help my teammates. Just try to come in, get them involved and compete at the highest level.”

Whether it was due to nearly returning for a few games last season after the core muscle surgery or that the tear in his shoulder was minor, Sharpe did not look the part of a player who hadn’t seen the floor in over nine months. He completed multiple athletic finishes at the rim, found Toumani Camara with a nifty pass between two defenders for an easy layup and made a baby hook over the long-armed Victor Wembanyama, so if nerves, fatigue or both were an issue, he did an excellent job of hiding it. 

Play Video
Shaedon Sharpe's Road to Recovery | Portland Trail Blazers
2mo
00:01:55

“I thought Shaedon played really well,” said Trail Blazers head coach Chauncey Billups. “It looked very normal to him. I was worried that he would be a little antsy and kind of do some things because he was just getting back that would be uncharacteristic to him, but he never did that. He looked great.” 

And he apparently had no lingering issues, as he played in the next game, a 127-102 loss to the Timberwolves Friday night in the second night of a back-to-back. He posted just six points on 2-of-8 shooting, two rebounds and two assists in 21 minutes, but the fact he played at all in the second game of back-to-back games would seem to indicate he’ll be ready to take on more minutes in the near future. 

Then there’s Williams, who played in his first game Friday night in over a full year after having his 2023-24 season ended after just six games due to a knee injury that would eventually require surgery. The 6-9 center in his seventh season out Texas A&M was cleared to play in Monday’s game versus the Pelicans and Thursday’s game versus the Spurs, though he didn’t get his first minutes of the season until Friday’s game in Minneapolis. 

And much like the case with Sharpe in his debut, Williams looked like Portland’s best player versus the Timberwolves, having an immediate impact while eventually finishing the game with 13 points of 4-of-5 shooting from the field and 4-of-4 shooting from the line, three rebounds, two assists, two steals and a block in just 17 minutes. 

“I felt good, man,” said Williams. “Just kind of down, you know, trying to get the defensive spirit back with the team, you know, be that leader. Obviously, we wanted to come out with a win, we didn't. But obviously it feels great to be back on the court.”

There currently aren’t many minutes available at the center position with Deandre Ayton and Donovan Clingan already in the rotation, so Williams played some of his minutes at power forward Friday night. And since fours in the NBA are often asked to space the floor, Williams found himself open for a corner three, which he made, a first in his NBA career. 

Play Video

“I’ve been working on it,” said Williams of his outside shot. “The position I was putting in today, I was putting a little bit of the four spacing. They left me open, Coach was telling me I was going to have to take one or two of them, made the first one in my career tonight.”

Williams will likely be on a minutes restriction and it’s very possible he doesn’t play both games of back-to-backs, but he sure did not look like a player Friday night who hadn’t seen an NBA court in more than 365 days.

“You guys have heard me talk about how much I'm excited to coach Rob and have Rob available,” said Billups. “Now you all got a chance to see why we all love Rob. Defensively, he's all over the place. He's vocal, he's talking, his activity, rebounds, blocks shots, he kind of does it all, he's got a knack for it. And then on the other end you never look at him as a three-point threat, but he stepped up and knocked that one down.

“But it's more about the energy he gives the team on the offensive end.You throw it to him, he's throwing it right back in the next action play. Or he's swinging it to the other side of the floor, running the second screen. He actually sets real screens. He sets hard screens and I think our guards really appreciated that part.”

With both Sharpe and Williams back in the rotation, Billups now has a good problem: how to find minutes for both players. The Trail Blazers don’t have too many two-guards on the roster, so getting Sharpe back into the rotation is probably easier than finding minutes for Williams, though if their first games back are any indication, both will be deserving of larger roles in the near future. 

“It’s good to get those guys back,” said Billups. "It's always tough when you get new guys back that will be in your rotation for the most part. It throws off your rotation, so our rotation the last couple games have been… it's been a little wonky. Just trying to get guys in there and you want to get them in and there's also minutes restrictions. There's all kind of things that you have to deal with that make it tough to kind of get a rhythm. But it is good, it's obviously really good to have Shane and Robert back.

“Hopefully we can keep everybody healthy and then we can try to start finding what the real rotation will look like.”

Tags
forward center
ForwardCenter
news
Robert Williams
Shaedon Sharpe
DEANDRE AYTON
ROBERT WILLIAMS III
SHAEDON SHARPE
TOUMANI CAMARA
DONOVAN CLINGAN
Related Articles
Sharpe, Williams Return To The Court As The Blazers Return Home From A Four-Game Trip
Portland Trail Blazers Host Second Annual Celebration of Native American Heritage Night
Portland Trail Blazers Expand Rip City Reuse Program
Dalano The Closer, Shaedon's Return And An Interview With Robert Williams On The Brief Case, Episode 117
First-Half Defense And Another Big Banton Fourth Lifts Blazers To Win In New Orleans
TICKETS
Ticket Central
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium 365
Groups
Account Manager
FANS
Mobile App
Connect With Us
Audio
Code of Conduct
CONTACT
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
ARENA
Rose Quarter
Moda Center
FAQ
Directions
Accessibility
Parking
Dr. Jack's
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/blazers/news/sharpe-williams-return-to-the-court-as-the-blazers-return-home-from-a-four-game-trip?srsltid=AfmBOoqo7HdbMEAo6-B-o1ZlViPFpT74gAnU2xjg14UvpbVKefVMLCp0 
 ----- 
