Open sidebar
Home
Basketball
Derrick Rose Believed in Himself When No One Did: Joakim Noah on Historic MVP Campaign

Sameen Nawathe
PublishedNov 03, 2024

Follow Us

Dec 23, 2014; Washington, DC, USA; Chicago Bulls guard Derrick Rose (1) celebrates with Bulls center Joakim Noah (13) against the Washington Wizards in the fourth quarter at Verizon Center. The Bulls won 99-91. Mandatory Credit: Geoff Burke-Imagn Images

Injuries may have derailed Derrick Rose’s bid to become a Hall of Famer, but his refusal to give up on his career earned him the admiration of almost every NBA fan. He managed to carve out a 16-year career through sheer defiance and self-belief, traits that Joakim Noah saw in him when he was a young and promising player on the Bulls.

Advertisement

On the Young Man and the Three podcast, social media personality Kenny Beecham asked the retired center what made Rose’s historic MVP campaign in the 2010-11 season special. He responded that his faith in his ability despite being ridiculed stood out the most to him. Noah said,

“When I think of Derrick, I think about before he got the MVP, and its media day, and he says ‘Why can’t I be mvp’, and what I think about is the laughing in the background from all the journalists. Nobody believed he could be the youngest MVP ever. He called it, and it just shows, his belief in himself.”

Rose’s self-belief rubbed off on his teammates. The Bulls went on to win 62 games in the regular season, their first campaign with 60+ wins since the 1997-98 season. The guard became the third player since the 1972-73 season to record 2000 points and 600 assists in a single season and was named the league MVP. He usurped Wes Unseld’s record and became the youngest winner of the award at 22 years and six months.

Rose’s historic 2011 season

He managed to record his first-ever career triple-double in a win over the Grizzlies in January. He had  22 points, 10 rebounds, and 12 assists in a 96–84 win. Not only was Rose putting up otherworldly numbers, but he also made his teammates better. In a win over the Trail Blazers, he registered 13 assists, helping Luol Deng record a career-high 40 points.

He also helped the Bulls beat the Lakers for the first time in five years with a stellar display where he finished with 29 points and nine assists. Rose scored a career-high 42 points against the Spurs, who had the best record in the league. The guard was so unstoppable towards the business end of the regular season that the Bulls only lost twice in their last 23 games.

Rose was expected to continue his ascension and become the ‘new Michael Jordan,’ but an ACL tear in the 2012 playoffs derailed his entire career and he became one of the biggest ‘What Ifs’ in NBA history.

Derrick RoseJoakim Noah

About the author

Sameen Nawathe

Sameen Nawathe is an NBA Editor at The SportsRush. Drawing from his extensive background in editing his university publications, Sameen brings a distinguished level of professionalism and editorial acumen to his position. With over a decade of practical sporting knowledge, he adeptly curates a spectrum of content, ranging from foundational sports highlights to insightful analysis of potential NBA trades. Sameen's passion for basketball ignited with LeBron James, whom he credits for sparking his love for the game. He fondly reminisces about James' 2018 season, which he often describes as "the best display of pure hoops we've ever seen". When he's not immersed in the world of writing or playing basketball, Sameen can be found enjoying Taylor Swift's music or passionately supporting Manchester United during soccer matches. Join him as he delves into the dynamic and captivating realm of the NBA.

Read More

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Terrence Jordan • Dec 17, 2024

“Derrick Rose is a Hall of Famer”: Joakim Noah Wants Former Teammate to Get the Respect He Deserves

Aakash Nair • Nov 26, 2024

Chandler Parsons Doesn’t Believe Derrick Rose Is a Hall of Famer for a Specific Reason

Dylan Edenfield • Dec 21, 2024

“Gonna Be Running the League”: Former NBA Big Puts a Timeline on Victor Wembanyama’s Ascension to ‘Face of the NBA’

Dylan Edenfield • Dec 18, 2024

Joakim Noah Shares Stunning Admission About Making Millions: “It Was the Most Sad I Was”

Dylan Edenfield • Dec 18, 2024

“You’ll Never Make It to the NBA”: Joakim Noah Lauds Chandler Parsons for Proving Billy Donovan Wrong with 10-Year Career

Headlines

Basketball

‘Scott Foster You Owe Me One’: Draymond Green Justifies His ‘WWE Move’ on Lakers at the Free Throw Line

NFL

“I Don’t Know If He Has a Girlfriend, But…”: Chad Johnson Highlights Mitch Jeter’s Field Goal For Notre Dame Against Penn State

NFL

Jason Kelce Offers Advice as Fan Opposes Girlfriend’s Fall Wedding Suggestion: “Watch the Football Game, Record It”

NASCAR

“Crime Didn’t Fit the Punishment”: NASCAR’s “Propping Up” of Joey Logano Falls Flat as Fans Express Disgust Over Title Win

NASCAR

“I Mess That Up Every Now and Then”: Ryan Blaney’s Honest Admission on Domestic Hygiene, Reveals Solution to Tackle Problem

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/nba-news-derrick-rose-believed-in-himself-when-no-one-did-joakim-noah-on-historic-mvp-campaign/ 
 ----- 
