SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
CONCACAF NATIONS LEAGUE
THE 14-YEAR-OLD TURKS AND CAICOS GOALKEEPER DREAMING OF PLAYING FOR LIVERPOOL
The 14-year-old Turks and Caicos goalkeeper dreaming of playing for Liverpool
Bruno Henriques,
13.10.2024 10:08
Samuel Harvey receives an award at a youth tournament
Turks and Caicos FA
In a world where age records are being broken more and more often, Samuel Harvey impresses with his precociousness. He is the current first-choice goalkeeper for the Turks and Caicos Islands at just 14 years old.

At the age of 14, most young people's main concern is finishing their homework. Harvey, meanwhile, was preparing to make his international debut for the Turks and Caicos Islands, an archipelago located in North America with just over 38,000 inhabitants.

Debuting in the CONCACAF Nations League clash with Anguilla in September, the goalkeeper was unable to prevent a 2-0 defeat.

"After the game, I cried, my first internationalisation was a defeat. The coach spoke to me to help me refocus and be ready for the next game. I have to make the most of it, I've been an international since I was 14," explained the international to the BBC.

Of Jamaican descent, the goalkeeper admits that he idolises Aaron Lawrence (coach of the Turks and Caicos Islands and a starter for Jamaica at the 1998 World Cup).

"I've seen a lot of videos from that World Cup," said Harvey, who initially wasn't meant to be in goal: "I started out at centre-back, but when Aaron arrived he put me in goal and it worked out."

It's not unusual

With such a small recruitment pool, it's not surprising that the Turks and Caicos Islands have invested in such young players. Harvey is the third 14-year-old to make his international debut. Christopher Louisy and Watson Jean-Louis did the same five years ago.

"It's a very small island, some of the older players are at university and couldn't come to play, others stopped playing and started working because they didn't see a future in football.

"We're growing and this way we help these kids develop faster. In this way we hope to give them a goal to continue in football," explained Lawrence.

A future in the Premier League 

And looking ahead to Harvey's future, the ambition is there. A self-confessed Liverpool fan, the teenage keeper would one day like to wear the Reds' shirt and take over the role now held by Alisson Becker.

And Lawrence believes that a move to English football is not at all impossible. "He's got good reflexes, he's good at holding the ball up, he's quick off the mark. He has the qualities to become a Premier League goalkeeper," he concluded.

For now, on Harvey's horizon is a tricky clash with Belize in the sixth and final round of Group B in the third tier of the CONCACAF Nations League.

The Turks and Caicos Islands need to win in order to go up as one of the best second-placed teams, while their opponents have already secured progression.

MENTIONS
Football
Turks and Caicos Islands
CONCACAF Nations League
Related Articles
Uruguay boss Bielsa says his authority was affected by Suarez criticism
13.10.2024 09:06
FlashFocus: The inside story of Bordeaux's fall from Ligue 1 to liquidation fears
13.10.2024 08:20
Former champions Ghana in desperate fight for survival in AFCON qualifying
13.10.2024 06:25
Show more
Football
Iraola and Lopetegui both left wanting more after Bournemouth draw with West Ham
21 min ago
Simone Inzaghi hails Inter Milan players after side thrash in-form Lazio
28 min ago
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
9 h ago
Updated
Unal scores late stunner as Bournemouth snatch point from stubborn West Ham
10 h ago
Inter sparkle in six-goal thrashing of Lazio to keep pace with Serie A title chasers
10 h ago
Napoli lose defender Buongiorno for up to two months due to spinal fractures
12 h ago
Spain drawn into group with Italy, Belgium and Portugal for UEFA Women's EURO 2025
12 h ago
Updated
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
13 h ago
Foden says Manchester City players still believe in Guardiola despite recent struggles
13 h ago
Rafael Louzan elected new head of Spanish FA after year of turmoil
16 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
Hojlund parodies play-acting Walker on social media after Manchester derby
CAF Awards: Aboutrika, Okocha & other legends who missed out on the Player of the Year prize
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Lens - PSG
Inter - Como
Ghana - Nigeria
FOOTBALL SCORES
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-concacaf-nations-league-the-14-year-old-turks-and-caicos-goalkeeper-dreaming-of-playing-for-liverpool/vkDDxj3L/ 
 ----- 
