COTTON BOWL CLASSIC
News, stories, predictions and more, as Texas plays Ohio State here Friday 
CLOSE
Weather
35°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Live updates: Winter weather advisory expires for Dallas-Fort Worth as conditions improve
Here’s what we know about Dallas-Fort Worth road conditions Friday
Malls, stores opening late in North Texas amid winter storm
North Texas officials urge caution on roads as snow, ice settle in
Trump sentenced, gets no punishment in hush money case
5 things to watch in Texas-Ohio State Cotton Bowl: What is Longhorns’ path to CFP upset?
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
See the Dallas-area basketball games that have been rescheduled because of the weather
Plano Symphony to premiere work by Dallas composer Quinn Mason
‘Real Housewives of New York’ star shares D-FW travel woes on social media
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Runless in Seattle: Texas Rangers’ road woes at Mariners continue in consecutive losses
The Rangers are a paltry 8-32 at T-Mobile Park since 2020.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 15, 2024
|
Updated 7:25 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Seattle Mariners' Mitch Garver (18) greets teammates Randy Arozarena, center, and Justin Turner, right, who both scored on his three-run home run, as Texas Rangers catcher Jonah Heim, left, looks down during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Seattle. (AP Photo/Lindsey Wasson)(Lindsey Wasson / AP)

SEATTLE ― The day was lost before it even started.

First, it began in Seattle, where things have been futile for the Rangers for five seasons now. Futility is one thing, but hopelessness is something else. And when George Kirby takes the mound in Seattle against them, it’s as hopeless as it gets.

And Sunday was just another chapter in that saga. In a 7-0 loss to Seattle, the Rangers managed just one hit in seven innings against Kirby. In other words, more of the same. In six career starts against the Rangers in Seattle, Kirby is 5-0 and has allowed one run in 37 innings. The math comes out to a 0.24 ERA.

“We just can’t figure him out,” Rangers manager Bruce Bochy said.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

They’ll get another chance next week when Kirby faces them in Arlington. There he’s much more vulnerable, having allowed four runs in 11⅔ innings over two more Seattle wins.

But, hey, at least in Arlington, the Rangers occasionally find a way to beat the Mariners. Seattle has become the latest portal to purgatory for the Rangers, joining Houston. The Rangers finished the season in Seattle 1-6. The lone win came on Thursday when they scored three runs late. They are 8-32 at T-Mobile Park since 2020, which is only slightly worse than their 11-35 mark in Houston. If the Rangers are going to contend for American League West titles again, these figure to be the two places they’d better learn how to win.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related:This is what impressed Bruce Bochy, Rangers the most in Kumar Rocker’s first MLB start

“It starts with their pitching,” Bochy said of the Mariners’ dominance in Seattle. “They’ve done a good job on us.”

In all, the Rangers managed one base runner Sunday on Ezequiel Duran’s second-inning single. He was erased by Carson Kelly’s double play. Relievers Trent Thornton and Eduard Bazardo pitched two perfect innings to finish if off. The Rangers sent the minimum number of hitters (27) to the plate. The last time they batted at least nine times and sent the minimum to the plate was Sept. 20, 2019. They’ve been no-hit twice since then and still managed more of a threat than they did against Seattle on Sunday.

In fact, the only thing that broke up the monotony of the beating was a stare-down between Seattle’s Randy Arozarena and Rangers catcher Jonah Heim after Arozarena hit a seventh-inning homer off Gerson Garabito that made it 5-0.

ADVERTISEMENT

Arozarena gave a joyful bat flip and followed with a leisurely stroll around the bases. When he crossed the plate, Heim followed him back toward the Mariners’ dugout for a couple of steps, presumably reminding him of the rules of proper celebratory etiquette. Arozarena was more intent on greeting Aquaman, er, teammate Julio Rodríguez, who was standing on the top step of the dugout holding Seattle’s home run trident. Arozarena proudly jammed the trident to the ground. The next time up, he got plunked in the arm with a 2-2 pitch by Garabito. The Mariners bench was ready to grab their pitchforks and rush the field. Arozarena suggested everybody chill. It seemed like a good idea.

ADVERTISEMENT

“You know what: I don’t get caught up into that stuff anymore,” Bochy said. “It’s part of the game, it seems like today. And he had a good time with it.

“He got hit, but I don’t think [Garabito] would wait until the fifth or sixth pitch to do it. He was trying to go in there. It happens in baseball. You occasionally get hit. We got hit a time or two in this series, too. Anyway, he went down the line and it was over.”

Oh, it was over long before that.

It was over when Kirby took the mound.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Live updates: Winter weather advisory expires for Dallas-Fort Worth as conditions improve
2
Here’s what we know about Dallas-Fort Worth road conditions Friday
3
550 flights through DFW, Love Field canceled Friday after winter storm
4
Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
5
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/15/run-less-in-seattle-texas-rangers-road-woes-at-mariners-continue-in-consecutive-losses/ 
 ----- 
