#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
#1  JONATHAN JANSEN | Institutional egos clashing over matric results drives me bananas
#2  TENDAI MBANJE | Frelimo 'unshaken' amid escalation of violence after Mozambique’s disputed elections
#3  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#4  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#5  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
SOCCER
Guinea beat Gambia to take giant step towards last 16 of Cup of Nations
20 January 2024 - 06:43
BY REUTERS
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Aguibou Camara of Guinea celebrates with his teammates after scoring during the Africa Cup of Nations group stage match against Gambia at Stade Charles Konan Banny de Yamoussoukro on January 19, 2024 in Yamoussoukro, Ivory Coast.
Image: MB Media/Imago via Getty

Aguibou Camara scored a second-half winner to give Guinea a 1-0 victory over Gambia at the Africa Cup of Nations finals on Friday and help them take a giant step towards a place in the last 16 of the tournament in the Ivory Coast.

Camara slid home a pass from Morgan Guilavogui to hand Guinea a deserved triumph after they dominated the Group C clash at the Charles Konan Banny Stadium.

Guinea have four points in second place in the standings behind holders Senegal, who top the table with six after they beat Cameroon 3-1 earlier in the day.

Cameroon have a single point while the Gambia have lost their opening two matches.

With the top two teams from each of the six opening-round groups advancing, along with the four best third-placed finishers, Guinea will consider themselves as good as through to the last 16 after an imposing performance.

Mohamed Bayo, who scored in their 1-1 draw with Cameroon in their opening group game on Monday, hit the woodwork twice and there was also a good chance missed by Sekou Oumar Sylla.

Camara’s goal came at the end of a swift passing movement but he needed to stretch out to steer the cross into the net in the 69th minute.

Guinea were eliminated in the last 16 by Gambia on their giant-killing run at the previous Cup of Nations in Cameroon two years ago but turned the tables this time round with Bayo seeing his 33rd-minute shot strike the foot of the upright and bounce away to safety.

Sylla was free on goal in the 61st minute but made poor contact with the ball and saw his chance slip away while Bayo hit the woodwork again in the 74th minute.

Guinea had captain Naby Keita back as a second-half substitute, and he had a stoppage-time effort cleared off the Gambia line, but again they did not use Serhou Guirassy, the VfB Stuttgart striker who has scored 17 Bundesliga goals this season. Guirassy was injured at the pre-tournament training camp in Abu Dhabi and has yet to feature at the finals.

Gambia’s Yankuba Minteh had the ball in the net for Gambia in the 80th minute but was ruled offside and Ablie Jallow missed out at the left post soon after.

Gambia must beat Cameroon in their last game on Tuesday to stand any chance of progress while Guinea will take on Senegal at the same time to determine top place in the group.

MORE:
Champions Senegal steam into Afcon last 16 with 3-1 win over Cameroon
Ismaila Sarr scored one goal and laid on another as defending champions Senegal beat Cameroon 3-1 on Friday and booked their place in the round of 16 ...
SPORT11 months ago
Kwanele Kopo explains why he joined Chippa United who have a high turnover of coaches
In the eyes of many South African football followers, the coaching job at Chippa United is like having a hand grenade without a pin
SPORT11 months ago
Egypt face anxious wait over Salah injury after Ghana draw
Mohammed Kudus scored a brace of goals but Ghana twice let a lead slip to draw 2-2 with Egypt in their Africa Cup of Nations group B clash in Abidjan ...
SPORT11 months ago
Cape Verde Islands beat Mozambique to win group and reach Afcon next stage
The Cape Verde Islands, the smallest country competing at the Africa Cup of Nations finals, became the first to book their place in the next stage of ...
SPORT11 months ago
Pirates, Chiefs and Sundowns get favourable draws in Nedbank Cup
The Premier Soccer League (PSL) big three Kaizer Chiefs, Orlando Pirates and Mamelodi Sundowns have managed to avoid each other in the Nedbank Cup ...
SPORT11 months ago
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

MOST READ
Former Kaizer Chiefs coach Muhsin Ertugral makes dramatic return to PSL
SOCCER
SA20 boss Graeme Smith lauds Proteas for reaching WTC final
CRICKET
No standing still as innovation and change beckon for sport in 2025
SPORT
Mulder fit and raring to go but starting spot not guaranteed at Newlands
CRICKET
'This, without doubt, is the one innings that I will remember for the rest of ...
CRICKET
LATEST VIDEOS
Trump sides with Musk in H-1B foreign workers visa debate | REUTERS
'GNU is meaningless'-Jacob Zuma
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2025 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-01-20-guinea-beat-gambia-to-take-giant-step-towards-last-16-of-cup-of-nations/ 
 ----- 
