HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFCON- AFRICA CUP OF NATIONS

AFCON 2023: Guinea vs Gambia: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 17, 2024 at 7:54 AM
Modified at :
January 17, 2024 at 7:54 AM

Govind

0
0
Both West African Nations set to clash on matchday 2 from Group C

After a 2-0 victory over Nigeria in a friendly game, the Guinea national football team had built good momentum to carry in the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations. On matchday 1 against five-time champions, Cameroon, Kaba Diawara’s men did the unthinkable after going ahead in 10 minutes. The lead however didn’t last until the end of the game as a 10-man Guinea later conceded in the 51-minute mark.

Gambia national football team on the other hand had a contest with the defending champions, Senegal national football team. And the side couldn’t hold them off for much longer as they conceded in under 5 minutes of the kickoff. Later a red card to Ebou Adams made the second half much problematic. The 20-year-old Lamine Camara scored a brace against Gambia in the final 45 minutes.

Kick-Off:

Friday, 19 January 2024 at 8:00 PM UK

Saturday, 20 January 2024 at 1:30 AM IST

Location: Stade Charles Konan Banny de Yamoussoukro

Form

Guinea (in all competitions): D-W-L-W-D

Gambia (in all competitions): L-L-L-D-W

Players to Watch
Mohamed Bayo (Guinea)

The striker received the Man of the Match award in the Guinea versus Cameroon game. Mohamed Bayo stunned everyone in the stadium and people watching LIVE by scoring the opening goal that gave his nation the lead against Indomitable Lions. Bayo along with his teammates even managed to earn a point by playing the full second half a man down.

Yankuba Minteh (Gambia)

Newcastle United signed the 19-year-old right winger in the summer of 2023. The player is on loan at Feyenoord who play in the Eredivisie. Yankuba Minteh started against Senegal and is a promising teenager. Minteh should find a start against Guinea once again.

Match Facts
Both sides saw a player each get a red card in the added time of the first half in the last game
Guinea earned a hard-fought one point on the table against Cameroon while Gambia were thrashed 3-0 by Senegal
This 2023 AFCON is just the second appearance of Gambia. In the first one, 2021 AFCON, they made it to the quarter-finals
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury & Team News

François Kamano received a red last time against the Indomitable Lions. So in this fixture, Kamano will be serving a match ban. Clinical forward Serhou Guirassy missed the last game due to a thigh injury and will do so once again. Former Liverpool midfielder Naby Keita remained on the bench against Cameroon and remains a doubt in this one as well.

The Gambia side led by Tom Saintfiet lost midfielder Ebou Adams to a red last time out. So in this one, they will have to go about the business without the services of Adams.

Head to Head

Total Matches – 24

Guinea wins – 7

Gambia wins – 5

Draws – 12

Predicted Lineup
Guinea predicted lineup (4-2-3-1):

Kone (GK); A. Conte, Diakhaby, Jeanvier, S. Sylla; Moriba, Konate; Guilavogui, A. Camara, Kante; Bayo

Gambia predicted lineup (4-3-2-1):

Gaye (GK); Janko, Gomez, Colley, Touray; Manneh, Marr, Darboe; Minteh, Barrow; Sowe

Match Prediction for Guinea vs Gambia

The 2021 AFCON quarter-finalists Gambia were humbled by defending champions Senegal on matchday 1. On the other hand, Guinea had a good result against Cameroon and are likely to try and squeeze themselves among Group C favourites for the next rounds – Cameroon and Senegal. Expecting a win for Kaba Diawara’s side this time out.

Prediction: Guinea 2-0 Gambia

Telecast for Guinea vs Gambia

India – FanCode

UK – Sky Sports

US – beIN Sports

Nigeria – NTA

AFCON 2023 Worldwide Broadcast Details: Click here

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-world-football-guinea-vs-gambia-match-preview 
 ----- 
