Nations League & Women's EURO
Live football scores & stats
Get
Skip to main content
UEFA.com
Home
About
National Associations
Running Competitions
Development
Sustainability
News & Media
You may be also interested in:
Match calendar
Store (national teams)
Store (clubs)
UEFA rankings
Tickets and hospitality
 
UEFA competitions
Clubs
UEFA Champions League
UEFA Europa League
UEFA Super Cup
UEFA Conference League
UEFA Youth League
Under-20 Intercontinental Cup
National
European Qualifiers
UEFA EURO 2024
UEFA Nations League
Finalissima
UEFA Under-21
Women
UEFA Women's Champions League
UEFA Women's EURO
Women's European Qualifiers
UEFA Women's Nations League
Women's Finalissima
FIFA Women's World Cup
UEFA Women's Under-19
UEFA Women's Under-17
Youth
UEFA Under-19
UEFA Under-17
UEFA Regions' Cup
Futsal
UEFA Futsal Champions League
UEFA Futsal EURO
Futsal Finalissima
UEFA Women's Futsal EURO
UEFA U-19 Futsal EURO
FIFA Futsal World Cup
Women’s Futsal European Qualifiers
 
Log in
UEFA Nations League
Matches
Groups
Video
Stats
Teams
News
History
About
Store
More
Log in to watch
Go back
Serbia vs Switzerland
Updates
Timeline
Stats
Group
Match info
Match summary
Serbia claim first Group A4 victory
Elvedi own goal, Mitrović strike seals win
Rajković saves Embolo penalty
Aleksandra StojkovićReporting from Gradski stadion Dubočica

Murat Yakin, Switzerland coach; "Many things are against us at the moment. We play, we dominate. We lose patience, and then the duels. Today they were smarter and defended better than us."

Stojković on facing Spain on Tuesday: "We have to do our best. I'm looking forward to the game, let me tell you right away. I'm happy that we're playing against the best team in Europe, so we'll see. Guys shouldn't worry about names, but follow their instincts and do their best."


Aleksandra StojkovićReporting from Gradski stadion Dubočica

More from Stojković: "A nice evening in Leskovac. A phenomenal goal by Mitrović, Maksimović made his debut at the age of 17 and Rajković was incredible."


Aleksandra StojkovićReporting from Gradski stadion Dubočica

Dragan Stojković, Serbia coach: "It was a tough and competitive match. In the second half we looked smart, with a lot of responsibility and discipline in our tactical ideas."


Fixtures and results

Mitrović on Serbia's trip to face Nations League holders and EURO 2024 winners Spain on Tuesday: "A very difficult game against the champions of Europe. We have two days to prepare for another difficult game. Let's be defensively perfect and wait for our chance. We showed in the first game that we can deal with them. If we play the right way, we can win."

Aleksandar Mitrović, Serbia goalscorer: "Every goal is important, and I certainly wouldn't separate this one, but in general this was a good game, especially defensively. We scored two goals and had more chances. We were good in defence, didn't allow them many chances, and finished the game properly."


More from Yakin: "We tried to put a lot of pressure up front, but this led us to often find ourselves one-on-one in defence."


Murat Yakin, Switzerland coach: "It is difficult to understand what is not working, because in these games we have had many unfortunate situations. Even today we were in control for practically the whole first half, but we were punished for the few mistakes we made. They were smart to wait for these chances and take advantage of them. It's frustrating when this happens."


Overview: League A
Cookies

We and our third-party partners use cookies on our site to offer you a better browsing experience, analyse site traffic and serve personalised content as detailed in our Cookie Policy. If you select ‘Accept all’, you consent to our use of cookies. To change your cookie preferences or disable cookies, select ‘Cookie settings’.

Cookie settings
Reject all
Accept all
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.uefa.com/uefanationsleague/match/2040119--serbia-vs-switzerland/ 
 ----- 
