Skip to Article
Set weather
Michigan
Subscribe
Sign in
TIGERS
Tigers' incredible season ends with Game 5 loss to Guardians
Updated: Oct. 13, 2024, 11:11 a.m.|Published: Oct. 12, 2024, 4:18 p.m.

Cleveland Guardians' Lane Thomas reacts as he runs the bases after hitting a grand slam in the fifth inning during Game 5 of baseball's American Leauge Division Series against the Detroit Tigers, Saturday, Oct. 12, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)AP

By Evan Woodbery | ewoodber@mlive.com

CLEVELAND -- This wild, unexpected ride has come to an end.

The Detroit Tigers, who made a historic surge to their first playoff berth in 10 years, lost to the Cleveland Guardians in the decisive Game 5 on Saturday afternoon at Progressive Field.

Everton sack manager Sean Dyche ahead of FA Cup clash with PeterboroughEverton sack manager Sean Dyche ahead of FA Cup clash with Peterborough

Lane Thomas hit a grand slam off Tigers ace Tarik Skubal in the fifth inning to lead the Guardians to a 7-3 win.

The Guardians won the best-of-five Division Series, 3-2, and will advance to play the New York Yankees in the American League Championship Series beginning Monday night.

“I have a heartbroken team for all the right reasons. We left everything on the field against a really good team,” said Tigers manager A.J. Hinch. “I know it’s going to sting, but we’re also going to use it as fuel to get to next spring. But seasons end fast when you’re in the middle of this sprint race through the playoffs and come up a little bit short.“

The most dramatic and consequential moments of the game played out in the fifth inning. After the Tigers took a 1-0 lead in the top of the fifth, the Guardians loaded the bases with three singles against Tigers ace Tarik Skubal.

The next two pitches changed the game and dashed the Tigers' hopes of extending their season.

Skubal drilled Jose Ramirez with a 99.9 mph fastball to force in the game-tying run. There was a delay while Ramirez was checked out by an athletic trainer. When it was clear that Ramirez was OK, the crowd roared its approval.

On the very next pitch, Guardians center fielder Lane Thomas skied a fastball 396 feet to left-center. It landed in the front row of the bleachers for a grand slam, sending the packed stadium into bedlam.

“It was supposed to be a sinker in, and it kind of leaked over the plate a little bit, and Lane did what he was supposed to do,” said Tigers catcher Jake Rogers.

Skubal hadn’t allowed a run in 17 innings in this year’s playoffs.

He hadn’t allowed a home run since Sept. 12.

He hadn’t allowed a grand slam, ever.

“He could have gave up 100 (runs) today, and I’ll still take him over anybody," Rogers said.

Hinch said Skubal “gave everything he could and more.”

“This one is going to eat at him through the entire off-season because of what was at stake. But give me that guy again in a playoff series, in a playoff-deciding game,” Hinch said.

For a while, it looked like the Game 5 script might play more favorably for the Tigers.

Kerry Carpenter, whose status was in doubt after he left Game 4 with a hamstring injury, entered as a pinch-hitter in the fifth inning against Guards right-handed reliever Andrew Walter.

With Trey Sweeney on first base, Carpenter drilled a ball to the right-center gap. Carpenter, hobbled by the bum hamstring, could only make it to first. But Sweeney raced around third and arrived home a split second before the throw.

Carpenter said he could swing with some pain but running more than a base at a time was an obstacle. Even so, he was determined to play if he could.

“These guys in the clubhouse are who I fight for,” he said. “And the driving reasons I wanted to be here is for this team, if I could contribute.”

With the way Skubal had been pitching, it seemed like a 1-0 lead might be enough.

It wasn’t.

But the drama wasn’t over. The Tigers reached base four consecutive times with two outs in the sixth inning, cutting the Guardians' lead to 5-2 and bringing Carpenter back up to the plate with the bases loaded.

If you’ve followed the last two months of Tigers baseball, you could be excused for expecting a grand slam.

But Guardians reliever Hunter Gaddis struck out Carpenter to escape the jam.

The Tigers kept chipping away. Colt Keith doubled home Riley Greene in the seventh to cut the lead to two runs. But Eli Morgan entered and struck out Wenceel Perez and Spencer Torkelson to strand Keith at second.

The Tigers struggled with runners in scoring position for most of the series. They were 1-for-12 on Saturday and left 10 on base.

Guardians starter Matthew Boyd hit a batter and walked another in the first inning, but logged three strikeouts to escape the early jam.

Parker Meadows doubled down the left-field line in the second but was stranded at third.

Boyd only went two innings -- exactly once through the Tigers' batting order -- before giving way to a bullpen game.

Guardians rookie right-hander Cade Smith started the parade of relievers. He struck out three over 1 2/3 scoreless innings. Smith pitched in all five games of the ALDS and set a Division Series relief record with 12 strikeouts by a reliever.

“I’ve been through a lot of playoff series where the bullpen gets used a lot. I’m not sure I’ve quite ever seen the Cade Smith, (Hunter) Gaddis and (Emmanuel) Clase pitch at that volume and stay at that level," Hinch said.

Skubal experienced his first stress in the third inning when left fielder Riley Greene dropped Steven Kwan’s line drive as he ran toward the foul line. Brayan Rocchio, who had singled earlier in the inning, raced to third and Kwan made it to second on the error. The Tigers intentionally walked Jose Ramirez to face Lane Thomas, who popped out to end the inning.

Meadows got a hit in all seven postseason games, tying Charlie Gehringer for the longest hitting streak to start a postseason career in Tigers history.

The Tigers missed a chance to make their eighth appearance in the ALCS since the divisional format was created in 1969. They previously played in the Championship Series in 1972, 1984, 1987, 2006, 2011, 2012 and 2013.

But after a 10-year playoff drought, the Tigers were back in October and have staked a claim to return again in 2025.

“We’re back to being a winning organization,“ Hinch said. ”We earned it."

BOX SCORE

MORE TIGERS POSTSEASON COVERAGE
After Tigers’ whirlwind finish, take a breath and reflect on season to remember
Tigers' season ends, but Tarik Skubal’s stellar year transcends one swing
Inside the Tigers’ clubhouse: A.J. Hinch, players proud of remarkable finish to 2024
Skubal gives up grand slam as Tigers fall in ALDS Game 5: live updates recap
Tigers weigh Game 5 pinch-hit role for Kerry Carpenter after injury

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Jobs at MLive
MLive Media Group
Our Team
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
MLive.com
Newsletters
The Ann Arbor News
The Bay City Times
The Flint Journal
The Grand Rapids Press
Jackson Citizen Patriot
Kalamazoo Gazette
Muskegon Chronicle
The Saginaw News
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
MLive Sections
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
News
Business
Sports
Advice
High School Sports
Betting
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Your Regional News Pages
Saginaw
Jackson
Kalamazoo
Muskegon
Ann Arbor
Bay City
Flint
Grand Rapids
Mobile
Mobile apps
More on MLive
Video
Weather
Post a job
Archives
Classifieds
Sell your car
Sell/Rent your home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlive.com/tigers/2024/10/tigers-incredible-season-ends-with-game-5-loss-to-guardians.html 
 ----- 
