Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
Liga MX TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Inter Miami star Lionel Messi debuts as Fortnite skin: styles, emotes, cosmetics, and price
Al Hilal star Neymar reveals huge expectations for 2026 FIFA World Cup with Brazil
HOW TO WATCH
How to watch Colombia vs Chile on US TV and live streaming

by World Soccer Talk October 15, 2024

WHO	Colombia vs Chile
WHAT	CONMEBOL 2026 World Cup Qualifying
WHEN	4:30 PM ET / 1:30 PM PT • Tuesday, October 15, 2024
WHERE	Fanatiz Pay-Per-View
STREAM	WATCH NOW
Here are all of the details of where you can watch Colombia vs Chile on US television and via legal streaming:
With Fanatiz, you can watch Colombia vs Chile and tons more games. With the legal streaming service, you can watch the game on your computer, smartphone, tablet, Roku, Apple TV, Fire Stick or hook it up to your TV with Google Chromecast.
Martin hanging on to Southampton role after Spurs hammer them 5-0
How to watch anywhere with VPN
If you’re abroad, you may need to use a virtual private network (VPN) in order to watch games using your usual streaming service. A VPN, such as NordVPN, allows you to establish a secure connection online when streaming. If you are not sure which VPN to use, check out World Soccer Talk’s guide to the best VPNs for streaming soccer.
More details about watching the game on Fanatiz
Fanatiz has World Cup qualifiers such as Colombia vs Chile, and other exclusive pay-per-view matches, throughout the year. In addition, standard Fanatiz plans (a separate cost from pay-per-view packages) include access to beIN SPORTS – the network with the rights to Ligue 1, Copa Libertadores, Copa Sudamericana, the Turkish SüperLig, African club and international competitions, and more. It also has GolTV, the hard-to-find channel that airs the Portuguese Primeira, Ecuadorian Serie A, Peruvian Liga 1, and Uruguayan Primera. The service is also has Spanish language coverage of the Argentine Primera and Brasileirão leagues, as well as Colombian and Honduran leagues.
The Fanatiz app is available on iOS, Android, Roku, Apple TV and Amazon Fire TV.
Useful links
Courtesy of World Soccer Talk, download a complimentary copy of The Ultimate Soccer TV And Streaming Guide, which features details on where to watch all of the leagues from around the world on US TV and streaming.
To find out when soccer games are on, download the free Soccer TV Schedules App which includes listings of all of the live soccer matches available in the United States (available on Apple iOS devices and Android devices).
Photo credit: Imago
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
LATEST NEWS
How to watch Juventus vs Cagliari in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Coppa Italia
Shock move: Lionel Messi’s Argentina World Cup-winning teammate negotiating transfer to Galatasaray
Climate change effects could cause havoc on Club World Cup
Chelsea's firm stance: Enzo Fernández's future confirmed despite proposals from Barcelona and Real Madrid
Karim Benzema to break away from Cristiano Ronaldo: Saudi departure signals Real Madrid return—but there's a catch
Manchester United's investigation into team leaks puts Alejandro Garnacho in the spotlight
Mykhailo Mudryk of Chelsea tests positive for doping, leading to his departure from the club
Real Madrid waits for Trent Alexander-Arnold after reportedly rejecting 3 Liverpool contract offers
Lionel Messi delivers message to Barcelona stars Yamal and Lopez after Golden Boy awards
Lamine Yamal sets huge goals with Barcelona and Spain before aiming for Ballon d'Or
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Inter Miami star Lionel Messi debuts as Fortnite skin: styles, emotes, cosmetics, and price
Inter Miami's Lionel Messi has been unveiled as Fortnite's latest skin, complete with a bundle featuring unique styles, emotes, and cosmetics.
Al Hilal star Neymar reveals huge expectations for 2026 FIFA World Cup with Brazil
Currently sidelined with an injury, Al Hilal star Neymar has shared his expectations for Brazil at the 2026 FIFA World Cup.
Cristiano Ronaldo's former Real Madrid teammate Khedira dismisses him as the most special player
Sami Khedira, former teammate of Cristiano Ronaldo at both Real Madrid and Juventus, has dismissed the Portuguese star as the most special player he’s ever shared a team with.
‘The present and the future’: Lionel Messi foretells who will succeed him as next Barcelona legend
As Lionel Messi’s extraordinary career nears its conclusion, the footballing world has been buzzing with one question: who will inherit his legacy?
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/watch-on-us-tv/colombia-vs-chile-on-us-tv-and-live-streaming/ 
 ----- 
