Sign in
News
News Staff
Life
Life Staff
The Daily Faces
Campus Events
Sports
Sports Staff
Opinion
Opinion Staff
How Opinion Works
Artist
Photo
Print Editions
Special Editions
Tip Line
About
Our Staff
Board of Directors
How to get involved
Policies and Financial Transparency
SIGN IN
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
PASSWORD RECOVERY
Recover your password
your email
TRENDING NOW
Men’s Basketball: McNeeley-less No. 11 Huskies storm back to beat Providence 87-84 
Women’s basketball: Bueckers injured in No. 7 Connecticut ‘s 83-52 win over Villanova 
Women’s Basketball: Huskies continue their Big East road trip to face Villanova Sunday  
Search
21.1 F
Storrs
Monday, January 6, 2025
NEWS
LIFE
SPORTS
OPINION
ARTIST
PHOTO
PRINT EDITIONS
TIP LINE
ABOUT
HomeSportsTyler’s Take: Breaking down the Boston Celtics’ start to the 2024-2025 season
Sports
Tyler’s Take: Breaking down the Boston Celtics’ start to the 2024-2025 season
By
Tyler Pruneau
November 14, 2024
0
101
 Share

No matter which sport, winning the championship is on every team’s mind coming into the new season. For the Boston Celtics, achieving it all and becoming back-to-back champs is a must. With how talented the team is, falling short of the promised land is considered a failed season. Standing at No. 2 in the Eastern Conference, the team owns a winning 9-3 record so far. Seeing how well Boston has played the past few weeks should scare the league. 

Boston Celtics’ Jayson Tatum reacts after scoring a three-point basket in the first half of an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets, Wednesday, Nov. 13, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Heather Khalifa)

Getting into the players, Jayson Tatum is putting on an MVP performance to open the season. Leading the Celtics in every category but blocks, Tatum is averaging 30.5 points, 7.6 rebounds, 5.0 assists and 1.6 steals. As the face of the franchise, the power forward is everywhere on the court, but one problem that holds Tatum down is his shooting attempts. Stepping to the three-point line 11.6 times, he makes about 4.3. In addition, he takes nearly 21 shots from field goal range, making less than half of them. Opponents could easily take advantage of this, but when it comes to offensive rebounding, the Celtics luck out. Sitting second in the league, the team generates a little more than 10 offensive rebounds per match. 

Turning the page, Jaylen Brown can hold the fort down when Tatum is underperforming. Putting up 20-plus points in every game to start the season, Brown’s fun did not last long. The NBA Finals MVP was pushed to the sidelines for four contests, suffering from a reoccurring strained hip flexor since training camp. Not breaking a sweat, the Celtics took care of business, conquering three out of four challenges. Making a return against the Milwaukee Bucks and struggling, Brown produced 14 points.  

Flipping the script the following game, the guard stepped up big, leading the team with 37 points against the Atlanta Hawks. Despite Brown’s stellar performance, the team failed to seal the deal and lost the match. 

In Brown’s absence, Payton Pritchard and Derrick White filled the gap and did not disappoint. Pritchard, who is improving every year, went from playing 14 minutes back in 2022 and 2023 to 27 minutes of play. In his four showings, the 26-year-old averaged 19 points. Consistently racking up 15-plus points, the guard is a big part of the Celtics offense.  

Boston Celtics’ Derrick White, left, keeps the ball away from Brooklyn Nets’ Dennis Schroder, right, during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Friday, Nov. 8, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

Switching things over to White, the two-way player is not only attacking the rim but defending it as well. Making great efforts to help Tatum take down the Golden State Warriors, White tallied up 26 points. With Brown back in the mix, White continues his reign of dominance. Contributing 31 points against the Hawks, the NBA champion generated 58.3 percent from the three-point line.  

Defensively, the Olympic gold medalist refuses to give up on plays and stands his ground. Leading the team in blocks, White is averaging 1.1 per match. Protecting the rim against the Brooklyn Nets, White swatted away three potential baskets. Snatching nearly four boards a night, the guard strives not to give his opponents redemption. The skill set that the underrated duo of Pritchard and White brings to the team is a big part of why  Brown’s injury didn’t affect them in a major way. 

Tying with four other teams, the Celtics hold the No. 2 spot when it comes to defending. Helping White on the other end of the court, Jrue Holiday is averaging 3.8 rebounds per game. Providing the team with opportunities to score, Holiday accumulates four assists per contest. Contributing to the three victories acquired while Brown was injured, Holiday averaged 15.3 points. Seen as a two-way player, the Celtics use the point guard for his playmaking and defensive abilities but, when needed, can put up 20 points on any given day. 

Boston Celtics’ Al Horford (42) celebrates his 3-pointer in overtime during an NBA basketball game against the Brooklyn Nets, Friday, Nov. 8, 2024, in Boston. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

Deep diving into the center position, the defending champs lost a significant aid to the team, Kristaps Porziņģis, who is rehabbing from off-season surgery.  Despite the inconvenience, the show must go on. Moving to a backup center after Porziņģis arrived on the team, Al Horford regained his starting job. Competing with the Celtics from 2016-2019 and 2021-present, the veteran understands how the team runs. Behind the 38-year-old is Luke Kornet, who provides a great sixth man when needed. Averaging a combined 9.3 rebounds and 3.9 assists, the centers are keeping things running. 

The 2024-2025 NBA season is just getting into gear for the Celtics, and Porziņģis returning in December is the cherry on top. 

TAGSbasketballBoston CelticsNBATyler's Take
Previous article
Next article
UConn’s new council on sexual violence leaves much to be desired 
	
Tyler Pruneau
RELATED ARTICLES
Sports
Men’s Basketball: McNeeley-less No. 11 Huskies storm back to beat Providence 87-84 
Sports
Women’s basketball: Bueckers injured in No. 7 Connecticut ‘s 83-52 win over Villanova 
Sports
Women’s Basketball: Huskies continue their Big East road trip to face Villanova Sunday  
Leave a Reply
FEATURED
Men’s Basketball: McNeeley-less No. 11 Huskies storm back to beat Providence 87-84 
Women’s basketball: Bueckers injured in No. 7 Connecticut ‘s 83-52 win over Villanova 
Women’s Basketball: Huskies continue their Big East road trip to face Villanova Sunday  
Men’s Basketball: Ball shoots No. 11 UConn over DePaul in 81-68 win in Windy City 
Women’s Basketball: No. 7 Huskies take care of business with New Years Day dub over Marquette
Women’s basketball: No. 7 Huskies travel to Milwaukee for New Year’s contest against Marquette 
Men’s Basketball: No. 11 UConn rings in New Year at DePaul
Women’s basketball: No. 7 Huskies bookend 67-41 win over Providence with strong opening, closing quarters.
Football: Connecticut rolls a strike in 27-14 Wasabi Fenway Bowl victory over Tar Heels 
Women’s Basketball: Azzi Fudd to start for Connecticut tomorrow in matchup over Providence  
Load more

© COPYRIGHT - THE DAILY CAMPUS

THE DAILY CAMPUS
1266 STORRS ROAD
STORRS, CT
06269, USA

The Daily Campus is UConn's independent, student-run newspaper. We strive to provide the UConn community with fair, accurate, relevant and editorially independent content, to take on student interests as our own interests, and to provide the best possible environment for students to learn, experience and develop skills related to news media.

ADVERTISE WITH US

View our content policy

WEEKLY NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP




Sign in / Join
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://dailycampus.com/2024/11/14/tylers-take-breaking-down-the-boston-celtics-start-to-the-2024-2025-season/ 
 ----- 
