 

SPORTS
 BROOKLYN BORO
Fernández gets harsh after loss to champs
Rookie coach cites Nets for showing 'quit' vs. Celtics
November 14, 2024 By John Torenli, Sports Editor Brooklyn Daily Eagle
Nets first-year coach Jordi Fernández and his players proved no match for the defending NBA champion Celtics at Barclays Center Wednesday. AP Photo by Heather Khalifa
Share this:
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Flipboard
Email
Share

Jordi Fernández had been eloquent, insightful, encouraging and resilient in both defending and, at times, criticizing his team through his first 11 games as the Brooklyn Nets’ rookie coach.

Following a blowout loss to the defending NBA champion Boston Celtics at Downtown’s Barclays Center Wednesday night, Fernández fumed a bit.

“It was not going our way, but you can never ever ever quit, or look defeated,” the 41-year-old native of Badalona, Spain insisted following a humbling 139-114 defeat to the Celtics in front of 18.112 fans on the corner of Atlantic and Flatbush.

“This is not who we want to be,” added Fernández.

Who the Nets (5-7) were through the first three weeks of the campaign, a tenacious, never-say-die, willful unit that refused to accept “rebuilding” as a moniker, wasn’t in evidence against a Celtics squad it had taken to overtime before bowing last Friday night in Boston.

This one was over much earlier as the champs opened a 115-95 cushion on Jrue Holliday’s basket with 7:11 remaining in the fourth quarter.

Playing Boston after it suffered a gut-wrenching one-point loss at home to Atlanta on Tuesday, the Nets appeared to be the team coming off a back-to-back despite Monday’s rousing victory in New Orleans.

In losing for the third time in four games, Brooklyn got outrebounded 45-34, including 12-3 on the offensive glass, surrendered 18 points off turnovers, was outscored 52-40 in the paint and lost the second-chance points battle by 10.

When asked if his team suffered from fatigue following a road trip that saw it play three games in four nights, Fernández failed to acknowledge even the slightest hint of an alibi.

“It’s all excuses,” he noted. “It is what it is. It’s the NBA. … We have to be better than this, plain and simple.”

Reigning NBA Most Valuable Player Jayson Tatum led the Boston assault with 36 points, nine rebounds and 10 assists.

Reigning NBA MVP Jayson Tatum and the Celtics had their way with the Nets Wednesday in Downtown Brooklyn. AP Photo by Heather Khalifa

Jaylen Brown, who missed the team’s first meeting with a hip flexor, added 24 points and nine assists for the Celtics (10-3), who have won each of their last seven visits to our borough.

Payton Pritchard, the hero for Boston in last Friday’s OT win, added 23 points off the bench and drained five of the Celtics’ 22 3-pointers.

Fernández refused to give more than obligatory nod to the champs, instead focusing on what his team needed to do to pick itself up off the mat with Friday’s NBA Cup opener looming against the New York Knicks.

“If we’re going to sustain success, this is not who we want to be,” he said. “I give (the Celtics) credit for winning a championship and being a good team. We need to worry about ourselves.”

The Nets did shoot better than 50% and knocked down 44% of their 3-pointers.

But Boston knifed through a porous defense to best those impressive numbers, drilling 54% from the floor, including 48% from beyond the arc.

“Our guys played hard to start,” Fernández ceded as Brooklyn led by as many as 13 in the opening quarter and held a three-point lead with 3:21 remaining in the first half.

Tatum answered with one of his five 3-pointers and the Celtics were off and running, taking a 65-60 advantage into the intermission before pulling away for good in the third quarter.

Making his second straight start in place of injured forward Dorian Finney-Smith, Ziaire Williams scored a season-high 23 points for the Nets, drawing the closest thing to praise Fernández was willing to dole out during his first show of frustration during a post-game presser.

“He was very efficient for us. Ziaire was great. He understood exactly what he needed to do,” Fernández said.

“They weren’t backing down, and kind of just punched us in the mouth,” added Williams.

Cam Thomas put up 17 points and Dennis Schroder had 16 for Brooklyn, which will doubtlessly get a day to reflect on what Fernández felt was its worst effort of the season and his young head-coaching career.

“We’ll grow because we care as a group,” he said. “Then you come back and fight a different way. If our fight is better and we lose, I’ll take it.”

The Nets hope to take their coach’s ire out on the Knicks in the opener of a two-game set at Madison Square Garden this weekend.

Tip-off Friday is set for 7:30 p.m.

Ziaire Williams put up a season-high 23 points Wednesday, but he and his Nets teammates got blown out by the Boston Celtics. AP Photo by Heather Khalifa

NOTHING BUT NET: Finney-Smith’s ankle injury shouldn’t keep him out for long as Fernández indicated that he wanted the power forward to be at “200%” before he returns to the hardwood. … Ben Simmons, coming off a season-high 12-assist effort in New Orleans Monday, missed the rematch with the Celtics due to left-calf tightness. … Fernández’s Wednesday wasn’t all bad. He received the Venus de Badalona, citing him as a favorite son of his hometown, “To get this award just means the world to me. Just to represent my city, and not just for me, but also my parents,” he revealed. “They still live in Badalona, my friends and being the basketball town that it is , it’s pretty cool.”





SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTERS

Brooklyn Today — Daily top news in Brooklyn

Daily Brief — An afternoon dose of borough buzz

Bluedot Living Brooklyn — Simple, smart, sustainable stories

Good Food Brooklyn — Best bites in the borough

Daily Bulletin — Legal & courthouse news

BKLYN Live — Performance, arts & culture

SHARE ARTICLE:


LEAVE A COMMENT


RELATED ARTICLES
Roaring Pistons pass Nets at Barclays
January 9 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
Day’Ron Sharpe’s efforts not lost on Nets
January 8 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
Pacers run past injury-depleted Nets
January 7 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
Nets sink even deeper in Toronto
January 2 | By John Torenli, Sports Editor
Brooklyn man sentenced for fatal shooting of teenager while firing into crowd


✰✰✰

MTA worker dies after going into cardiac arrest in Brooklyn


✰✰✰

Tenants at Hylan Houses in Bushwick split on how to fund repairs


✰✰✰

State Senator and mayoral candidate Myrie criticizes Adams’ State of City address


✰✰✰

Several YMCA branches host Winter Open House this weekend


✰✰✰

Fire at a popular deli in Williamsburg


✰✰✰

New York to end restaurant reservation scalping with bill that goes into effect in February


✰✰✰

Camber Property Group takes over East New York complex


✰✰✰

Sanitation fines almost 500 people in less than a week for not properly storing trash in their bins


✰✰✰

NY Attorney General freezes $2.2M in cryptocurrency stolen in fake jobs scheme


✰✰✰

Mayor set to announce more funds for new schoolyards, swim safety classes


✰✰✰

NYC mayoral candidate Walden sues X after site ‘permanently’ suspends his account


✰✰✰

Early-morning burglar hits five businesses in Gravesend and Brighton Beach


✰✰✰

Mayor Adams to deliver ‘State of the City’ today at noon


✰✰✰

Police arrest teen over violent robbery at Bergen St. subway station 


✰✰✰

FDA declares salmonella-tainted cucumber outbreak to have ended


✰✰✰

Man stabbed in the leg in Midwood


✰✰✰

Police looking for suspects in Bergen Beach car crash scam


✰✰✰

Permanent healthcare funding for 9/11 responders a priority for Sen. Gillibrand in new Congressional term


✰✰✰

Gov. Hochul urges full repeal of the limits on SALT deduction


✰✰✰

See more breaking news here
Our world in photos






1
2
3
4
5
6
Previous
Next
Subscribe to one of our weeklies here.



Check out Brooklyn's newest environmental publication.
Subscribe Here
* indicates required
Email Address *
Zip Code *
Newsletters
Brooklyn Today — Daily top news in Brooklyn
Daily Brief — An afternoon dose of borough buzz
Bluedot Brooklyn — Smart, sustainable stories
Good Food — Best bites in the borough
Daily Bulletin — Legal & courthouse news
BKLYN Live — Performance, arts & culture
Home Reporter — South Brooklyn news

Jan 9, 2025 | Clear, 34° F

FOLLOW

@BKEAGLE
On New Year’s Day, people were ringing in the ne
A self-propelled liftboat  — which can lift its
After numerous bumps in the road, the Barbati fami
JOIN OUR TEAM
SUBSCRIBE
ADVERTISE
TERMS & CONDITIONS
ABOUT US
CONTACT US

© 2025 EAGLE URBAN MEDIA

   
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://brooklyneagle.com/articles/2024/11/14/fernandez-gets-harsh-after-loss-to-champs/ 
 ----- 
