Search 
Skip to content
FEPS Newsletter 24 May 2024 –  Housing crisis and Social Europe
ALL TOPICS
Search topic
Share:
Tweet this
Share on Facebook
Share on Linkedin
Print
24/05/2024
	

If you have problems displaying this email, follow this link

	
 
	
 
	
     
	
	

We are fast approaching the two-week deadline to #EUElections2024 and the start of the new term- and while we continue assessing the outgoing legislature, we also look to areas to progress in the future one!


Surveys stress that housing is one of the priorities and preoccupations of Europe’s citizens. This topic has been precisely one of our main focus recently. What can the EU do to combat the housing crisis?

Linked to this, FEPS continues the reflection on how to integrate social investments into the EU’s economic governance and consider its important societal and economic returns (progressives in Belgium, Germany and Spain are already moving steps in this direction). Other resources may also come from the introduction of a 5% wealth tax on Europe’s multimillionaires and billionaires so that we can finance the triple transformation: green, digital, and social.

FEPS is also pushing for a global perspective to face this ongoing transformation by pushing for a New Global Deal. This work brought us to the UN Civil Society Conference in Kenya. All this and more are on this week’s menu!

	
	
	
	
	
	

Europe’s housing crisis is urgent, as it touches vulnerable categories and middle-income groups that can no longer afford the costs of rent or mortgage. This crisis not only affects people’s health and well-being but also increases inequalities, reduces productivity and leads to environmental damage.  It is time for the European Union to make the housing crisis a priority, formulate policies and legislation, and provide funds to ensure decent and affordable housing for all.

	
	
	
	
	

PAST EVENT

Affordable housing and (in)equality in the EU

16 May – ULB, Brussels – Fringe event at the Interdisciplinary Conference on European Advanced Studies (IDEAS) by the Institute of European Studies of the Université Libre de Bruxelles

	
	

FEPS’ panel focused on housing inequalities and the role of EU policymaking to help member states deliver more affordable housing, support social housing and energy efficiency of buildings.

 

During this fringe event, we were joined by experts, including Ana Carla Pereira, expert on housing policies in the Cabinet of EU Commissioner Nicolas Schmit for Jobs and Social Rights; Sorcha Edwards, Secretary General at Housing Europe and Michaela Kauer, Head of Brussels Office, City of Vienna.

	
	
More info
	
	
	
	

PAST EVENT

Capacity building seminar on housing

17 May – FEPS HQ

 

FEPS hosted a ‘Capacity Building Seminar’ on housing, involving different progressive family partners (S&D, PES CoR, ESO, YES, Rainbow Rose, PES Women, ETUC, EESC, Solidar).

	
	
	
	
	

Photo credits: Shutterstock / Sam foster

	

PROGRESSIVE POST DOSSIER

Housing is a human right

By Isilda Gomes, Christophe Rouillon and Hans Dubois

 

Read the latest Progressive Post’s dossier on the housing crisis, including the following articles: 

We need a ‘Marshall Plan’ for housing
Addressing Europe’s housing crisis 
	
	
	
	
	
	

PAST EVENT

A New Global Deal to implement the SDGs

UN Civil Society Conference

9-10 May – Nairobi, Kenya 

	
	
	

FEPS organised a panel during the United Nations Civil Society Conference in Nairobi, Kenya – an international gathering that drew over 2,158 participants from 115 nationalities. This conference served as a crucial platform ahead of the upcoming Summit of the Future in September 2024 at the UN Headquarters in New York.

 

Against the backdrop of alarming trends of regression and widening inequalities exacerbated by resource constraints, our aim was to leverage this occasion to advocate for a New Global Deal. Through our panel and our new book ‘A New Global Deal’, we wanted to open dialogue across all continents on the urgent need to reform global governance and policies to address the current global challenges. 

 

 Read more about FEPS participation in the UN Civil Society Conference in Kenya 

 Explore the recommendations outlined in our book ‘A New Global Deal‘

 Watch FEPS President Maria João Rodrigues speaking on the plenary panel ‘Civil Society Recommendations on the 5 Chapters of the Pact for the Future, Declaration on Future Generations, and Global Digital Compact’ alongside Robeliza Halp, organising partner of Indigenous Peoples Major Group.

	
	
	
	
	

PAST EVENT

Social Europe in the new EU Economic Governance framework
Integrating social investment and social policy actors

21 May – FEPS HQ – In collaboration with Friedrich-Ebert-Stiftung (FES) and the German Federation of Trade Unions

	
	

During this expert meeting, we discussed the importance of integrating social investments and reforms into the EU’s new fiscal rules and strengthening Social Europe politically within the new Economic Governance framework with key actors from the Commission, the German Federal Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, the German Chancellery, the Belgian European Council Presidency and Trade Unions. 

	
	
More info
	
	
	
	

PAST EVENT

#TaxTheRichest campaign
Social and environmental justice in the EU – Who will pay for it?

1-2 May – Events in Budapest (Hungary) and Bratislava (Slovakia) – In collaboration with FES, Progressive Forum and Institute for Social Democracy

	
	
	

The top five richest in the EU have seen their wealth surge by 76% in the last three years, while 99% of citizens struggled and became poorer. In the EU, the richest 1% own 47% of financial wealth. Yet, they’re taxed less than employees.

 

To tackle crises and foster a fairer society, EU Member States must undergo a triple transformation: green, digital, and social. Introducing a 5% wealth tax on Europe’s multimillionaires and billionaires could yield EUR 286.5 billion annually. This is not a luxury but a necessity. 

 

Our objective with the events in Hungary and Slovakia was to raise awareness and collect signatures to support this initiative. Let’s make it happen, sign the petition to tax the richest!

	
	
Sign the petition
	
	
	
	
	
	
	

MEDIA

FEPS in the media!
 

FEPS has been featured in several media outlets:

In the Dutch magazine Sampol‘s article, FEPS President Maria João Rodrigues analyses the current state of the EU in the run-up to the European elections
	
	
Maria João Rodrigues’s interview in the Special Edition on the EU elections by the Portuguese newspaper SÁBADO
In the Hungarian newspaper Új Szó‘s article, FEPS Secretary General László Andor discusses the 2024 European Parliament elections and current issues facing the EU
László Andor’s interview in Euractiv on the consequences of youth unemployment for communities and the evolution of the concept of work
	
	
	
	
	
	

#148 FEPS TALKS PODCAST

Leading social and employment action at the EP

With Agnes Jongerius and David Rinaldi

 

 Listen to this podcast on Spotify | Apple Podcast | Website or watch it on Youtube

	
	
	

Agnes Jongerius, MEP of the S&D Group, explains the relevance of representing workers’ interests within the European Parliament and stresses the work done with the progressive family at the European level, in collaboration with EU Commissioner Schmit and PES, for which she leads the Social Europe Network.

 

Interviewed by FEPS Director David Rinaldi, Jongerius is not short of ideas for the next European legislature and suggests making bold steps on public procurement, minimum income, and a European local employment guarantee, in line with the zero unemployment areas that are emerging in different member states.

	
	
      
	
	

Was this email forwarded to you?

	
	
Subscribe
	
	

Copyright © 2024 FEPS Europe, All rights reserved.

You are receiving this email because you participated in one of FEPS’ events and/or have registered for FEPS’ newsletter.

If you wish not to receive FEPS’ communications anymore, please click here: unsubscribe now

	
 
	

Foundation for European Progressive Studies
Avenue des Arts, 46 – 1000 Bruxelles

+32 223 46 900 – info@feps-europe.eu

	
 
Find all related Progressive Post
Progressive Post
13/12/2024
Cornel BAN
Romania’s far-right surge
06/12/2024
Kevin Cunningham
Takeaways from the 2024 Irish elections
05/12/2024
Hannah DEASY
No breakthrough for women’s representation in Ireland’s 2024 general election
Find all related Magazine
Magazine
#ISSUE 26 Progressive Post
#Issue 26
Brace for impact
#ISSUE 25 Progressive Post
#Issue 25
EU 2024: the unpredictable well-known
ISSUE #24 Progressive Post
Issue #24
The future is social
Find all related publications
Publications
16/12/2024
Book
Next Left country case studies
Exploring the state of Social Democracy in France, Austria, Romania, the Netherlands, Italy and Australia
13/12/2024
The great countdown
A guide on how to arrive prepared for the European elections 2029
12/12/2024
Book
The Politics of Polycrisis
11/12/2024
Policy Study
From posts to polls
Understanding youth engagement in the 2024 European elections
Find all related news
News
03/12/2024
FEPS President Maria João Rodrigues at the 2024 Understanding China Conference
03/12/2024
Joint statement by the Friends of the Western Balkans (FoWB) 
15/11/2024
Ahead of G20, FEPS president at the T20 and C20 Summit 2024
07/11/2024
US election results
Reaction by FEPS Secretary General
Find all related in the media
In the media
Study: EU needs a clear strategy for digital independence
by Europe.Table 09/12/2024
Read the coverage of our policy study 'Time to build a European digital ecosystem', in which experts call for the development of a European digital industrial policy.
Europe needs to have its own criteria to assess relationship with China
by Global Times 04/12/2024
Read this interview with FEPS President Maria João Rodrigues, as she delves into the intricate relationship between Europe and China, highlighting the opportunities a global partnership could create to improve global governance.
Record number of foreign attendees attend 2024 Understanding China Conference
by Global Times 03/12/2024
Read this Global Times article featuring an interview with FEPS President Maria João Rodrigues, where she emphasises the need to explore diverse pathways for the China-Europe relationship, moving beyond systemic rivalry
Migration in Europe: Planning for tomorrow’s crises
by Voxeurop 03/12/2024
This article explores a vital question: What direction will Europe's migration policy take in the future? It draws on insights from FEPS policy study, 'Meeting the challenges from the populist right', presenting alternative strategies to address migration crises without mirroring the far right’s divisive tactics.
Post navigation
Sitemap
Newsletter
Themes
FEPS Logo
Search
About
Member Area
Contact

Foundation for European Progressive Studies
Avenue des Arts - 46, 1000 Bruxelles
+32 223 46 900 - info@feps-europe.eu
communication@feps-europe.eu


Legal
 
Disclaimer
 
Privacy Policy
© 2025 FEPS-EUROPE. All Rights Reserved.
REG 490049891801-93
Amofordesign
This website uses cookies. Some cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of the website and cannot be refused if you wish to visit the website.
Other cookies are used for Advertisement and Analytics (Sharing on social networks, video playing, analysis and statistics, personalized advertising ...) You can refuse them if you want to.

REJECT
ACCEPT
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://feps-europe.eu/newsletter/feps-newsletter-24-may-2024-%F0%9F%8F%A0-housing-crisis-and-social-europe/ 
 ----- 
