VAT

 
 
0
 
Toggle navigation
SPORTS NEWS AND BLOG CRICKET A GUIDE TO THE MEN'S T20 WORLD CUP 2024
BLOG
24 MAY 2024
A Guide to the Men's T20 World Cup 2024
Cricket
three minutes
What a year we have ahead of us, not only are we lucky enough to have the Euro’s, the Olympics, the Paralympics and the Women’s Rugby World Cup coming up, we also have the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup on the horizon!

The Men’s Twenty20 World Cup kicks off in just a matter of days, and here at Keith Prowse we can’t wait to see cricket hit the big screens once again. Taking place every two (or so) years, and now in its ninth edition, it’s scheduled to be co-hosted by the West Indies and the United States.

Consisting of 20 different nations from around the world, the tournament will be formatted with a group stage, super 8’s and a knockout stage. First held in 2007 in South Africa the tournament was won by the unbelievable cricketing force than is India, who beat Pakistan in the final.
Who are the previous Men’s T20 World Cup Winners?
2007 – India
2009 – Pakistan
2010 – England
2012 – West Indies
2014 – Sri Lanka
2016 – West Indies
2021 – Australia

Then finally on to 2022, and it was England (c’mon) who secured their second T20I title, after they beat Pakistan in front of over 100,000 cricket fans at the MCG Melbourne on Australian soil. After securing a 5-wicket win, England became the first even men’s team to hold both the T20 and ODI World Cups simultaneously and they will be looking to defend their title fiercely in the upcoming 2024 edition. Speaking of which, let’s take a look at a few of the finer details…

What venues are hosting the Men’s T20 World Cup matches?
Three from the USA: Florida (Central Broward Park & Broward County Stadium), New York (Nassau County International Cricket Stadium) and Texas (Grand Prairie Stadium).

Six from the Caribbean: Antigua & Barbuda (Sir Vivian Richards Stadium), Barbados (Kensington Oval), Guyana (Guyana National Stadium), Saint Lucia (Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium), St. Vincent & the Grenadines (Arnos Vale Playing Field) and Trinidad & Tobago (Brian Lara Cricket Academy).

Who is competing in the 2024 Men’s T20 World Cup?
As mentioned above, the tournament will host 20 different nations, these nations will then be split into four groups for the opening part of the tournament, which are as follows:

Group A – Canada, India, Ireland, Pakistan, USA
Group B – Australia, England, Namibia Oman, Scotland
Group C – Afghanistan, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Uganda, West Indies
Group D – Bangladesh, Nepal, Netherlands, South Africa, Sri Lanka

Key games to watch out for
There will of course be some key matches to look out for, and we think these are the matches you won’t want to miss in the group stages:

Group A – India v Pakistan
Group B – England v Australia
Group C – New Zealand v West Indies
Group D – Bangladesh v South Africa, South Africa v Sri Lanka Bangladesh v Sri Lanka

Going into the World Cup, the Men’s T20 World Rankings are as follows; India, Australia, England, South Africa, The West Indies and Pakistan to name the top 7.

Key players to watch out for
Let’s take a closer look at some of the players who are ranked the highest going into the T20I Men’s World Cup.

Batting rankings
In top spot, we have India’s Suryakumar Yadav, followed closely by England’s Phil Salt, and Pakistan’s Mohammad Rizwan and Babar Azam.

Bowler rankings
Coming in at No.1 here we have England’s Adil Rashid, followed Wanindu Hasaranga from Sri Lanka, Akeal Hosein from the West Indies and Axar Patel from India.

All-rounder rankings
Moving on to the all-rounder rankings and we have Shakib Al Hasan from Bangladesh in the top spot, followed by Wanindu Hasaranga from Sri Lanka, Mohammad Nabi from Afghanistan and Aiden Markram from South Africa.

Please note all information referring to rankings, was accurate at the time of publishing (May 2024).

I think it’s safe to say we have a jam-packed few weeks ahead of us, can England retain their T20I title? Can they redeem themselves following on from the recent ODI World Cup mishap? Only time will tell. If you want to see England in action this summer on home soil, then look no further. We have some epic head-to-heads lined up across Edgbaston Stadium, The Kia Oval and Lord’s - find out more here.

SHARE
Close
Share Article:
SUBSCRIBE
Close
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive early-bird notifications, special offers and content updates of interest to you
Submit email to subscribe *
 
Related Articles
09 DEC 24
Player In The Spotlight: Joe Root
In this Player in the Spotlight piece, we're looking at one of England's greatest modern-day greats of the game: Joe Root.
READ MORE
three minutes
BLOG
06 NOV 24
England's Record Breakers
We're digging deep into the cricket archives to uncover some of the most iconic players and record-breaking moments in English cricket.
READ MORE
three minutes
BLOG
27 NOV 24
2025 T20 Domestic Cricket Fixtures: Now On Sale
We are now on sale with our VIP experiences for the 2025 Vitality T20 Blast domestic fixtures at Edgbaston and The Kia Oval.
READ MORE
one minute
NEWS
   

Connect with us

SUBSCRIBE

Receive our newsletter

SHARE

Email to a friend

Subscribe to our newsletter
Follow us
    
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Cookie Policy
Sitemap
About us
Jobs
FAQs
Contact Us
Version: 1234 © 2025

Compass Group

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookie Policy

Accept All Cookies
Reject All
Cookies Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.keithprowse.co.uk/news-and-blog/cricket/2024/05/a-guide-to-the-mens-t20-world-cup-2024/ 
 ----- 
