Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Pakistan vs England match in ODI Cricket World Cup 2023: TV channel, telecast and live stream details

RITABRATA BANERJEE

10 November, 2023
•
9:55 pm UTC

Pakistan are all set to lock horns against England in their final league stage match in the 2023 Cricket World Cup on Saturday at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata

It is not just a must-win game for the Men in Green but they also must ensure they win the tie in a convincing manner

MORE: Full Cricket World Cup 2023 fixtures & results | Bet on CWC 2023 matches here!

The Babar Azam-led side have to register a 287-run win over the English side if they bat first or have to chase down any total put up by England by 2.3 overs if they want to qualify for the semis

An improbable task is on their hand but Pakistan would believe they can make the impossible, possible in Kolkata on Saturday.

When is PAK vs ENG CWC 2023 match?

The ICC World Cup 2023 game between Pakistan and England will be played on Saturday, November 11, 2023. 

Where is PAK vs ENG being played?

The match between Pakistan and England will be played at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru.

What time does PAK vs ENG start?

The ICC ODI World Cup 2023 game between Pakistan and England is scheduled to kickstart at 10:30 IST (+5:30 GMT).

Which TV channel in India will telecast PAK vs ENG?

Star Sports Network has acquired the rights to broadcast the ICC ODI World Cup 2023. The Pakistan vs England match of the ODI World Cup will be broadcasted live in multiple languages (English, Hindi, and Vernacular) across the Star Sports Network. 

Country	TV channels
India	Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD, Star Sports 2, Star Sports 2 HD, Star Sports 1 Hindi HD, Star Sports 1 Kannada HD, Star Sports 1 Tamil HD, Star Sports 1 Telugu HD, Star Sports Select 2 HD (English)
Where will PAK vs ENG be live streamed?

The live streaming of the game between Pakistan and England will be on Disney+ Hotstar. All the mobile users would be able to view the World Cup clash involving the hosts for free of cost on the Disney+ Hotstar mobile app.

Country	Live stream
India	Disney+ Hotstar
Who will win PAK vs ENG?

According to the Dafabet, the following are the odds for this Cricket World Cup 2023 match.

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here

You can also play Dafabet's CWC 2023 predictor game, and win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes, by clicking here!

RITABRATA BANERJEE

Ritabrata Banerjee is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/watch-pak-eng-tv-telecast-live-stream-cricket-world-cup-2023-match/f3bd687dd5418b4126c28b9f 
 ----- 
