SA vs USA
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Blog
Commentary
Stats
Overs
Table
News
Videos
Photos
RESULT
41st Match, Super Eights, Group 2, North Sound, June 19, 2024, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
SA
194/4
USA
(20 ov, T:195) 176/6

South Africa won by 18 runs

Powered by Smart Stats
Win Probability
SA 100%
USA 0.00%
SA
USA
100%
50%
100%
SA Innings
USA Innings

Over 20 • USA 176/6

South Africa won by 18 runs
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Blog
Commentary
Stats
Overs
Table
News
Videos
Photos
PREVIEW
Unbeaten South Africa in front as USA hope for more magic

Both teams will be looking forward to playing in North Sound after batting was a struggle in the games in America

Ashish Pant
18-Jun-2024
1:39

Fleming on USA: 'A generation of young players will be inspired'

Match details

USA vs South Africa
Super Eight, North Sound, June 19, 10.30am local time

Big picture - Can USA slay another giant?

It's Super Eight time.

Before the start of the T20 World Cup 2024, the ICC had allotted pre-decided seedings to the eight top teams. A2 was given to Pakistan. The match timings were set according to what would be prime time in Pakistan and the rest of the subcontinent. But then a USA-sized blow hit Pakistan in their very first match and the tournament hasn't been the same since.

So USA, in their first T20 World Cup appearance, are now A2, and will kickstart the Super Eight stage against South Africa. As both teams head over to North Sound in Antigua - USA aren't quite at home anymore, note - they would hope for two things: better batting conditions and no rain.

RELATED

Nortje: 'It was my decision to play when I can and am ready, rather than playing every series'

Stats - It's been a bowlers' World Cup, but that might change now

USA coach Stuart Law: 'We're a family, and we fight hard for each other, which is what great teams do'

South Africa hold their nerve (for a change)

South Africa are entering the Super Eight stage with an all-win record. But after their win over Sri Lanka in the first game, the rest could have gone either way. They found themselves at 12 for 4 chasing 104 against Netherlands, only scored 113 for 6 and won by four runs against Bangladesh, and scraped through by a solitary run against Nepal.

South Africa have lost 11 wickets and are averaging a mere 9.63 in the powerplay this World Cup - the third-lowest behind Uganda and Papua New Guinea. And none of their top-order batters have a strike rate of 100 in the first six overs.

Having said that, South Africa played three of their four games in New York, where batting conditions were far from ideal. And in hopefully better conditions in North Sound, they will hope the top order can finally flex their muscles.

USA, in foreign shores after playing 12 straight home games (of which two were abandoned), will hope for the fairy tale to continue. They showed their batting muscle in the opening game against Canada, and then restricted Pakistan to a middling total in the second game. Even against India, they had the opposition top order in a bit of early strife.

The likes of Aaron Jones, Saurabh Netravalkar and Monank Patel have shown they belong to this level of cricket. Now for them to give it another tilt and try to take another Full Member down.

Saurabh Netravalkar sent back Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma in his first two overs against India•AFP/Getty Images

Form guide

USA LWWLW (last five matches, most recent first)
South AfricaWWWWL

In the spotlight - Saurabh Netravalkar and Anrich Nortje

Left-arm quick Saurabh Netravalkar has been a star for USA in the powerplay, where he's picked up three wickets and gone at an economy of 4.57. He's found swing and shape consistently and even accounted for the likes of Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma already. Coder by day, fast bowler by night, he has had to extend his leave at his day job by a few more weeks and will want to make it count against a South Africa top order that is struggling for form.

Anrich Nortje had a forgettable IPL 2024, where he picked up just seven wickets in six games and went at 13.36. But, he's hit his straps from the get-go at the T20 World Cup. He's bowled with pace, he's been accurate, and, more importantly, has picked up wickets. After four games, Nortje is the joint-second-highest wicket-taker in the tournament with nine wickets, and has bowled at an economy of just 4.37. His bustling pace might be useful against the USA batters who might not have faced such high speeds too often.

2:53

Can South Africa find space for both Shamsi and Maharaj?

Team news - Shamsi or Maharaj, or both?

USA's last group game in Lauderhill was abandoned without a ball bowled. Before that, they played India, where Monank Patel, their regular captain, missed out because of a shoulder injury. He is likely to come back into the team replacing Shayan Jahangir at the top. Depending on the conditions, there is also a chance USA could slot in left-arm spinner Nosthush Kenjige in place of fast bowler Shadley van Schalkwyk.

USA (probable): 1 Steven Taylor, 2 Monank Patel (capt), 3 Andries Gous (wk), 4 Nitish Kumar, 5 Aaron Jones, 6 Corey Anderson, 7 Harmeet Singh, 8 Shadley van Schalkwyk/Nosthush Kenjige, 9 Jasdeep Singh, 10 Saurabh Netravalkar, 11 Ali Khan

South Africa brought in Tabraiz Shamsi for Keshav Maharaj in their last group game, and that could be the only selection they spend time on for this game. While Shamsi got four wickets against Nepal, Maharaj has performed consistently.

South Africa (probable): 1 Quinton de Kock (wk), 2 Reeza Hendricks, 3 Aiden Markram (capt), 4 Tristan Stubbs, 5 Heinrich Klaasen, 6 David Miller, 7 Marco Jansen, 8 Tabraiz Shamsi/Keshav Maharaj, 9 Kagiso Rabada, 10 Ottneil Baartman, 11 Anrich Nortje

Pitch and conditions

It is expected to be an overcast morning in North Sound, but there is no rain forecast in the area on Wednesday. The teams batting second have won three out of four games here, with the surface good for batting. At the World Cup, Australia and England blew Namibia and Oman away respectively, but Oman hit up 150 against Scotland, which was chased down in 13.1 overs, and the rain-hit England vs Namibia game had 206 runs in 20 overs.

Stats that matter
Nortje has picked up eight wickets in the middle phase, the second-highest after Adam Zampa's nine
USA have the highest run rate against spin of all the teams in the tournament - 11.04; Jones has been striking at 263.33 against spinners in the World Cup 2024 (80 off 30 balls)
South Africa have the second-best death-overs economy in this tournament - 5.27
This will be the first T20I between the two sides

Quotes

"Still striving for that close to perfect game. I thought our bowlers so far throughout the comp have been really good for us and potentially bailed us out of jail once or twice. But it's understandably so. Conditions have been quite tough for us with the bat. It's a fresh start for us. Specifically, if you speak as a batting group, we get the chance to get to new conditions, hopefully slightly more batting friendly for us, and a good time for us to start peaking and finding some form moving forward in the competition."
South Africa captain Aiden Markram hopes for better batting conditions in West Indies

"Myself, and Steven [Taylor], we have a lot of support in the Caribbean So we'll definitely have some support tomorrow for sure as it relates to the whole team. I think a few people from USA actually flew to the Caribbean to support us. So, it's really good but that's no face for us. We just want to play hard cricket regardless of the situation."
Aaron Jones is expecting good support for USA in Antigua

United States of America
South Africa
South Africa vs U.S.A.
ICC Men's T20 World Cup

Ashish Pant is a sub-editor with ESPNcricinfo

Download the 
Android
 and 
iOS
 apps for a better experience.
Get latest cricket updates on WhatsApp
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Interest-Based Ads
|
EU Privacy Rights
|
Cookie Policy
|
Feedback
|
Manage Privacy Preferences
|
© 2025 ESPN Sports Media Ltd. All rights reserved
Home
Matches
Series
Videos
News
 

Your Privacy Settings
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. We work with 873 partners. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time through the “Manage Privacy Preferences” link on each page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. For additional information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to:

Store and/or access information on a device. Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
Continue without Accepting
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/icc-men-s-t20-world-cup-2024-1411166/south-africa-vs-united-states-of-america-41st-match-super-eights-group-2-1415741/match-preview 
 ----- 
