Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
20 arrested for looting as wildfires rip through Los Angeles
MLB
Padres-Dodgers Game 2 delayed after fans hurl objects onto field in bizarre scene
By Christian Arnold
Published Oct. 7, 2024, 12:41 a.m. ET
75

Things got ugly at Dodger Stadium on Sunday in Game 2 of the NLDS between the Dodgers and Padres, beyond just the beating San Diego put on Los Angeles on the field.

Dodger fans started hurling objects in the direction of Padres outfielders Jurickson Profar and Fernando Tatis Jr. before the bottom of the seventh inning. 

First, fans started throwing baseballs in the direction of Profar in left field, which infuriated him.

He needed to be held back by his teammates until he could calm down. 

Profar could be seen having a very animated conversation with the umpire as well.

The stadium’s public address announcer made an announcement telling fans not to throw objects on the field.

3
Jurickson Profar reacts after objects were thrown at him during the Padres-Dodgers game on Oct. 6, 2024.
AP

LA fans then started throwing trash into right field, near where Tatis was standing. 

ESPN reported that there had been “close to 20 security guards standing along the foul lines” as order was attempted to be restored inside the stadium. 

Stadium security attempted to identify who the troublemakers were, according to KTLA, and the delay in the action lasted roughly 12 minutes. 

3
The Padres-Dodgers game was paused after fans threw objects ont he field on Oct. 6, 2024.
AP

Profar and Tatis both spent moments of the game interacting with the fans as well. 

In the bottom of the first inning, Profar robbed Mookie Betts of a home run by reaching into the stands to make the catch in left field. 

Profar stared down some of the fans while Betts rounded the bases thinking he had a home run, only for Profar to reveal that he did indeed make the grab. 

3
Jurickson Profar reacts after objects were thrown at him during the Padres-Dodgers game on Oct. 6, 2024.
Getty Images
75

What do you think? Post a comment.

Tatis also homered earlier in the game and could be seen fully embracing the boos from Dodgers fans as he danced around in right field. 

The Padres evened up the series at 1-1 with a 10-2 win over the Dodgers.

FILED UNDER LOS ANGELES DODGERS  MLB PLAYOFFS  SAN DIEGO PADRES  10/7/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
The Horrific LA Wildfire Photos Are Truly Hard To Stomach
NYPost.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/07/sports/padres-dodgers-game-2-delayed-after-fans-hurl-objects-onto-field/ 
 ----- 
