Toggle navigation
AllAfrica
My Account
English
(current)
En Français
SOCCER
Section Home
Top Headlines
News Sources
Soccer News Sources
Headlines from The Point, Banjul
The Point (Banjul)

Independent Gambian newspaper.

Website: http://thepoint.gm/

Pages:
1
2
3
4
5
6
›
»
DECEMBER 18

Gambia: IFK Göteborg Sign Imam Jagne

Swedish Allsvenskan side IFK Göteborg have signed Gambian player Imam Jagne on a four-year contract. Read more »

DECEMBER 11

Gambia: Brikama Nawettan Knock Out Final Slated for December 26th

The 2024\2025 Brikama 'nawettan' knock out final is set for Thursday 26th December 2024 at the Brikama Box Bar Mini Stadium at 4.30pm. Read more »

Gambia: Women's League Division 1, 2 Begin Friday

The 2024\2025 Gambia Football Federation (GFF) Women's League Division One and Two matches are set to begin on Friday 13th December 2024 across venues in the Greater Banjul Area… Read more »

NOVEMBER 13

Gambia/Comoros: Scorpions Start Training Ahead of Comoros Match

The Gambia senior national team yesterday started intensive training prior to their 2025 Total Energies Africa Cup of Nations qualifier match at home to Comoros Islands on Friday… Read more »

NOVEMBER 05

Gambia: Mayor Bensouda Donates Football Items to Tankong Kunda FC

The Mayor of Kanifing Talib Ahmad Bensouda recently donated two sets of jerseys, two balls and two socks to Tankong Kunda Football Club in the Central River Region North. Read more »

Gambia: Luneburg Humiliate Wateva to Reach Bakau Knock Out Final

Luneburg on Saturday hammered Wateva FC 4-1 in their semi-final match played at the Bakau Mini Stadium to reach the 2024 Unique Group sponsored-Bakau Sports Committee (BSC)… Read more »

OCTOBER 22

Gambia: GFF Domestic League Commences Next Month

The 2024-2025 Gambia Football Federation (GFF) Domestic League season is set to begin next month following the conclusion of the GFF Club Management Meeting at the National… Read more »

SEPTEMBER 26

Gambia: Tungina FC, Black Star FC to Play in Bell Football Tournament Final

The ongoing Bell Football Tournament is approaching its climax as the Black Star FC and Tungina FC will clash in the final following their semifinal victories. Read more »

Gambia: Hon. Bah Donates D60, 000 to Support Banjul North Nawettan Teams

Hon. Momodou Lamin Bah, National Assembly for Banjul North Constituency on Friday 20 September, donated D60,000 to support Nawettan teams in Banjul North held at the Arch 22,… Read more »

SEPTEMBER 23

Gambia: National Assembly Ratifies Gambia's Hosting of Wafu Zone a Headquarters

The National Assembly on Tuesday unanimously ratified the agreement between the Government of The Gambia through the Ministry of Youths & Sports and the West African Football… Read more »

Gambia: Citizen FC, Makasutu FC 2nd Triumph in Brikama Nawettan

Citizen FC defeated DD FC 2-0 in very exciting game played at Brikama Box Baa Mini Stadium in the ongoing Brikama nawettan on Thursday. Read more »

SEPTEMBER 19

Gambia/Senegal: Gambia Entertains Senegal in Wafu Zone a U-20 Tournament Today

The Gambia will today, Thursday, 19th September 2024 entertain Senegal in the 2024 WAFU Zone A U-20 football tournament at the Samuel K. Doe Sports Stadium in Monrovia at 4pm. Read more »

Gambia: Rangers, Wullinkama Secure Places in Brufut Nawettan Round of 16

Rangers FC and Wullimkama FC have both secured their places in the round of 16 of the on-going Brufut Youth and Sports Development Committee nawettan after winning their third and… Read more »

Gambia: Bell Bottling Company Holds Draw for Football Tourney

The Chief of Kombo East, Bakary Sanyang has presided over the draw for the second edition of Bell Bottling Company football tournament at the Kuloro Football Field. He also… Read more »

SEPTEMBER 06

Tunisia/Gambia: Gambia to Host Tunisia in Must Win Afcon Qualifier Tie Sunday

The Gambia will on Sunday 8th September 2024 host Tunisia in a must win match of the 2025 Total Energies Africa Cup of Nations qualifier at the Stade El Abdi Jadida in Morocco at… Read more »

SEPTEMBER 05

Comoros/Gambia: Afcon Qualifiers - Musa Barrow Salvages Point for Gambia Against Comoros

Captain Musa Barrow has salvaged a point for The Gambia against Comoros Islands in the 2025 Total Energies Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers. Read more »

SEPTEMBER 02

Gambia: U-20 Continue Preparations Ahead of Wafu U-20 Tournament

The Gambia U-20 team continued their technical preparations ahead of the forthcoming WAFU U-20 tournament with a dominant 3-0 win over the League Selection team on Saturday at the… Read more »

AUGUST 19

Gambia/Comoros: Gambia, Comoros 2025 Afcon Qualifier Appetizer Set for September 4

The Gambia and Comoros Islands 2025 Total Energies Africa Cup of Nations qualifier opening match is slated for Wednesday 4th September 2024 at the Stade El Abdi at 3pm. Read more »

AUGUST 07

Gambia: Dutokoto FC, Chuma FC Snatch Spots in Sukuta Nawettan Proper

Dutokoto FC and Chuma FC have both secured their places in the 2024 Sukuta Sports Committee (SSC) 'nawettan' proper after winning their qualifier play-off matches played at the… Read more »

Sierra Leone/Gambia: Freetown Super Stars to Play Against Blaness in Gunjur Rainy Season Qualifiers

Freetown Super Stars FC will today, Wednesday, 7th August 2024 play against Blaness FC in the 2024 Gunjur 'nawettan' qualifier match at the Gunjur Upper Basic School Football Field… Read more »

Gambia: Gambia U-20 to Rub Shoulders With Team Rhino in Warm Up Clash

The Gambia U-20 team will lock horns with Team Rhino in a friendly match slated for Wednesday 14th August 2024 at the Late Ousman Saho Football Field in Old Yundum at 7pm, as the… Read more »

Gambia: Red Scorpions Suffer Back-to-Back Defeats in CAF Women's Champions League

Red Scorpions FC have suffered back-to-back defeats in the ongoing WAFU Zone A Women's CAF Champion's League qualifiers. Read more »

JULY 25

Gambia: TMT FC Hold Award Ceremony, Fun Day Outing

TMT Female Football Club over the weekend held award ceremony and fun day outing for its players and officials at the Sunset Hotel. Read more »

JUNE 03

Gambia: Musa Joof Fires Gunjur Utd to Victory Over Hart FC in 2nd Division

Prolific striker Musa Joof has fired Gunjur United to a slender win over Hart FC in the 2023-2024 Gambia Football Federation (GFF) Division Two League campaign. Read more »

MAY 21

Gambia: Hart FC, Gunjur Utd Clash Postponed After Match Officials Involvement in Accident

The 2023-2024 Gambia Football Federation (GFF) Division Two League match between Hart FC and Gunjur United has been postponed after the match official's involvement in an accident… Read more »

Pages:
1
2
3
4
5
6
›
»
STORIES
Sport
INFOCUS
Sport
SOCCER
Nigerian Striker Lookman Wins Africa Player Of The Year Award
More Than 50 Killed in Guinea Stampede
Afcon 2025 - More Countries Secure Tickets for Morocco
Nigeria-Libya Row Ends in 3 Points for Super Eagles
African Teams Face Off In Another Round Of Afcon 2025 Qualifiers
FOLLOW ALLAFRICA

AllAfrica publishes around 600 reports a day from more than 110 news organizations and over 500 other institutions and individuals, representing a diversity of positions on every topic. We publish news and views ranging from vigorous opponents of governments to government publications and spokespersons. Publishers named above each report are responsible for their own content, which AllAfrica does not have the legal right to edit or correct.

Articles and commentaries that identify allAfrica.com as the publisher are produced or commissioned by AllAfrica. To address comments or complaints, please Contact us.

AllAfrica is a voice of, by and about Africa - aggregating, producing and distributing 600 news and information items daily from over 110 African news organizations and our own reporters to an African and global public. We operate from Cape Town, Dakar, Abuja, Johannesburg, Nairobi and Washington DC.

SUPPORT OUR WORK
 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
FOR ADVERTISERS
SUBSCRIBE
© 2024 AllAfrica Privacy Policy Contact Us
AllAfrica - All the Time
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://allafrica.com/list/aans/post/af/cat/soccer/pubkey/publisher:editorial:00010296.html 
 ----- 
