Business Live
Business Live
	
	
	
	
 SPORT / SOCCER
Libya held to draw by Rwanda in Africa Cup of Nations qualifier
National teams of Libya and Rwanda draw 1-1 in Afcon 2025 group match
04 SEPTEMBER 2024 - 22:23
by MARK GLEESON
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now
Picture: 123RF / SOMKKU9KANOKWAN

Libya played a first international match in their capital for more than a decade on Wednesday but were held to a surprise 1-1 draw by Rwanda at the start of the group phase of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.

Fullback Sobi Al Dawi put the home side ahead in the first half as Libya returned to the refurbished stadium in Tripoli for the first time since August 2013.

But hopes of a celebratory return, and three points in Group D, were spoilt by Innocent Nshuti’s equaliser in the 51st minute.

The 45,000-capacity venue, once a stronghold for Libya, was less than half-full and supporters chanted angrily in reaction to the draw at the final whistle.

There were four matches on the opening day of the group phase qualifiers but only Sudan emerged winners.

Winger Abo Eisa, who played for several clubs in Leagues One and Two in England before a recent move to Thailand, netted the only goal for the Sudanese in a 1-0 victory over Niger in Group F.

The match was played in Juba in neighbouring South Sudan because of the civil war in Sudan.

The Comoros Islands are another of 18 African countries who cannot host international matches at home until they upgrade their stadiums. They took on Gambia in El Jadida, Morocco instead and went ahead when Youssouf Mchangama scored from a 37th-minute free kick.

But on the stroke of halftime, Gambia’s Musa Barrow replied with an even better set-piece, expertly bending it wide of the wall and the goalkeeper to earn a draw in the Group A match.

In Dar-es-Salaam, Tanzania were held to a goalless draw by Ethiopia in Group H’s opening match.

It took two years to renovate Tripoli’s stadium, which had been damaged and was run down in the wake of the civil strife in the country after the overthrow of longtime ruler Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.

For almost eight years, Libya were banned from hosting international matches because of the civil conflict. But from 2021 they have been able to play in their second city, Benghazi.

The Tripoli stadium has dropped its former name of June 11 Stadium, which was the date US military left the base they used in Libya in 1970, about six months after Gaddafi came to power.

The venue was used to host the 1982 Africa Cup of Nations final, where Libya lost on penalties to Ghana.

The qualifiers for the 2025 finals, to be held in Morocco, continue on Thursday with seven more matches, including home ties for former African champions Algeria, Ghana and Tunisia.

Reuters

Next Article
Support our award-winning journalism.
The Premium package (digital only) is R30 for the first month and thereafter you pay R129 p/m now ad-free for all subscribers.
Subscribe now

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

Subscribe now for an ad-free experience.
Support independent journalism.
Subscribe now
MOST READ
1.
David Miller makes strong case for staying in ...
SPORT / CRICKET
2.
FREE TO READ | South Africans love a lesser-known ...
SPORT
3.
Sinner crowns outstanding season with ATP Finals ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
4.
Rookie Johnston bags Australian Open as Shin ...
SPORT / OTHER SPORT
5.
Boks set for All Blacks’ garden of Eden
SPORT / RUGBY
Related Articles
Broos says Tau not mentally ready for Uganda and South Sudan games
 SPORT / SOCCER
Big names missing from Bafana squad for Afcon qualifiers
 SPORT / SOCCER
Afcon 2025 qualifiers: Bafana in group K against Uganda, DRC and South Sudan
 SPORT / SOCCER

Published by Arena Holdings and distributed with the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of every month except December and January.

Politics
National
Education
Health
Labour
Media
Science & Environment
World
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
Sport
Cricket
Other Sport
Rugby
Soccer
Companies
Energy
Financial Services
Healthcare
Industrials
Innovation
Land & Agriculture
Management
Mining
Property
Retail & Consumer
Telecoms & Technology
Trade & Industry
Transport & Tourism
Markets Data
Markets
Markets Data
Business
Legal Notices
Economy
Opinion
Columnists
Editorials
Letters
Read More
About us
Contact us
Subscribe
FAQs
Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
Search
Careers and Tenders

© 2024 Arena Holdings. All rights reserved.

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.

© BusinessLIVE MMXXIV  

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.businesslive.co.za/bd/sport/soccer/2024-09-04-libya-held-to-draw-by-rwanda-in-africa-cup-of-nations-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
