Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
BASEBALL
EXPLAINER
Shohei Ohtani timeline: MLB star denies betting on baseball, accuses interpreter of stealing from him

Ohtan has accused his longtime interpreter and friend Ippei Mizuhara of stealing millions of dollars from the superstar’s bank account to cover gambling debts.

Updated March 26, 2024 at 8:35 p.m.
March 26, 2024
3 min read
Save

Shohei Ohtani, the pitching and hitting sensation for the Los Angeles Dodgers, has accused his longtime interpreter and friend Ippei Mizuhara of stealing millions of dollars from the superstar’s bank account to cover gambling debts.

Jae C. Hong AP
By Mark ColleyStaff Reporter

Baseball’s biggest, brightest and most exciting star — now embroiled in scandal.

Shohei Ohtani, the pitching and hitting sensation for the Los Angeles Dodgers, has accused his longtime interpreter and friend Ippei Mizuhara of stealing millions of dollars from the superstar’s bank account to cover gambling debts.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Mark Colley is a Toronto-based general assignment reporter for the Star. Reach him via email: mcolley@thestar.ca

Related Stories
I let myself believe in the magic of the Shohei Ohtani story. Now I’m heartbroken
Who is Shohei Ohtani? From his Blue Jays connection to his secret lifestyle, here’s everything you need to know
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
UNITED STATES
Trailblazing Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
2 days ago
GTA
‘This is just so heartbreaking’: Danforth community mourns well-known homeless woman who died over frigid weekend
6 hrs ago
BLUE JAYS
OPINION
Gregor Chisholm: The Blue Jays are back to the bad old days of scaring off top free agents. But for a different reason
15 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
21 hrs ago
HOME AND GARDEN
Two creative souls gutted their dark Roncesvalles home down to the studs. The result is a stunning shared vision
15 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
A plane is engulfed in flames after skidding off the runway in South Korea, killing at least 177
46 mins ago
BUSINESS
Donald Trump appears to side with Elon Musk and tech allies in debate over foreign workers, roiling his supporters
7 hrs ago
GTA
Environment Canada issues rainfall warning for Toronto and surrounding areas
10 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Sports
SPORTS
Croatian skier Zrinka Ljutic dominates 1st run of World Cup slalom on course set by her father
38 mins ago
Comments
CRICKET
South Africa collapses to 116-8 against Pakistan as fast bowler Abbas shines in 1st test
42 mins ago
Comments
LEAFS
OPINION
Rosie DiManno: The Great Eight-Sixty-Nine: Alex Ovechkin and the Capitals beat the Leafs at their own game
1 hr ago
Comments
RAPTORS
Raptors mailbag: On defence, three-pointers and Cooper Flagg
1 hr ago
Comments
SOCCER
Breakthroughs, starry transfers, scandal: For Jesse Marsch and the Canadian men’s soccer team, life in the fast lane has only just begun
1 hr ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/sports/baseball/shohei-ohtani-timeline-mlb-star-denies-betting-on-baseball-accuses-interpreter-of-stealing-from-him/article_01481a8a-eaaf-11ee-ac4c-8fe6f9213f29.html 
 ----- 
