Charlie's Diary
Being the blog of Charles Stross, author, and occasional guests ...

[ Home ] [ FAQ ] [ Contact me ] [ Older stuff ]

Back to: Harmless Fun | Forward to: The obligatory political thread

Is Microsoft trying to commit suicide?
By Charlie Stross

The breaking tech news this year has been the pervasive spread of "AI" (or rather, statistical modeling based on hidden layer neural networks) into everything. It's the latest hype bubble now that Cryptocurrencies are no longer the freshest sucker-bait in town, and the media (who these days are mostly stenographers recycling press releases) are screaming at every business in tech to add AI to their product.

Well, Apple and Intel and Microsoft were already in there, but evidently they weren't in there enough, so now we're into the silly season with Microsoft's announcement of CoPilot plus Recall, the product nobody wanted.

CoPilot+ is Microsoft's LLM-based add-on for Windows, sort of like 2000's Clippy the Talking Paperclip only with added hallucinations. Clippy was rule-based: a huge bundle of IF ... THEN statements hooked together like a 1980s Expert System to help users accomplish what Microsoft believed to be common tasks, but which turned out to be irritatingly unlike anything actual humans wanted to accomplish. Because CoPilot+ is purportedly trained on what users actually do, it looked plausible to someone in marketing at Microsoft that it could deliver on "help the users get stuff done". Unfortunately, human beings assume that LLMs are sentient and understand the questions they're asked, rather than being unthinking statistical models that cough up the highest probability answer-shaped object generated in response to any prompt, regardless of whether it's a truthful answer or not.

Anyway, CoPilot+ is also a play by Microsoft to sell Windows on ARM. Microsoft don't want to be entirely dependent on Intel, especially as Intel's share of the global microprocessor market is rapidly shrinking, so they've been trying to boost Windows on ARM to orbital velocity for a decade now. The new CoPilot+ branded PCs going on sale later this month are marketed as being suitable for AI (spot the sucker-bait there?) and have powerful new ARM processors from Qualcomm, which are pitched as "Macbook Air killers", largely because they're playing catch-up with Apple's M-series ARM-based processors in terms of processing power per watt and having an on-device coprocessor optimized for training neural networks.

Having built the hardware and the operating system Microsoft faces the inevitable question, why would a customer want this stuff? And being Microsoft, they took the first answer that bubbled up from their in-company echo chamber and pitched it at the market as a forced update to Windows 11. And the internet promptly exploded.

First, a word about Apple. Apple have been quietly adding AI features to macOS and iOS for the past several years. In fact, they got serious about AI in 2015, and every Apple Silicon processor they've released since 2016 has had a neural engine (an AI coprocessor) on board. Now that the older phones and laptops are hitting end of life, the most recent operating system releases are rolling out AI-based features. For example, there's on-device OCR for text embedded in any image. There's a language translation service for the OCR output, too. I can point my phone at a brochure or menu in a language I can't read, activate the camera, and immediately read a surprisingly good translation: this is an actually useful feature of AI. (The ability to tag all the photos in my Photos library with the names of people present in them, and to search for people, is likewise moderately useful: the jury is still out on the pet recognition, though.) So the Apple roll-out of AI has so far been uneventful and unobjectionable, with a focus on identifying things people want to do and making them easier.

Microsoft Recall is not that.

"Hey, wouldn't it be great if we could use AI in Windows to help our users see everything they've ever done on their computer?" Is a great pitch, and Recall kinda-sorta achieves this. But the implementation is soemthing rather different. Recall takes snapshots of all the windows on a Windows computer's screen (except the DRM'd media, because the MPAA must have their kilo of flesh) and saves them locally. The local part is good: the term for software that takes regular screenshots and saves them in the cloud is "part of a remote access trojan". It then OCRs any text in the images, and I believe also transcribes any speech, and saves the resulting output in an unencrypted SQLite database stored in:

C:\Users\$USER\AppData\Local\CoreAIPlatform.00\UKP{GUID}

And there are tools already out there to slurp through the database and see what's in it, such as TotalRecall.

Surprise! It turns out that the unencrypted database and the stored images may contain your user credentials and passwords. And other stuff. Got a porn habit? Congratulations, anyone with access to your user account can see what you've been seeing. Use a password manager like 1Password? Sorry, your 1Password passwords are probably visible via Recall, now.

Now, "unencrypted" is relative; the database is stored on a filesystem which should be encrypted using Microsoft's BitLocker. But anyone with credentials for your Microsoft account can decrypt it and poke around. Indeed, anyone with access to your PC, unlocked, has your entire world at their fingertips.

But this is an utter privacy shit-show. Victims of domestic abuse are at risk of their abuser trawling their PC for any signs that they're looking for help. Anyone who's fallen for a scam that gave criminals access to their PC is also completely at risk.

Worse: even if you don't use Recall, if you send an email or instant message to someone else who does then it will be OCRd and indexed via Recall: and preserved for posterity.
Now imagine the shit-show when this goes corporate.

And it turns out that Microsoft is pushing this feature into the latest update of Windows 11 for all compatible hardware and making it impossible to remove or disable, because that tactic has worked so well for them in the past at driving the uptake of new technologies that Microsoft wanted its ~~customers~~ victims to start using. Like, oh, Microsoft Internet Explorer back in 2001, and remember how well that worked out for them.

Suddenly every PC becomes a target for Discovery during legal proceedings. Lawyers can subpoena your Recall database and search it, no longer being limited to email but being able to search for terms that came up in Teams or Slack or Signal messages, and potentially verbally via Zoom or Skype if speech-to-text is included in Recall data.

It's a shit-show for any organization that handles medical records or has a duty of legal confidentiality; indeed, for any business that has to comply with GDPR (how does Recall handle the Right to be Forgotten? In a word: badly), or HIPAA in the US. This misfeature contravenes privacy law throughout the EU (and in the UK), and in healthcare organizations everywhere which has a medical right to privacy. About the only people whose privacy it doesn't infringe are the Hollywood studios and Netflix, which tells you something about the state of things.

Recall is already attracting the attention of data protection regulators; I suspect in its current form it's going to be dead on arrival, and those CoPilot+ PCs due to launch on June 18th are going to get a hurried overhaul. It's also going to be interesting to see what Apple does, or more importantly doesn't announce at WWDC next week, which is being trailed as the year when Apple goes all-in on AI.

More to the point, though, Windows Recall blows a hole under the waterline of Microsoft's trustworthiness. Microsoft "got serious" about security earlier this decade, around the time Steve Balmer stepped down as CEO, and managed to recover somwhat from having a reputation for taking a slapdash approach to its users data. But they've been going backwards since 2020, with dick moves like disabling auto-save to local files in Microsoft Word (your autosave data only autosaves to OneDrive), slurping all incoming email for accounts accessed via Microsoft Outlook into Microsoft's own cloud for AI training purposes (ask the Department of Justice how they feel about Microsoft potentially having access to the correspondence for all their investigations in progress), and now this. Recall undermines trust, and once an institution loses trust it's really hard to regain it.

Some commentators are snarking that Microsoft really really wants to make 2025 the year of Linux on the Desktop, and it's kind of hard to refute them right now.

Update (June 14th): Recall pulled from CoPilot+ release:

We are adjusting the release model for Recall to leverage the expertise of the Windows Insider community to ensure the experience meets our high standards for quality and security. This decision is rooted in our commitment to providing a trusted, secure and robust experience for all customers and to seek additional feedback prior to making the feature available to all Copilot+ PC users. Additionally, as we shared in our May 3 blog, security is our top priority at Microsoft, in line with our Secure Future Initiative (SFI). This is reflected in additional security protections we are providing for Recall content, including "just in time" decryption protected by Windows Hello Enhanced Sign-in Security (ESS), so Recall snapshots will only be decrypted and accessible when the user authenticates.

(Source: Microsoft.)

So the reverse-ferret maneuver took just 10 days. Not bad for a $3Tn corporation!

Posted by Charlie Stross at 10:23 on June 5, 2024 | Comments (1903)
1903 Comments
 Sean Eric Fagan | June 5, 2024 10:37
1:

I don't know why uSoft is trying to outdo HP in the Brand Destruction category, but here we are.

 James Turner | June 5, 2024 10:42
2:

It can be disabled - https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/windows/privacy-and-control-over-your-recall-experience-d404f672-7647-41e5-886c-a3c59680af15

You can turn on or off saving snapshots at any time by going to Settings > Privacy & security > Recall & snapshots. You can also pause snapshots temporarily by selecting the Recall icon in the system tray on your PC and selecting the pause option.

For enterprise customers, IT administrators can disable automatically saving snapshots using group policy or mobile device management policy. If a policy is used to disable saving snapshots, all saved snapshots from users' devices will be deleted, and device users can't enable saving snapshots. For more information, see Manage Recall."

 Moz replied to this comment from James Turner | June 5, 2024 11:03
3:

Disabling it on my machine is great. But as soon as I communicate with someone who still uses it everything is stored at their end.

 Mike Watts replied to this comment from Moz | June 5, 2024 11:24
4:

Only what you sent them is stored on their end, which is also stored on their end by virtue of you sending it to them, even without Recall being involved.

Microsoft has clearly absolutely fudged the announcement of this feature, and for the record I think it's a terrible feature, but you aren't at risk from it existing on anyone else's computer any more than you already are.

 Errolwi | June 5, 2024 11:29
5:

I believe there are already tools that can stealth-enable, overriding group policy. It obviously hasn't been designed with the security mindset.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Mike Watts | June 5, 2024 11:40
6:

Yes, absolutely!

As well as Email, Teams or Slack or Signal messages should already be available for discovery - it's the angry or messy draft messages that you type out and edit before refining and finally sending that are exposed more

I wonder if just keeping a small window pinned on top playing DRM movies is enough to defeat the system

 Tim H. | June 5, 2024 11:43
7:

I expect an update soon that makes it simple to disable that "Antifeature". Moz @#3 and Mike Watts @ #4, and it'll likely be insufficient in mitigating reputational damage.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Mike Watts | June 5, 2024 11:43
8:

Wrong: this basically provides a way for third parties to see what you've been discussing over e2ee channels.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 11:47
9:

Thereby creating the possibility of local "Right-Wing nuts" acquiring a list of folks who despise the local NAZI wannabe candidates for doxxing purposes.

 rst | June 5, 2024 11:49
10:

FWIW, reports from people who've gotten their hands on advance copies is that Recall can't be disabled at install time. It can be disabled later, but some have found the docs on how to do that a little obscure.

That and Microsoft making confident statements about access controls on the local machine that have turned out to be false (they said one user on the machine couldn't access another's screenshots), have contributed to the ... developing atmosphere of mistrust.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 5, 2024 11:51
11:

More to the point, this is the perfect way to cover for adding e2ee surveillance to Windows, as requested by police states everywhere (and the five eyes in particular). All they need to add is a mirror the SQLite database on a government-owned file store via OneDrive.

 Tier2Tech | June 5, 2024 11:57
12:

The "telemetry" that MS already collects is insane. I think this push is intended to offload much of the cost in processing and storage space to the device purchasers

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 12:06
13:

On a positive note, my first "Smartphone" was a Nokia running WinMobile 8*, it worked well enough that I once considered moving further into the M$ ecosystem. Fortunately, this was just before they shitcanned Windows Mobile, and I acquired a 2nd hand iPhone.

*Nearly as affordable as Android phones, nearly as house broke as iPhones and damned by it's owners as being forever #3.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from rst | June 5, 2024 12:13
14:

It is pretty well understood that 90-99% of Windows users don't know how to uninstall/customize their setup. Hell, 60-70% don't even know there are keyboard shortcuts for cut and paste, and about 40% don't realize copying stuff is something the computer can do for them.

Given the level of IT literacy among members of the public, not asking whether or not to install a feature at setup time means that 90% of PCs will have it enabled.

 Princejvstin replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 12:24
15:

That's a really solid point. It goes back to the whole thing about the browser wars and Microsoft saying "Well people can install a new browser and make it the default anytime they like" knowing full well that the vast majority of users couldn't or wouldn't take the time to do it.

(see also the new "hack" to remove AI results from Google searches)

 dwm | June 5, 2024 12:46
16:

Given the releases with Intel, AMD, NVidia, Qualcomm, etc. this seems like a coordinated effort between Microsoft and those hardware manufacturers to get everyone to chuck out their (perfectly functional) hardware and get everyone to buy more kit. Hence the CoPilot+-capable branding.

Microsoft probably like this because they have now ended free upgrades from Windows 10 to Windows 11, and so can exact an OS tax for everyone upgrading.

It's artificial carrot and stick, and the new carrot isn't needed. Recall has already been demonstrated to work perfectly happily on Azure VMs that don't even have NPUs, so it seems to my untutored eye to be mainly a power-efficiency thing rather than a hard requirement.

If Microsoft's goal was to get the features in front of people, then they'd just ship it for everyone.

So the motivation instead seems to be to ship more hardware and OS licenses. So far, so normal.

But this new carrot is rotten. And Microsoft, even having now realised the disastrous reception on security grounds, presumably can't easily back out because they've already signed agreements with various hardware manufacturers committing to this software rollout.

Time to see how good the regulators are.

 Greg Tingey | June 5, 2024 12:54
17:

update to Windoze11 - arrRRGGH!.
I am stuck with windoze - because Madam's work systems use it, but we ( & they too ) are sticking with 10....

MS Recall sounds like a more-than-total disaster ... how long do you give it before it produces a really major scandal? And/or kills someone?

Charlie @ 11
I NEVER, EVER use "One Drive" as a matter of principle ... & convenience - I store suff where I want it to go, how dare they?

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 13:00
18:

It is pretty well understood that 90-99% of Windows users don't know how to uninstall/customize their setup.

The Mac and Windows user base is being segregated into Biz (managed/MDM) users and "I'm in control" users. And the MDM folks will disable this at initial setup. Well just as soon as the MDM settings first load which will be immediately before or after first sign on. While the mortal end users doing their own thing will enable it by not knowing or caring that it can be turned off.

And this blog audience is way different than the average person. The entire TikTok debate in the US is basically pitting "I WANT MY TIKTOK and don't give a damn about your privacy notes. It will never hurt me." and security folks who are worried about China (and others down the road) slurping up personal data from TikTok viewers.

With a side rant about to make the "Out Of the Box" experience nice users setup a first account on Windows and Mac as an admin account. That they use for everything. Not comprehending the reasons for segregating admin and user things.

These computer are still too damn complicated for motals to understand. And getting worse in some ways instead of better.

Oh, the lawyers. In the US they are cheap. And terrible at managing their computers. And tend to have terrible security practices that are only addressed as cheaply as possible when forced.

 David L replied to this comment from dwm | June 5, 2024 13:05
19:

those hardware manufacturers to get everyone to chuck out their (perfectly functional) hardware and get everyone to buy more kit.

To be blunt, most Windows and Mac sales these days are laptops. And MOST Windows laptops that are purchased for home, school, and small businesses are crap and fall apart in 2 or 3 years. Literally fall apart. And even some of the better Windows business oriented systems are not much better.

So for these users they will be buying something new in 2 years or so anyway.

 David L | June 5, 2024 13:17
20:

Is Microsoft trying to commit suicide?

Actually no. But they are trying to avoid being the next:
Novel
Compaq
DEC
IBM
Yahoo (and the raft of similar)
AOL
MySpace
The seven dwarfs and/or the BUNCH


And so on.

 Ovid | June 5, 2024 13:17
21:

My prediction: even if users disable Recall, black hats around the world are going to see that silently re-enabling this is mission number one.

Next step: state-level actors are going to be spending their taxpayers hard-earned dollars on zero-day exploits so they can grab that Recall data.

Next step: targeting mid-level managers/bureaucrats around the world to get access to that now-enabled Recall feature and exfiltrating the SQLite database their information is stored in. These people have so many common "secrets" available and so much access to the day-to-day information of companies/governments that they're going to be a prime target.

For black hats Recall is going to be the goose that lays the golden eggs. For intelligence, it's both a gold mine (when they can acquire the databases) and a nightmare (when they have to defend against it).

If Recall can be silently enabled, exfiltrating the databases won't be too hard. This could seriously damage government and corporate security around the world.

Class action lawsuits against Microsoft to follow.

 Hieromech | June 5, 2024 13:28
22:

I couldn't be happier to find that my PC doesn't qualify for an upgrade to Windows 11. Though I wouldn't put it past them at this point to try and slip some updates to Windows 10 in before the end-of-support date.

Maybe it's time to start looking at Linux alternatives.

 paws4thot | June 5, 2024 13:32
23:

Mickeyshaft AI - Automatic Idiocy!

 Adrian Howard | June 5, 2024 13:33
24:

It's gonna be fascinating to see how this new feature rolling out clashes with GDPR in the EU and similar legislation elsewhere.

I would not want to be the DPO in an org where this was enabled (or, indeed, possible to enable).

 Mike Watts replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 13:46
25:

That's an entirely fair point that I hadn't quite considered.

As a teacher, I'm accessing sensitive data daily on a machine configured by my employer. I can't imagine a situation where anything I sent out to someone with Recall enabled could cause me an issue directly, but I can see how it could cause them a problem.

Even leaving aside end-to-end encryption, some of the things I wrote in this reply, reconsidered, deleted and re-wrote could easily have caused me trouble and I'd never in a million years consider stuff I'd written and then almost immediately deleted could cause me a problem!

I'm reasonably confident that my deliberate actions would be safe, but noodling in a blank document that's never saved? More scary.

 Kevin Marks replied to this comment from David L | June 5, 2024 13:48
26:

I think the MDM BOFH's are more likely to enable this as part of surveilling employees for the greater good, but then I remember the internal server minitrue.apple.com

 Sean Eric Fagan replied to this comment from Ovid | June 5, 2024 13:48
27:

The class action lawsuits are among the least of the future problems here -- gov't action is going to hurt. You'll have some government saying it must be enabled, and some governments saying it must not be enabled. And then you'll also probably have the US and EU where different parts of the gov'ts take different positions.

 Scott Sanford | June 5, 2024 14:03
28:

C:\Users\$USER\AppData\Local\CoreAIPlatform.00\UKP{GUID}

I assume that Win 11 gets cranky if someone has written something to check this directory daily and erase anything found there?

 David L replied to this comment from Kevin Marks | June 5, 2024 14:05
29:

I think the MDM BOFH's are more likely to enable this as part of surveilling employees for the greater good

As someone who has consulted for small businesses for decades, yes and no. It depends on the personality of the "owner" I've seen both sides.

As you move up the company size, mostly off. Due to outside lawyers telling them NO. Also their E&O insurance coverage. But with many companies fast growing or stable at 200 or fewer employees some low level tech will make a decision and the results pop up in a meeting a week or year later and things get heated. "WE ARE DOING WHAT?!?!?"

Larger companies know about the laws and have in house legal and compliance staff. That doesn't mean that individual silos don't do stupid things against company policy. Or that there is an issue with that 3 person office on the other side of an ocean. Mostly from ignorance that they should even check. Seen this up close also.

 Bo Lindbergh | June 5, 2024 14:10
30:

Now consider the synergy with this existing misfeature: OCR is reading watermark letters.

Yep, you'll be able to plant any suspicious text you want on anybody's Win11 system without them noticing at all.

 Damian | June 5, 2024 14:12
31:

The Office autosave thing on its own was pretty damn annoying. Apple has done stuff at least as annoying, but this is different. It sort of means that Windows PCs at home are no good for anything other than games, and even then you want a script to wipe the directory/SQLLite file mentioned every so often. Work computers in a MOE are probably okay, but still.

 David L replied to this comment from Damian | June 5, 2024 14:35
32:

Current macOS and for a few years now, will not let applications use the camera or microphone without explicit user approval. Admins can't enable this via MDM settings. They must be approved via a user check box.

 Matthew Bloch | June 5, 2024 14:40
33:

This isn't incompetence, it's (outrageous) kite-flying.

I think the strategy is this: MS see the data that big online providers gather on people, and they just can't force enough people to use Bing or Office365 or whatever where they might benefit from that continuous usage data. Windows users' offline data is staying stubbornly offline, and it's full of really juicy stuff!

So this feature turns every PC you pay for into a giant distributed data-gathering operation that Microsoft can tap into, very gradually.

Users get a stupid search box on day 1, but over the years they'll also get "exclusive benefits" from allowing limited API access to insurance providers, employers, advertisers etc. etc. And MS desperately want this data access to be the new normal, turning every Windows install into an ongoing revenue source.

They are seeing what they can get away with, and are happy to risk the reputational damage, even if they scrap it, or launch it in smaller markets or whatever. They can afford to be patient and work on people's tolerance.

Personally I already run a "decrapified" Windows with all kinds of major features turned off, and I'd expect this to be top of the list in future.

But Recall absolutely deserves shouting down now otherwise it'll become the most egregious betrayal of the "personal" computer.

 Damian replied to this comment from David L | June 5, 2024 14:47
34:

I guess at least biz Windows laptops come with a dinky little shutter for the camera. Of course MS have pushed out "hello" to encourage leaving it open.

But the autosave thing is still niggling. I guess Pages is available.

 David L replied to this comment from Damian | June 5, 2024 15:03
35:

autosave vs. Autorecover

Autosave was implemented to allow live editing between multiple people. Which is why it always goes to "the cloud". It would be nice if it could go to an SMB share but I can also see failures due to varying SMB implementations.

Autorecover saves your typing every few minutes to a local storage spot in case of a crash.

At least on a Mac. I have a Windows system to stand up today or tomorrow but can't check until then.

 paws4thot | June 5, 2024 15:16
36:

Meantime, my sister has a class in yoga (yes yoga) over Teams. I only mention this because of the subject.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 15:55
37:

Charlie Stross @ 14:

It is pretty well understood that 90-99% of Windows users don't know how to uninstall/customize their setup. Hell, 60-70% don't even know there are keyboard shortcuts for cut and paste, and about 40% don't realize copying stuff is something the computer can do for them.

Given the level of IT literacy among members of the public, not asking whether or not to install a feature at setup time means that 90% of PCs will have it enabled.

I wonder if this is somehow stratified by age? Would younger users who grew up with computers have more IT literacy? Will the percentage of people who understand these things go up as all us old people pass on?

I know that's not an answer to the threat, but I'm curious if it might be less of a threat to younger users?

 JohnS replied to this comment from dwm | June 5, 2024 16:01
38:

dwm @ 16:

Given the releases with Intel, AMD, NVidia, Qualcomm, etc. this seems like a coordinated effort between Microsoft and those hardware manufacturers to get everyone to chuck out their (perfectly functional) hardware and get everyone to buy more kit. Hence the CoPilot+-capable branding.

Microsoft probably like this because they have now ended free upgrades from Windows 10 to Windows 11, and so can exact an OS tax for everyone upgrading.

But IS going from Windoze10 to Windoze'Leven actually an upgrade? Seven to ten wasn't.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Hieromech | June 5, 2024 16:14
39:

Hieromech @ 22:

I couldn't be happier to find that my PC doesn't qualify for an upgrade to Windows 11. Though I wouldn't put it past them at this point to try and slip some updates to Windows 10 in before the end-of-support date. I'm happily running Windows 7 Professional on my Photoshop computer. This one is Windows 10 Home. It came that way; I didn't "upgrade" it.

Maybe it's time to start looking at Linux alternatives.

If you find one that will seamlessly run my legacy Windoze programs (mainly a few old games & Photoshop) let me know.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 5, 2024 16:25
40:

Autosave was implemented to allow live editing between multiple people.

Microsoft Word had Autosave/autorecover as far back at Word 5.1a for MacOS in 1988, to my knowledge. Word has always had autosave. It's nothing to do with live editing, and removing local autosave files is a travesty designed to force-sell OneDrive accounts to Word users.

 Greg Tingey | June 5, 2024 16:30
41:

David L @ 18
Close ... I will have to be careful, if I know/suspect the person on the "other end" is using Win11 ....

EVERYBODY ... According to the Boss, whom I showed this to ... The Professional Security people are shit-terrified of this already - she's seen IT warnings at her ( Tax-&-accountancy firm, remember ) workplace & all the serious players are attempting to take steps to head this fucking insanity off at the pass.

John Howard
Your point about GHDPR promises interesting & expensive lawsuits!

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from JohnS | June 5, 2024 16:33
42:

Would younger users who grew up with computers have more IT literacy?

They often have less literacy. There's a current fuss in academics teaching CS about how current/new students fundamentally don't understand directory structures, or computers in general -- they've grown up with smartphones and they're used to finding items like photos in a pile of images by swiping, not by structuring data hierarchically. If you get lucky they understand tagging, but the way modern UIs hide what's going on under the hood makes for an illiterate population.

 Retiring | June 5, 2024 16:53
43:

Microsoft had 72% of the OS market earlier this year. Only a few bougie companies use something different. They can afford to make some marketing mistakes. No suicide imminent.

And if you're using Windows as an OS, you are already subject to oodles of surveillance, from all kinds of perspectives. Can't imagine this will make things much less private, despite all the kerfuffle about it.

If you find one that will seamlessly run my legacy Windoze programs (mainly a few old games & Photoshop) let me know.

Well, exactly. This is how much normal people don't care about privacy. So long as they can run a few old games and some software they bought some time ago, anything is OK.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Retiring | June 5, 2024 16:58
44:

Microsoft has 72% of the OS market on what platform? Because they sure as hell don't have 72% of the smartphone market, the tablet market, or the embedded microcontroller market: they're laptops, desktop PCs, and a minority of tablets -- a sector which is just one small corner of computing these days.

It's like saying IBM have 72% of the mainframe market stitched up right now. Well yeah, and what's your point?

 Simon Bisson | June 5, 2024 16:59
45:

One point to the discovery issue: lawyers are already pulling Slack, Teams, and whatever data. They're not unaware of the tools used for business communication, they use them themselves. So they're grabbing browser histories, any system logs, all enterprise socials, and anything else they can think of.

So for that matter Recall is just an alternate search tool to the ones they're already using to concatenate and parse those terabytes of data they're already working with. It might make it a little easier to pinpoint things, but not that much.

eDiscovery tooling is a fascinating area, I wrote some whitepapers for a company that developed one package a decade or so ago, and they clearly had ex-black hat hackers working for them. The state of the art has only got better since then,,,

(As an aside I was at the launch of the Copilot+ PCs, and what's being described in the preview build that folk have activated is not what I was told the internals were. For one thing they were very clear as to the database being used and it wasn't SQLite. Instead it was a proper graph database.)

 Retiring replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 17:38
46:

they're laptops, desktop PCs, and a minority of tablets -- a sector which is just one small corner of computing these days.

Yep, desktop/laptop. And Microsoft's share of that sector is increasing. But business computing is still overwhelmingly keyboard & screen computers. Microsoft has nothing to worry about, yet.

Or maybe they do: the advent of something like Recall on phones. Voice interfaces combined with intimately accurate automated interpretation of what the user says. That could finally break the keyboard & screen stranglehold. But such interpretation depends on access to user context -- breaking the privacy silos.

 Unholyguy | June 5, 2024 17:43
47:

I don’t think they intend the data to be immediately useful, I think the intent is to gather training data for a couple years and then train a model

Right now Windows is around 12% of Microsoft’s revenue, they could lose it all and not have committed suicide.

Microsoft as a company has actually been doing incredibly well the last few years, it’s a real golden age for them right now.

But yeah, the implementation and messaging of this is pretty bad.

 Guy Rixon | June 5, 2024 17:44
48:

Why are MS doing this? Beyond specific business plans that are crazy or naive or evil (or all three), they may just have a generational problem.

In any IT-heavy organisation, there is a population of recent-hires who get the code but don't get what the users want. They cannot get what the users want because they are not functionally human, and they're only hired because they may turn out to be brilliant coders. They'll use any shiny tech and allow any weird side effects on the off-chance that their stuff does something (that they consider) cool. Their output has to be filtered through a layer of functionally-human analysts and managers before it's safe to let out.

Over time, some of the crazy-Eddie coders grow up into moderating leads and managers. I've been there, on both sides. The all-growed-up-now coders get mixed in with the career managers and the business analysts.

Now suppose the org buys the myth that managers just slow projects down and analysts are all wasters. Over time they employ fewer card-carrying humans and the moderating body reduces to just the aging coders...who no longer moderate the products. It's the RBMK-negative-void-coefficient of software development.

 David L replied to this comment from Simon Bisson | June 5, 2024 17:54
49:

So they're grabbing browser histories, any system logs, all enterprise socials, and anything else they can think of.

I don't think Apple keeps your misc whatever that the mic picks up. Even if you enable Siri it SUPPOSEDLY ignores everything until it hears "Siri" or "Hey Siri". Then turns it into text, ships it off, hands you back and answer. And I think THEN tosses all of it. Maybe. I'm very light on this detail.

But it sounds like MS now might collect this and all camera views while collecting everything else. Ugh.

As to my comment about Autosave, I have a vague memory of it now. But at some point MS changed it to cloud only to deal with the multi person editing. And push their cloud. Autorecovery is local. Or wherever you point it.

I have to wonder if there isn't a deep setting that allows autosave to be pointed locally. Need to dig a bit.

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 5, 2024 18:05
50:

Yep, desktop/laptop. And Microsoft's share of that sector is increasing.

I have to wonder about that. In 2018 or 2019 SAP was supporting about 50/50 to end users of Win/Mac. When you onboarded you got to pick. That meant something like 30K or 60K of each. (Working from memory of a talk given by the guy in charge of the Mac support side.) One major hotel chain you all know of has 30K Mac laptops issued to normal staffers. These situations are typical of the larger companies at the admin tech conferences.

My daughter has worked for 2 remote only companies over the last 6 years. Both times she got to pick which platform she wanted. She went with Macs. 200 give or take person companies.

My son works for a tech oriented company that supplies software for Windows servers. His company is Win all the way for obvious reasons.

I think most companies of much size let end users pick as long as they don't need specialty software that only runs on a specific platform. Smaller companies tend to go with what the owner likes if all things are equal.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from JohnS | June 5, 2024 18:11
51:

I'd say that Windoze 10 to Windoze Uneven probably isn't an upgrade: W7 to W10 certainly isn't (having recently had it forced on me).

 Retiring replied to this comment from David L | June 5, 2024 18:26
52:

https://gs.statcounter.com/os-market-share/desktop/worldwide

 Retiring | June 5, 2024 18:35
53:

It seems to me that OGH does have a point, though. Just instrumenting desktops/laptops isn't enough. Lots of business takes place via phone calls and texts, and without a way to capture that, Recall will have an incomplete view of the user's context. (Google saw that a while ago, and responded with their purchase of GrandCentral, which became Google Voice, which routes all your calls (and texts) through Google.)

Can Recall succeed without capturing phone activity?

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 5, 2024 19:04
54:

Recall will have an incomplete view of the user's context.

Microsoft wants you to use Teams for talking with folks who also have Teams. And have a phone option now as an add on to Teams for those who want to use it. Along the lines of Google Voice.

With a huge side dish of do companies expect you to use your cell phone for company work or not. And do you care?

 foxforcefive | June 5, 2024 19:06
55:

And no matter how bad it gets linux will still be a minority OS. The year of Linux on the Desktop never arrives. Personally I was already planning to switch my gaming machine over to arch given the improvements Valve have made to Proton.

 Unholyguy | June 5, 2024 19:41
56:

There is a huge amount of data available on the private market in the US at least. It’s a major mistake to think that major tech companies have to have to personally collect data.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Unholyguy | June 5, 2024 21:35
57:

Re: 'I don’t think they intend the data to be immediately useful ... '

How would this tech work as a supervisory tool? Just wondering whether some of rationale might be due to a considerable proportion of desk workers wanting to work from home. This is so 'Big Brother is watching you!'.

Other potential applications:

Corporate spying/sabotage in real time from some remote place on the globe that has no extradition treaty with any of the big economies.

How are banks reacting to this? Lots of people do their banking online so if someone can steal their data without their awareness, basically such tech would allow/abet/facilitate the destruction of a corp, i.e., (employer plus that employer's employees and families.)

BTW - On behalf of the non-techies here [raises hand], whenever possible, please provide a mundane/plain language explanation/example. Thanks!

 dpb replied to this comment from Retiring | June 5, 2024 22:11
58:

I haven't received a phone call at work in 10 years. 5 years ago they took our phones away.

Internal comms is all IM and voip type stuff. Vast amounts of confidential IP going past.

 SFReader replied to this comment from SFReader | June 5, 2024 22:39
59:

Re: Other applications (cont'd)

How will this interact with FB? I'm not on FB but my impression is that FB does allow its users to maintain some sort of privacy curtain. If the new MS system grabs everything off a screen then private stuff can be lifted off FB.

Reason for this comment/question is that it's a common, everyday, mundane type of scenario therefore more personally relevant. My guess is that more people use FB than office software. If some very personal info got taken off a private FB page, there will probably be lawsuits. User sues FB for not maintaining adequate security, FB then sues MSFT for dipping into their personal user data stash.

If MS laptops/Office is only 12% of total MSFT revenue, this could be a good strategy/excuse to kill off that division. Wonder how many employees would be affected.

Yeah - time for the equivalent of the FDA/CDC wrt to communication technology. The EU's already done most of work so adapting their data privacy laws/requirements to the US shouldn't take that much additional work. Speaking of the EU - no way is this gonna fly there.

 Dave Moore | June 5, 2024 22:55
60:

Just a point that may be of some help to the group, I am sitting in front of a reconditioned 2017 iMac running Ventura 13.6, which I purchased for $302.50 including shipping in the US. It came with keyboard and mouse (sucky mouse.)

The reason for this is that Mac having gone over to their M chips means that the intel Macs are going cheap (Equivalent MacBook Air $280 .) Of course, at some point Mac will phase out support for intel Macs, but at these prices you don't mind.

I won't name names to avoid turning this into an advertisement, but they're easy enough to find.

 Moz replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 5, 2024 23:15
61:

Meantime, my sister has a class in yoga (yes yoga) over Teams. I only mention this because of the subject.

As long as everyone visible is 18 or over and has clicked through the EULA that's fine, they have consented to everyone viewing their activities. We may be in the process of a switch from "my kids are never on camera" to "there's always a photo of a naked child on my desk positioned so the camera can see it". Because while as a parent you can reasonably have a pic of your kid having fun in the bath, as soon as someone else does their legal position is slightly ambiguous (viz, does strict liability apply or not?)

Just like the rest of us have consented to sharing our computer use, because the whole point of the Recall OCR'd text is that it's tiny and trivial to exfiltrate then share. It's part of the ongoing process of removing privacy*. You don't own your data, you're owned by the devices you depend on.

There's chat on social media about ways to deal with this, and for people who have a corporate "recall is enabled" policy there will likely be a period where the user also has the ability to write to the database directly, allowing either putting an empty file instead of the database or padding it with garbage. But once that loophole is closed corporate users will be no better off than home users (as noted above, the other 99% of home users have no idea how to avoid Recall)

(* but contrawise, https://www.techdirt.com/2024/06/03/state-court-says-theres-a-reasonable-expectation-of-privacy-in-conversations-with-non-cops-in-interrogation-rooms/ says you might under some circumstances have some privacy inside a police station in the US)

 Sean Eric Fagan replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 5, 2024 23:19
62:

Remember how Apple has a monopoly on the super-phone market according to the USDOJ?

 Moz | June 5, 2024 23:30
63:

FWIW I suspect it's office jobs that use desktop computers and laptops. I see an awful lot of retail businesses running off tablets and random "terminals" that don't have to (and possibly can't) run MS-Windows. There's POS software for Linux around but I can't be bothered looking for OOB solution providers where you get hardware and a maintenance contract, I just assume they exist.

But retailers aren't businesses so don't count, right?

Speaking of which, having worked in the back end of retail sales data processing oh boy are companies like UniLever and Walmart going to have opinions on Recall. This isn't legally protected data in the sense of HIPAA or even privilege, it's just data that enormous multinational corporations go to great, expensive, lengths to protect.

 Howard NYC | June 5, 2024 23:41
64:

typo = soemthing

 Damian replied to this comment from Moz | June 5, 2024 23:48
65:

That's if there's mention of an OS at all. The POS device can be a single-purpose object that's obviously a computer, but runs in a POS software shell all the time. No user-serviceable code inside, so to speak. Presumably there's a some sort of OS underneath it, but for the most part customers shouldn't care what it is. The main cybersecurity countermeasures would involve registering it as lost/stolen and/or changing your password if it is, since the vendor (and 3rd part assurance provider) is already responsible for providing the rest.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 6, 2024 00:01
66:

hmmm...

closeted homosexuals suiciding after being doxxed 'n outed by rivals being a possibility

but my gut check? closeted Parkinson's and/or MS and/or diabetics and/or 'hidden Jews' (yeah this is still a thing) and/or 'passing for white' (ditto)

no way will a megacorp ever hire as a full time employee someone with a slow motion wasting disease

nor for that matter anyone who has been successful in suing prior employers for various miseries inflicted, which settled quietly for cash to victims and criminal charges against villains dropped under an protective NDA

that NDA was e-mail'd at least once

ditto, the complaint-crime-damage-harm written out in detail

and not to be ever forgotten: support groups

abused consumers of defective products; abused employees; rape victims; cancer survivors; next of kin of someone who died too young of "things";

net effect if this unblinking eye is not blindfolded?

nobody will ever say anything potentially: libelous or career ending or criticizing the ruling elite

...which might be the point?

s e l f - c e n s o r s h i p

 Moz replied to this comment from Damian | June 6, 2024 00:12
67:

That's if there's mention of an OS at all.

Windows XP for ever!!! (yes, really)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 6, 2024 00:33
68:

hmmm... why not...

every three minutes corrupt it with randomized zeroes and ones? or for a giggle paste in a billion copies of the US Constitution?

...asking for 331,549,051 friends and neighbors and fellow Americans

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Damian | June 6, 2024 00:42
69:

Oh my feeelthy mind.

When I saw POS, I naturally read it as Piece Of Shit.

Presumably you mean Point Of Sale/Service?

Or are both meanings intended?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 6, 2024 00:42
70:

oh goody... someone out there will be stockpiling every video they trip over

with Microsoft finding themselves dragged into class action lawsuits over illicit sourcing of sexually explicit videos

for a rather narrowly defined definition of "sexually explicit"

but hey... "rule 34"

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 00:50
71:

Need a Gibbering Mouther App that runs at low capacity in the background. My first thought is that it’s a simple text editor with a spelling autocorrect. It perpetually generates a random text string with spaces inserted randomly but frequently, and autocorrects it into text as it goes. Or something like that. Its job is to look like content without being content.

On second thought, having an app That overwrites the Recall file with a blank file on a regular basis might save space

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 6, 2024 00:50
72:

Q: personal or enterprise accounting?

either way... you ought pass along my post about "slow motion wasting disease"

and in turn the CXOs ought to start linking up with their peers at other corporations to swap 'hot gossip' since it is clearly past time to start warning clients of unending risk of privacy breaches of protected health information which lead to unlawful terminations or public outing or interference in treatment

what Microsoft has done is ensure lawyers getting mega-rich from filing case action lawsuits or defending guilty-but-unintentionally-so clients from 'em

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Guy Rixon | June 6, 2024 00:56
73:

uhm...

"RBMK Type Russian Reactor"

not what you are referring to... so..."RBMK" is abrv for 'what'?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 6, 2024 01:07
74:

...and another background app to scrub the sectors on harddrive to prevent restoration of sectors marked-as-deleted-but-not-scrubbed

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 01:39
75:

that's what "overwrite with random" is for. First you write random data to the file, then you replace it with a new zero-byte version of the file. Then after your weekly removing of unwanted files and system backup you zero fill the free space.

This burns write cycles on your SSD but makes it harder to recover the files you deleted. AFAIK the only way to securely delete data off an SSD is physically. Hydraulic Press Channel recommends thermite grenades but I'm sure a hammer also works.

 Moz | June 6, 2024 02:05
76:

I wonder what Recall will make of my work PC. Three 4k monitors is just extra data to OCR/store, but there's a Linux VM visible as well as some remote sessions to various things. There are also officially supported virtual desktops now, and I've already mentioned to our IT dude at work that I'll have one of those not visible and showing images that I don't want to look at so he has something to review. I should find that browser plugin that does random searches then clicks the ads, so I can run that in Brave or Edge or some other browser-like program.

I seriously doubt that if I play DRM content inside the VM that Recall will carefully elide that area of the screen. I wonder whether that's a problem for their arrangement with our copyright-owning overlords.

Actually... I'm sure the various professionals here will have opinions about people who use Calibre to read ebooks on their Windows computer.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 6, 2024 02:17
77:

so... looks like e are back to thre bad ol' days herein all of an enterprise's traffic went thru jumps thru not one but three VPNs with bots creating additional frothy churn to mask what was really real googling...

what else?

oh yeah

never mind being a terrorist... typing the T-word gets you noticed

as for authors scribbling about world conquest and/or hordes of brain eating demonic aliens, they too will be noticed

too late for Charles Stross to publish his prose under "Boris Johnson Jr."

(or my snarks posted under "Donald Trump III")

we shall all be bunking together in the re-education camps, come the day

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 02:17
78:

"RBMK" is abrv for 'what'?

See Chernobyl.

 Stephen Harris replied to this comment from Moz | June 6, 2024 03:32
79:

"There's POS software for Linux around but I can't be bothered looking for OOB solution providers where you get hardware and a maintenance contract, I just assume they exist."

Assuming you mean "Point of Sales" by POS then two of the biggest in the market (Square and Clover) are Android (and thus Linux) based. At least in the US.

Clover has a whole eco-system of apps that run on their terminals (disclaimer; I used to work for their parent company); I assume Square also has equivalent.

There are also "soft-POS" solutions based on Android phones (my ex-employer was leading on this in Germany and Poland, working with PCI and Samsung; it's actually hard to do a PIN-on-glass in a secure manner!).

Windows XP-POS and similar are the trailing edge of the market.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 03:57
80:

Would younger users who grew up with computers have more IT literacy? Will the percentage of people who understand these things go up as all us old people pass on?

One of my nephews does tech support for his family, including his brother and sisters, as well as some of his cousins. They have no interest in learning the ever-changing intricacies of OSes, and are quite happy to let him do the tech stuff (he's a programmer) while they do other things. They use computers and phones, but don't understand them well enough to do admin stuff.

 Moz replied to this comment from Stephen Harris | June 6, 2024 04:05
81:

Thanks. I have no idea, even for Australia because it's been at least 10 years since I was even vaguely involved, and my actual retail experience is linix-on-pi that I vaguely recall used a browser as UI/terminal software.

And of course business time is a whole different thing again (flight of the conchords reference)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 6, 2024 04:12
82:

orignating text:

"It's the RBMK-negative-void-coefficient of software development"

which simply glaze mine eyeballs

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 6, 2024 04:22
83:

finally some of our computer tech has matured to the point, where much like cars, here's the on switch and who cares what's under the hood

no need to learn how to gap sparkplugs nor change the oil filter unless you are a seriously determined gearhead

in my own case, tweaking WinReg in order to make Win11 behave better[1] is something I really wanted to avoid since it would void warranties and allow Dell to refuse to carry out support as per purchase...

but it looks like I am gonna havta at some point...

most people really do not want to be OCD-slash-gearheads on every aspect of their lives...

====

[1] not limited to a desire to implement WIN7-eqv features including: less brittle mouse cursor movements; thicker scroll bars; better color contrasts without resorting to monochrome; running browser sessions in background instead of stalling; etc

 Mikko replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 6, 2024 04:47
84:

When I saw POS, I naturally read it as Piece Of Shit.

Presumably you mean Point Of Sale/Service?

Or are both meanings intended?

I worked for a bit with POS'es and related stuff (doing PCI DSS, payment card system audits), and while Point Of Sale is the official meaning, we did get a lot of kilometreage out of Piece Of Shit, too.

Moz seems to have same kind of experiences as we do, I think he works with them more than I have.

(Also in EVE Online there are Player Owned Starbases and yes we had fun with those, too.)

 Tim McDermott | June 6, 2024 04:59
85:

This could lead to MS being banished from the Federal market altogether. Some obvious national defense issues likely get them kicked out of all classified areas. I suspect courts will not tolerate the harvest of work-in-progress opinions, which will quickly lead to banishment from legal firms and law enforcement. Such a scenario would seen MS unable to sell to anybody who follows the news.

People being paid hundreds of millions of dollars are often very stupid.

 Moz replied to this comment from Mikko | June 6, 2024 05:28
86:

It seems to be a bit of a write of presage, several people here have been exposed to the dork art of costumer infection.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 05:31
87:

"It's the RBMK-negative-void-coefficient of software development"

I know even less than what was in Wikipedia in void coefficients, but they all say that RBMK reactors had positive void coefficients. Which seems to make sense in contexts. So why negative and not positive?

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 05:32
88:

...not limited to a desire to implement WIN7-eqv features including: less brittle mouse cursor movements; thicker scroll bars; better color contrasts without resorting to monochrome...

Off topic, but yes, please to scroll bars that are not single-digit-pixels wide or hidden entirely.

I haven't needed to adjust mouse sensitivity lately; if that feature got lost too I hadn't noticed.

 Moz replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 6, 2024 05:41
89:

Even better are scroll bars and menus that change shape when the mouse passes over them, but the new "keep it active" area is not where the mouse cursor is so you end up moving the cursor one pixel at a time until you find the magic spit where you can touch it just the right way to expand it and keep it expanded. Then you very carefully move the mouse keeping the cursor over the "navigation icons" until you can click the thing you care about.

In patholigical cases the system will flicker wildly between the two states due to the cursor still being over the expand-icon point.

This is unnatures way of telling you to find the settings and restore them to the defaults intended by the various graphic artists who designed the system. If you don't have a 6032x2204 display like they did then sucks to be you.

 Poul-Henning Kamp | June 6, 2024 07:59
90:

I want to protest the way "end-to-end-encryption" is being thrown around as some kind of magic spell these days.

E2EE merely means that some data is moved from A to B in encrypted form and never decrypted along the way.

E2EE does not say /anything/ about the encryption keys.

It does not say who has copies of the keys.

It does not say if (part of) the keys are static

Absent information about the key-handling, all E2EE does, is hide your data from a random sysadm and his tcpdump(8)

 Poul-Henning Kamp | June 6, 2024 08:04
91:

I want to protest the way "end-to-end-encryption" is being thrown around as some kind of magic spell these days.

E2EE merely means that some data is moved from A to B in encrypted form and never decrypted along the way.

E2EE does not say /anything/ about the encryption keys.

It does not say who has copies of the keys.

It does not say if (part of) the keys are static

Absent information about the key-handling, all E2EE does, is hide your data from a random sysadm and his tcpdump(8)

 David L replied to this comment from Moz | June 6, 2024 08:09
92:

This burns write cycles on your SSD but makes it harder to recover the files you deleted.

And takes the life from years or decades down to weeks.

I did a write speed test on a RAID of 6 1TB Samsung EVO SSDs about 6 or 7 years ago and shut it down when I saw that it used up 3% of the life in just a few hours.

 David L replied to this comment from Tim McDermott | June 6, 2024 08:16
93:

This could lead to MS being banished from the Federal market altogether. Some obvious national defense issues likely get them kicked out of all classified areas.

Current macOS and Windows systems drive TLA agencies in the US (and I assume elsewhere) nuts as they have to tailor them to stop phoning home and/or turn off such data collection features. And of course these TLAs are now so vast that people who in theory should know better do stupid things at times.

I know people who have had to buy a mechanical CD player and old time analog watch so they could tell time and listen to music while working. Their normal things that would be on their person being in a locker outside of the Faraday cage rooms they had to work in.

 David L replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 6, 2024 08:19
94:

Off topic, but yes, please to scroll bars that are not single-digit-pixels wide or hidden entirely.

Hey. The current macOS still has the option you can set it to "Always". And the width is wide enough to hit without too much precision aiming.

I personally blame Johnny Ive for this race to subtlety at Apple. Which seems to have cross infected Microsoft and Windows.

 Ubergeekiian | June 6, 2024 08:29
95:

I can point my phone at a brochure or menu in a language I can't read, activate the camera, and immediately read a surprisingly good translation

Actually, I think it gives you a surprisingly plausible translation. After all, you can't read the language and the system is actually an unthinking statistical model that cough up the highest probability translation-shaped object generated in response to the prompt, regardless of whether it's an accurate translation or not. (I stole and adapted that last bit.)

It probably works OK for menus, but using it for anything involving nuance or shades of meaning requires a lot of trust.

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 6, 2024 08:35
96:

https://gs.statcounter.com/os-market-share/desktop/worldwide

While this is an interesting set of stats, and I refer to such things at times, it is also a very imperfect way to measure things. These sites basically track, as best they can, visits to web sites or instances of tracking code in software run on various systems. So while they have a wide statistical sample, it also has a lot of missed chunks of the market.

In broad terms (and I just seriously want to know how co-pilot will work for all of these sitautions) there are "this computer is yours for work" at one end and an embedded system like the POS notes above. My wife worked for a major airline (I know I've said it before.) She as assigned a laptop for her use at while at HQ. But in the call centers or at the gate the computers were assigned to the seat and the user logged in. At the call center the computer was owned by the airline. At the airport gates they belonged to the authority running the airport. And behind the scenes it was a seemingly insane random mix. Plus things like the monster flight schedule displays tend to be run by the authority, and the display over the gate the same. But the display next to it giving more details about the specific flight may or may not be owned by the airline or the authority.

And you have a huge mix of these running Windows 7 (if someone actually uses a keyboard) or older at times in these various behind the screen displays. Some running Windows (you can spot them with a BSOD at times), some running Lunix, some a few embedded things and some running iOS or Android. And the huge collection of Windows options. Embedded, LT whatever, etc... Wheee. Isn't this all fun.

Now co-pilot makes it more fun.

And how many of these get picked up by one of these stat counting services?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 6, 2024 08:37
97:

think of it as justifying your existence to earn that next bowl of rice (or wheat gruel or corn grits or whatever ethnic-centric peasant breakfast food your ancestors ate prior to electricity)

these unending cycles of tweaking the tweaks along with struggles to locate ever-newer functionality in a mature product directly driven by developer teams having a dire fear of being kicked to the curb (in Canada I understand the policy is "cicked to the kurb") unless there's “progress”... where the definition of progress being whatever will convince Powers-That-Be to postpone termination for three more months which is just enough time to locate some newest form of bullshit tweaking...

thus, much of the interface customization possible in WINXP and WIN7 seems to have been tossed in the trash for =reasons=... just uneasy mumbles from Microsoft none of which were ever clarified...

if I could locate a install DVD for WIN-XP and Office XP, then I'd rollback... buy raw/bare hardware and install 'em...

which is likely why Microsoft has done everything they could to prevent anybody from doing just that... such as for years 'n years forcing us to download app's and OS's from their web site... and the push away from built in DVD drives

never mind legit usage of long ago purchased licenses... which if I understand it, never was ownership but rather an indefinite loan by Microsoft for money paid

now here's a moment of paranoia... my bet is there's something on the motherboard that's never going to allow 'ancient versions' of WIN and Office to be loaded

 David L replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 6, 2024 08:38
98:

See Chernobyl.

I remember seeing a PR interview put out by Soviet official talkers just after the US fun with Three Mile Island. Per this spokesperson, USSR/Soviet reactors were of a much superior design and didn't need containment buildings.

Tucker Carlson would have been proud.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Ubergeekiian | June 6, 2024 08:47
99:

...uhm

inserts coming with prescriptions filled by someone who is English-as-second-language gets mangled when translated to Italian-Spanish-Pasnus? assembly instructions for Ikea kits? crappy products whose consumer warnings include a variety of cautions written in a minor dialect of Chinese?

oh... gosh... my next netflix pitch!

law firm specializing in suing consumer product vendors (Amazon not the manufacturer in China) and translation tools (Apple) which leads to maiming and/or death

always first five minutes of each episode is POV fly-on-wall as hapless consumer follows instructions which leads to challenging rescues by hunky firefighters and unique blood splatter patterns and then lengthy hospital stays where all the nurses are cheesecake babes

 David L replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 08:50
100:

I'll not be offended if this comment is deleted. But apparently Alexa and AI are having their day (well sort of) with electric tooth brushes. The article seems to tie into the point of this post. Anyone want an Alexa or AI connected toothbrush?

https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/06/oral-b-bricks-ability-to-set-up-alexa-on-230-smart-toothbrush/

Nuts. Just nuts. The money quotes about AI are in the last two paraphrases.

Pigeon. Carefully reading this. You brain might just explode.

 Greg Tingey | June 6, 2024 09:02
101:

Given that - also a given - in Europe, including GB ... GDPR squashes this insanity form even before the word "go" ...
Will this ever take off, since I cannot be used anywhere in Europe without breaking the law/several laws?
Yes, the US is huge, but abandoning over half your market, because of legal restrictions makes the game not worth the candle?
Opinions?

 Richard H replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 6, 2024 09:19
102:

"its job is to look like content without being content."

Like the output of an LLM, perhaps? In this case, hallucinations are a feature, not a bug.

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 6, 2024 09:20
103:

Yes, the US is huge, but abandoning over half your market, because of legal restrictions makes the game not worth the candle?

I doubt you see this but things like this are one reason major US corps are still handing out laptops to new hires with Win 7 Pro installed.

 Vulch | June 6, 2024 09:46
104:

El Reg has just put up an article heavily featuring this blog entry...

https://www.theregister.com/2024/06/06/microsoft_research_recall/

 Moz replied to this comment from Vulch | June 6, 2024 10:59
105:

Beats the usual "summarise a reddit thread" :) And they linked to the source, unlike so many reddit summaries.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 11:04
106:

Q: anyone else been fed a slice of AI-enhanced apple pie?

the GMO-tweaked vanilla ice cream atop it has the same chemical profile as androstenedione, which in net effect has boosted my testosterone to levels not seen since I was seventeen... just tore a telephone book in half after running five miles in less than an hour

/ snark off /

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 6, 2024 11:13
107:

Or something like that. Its job is to look like content without being content.

Finally, a valid use for ChatGPT!

 Raart | June 6, 2024 11:48
108:

[ Drive-by deleted by mod.

Folks, if you're new here, please read the moderation policy before posting a comment. And remember, it's a discussion, not your free soap-box to grandstand from. ]

 Raart replied to this comment from Raart | June 6, 2024 13:02
109:

[ DELETED AND BANNED ]

 Graham replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 13:13
110:

You're assuming corporate wrangling is the worst that could happen. That's probably true in North America and Western Europe.

In a range of other countries though (Russia, China, Syria, Iran or Saudi Arabia spring instantly to mind). infosec is literally crucial to staying alive. Currently, known dissidents regularly have their places turned over, but "at least" (ha!) the state is limited on how many people they can pick on because it needs human resources. Once it becomes trivially possible to automate the process of scraping data from all your citizens' computers, you're in a whole different world. Suddenly AI can take a guess at who your suspects are, and the thought police can put their human resources into door-breaking and torturing instead. That's the purpose of AI assistants, after all - automating pattern-recognition.

And even in the West, you're not guaranteed safe. Remember that abortion is a crime in many states in the US, and women have already been tried and convicted in the US because it was believed they'd had an abortion and had not naturally miscarried. (And the crime is premeditated murder, which in some of those states still leaves the death penalty as an option.) Even if the state government isn't doing the digging, the US has many well-funded and highly-organised religious organisations which do actively persecute people getting abortions, and they already do this by illegally violating people's privacy. Would they extend this by illegally hacking people's PCs? It's hard to think that they wouldn't, because they're all on record as believing that "God's laws" supersede human laws.

 Retiring | June 6, 2024 15:12
111:

All of this commentary about point-of-sale terminals and gate agent procedure is fascinating, but not germane.

It's clear that CoPilot+ with Recall is aimed at folks sitting in front of a keyboard and screen, dealing with documents, Outlook, and Bing searches. And more than likely -- much more than likely -- running Windows. I don't imagine it will be more successful than Clippy at improving productivity, but at least it's generating headlines.

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 6, 2024 15:36
112:

All of this commentary about point-of-sale terminals and gate agent procedure is fascinating, but not germane.

Shouldn't be germane. I'll agree.

But since so many of these situations use just plain Windows, just what will Co-pilot be capturing on these?

 ilya187 | June 6, 2024 15:40
113:

SpaceX starship made a soft landing in Indian Ocean. Next test flight, SpaceX will attempt an actual landing on the tower.

 Troutwaxer | June 6, 2024 15:48
114:

I have only read the headline and my answer is "Please dear God yes!"

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Hieromech | June 6, 2024 16:04
115:

Installing Linux these days is really easy. Ubuntu 'just works' right out of the box, and works even better if you use the XFCE GUI rather than Gnome3, because XFCE is near-infinitely customizable (and can easily be made to resemble Windows in it's top-level behaviors.)

 David L replied to this comment from SFReader | June 6, 2024 16:07
116:

On behalf of the non-techies here [raises hand], whenever possible, please provide a mundane/plain language explanation/example.

MDM -> Mobile Device Management

Which is a bit of a misnomer these days. I THINK Apple coined the phrase back when large corps came to them and said, "we want to buy 10,000 iphones for our staff every 2 years but need a way to manage them".

So Apple started down the process. Now most everyone has such support. Microsoft has built it into Windows.

When you buy a Mac, iPhone, or iPad (and a few other things) from Apple or VARs you can have them enrolled into your ABM/ASM MDM account and you then control them. If you want. You CAN put all kinds of pre-loaded settings and restrictions. And brick them if not returned or stolen. And more.

And you can also add things into your setup later but it will not be a locked to your setup.

Microsoft has similar now.

Some MDM systems are fantastic. Some suck. Buyer beware.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 16:07
117:

If you have enough memory/processing power you can simply run those in a VM. (Virtual Machine.)

 Retiring | June 6, 2024 16:10
118:

But since so many of these situations use just plain Windows, just what will Co-pilot be capturing on these?

But they're not "just plain Windows", are they? I'd expect that these Windows machines are often highly-configured "terminals", running mainly a single application. Not vanilla office-worker desktops. Part of the configuration will typically be disabling CoPilot, as an unnecessary resource drain.

Look, any kind of information capture can have negative consequences in the wrong setting. But painting this as some kind of privacy apocalypse seems wildly overblown to me. I doubt it will have any negative impact on Microsoft. In fact, the stock was at $409 on June 3, and is now at $422.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Retiring | June 6, 2024 16:13
119:

I simply assume that my phone is insecure and I do nothing important using it. If I need to have a really important conversation I leave it in another room or go for a walk without it.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Damian | June 6, 2024 16:20
120:

There's a huge android market in business devices, such as the scanning guns used in warehouses, and I think the Zebra company may have their own OS, not to mention that iPads are also heavily used in some customer-facing spaces, and there are lot's of little phone-shaped devices that are actually retail-computers that simply look like phones.

And of course Linux is big on the ARM market.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Ubergeekiian | June 6, 2024 16:28
121:

Ruthanna Emrys wrote about this in A Half-Built Garden, and discussed the way an enemy could subtly distort your discussions by using AI to do all kinds of things like changing the relative values of posts, etc., and monitoring what you write.

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 6, 2024 16:31
122:

Part of the configuration will typically be disabling CoPilot, as an unnecessary resource drain.

I'm making a distinction between "will typically" and the reality of what happens way too often in real life.

Airport computers at gates and similar locations tend to be owned/control by the local airport authority. Ditto many of the displays that put up schedules and such. So what a global airline gets to deal with in Madrid tends to bear no similarity at times with what the same airline sees in London. Or even within a single country. Some give access nice slim configured systems. Others whatever was bought on bid 4 years ago and hasn't been updated since.

Which leads to the new hires of programmers walking into walls for a while as they learn THEY ARE NOT IN CHARGE. None of "this app requires Chrome" nonsense. Nope. Never.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 6, 2024 16:31
123:

They'll just run the program until someone sues them.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 6, 2024 16:35
124:

Heteromeles @ 69:

Oh my feeelthy mind.

When I saw POS, I naturally read it as Piece Of Shit.

Presumably you mean Point Of Sale/Service?

Or are both meanings intended?

For a short while I worked as a contractor supporting USPS POS systems, until my employer lost the contract ... at which time it turned out THE EMPLOYER was the POS.

 Guy Rixon replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 6, 2024 16:47
125:

"I know even less than what was in Wikipedia in void coefficients, but they all say that RBMK reactors had positive void coefficients. Which seems to make sense in contexts. So why negative and not positive?"

Yes it's a typo, positive was intended. The point is that the moderating apparatus can go wrong and increase the effect it's supposed to reduce. Apologies for the weak and misleading joke.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 17:04
126:

Just for fun, I looked up POS in acronym finder. Enjoy!

https://www.acronymfinder.com/POS.html

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 18:18
127:

Howard NYC @ 97:

if I could locate a install DVD for WIN-XP and Office XP, then I'd rollback... buy raw/bare hardware and install 'em...

Might be problematic finding new hardware that includes an internal DVD drive.

 whitroth | June 6, 2024 18:20
128:

OGH: it's going to be mandatory/default in Win11? Well, gee, this explains why, when Win10 will supposedly be retired next year, M% just reopened their Win 10 test/update/enhance group. https://www.nasdaq.com/articles/microsoft-reopens-windows-10-beta-channel-test-new-features

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 18:22
129:

No, there's three types: "ordinary people", who are just trying to do their job; "Power Users", who frequently think they know what they're doing and screw things up more, and the folks who actually do know what they're douing.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 18:25
130:

Which is why I always tell people "get a used business-grade laptop". Business laptops come with a 3 year warranty, and it's usually upgradeable to 5 year. Consumer grade crap has a 1 year warranty, and no upgrade.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 18:27
131:

Please note that IBM is still a major corporation. And, for that matter, big on Linux.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Ovid | June 6, 2024 18:29
132:

The US federal gov't, and I'm sure most other governments, have a group to test and validate software. The government won't buy it unless it meets stds. This is so unacceptable...

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 18:31
133:

For Linux, WINE ("Wine Is Not (an) Emulator").

 whitroth replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 6, 2024 18:34
134:

All word processors, at least by WP 5 (around '90) had autosave. I had to go to a secretary one place to find out why she couldn't save the document. After I examined her PC, and found the hard drive 99+% full, and deleted 80% of the backups of documents, she could save...

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 18:35
135:

David L @ 100:

I'll not be offended if this comment is deleted. But apparently Alexa and AI are having their day (well sort of) with electric tooth brushes. The article seems to tie into the point of this post. Anyone want an Alexa or AI connected toothbrush?

https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/06/oral-b-bricks-ability-to-set-up-alexa-on-230-smart-toothbrush/

Nuts. Just nuts. The money quotes about AI are in the last two paraphrases.

Pigeon. Carefully reading this. You brain might just explode.

That does raise some questions though. What is the point of having Alexa built in to your electric toothbrush in the first place? Have you ever tried to talk to anyone while you had the electric toothbrush in your mouth?

"zzz exa, zz lay llzzz dngsz dzidrd zzz"*

IIRC, you first have to train Alexa to recognize your voice before you can use it. Is "she" even going to understand that gibberish?

*(Alexa, play All Things Considered)

 whitroth replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 6, 2024 18:39
136:

Um, er, exactly what is that cloud you're connecting to? https://www.precisely.com/blog/mainframe/9-mainframe-statistics

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | June 6, 2024 18:44
137:

Please note that IBM is still a major corporation. And, for that matter, big on Linux.

Yes it is. But as one person just below the C-Level who recently moved to another corp said, "It's nice to be working for a company that doesn't have to explain why profits and revenue are down again this year."

I have a lot of friends and folks who have worked for IBM in all kinds of capacities and divisions. Even me in a weird way back 30 years ago. Most all of us tend feel they have never figured out what to do since mainframes stopped being the end all and be all of computing.

And yes, I drive by Red Hat a few times most weeks. The staff seem somewhat confused as to the long term plan.

Another things I heard a few years ago when Watson was hot. Well at least in the public news.

Paraphrasing: "What hot college grads who specialized in AI are eager to go work on Watson?"

 whitroth replied to this comment from Retiring | June 6, 2024 18:45
138:

Stranglehold?

I'm NOT giving up my full-sized keyboard for your laptop chicklets, nor my 24" monitor.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Guy Rixon | June 6, 2024 18:48
139:

Not completely true. One thing that pissed me off for many years was when I ->was not permitted<- to speak to end users, so I couldn't find out what the problem was.

At the Scummy Mortgage Co, a manager had designed the interface. The people in collections, I think it was, HATED it, and would write things down with paper and pen, until they'd gotten all the info, then did data entry.

 whitroth replied to this comment from SFReader | June 6, 2024 18:50
140:

Please, there are people who think that if FB is down, "the internet is down". No, I'm not making that up.

Thought that came to me last evening: remember the "technorati"? What do you call people like the above? The ignorati.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 6, 2024 18:54
141:

Protected data... Um. Right. Back in '06, I warked for Lowe's for about seven months - fortune 500 competitor to Home Despot. While I was there, to meed "Sarbanes-Oxley" compliance, they implemented a script that recorded every. single. command. every programmer typed in (and there were *hundreds of us).

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 6, 2024 18:57
142:

YES!!!!!!! I want a fist, er word, with "who needs scroll bars?" and "what do you mean that menu option vanishes as you try to move your mouse there?"

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 19:03
143:

Good reason to not use SSDs. Happy with my spinning platters.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 19:06
144:

Actually, yesterday three major chatbots went down for hours.

But, I mean, WTF does anyone need an internet-connected toothbrush?

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | June 6, 2024 19:08
145:

You misunderstood my point. Some of these 1TB drives are still in use.

At the lower end business and higher end consumer levels I've had way fewer failures with SSD (1% or less) than with spinning drives. (5% or more)

Over a 10 year window.

Not that I don't buy spinning drives. For vast storage that has good backups, they can be cheap AND reliable. Enough.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 19:10
146:

Did you even look at my link?

And hell, Watson gave reasonable answers.

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | June 6, 2024 19:12
147:

WTF does anyone need an internet-connected toothbrush?

To ask Alexa how to get the AI upgraded version?

I'll leave now.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Retiring | June 6, 2024 19:15
148:

Retiring @ 43:

"If you find one that will seamlessly run my legacy Windoze programs (mainly a few old games & Photoshop) let me know."

Well, exactly. This is how much normal people don't care about privacy. So long as they can run a few old games and some software they bought some time ago, anything is OK.

I DO care about privacy. OTOH, what's the point of even having a computer if the OS won't let you do what you want to do?

I want those old games. I enjoy playing them.

I NEED Photoshop (64-bit CS6 Extended) and there is no adequate replacement available (including the current Photoshop/Lightroom extortion-ware). Photoshop will not run in Linux, even under WINE.

I've experimented with Linux on the desktop and TRIED several times to find a Photoshop replacement & yes, I know about GIMP. It did NOT give me adequate tools to replace Photoshop.

Not even considering the sunk costs (close to $2,000) for the version of Photoshop that I use, which is why Adobe pissed me off so much when they went to their current extortion-ware model.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Guy Rixon | June 6, 2024 19:18
149:

De nada. I got the positive feedback gist regardless.

Putting the addicts in charge of production and distribution is always a problem, whether it’s about coding, drugs, political power, or whatever the frack the Tech Bros are now dreaming up to combine the three.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 6, 2024 19:34
150:

Troutwaxer @ 117:

If you have enough memory/processing power you can simply run those in a VM. (Virtual Machine.)

When I experimented with Linux for the desktop, I could NOT get Photoshop to run even in a VM or under WINE. I don't currently have the resources to experiment with it again to see if anything has changed for the better.

OTOH, I have a Windoze7 box I built specifically to run Photoshop & it still works for me.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 20:21
151:

I NEED Photoshop (64-bit CS6 Extended) and there is no adequate replacement available

You might want to look at Affinity Photo, if you haven't already. Much cheaper than Photoshop even in the pre-subscription days, and does most of what Photoshop does.

https://affinity.serif.com/en-us/photo/

I have the full suite (Photo/Designer/Publisher) and am happy with all of them.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 20:27
152:

David L @ 137:

I have a lot of friends and folks who have worked for IBM in all kinds of capacities and divisions. Even me in a weird way back 30 years ago. Most all of us tend feel they have never figured out what to do since mainframes stopped being the end all and be all of computing.

From what I've heard, it's been going on a lot longer than that. SUPPOSEDLY, someone at IBM originally came up with the idea that if they could build & lease out 50 mainframes & sell maintenance contracts to the companies that leased them IBM could be profitable FOREVER ... and that's not 50 in one year, that's 50 computers TOTAL. That's how many they figured they could build at the time.

Then they got orders for 500 computers the first year, they'd been trying to figure out how to catch up with demand ever since. 😏

That's the story I was told in training Nov 1994 when I got hired as a supplemental employee.

At that time IBM's main source of revenue was actually DATA STORAGE - all those mainframe computers they were building went into a "warehouse" & were hooked up getting burned in while awaiting sale. And while they were sitting there, IBM used them to process DATA into refrigerator sized DASD units (4 large multi-platter Hard Drive units in one cabinet)

The first work I ever did out at IBM was as a contractor on weekends (early 1994) pulling cables under a raised floor in that DATA warehouse - pulling cables OUT when one of the computers was sold & pulling cables IN when a new computer came into the warehouse & was being set up.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Ubergeekiian | June 6, 2024 20:28
153:

Actually, I think it gives you a surprisingly plausible translation.

I can only speak for Indo-European languages fairly English-adjacent, Russian and Spanish in particular. Those I can translate into English for myself and find the AI versions to be, most of the time, pretty good. Not perfect, but not much worse than run-of-the-mill human translations.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 20:54
154:

What features of CS6 are you using that are not available on GIMP?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 6, 2024 20:55
155:

Robert Prior @ 151:

"I NEED Photoshop (64-bit CS6 Extended) and there is no adequate replacement available"

You might want to look at Affinity Photo, if you haven't already. Much cheaper than Photoshop even in the pre-subscription days, and does most of what Photoshop does.

I've thought about it for my iMac (which I currently have little use for). The price is attractive. I may have even used a "trial" version on Windows just to check it out (back before I acquired the iMac).

Key words are "does most of what Photoshop does". Not sure it has ALL of the capabilities of Photoshop (that I use), but worth another look.

 JohnS replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 6, 2024 21:11
156:

DeMarquis @ 154:

What features of CS6 are you using that are not available on GIMP?

Were not available last time I tried it.

Primarily (IIRC) blend modes on adjustment layers. It's been a while since I last tried it. And at the time NIC Filters didn't work with GIMP.

I'd need to build another computer to install Linux on to give it another try & I'm not really in a position where I can do that.

Even if it can now do 100% of what I can already do with my existing setup, what's the advantage to be gained from switching? It would really have to help me to do a lot more than I already can to be worth it.

 timrowledge replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 21:11
157:

If it were practical to include some sensors in toothbrushes that could give early warning of decay spots or oral cancer issues, then it would be a Good Thing. Until then....

 whitroth replied to this comment from timrowledge | June 6, 2024 21:20
158:

I see, and the toothbrush would call home, and they'd sell that information to dentists and dental insurance companies.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 21:22
159:

Like many open-source projects, Gimp is underfunded and has yet to overcome it's reliance on RGB rather than CYMK, even though supposedly there's a CYMK plugin (which I've never managed to make work.)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Retiring | June 6, 2024 22:16
160:

comes back to whatever KPIs[1] are included in calculating annual bonuses... if it is the metric of ho many headlines and/or minutes of chatter on major teevee news shows and/or occurrence of keywords in blogs then that's drives decision making

rarely, are those metrics such abstractions as user support, human happiness, reduced stress, confusion reduction, calculation accuracy, risk reduction, et al

====

[1] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Performance_indicator

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 6, 2024 22:34
161:

uhm...

who is buying what, when they are buying it and where... correlating the timing to guess at motivation

intel that Walmart loves and every other megacorp craves... knowing which consumers only buys their products -- toilet paper and raisin cookies and fresh baked rye bread -- on Tuesdays is useful... knowing these item are purchased together is very useful... grasping that individual consumer (and her husband) works on weekends thus Tuesday is day-off-work and personal eqv to Friday dining in date night

cross correlating all purchases from all locations would provide the POS OEM with a potential subscription product:

"POS activity minute-by-minute as a service"

which if is popular amongst megacorps will motivate the POS OEM to give away a next-gen POS box to each retailer for free...

an updated version of cliche of Gillette: "give away razors, sell replacement blades"

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 6, 2024 22:36
162:

Q: which headline?

(my personal guess, "Queens Man Convicted On 34 Felonies")

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 6, 2024 22:46
163:

no, good enough would be an external pluggable DVD drive as part of out-of-cardboard-box installation process... one time usage, right?

the hassle is avoiding goons -- AKA lawyers from Microsoft -- breaking my legs for using an obsolete product installed off any DVDs supposedly destroyed a decade ago

another hassle is being driven back to being a gearhead for my new laptop as per Harley Davidson oil drippers -- motorcycles needing constant tender care -- when all I want is to browse the web, attempt to finish my novel's full manuscript, and locate amusing cat videos... well that... and my personal preferences in porn remaining private

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 6, 2024 22:52
164:

...such as missteaks as "douing"

{G}

what really is needed is an AI which will perform not just spellcheck but ragecheck[1]... I've had to pause after drafting various posts here 'n there... three hours (sometimes ten) to cool off and revise my prose

if all versions of my posts linger, then yeah, gonna be more "self-censorship"

====

[1] oh goody I've coined a new snarky bit of AI-centric slang for a desirable feature!

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 6, 2024 23:58
165:

intel that Walmart loves and every other megacorp craves

One of the shockingly obvious things that comes out of the data is which products are out of stock. I've worked for two companies who sold that information.

The naive idea that someone who works in the shop wanders round and looks at what products are low stock then checks the store room and orders stuff is wildly out of date. These days the computer updates stock on hand as each item is scanned so they always know exactly how many are left on the shelf. Because people never pick stuff off shelves then leave it elsewhere in the shop or take it without paying for it.

So in practice the key metric is "how many did we sell today divided by how many we normally sell" and when that plummets it's time to restock. Often the restocking person reports back how many items were on the shelf, but that's not essential.

This single number is worth 5-10% of sales on most products, 1% on others and over 100% on some. In the extreme it can lead to urgent deliveries of single items, for example when soft drink sells out due to an unexpected public event nearby.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 7, 2024 00:32
166:

so...

Microsoft seeks to claw into being single spider seated at center-of-sales-data...?

could their long term scheme be towards monopolizing sourcing of real world data...?

selling insights to any 'n all buyers...?

well, yeah

not just consumer-centric but then there's insights into sexual activity, political causes, health status, et al

never mind Big Brother... say hello to HIDDENaaS[1]

====

[1] "Hugely Invasive Deep Data Extraction Network as a Service"... and yes, I sat there for many minutes reverse-defining that abrv so to snark upon "HIDDEN"

 Dave Lester replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 7, 2024 01:48
167:
…GIMP…

Which reminds me of a co-worker who wanted to incorporate GIMP images into a LaTeX document, so she googled it.

Apparently, that is the apotheosis of NSFW.

 SFReader replied to this comment from David L | June 7, 2024 02:02
168:

Re: 'When you buy a Mac, iPhone, or iPad (and a few other things) from Apple or VARs you can have them enrolled into your ABM/ASM MDM account and you then control them. If you want. You CAN put all kinds of pre-loaded settings and restrictions. And brick them if not returned or stolen. And more.'

Thanks for the info!

Are employees informed about this?

 Moz replied to this comment from SFReader | June 7, 2024 02:25
169:

Are employees informed about this?

That their employers devices are controlled by the employer?

In my limited experience employment contracts all have clauses both about hardware and software used as part of the job. From "don't smash your employers stuff" to "don't steal the software" to "no browsing for porn using work internet".

Unless you're the child of the majority owner, in which case requests to have porn sites unblocked and complaints about your bandwidth being throttled will be treated as major oversteps by the IT person... at least until said owner is given a list of blocked websites and asked which ones should be unblocked, since the blocks are compnay-wide and it will take a couple of days work to transition systems to allow per-person whitelists. Important use of valuable person's time, or accept petulant whining by spoilt child? That's the sort of important work the company owner has to do.

I mean, so I hear. I imagine this is how it would go, if something like this happened. Probably.

 Moz | June 7, 2024 02:44
170:

On the image editing/drawing front, I was releived to find InkScape (SVG editor) and later Mermaid (markup-based diagramming tool) because my image needs at work are 99% of the time "draw a block diagram".

I got excited recently when I discovered that the "insert/edit diagram" button in gitwiki now has quite a whizzy drag'n'drop editor rather than the old "edit text, preview to see what happened". But sadly that turns out to be some ugly blob embedded in SVG that can only be viewed or edited by the specific tool (GraphIO). It's technically editable as SVG but in a really ugly way. Feels like yet another "embrace, extend and destroy". Most annoying.

Hopefully Copilot+/Recall finds it all entertaining.

 Sean Taylor replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 7, 2024 03:04
171:

As one of those younger users who grew up with computers I can say that I am frankly shocked about the lack of IT literacy Most of my friends know how to use a computer to an extent (Although they are typically far more comfortable with their phones), but they have absolutely no idea how it works under the hood Of course computers are not the only thing that people of my generation use but generally don't understand Most people of my generation wouldn't know how to change a car's oil or fix flat tire let alone something more recondite like figuring out that a belt has gotten loose and is missing with the engine's timing or something myself very much included the only reason I know that those kinds of issues can even happen is because my flatmate is in his mid-60s and actually understands how cars works and wanted my help to try and diagnose a fault with a car's infotainment system (Something I actually somewhat understand) and proceeded to talk my ear off about the other issues he had fixed.

Interestingly, both cars and computers have something in common which might explain the decrease in literacy. Initially when they first became available they required you have a great deal of skill and understanding of them to operate them (or employ someone who did) as time has gone on the user experience has gotten better and better with a lot of complexity under the hood (so to speak) increasingly abstracting away the actual underlying mechanisms To the point where operation is sufficiently simple that a user does not need to understand them and The underlying mechanisms are now so complex that your average user gives up long before they achieve any level of understanding because there's no real motivation for them to do so because it is unnecessary for operation.

There is probably some theoretical optimal point which is likely in the past, where there is enough abstraction that it's easy enough to pick up enough for something to be useful enough that you're motivated to learn more but not so complex or so easy that you can't be bothered to learn more If I'm making sense

 alantyson | June 7, 2024 04:13
172:

I can't speak to "the year of Linux on the Desktop," but, I decided as soon as I heard about this that learning Linux was going to be my summer project. I also plan on proselytizing to all my friends, most of whom are at least as tech-savvy as I am. I am not, as a rule, especially tech-savvy, but I can search a directory and I'm comfortable doing stuff in the command line if I'm following a tutorial. Shit, I was just starting to feel like I was getting kinda good at Windows, making it do what I wanted it to.

Ubuntu sounds pretty great as a distribution, but just for fun, do folks have any other recommendations for a couple of Windows 10-11 converts with basic computer literacy and the ability to read an install doc?

On the subject of Photoshop replacements, Krita is Linux-compatible, open-source, and can do nearly everything Photoshop can and has a near-identical layout. It can even do pretty nice animations! I replaced Photoshop with it years ago, ditto Illustrator with Inkscape and InDesign with Scribus (although that last one... winces and loosens tie).

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | June 7, 2024 05:01
173:

Primarily (IIRC) blend modes on adjustment layers. It's been a while since I last tried it. And at the time NIC Filters didn't work with GIMP.

Affinity Photo has those, and lots else as well. It has more features than Photoshop CS5 (which is the last version of Photoshop I own). It's a lot faster than Photoshop CS5, despite being more capable — edits that took seconds now seem instantaneous.

You can also install some Photoshop plugins. The Nik suite (ColorEfex, SilverEfex, et al) work nicely. I couldn't get Flexify to work (someone who actually understands the guts of the OS like David might be able to).

Some of the tools have different names, which took me some getting used to. Serif tech support was really good about answering "how do I do xxx" questions.

 Howard NYC | June 7, 2024 05:05
174:

okay... what about protecting whistleblowers at Microsoft who have a clear grasp upon what really motivated this latest shitstorm...?

"Opinion: The risks of AI could be catastrophic. We should empower company workers to warn us"

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/06/opinions/artificial-intelligence-risks-chat-gpt-lessig/index.html

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 7, 2024 05:13
175:

"House Minority Whip"

"Beating Eggs Into Froth"

etc

there's a zillion others that will get you in deep, deep, really deep

 David L replied to this comment from SFReader | June 7, 2024 05:17
176:

Are employees informed about this?

This is normal these days. SAP and Google down to 3 person law firm. I spell it out in on boarding.

Any business of 100 people or more that isn't on the MDM band wagon is seriously getting left behind.

And with Microsoft also. Intune is their big MDM thing. And supposedly the new features for Apple products which are will be out soon (maybe just out) don't suck anymore.

 Rocketpjs | June 7, 2024 06:00
177:

I certainly assume that anything I do on my work computer or cell phone can be observed by someone in the IT department.

I'm not particularly worried about someone counting keystrokes to make sure I'm working hard enough - my work is only tangentially on the computer when I'm documenting and tracking work I do elsewhere. Not to mention that if I ever got wind of anything like that I'd be out the door at a brisk walk with a brief farewell to my coworkers, which would leave them in a dire situation as there are very few people whose skills combine trades work (building maintenance) and social work (the buildings are homeless shelters etc). And fewer that will do it for the wage offered.

But I would never, ever log into my personal email on that computer, nor do any sort of banking or anything else. I've never met the IT people, and even if I had why would I give them access to my bank accounts? I don't even give my children access to that stuff, and someday they will own it all.

No need, I have my own devices for personal use anyway.

 paws4thot | June 7, 2024 06:09
178:

165 - You mean like "several SF Cons have resulted in $Conhotel selling out of soft drink(s)"? Nojay and I are just 2 of the Scottish con goers who can attest to this.
Your key indicators for the spike are $Conhotel has a con in Week_N of the financial year.

167 - Or there was the IS department who decided to set "sex" (case insensitive) as an NSFW string, on a bio-medical database. Yes, really.

 JHomes replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 7, 2024 06:57
179:

'decided to set "sex" (case insensitive) as an NSFW string, on a bio-medical database'

When I was working for a company that handled financial transactions for a number of clients, a lot of those transactions contained an "Analysis" field. You can guess the abbreviation that got picked for it, long before NSFW became an issue.

JHomes.

 Moz | June 7, 2024 07:33
180:

I wonder if the MS gadget has key phrases it looks for that triggers alarms like the "vending machine out of vodka'n'lime" alarm?

I kind of assume not given the previous issues, but on the other hand "everything works better with AI"{tm}

 Greg Tingey | June 7, 2024 09:04
181:

Sorry to be late for the parade, but what is "GIMP"?
Oops ... right:
GNU Image Manipulation Program
Which tells me all I need to know - IIRC the square of 34 (as in "Rule") is 1156 & since we are talking about images of 3-d people, perhaps it should be "Rule 39304"

Sean Taylor
What about those of us, left behind after the raputure, who got no further than FORTRAN_IV or VisualBasic's early versions?

@ 178 & 179
Cue all the usual horror stories about Bidwatchers ( "Blue Tits" for instance" ), towns in Lincolnshire & Yorkshire ( Scunthorpe & Penistone, respectively ) or a village in (?) Kent ( Pratt's Bottom ) & so on & on & on ....

 Howard NYC | June 7, 2024 09:18
182:

yes the theme of this thread is "Microsoft + CoPilot + Recall = suicide"

but this is not the only entry into the "2024 Annual Really Stupid Products Contest" -- informally nicknamed "the Edsel" whose award trophy is a Purple Furby quaffing a can of Coke II -- there's what some knuckleheads in Texas are intent upon.

QUOTE: “We’re thrilled to bring to fruition the long-held vision for a national stock exchange in Texas,” TXSE Group founder and CEO James Lee said in a statement

Apparently there's no fiber cabling which could ever reach New York, Philadelphia, Toronto, Paris, Tokyo, et al.

Or is this a serious effort at splitting red states from blue states, this being one of a thousand pieces of critical infrastructure necessary to resurrect the Confederate States of America (1861-1865)...?

too bad Texas cannot seem to keep the lights on consistently... someone ought tell them, they need electricity to operate a stock exchange

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/05/investing/texas-stock-exchange/index.html

 Michel2Bec replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 7, 2024 10:29
183:

"They often have less literacy. "

As a small business owner, I can confirm this, even among CS graduates. My generation people (I graduated in 1990) who were into computers were often geeks and interested in internals.

Current generation are only in for "making a living". A very different attitude.

Back to "Is Microsoft trying to commit suicide?" :

I think there is erosion of the privacy baseline, as described in this recent Bruce Schneier article :

https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2024/06/online-privacy-and-overfishing.html

current generations simply do not expect very much privacy. The readers of this blog skew older (and to "the spectrum" I guess).

And if you think about it, privacy is a fairly recent invention (18th-19th century), entire civilizations worked without very much privacy, with servants knowing the most intimate details of the lives of their masters (for those who had the means of having servants) well into the fifties and communal living for those who had not the means.

I personally HATE it, but I'm a loner geek. Contrast with the number of people happily sharing their life on social media.

I fear it is already too late.

 Martin Rodgers replied to this comment from Vulch | June 7, 2024 10:51
184:

Does anyone know if Danah Boyd has commented on Recall yet? ISTR privacy and your people were topics that came up in her research. Looking at her blog, I see this is still her focus of interest. Two decades on, the technology has changed, but not improved. The same moral panics occur. The gap in understanding and perceptions between generations still exist.

So she might well have some useful comments to make on Recall. As she still works for Microsoft Research, I don't expect her to make any public comments on this, but if she has, then I'll be interested to read or hear them.

 Martin Rodgers replied to this comment from Martin Rodgers | June 7, 2024 10:57
185:

Argh, sorry. Her name is danah boyd. Lower case. I prefer lower case myself, but auto-capitalise when posting anywhere capitalising is the normal. Oops.

https://www.danah.org/ https://www.zephoria.org/thoughts/

 Michel2Bec replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 7, 2024 11:32
186:

"Which reminds me of a co-worker who wanted to incorporate GIMP images into a LaTeX document, so she googled it.

Apparently, that is the apotheosis of NSFW."

Comparing the results of DuckDuckGo and Google on this is educating.

 Greg Tingey | June 7, 2024 12:53
187:

Howard NYC
I assume you've seen all the OTHER projects, openly supported & encouraged by the Texas GQC party ... heading at full-speed towards christofascism & Gilead?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 7, 2024 13:18
188:

No need, I have my own devices for personal use anyway.

There is a growing trend for organizations to allow the use of personal devices; indeed, to sometimes require them because no company device is provided.

A few years before the pandemic my school board dealt with the lack of teacher computers (which were increasingly required to as more administration shifted online) not by providing more computers but by encouraging teachers to install software on their phones so they could access email and other board resources. Which software could remotely erase the entire phone (not just the work-related functionality).

I ruffled feathers by advising against it, pointing out that several teacher had already had problems with mistaken identities such as mail meant for them being sent to teachers at other schools with the similar names, money intended for them being reimbursed to other people, and could the board really be trusted to not erase the wrong phone by mistake? (There were by then several cases of other employers doing just that, with no legal recourse for the workers because by installing the software you had to click-through a license giving the employer that right.)

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 7, 2024 13:51
189:

Just like with politicians, more and more officials at schools, middle managers at companies, and similar are making decisions without any idea of the ramifications. Part of this is arrogance. But part of it is these kinds of decisions never had to be made 20 or 40 years ago. So the learned experience isn't there.

While I think some of the EU GDPR implementations go a bit too far, I'm a long way from most US tech nerds who don't see any downsides to mixing personal and business things. And when I bring these issues up with the very small businesses I deal with most of the time the reaction is:
"Hmmm. Never thought of that."

The ones that don't care I don't work with for very long.

My wife is constantly bumping into people planing to send text messages to customers without first asking permissions. Both at the airline she did work for and at the financial institution where she works now. And at both the internal lawyers made it clear many times that the permission MUST BE GOTTEN.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 7, 2024 13:57
190:

not by providing more computers but by encouraging teachers to install software on their phones so they could access email and other board resources. Which software could remotely erase the entire phone (not just the work-related functionality).

The hallmark of an MDM that shouldn't be used. Or a decent one that was poorly used. A decent MDM should allow for business/school/government supplied software to be distributed and later erased with its data but not the entire phone wiped. The wipe the phone option is there to deal with things like TLAs and law enforcement or organization owned devices.

There is some pull back these days with companies less interested in allowing customer devices to access data at the level same as organization devices. Security is harder to control on BYOD things.

 Ultra Bithalver | June 7, 2024 13:58
191:

For your question in the title: we (as whole world) do not have that luck.

 David L replied to this comment from Ultra Bithalver | June 7, 2024 15:06
192:

Personally I think they are running scared. At some levels of the term. They don't want to get left behind and also don't want to "me to". So they came up with this new enhanced "Clippy". Which may just die a slow death. Or not.

Or Co-pilot may wind up very different from the initial PR but by keeping the name, all it well in the messaging to the press and C-Levels.

 Retiring replied to this comment from David L | June 7, 2024 15:51
193:

Running scared? The company is worth 3 trillion dollars. MS, Apple, and Nvidia together make up 20% of the S&P 500.

I suppose when you are on top, there's nowhere to go but down. So maybe they are scared.

 paws4thot | June 7, 2024 16:04
194:

186 - I guess "GIMP " followed by "suit(s)"?

188 - I automatically have issues with "providing your own device" because "terces" (spelled backwards).

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 7, 2024 16:51
195:

The company is worth 3 trillion dollars.

They don't want to start on the path to become the next Novell, dBase, Nortel, Nokia, WordPerfect, AOL, Compuserve or even IBM.

Yes IBM is still out there and big. But has been shrinking for a long time.

And what about GE?

My point was at this moment in time AI is swamping the mindspace of the IT world. MS wants to make sure people think MS is the major player in AI. Even if things fizzle in a few years.

 Richard H replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 7, 2024 16:56
196:

not to mention "latex"...

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Retiring | June 7, 2024 17:01
197:

when you are on top, there's nowhere to go but down.

Not only that: the C-suite execs' bonuses are based on stock price performance over the preceding quarter. So if they can't push the line up, they personally lose out.

(You don't get to the C-suite until you're in your forties, or older, which is also the level at which the earning curve goes exponential: meaning they don't have many productive years there in which to max out their personal wealth, so they can't really justify taking a long term view to begin with. And then you add a very short termist incentive on top.)

 alantyson | June 7, 2024 17:14
198:

Here's a silly question, the answer to which will almost certainly be "no," but I'm curious about the reasoning behind that "no."

If Microsoft has decided to play ball with the MPAA and not take screenshots of DRM's media, could it be possible to somehow spoof Recall into thinking it's looking at something DRM and go "whoops, sorry guv, never mind, carry on." Like, whatever signifier DRM has, could you put that same signifier on something (or anything) you wanted to keep safe from Recall?

 Dale Allen | June 7, 2024 17:31
199:

The University of Texas is whole heartedly pushing Microsoft Copilot to faculty and staff through their Microsoft 365 accounts. Here's the email I received yesterday: https://t.e2ma.net/message/zb8d5h/vks44r1b

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 7, 2024 17:32
200:

Howard NYC @ 163:

no, good enough would be an external pluggable DVD drive as part of out-of-cardboard-box installation process... one time usage, right?

I don't like external DVD drives. I prefer them mounted internally ... realizing that's MY hangup.

the hassle is avoiding goons -- AKA lawyers from Microsoft -- breaking my legs for using an obsolete product installed off any DVDs supposedly destroyed a decade ago

It's called "perpetual license". As long as you have that original cordboard-box with the original "certificate of authenticity" the lawyers can go fuck themselves. Micro$oft won't support it, but they can't deny you using it.

another hassle is being driven back to being a gearhead for my new laptop as per Harley Davidson oil drippers -- motorcycles needing constant tender care -- when all I want is to browse the web, attempt to finish my novel's full manuscript, and locate amusing cat videos... well that... and my personal preferences in porn remaining private

I'm willing to join a class action lawsuit against Micro$haft. I just found a new icon for the abomination on my Windoze10 taskbar! A quick search showed me how to disable the icon, but so far nothing for how to completely remove it from my system.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 7, 2024 17:41
201:

Dave Lester @ 167:

"          …GIMP…"

Which reminds me of a co-worker who wanted to incorporate GIMP images into a LaTeX document, so she googled it.

Apparently, that is the apotheosis of NSFW.

There's a outdoors/sporting goods company here in the U.S. called "DICK'S Sporting Goods" - NEVER make the mistake of using less than the complete name in your search terms.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from JohnS | June 7, 2024 17:45
202:

"I'd need to build another computer to install Linux on to give it another try & I'm not really in a position where I can do that.

Even if it can now do 100% of what I can already do with my existing setup, what's the advantage to be gained from switching?"

Getting away from Windows. Really, the entire conversation we have been having so far. It's never been easier to make the switch. You can even install Linux on your Windows box without loosing Windows (they dual boot). So run your version of photoshop on Windows, and click over to Linux when you want to copy the file over to something running there.

 Get Serious | June 7, 2024 17:48
203:

Would younger users who grew up with computers have more IT literacy?

Do people today that grew up with automobiles have more automotive literacy?

 Retiring replied to this comment from David L | June 7, 2024 17:49
204:

MS wants to make sure people think MS is the major player in AI.

I think they've got that covered. They essentially bought OpenAI, and restored Sam Altman to the throne.

More than likely, they are now casting around for ways to actually use what they bought, and some bright spark from MS Research who was raised on Gordon Bell's knee and thoroughly indoctrinated with MyLifeBits proposed this, and management said, OK, why not?

I don't think it will do much -- not enough user context -- but I don't really see much of a downside for MS here. We'll probably see more of such experiments from them.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from alantyson | June 7, 2024 17:49
205:

"Ubuntu sounds pretty great as a distribution, but just for fun, do folks have any other recommendations for a couple of Windows 10-11 converts with basic computer literacy and the ability to read an install doc?"

So, with Linux, there is a separation between the underlying operating system, and the user interface that you see on the screen. In that, almost any operating system can use almost any user interface. Ubuntu is an operating system, and the user interface that most closely resembles a Windows experience is called "Mate". When you download Ubuntu, it gives you various options regarding which UI you want, including that one.

As I write this, I am running Mate on Ubuntu Linux. It works great : )

 John E replied to this comment from alantyson | June 7, 2024 17:54
206:

Apparently people have tried with the prerelease, and the existing method a program can use to mark its windows as 'cannot be screenshotted' (SetWindowDisplayAffinity(WDA_EXCLUDEFROMCAPTURE), if you're interested) also excludes them from Recall. But that does require cooperation from the program in question.

 Retiring | June 7, 2024 18:01
207:

They're already fixing it.

https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/06/microsoft-makes-recall-feature-off-by-default-after-security-and-privacy-backlash/

It will now be opt-in.

 alantyson replied to this comment from John E | June 7, 2024 18:33
208:

Huh! Good to know there's at least some wiggle room.

Also thanks DeMarquis, that clears up some confusion on my part -- I wasn't sure if Mate was another distribution, or a "version" of Ubuntu, or what. My wife and I are about 75% done with a very stressful move, and I think part of my decompression afterwards will be putting Ubuntu on a 10-year-old Windows box that's been gathering dust for ages (because, get this: I couldn't run it without Windows Defender causing the Disk usage to shoot up to 100% and stay there, making the computer sound, in my wife's words, like it was about to take off from the helipad).

 DeMarquis | June 7, 2024 19:01
209:

I guess it's getting...

[Removes glasses]

...recalled.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from alantyson | June 7, 2024 19:33
210:

No probs--I hope you enjoy your little project. However, it you're trying to revive an old computer--a different set up might be more ideal for you. To get Ubuntu/Mate working properly really requires about a gig of RAM and a gigahertz of CPU. If your old unit doesn't have that, then try a different UI called "XFCE", which requires less RAM than Mate. You can switch UI's even after installing the OS.

 Retiring replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 7, 2024 19:59
211:

I use a variant of Ubuntu called Xubuntu, which ships with Xfce. No complaints.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 7, 2024 20:03
212:

Robert Prior @ 188:

"No need, I have my own devices for personal use anyway."

There is a growing trend for organizations to allow the use of personal devices; indeed, to sometimes require them because no company device is provided.

I went through that 30+ years ago when I got my first cell phone.

I ended up telling an employer that if he expected me to be "on call" 24/7 he could pay me for my overtime and that I wasn't going to use MY cell phone for company business; that it was MY phone, I paid for it & I would use it for MY convenience (which at the time did include making short calls to customers and/or the office while I was on the road because pay phones were going away).

Oddly enough, when the employer later fired me for "insubordination" THAT particular episode was NOT mentioned.

This was the burglar alarm company. They were sold just before I was called up for Desert Storm, restructured and when I came back from mobilization I had a new ABUSIVE manager. I lasted about 3-1/2 years.

At the time the employer made extensive use of FAX machines. I kept copy's of EVERY written communication from the employer PLUS my written response to those communications and was able to PROVE the lie to the Employment Security Commission and obtain unemployment compensation ... not that I needed it since I had already found a better job with a "local" computer manufacturer.

My only regret was for my customers, because I knew the shoddy quality of the work the new management provided because I had to go in & clean up some of their accounts in addition to serving my own customers.

Come to think of it, this was my first experience with "private equity" buying an existing company and running it into bankruptcy.

 JohnS replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 7, 2024 20:17
213:

DeMarquis @ 202:

"I'd need to build another computer to install Linux on to give it another try & I'm not really in a position where I can do that."
"Even if it can now do 100% of what I can already do with my existing setup, what's the advantage to be gained from switching?""

Getting away from Windows. Really, the entire conversation we have been having so far. It's never been easier to make the switch. You can even install Linux on your Windows box without loosing Windows (they dual boot). So run your version of photoshop on Windows, and click over to Linux when you want to copy the file over to something running there.

That doesn't appear to be sufficient advantage to offset the expense & aggravation. The cost:benefit just isn't there for me.

I have no compelling application that requires Linux to run. And to be perfectly honest, I don't see the problems with Micro$oft becoming compelling enough for me to NEED to switch.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from JohnS | June 7, 2024 20:20
214:

Fair enough, though I will point out that most Linux distributions are free. They require a learning curve, though, so there's that.

 whitroth replied to this comment from alantyson | June 7, 2024 20:21
215:

Summer project? So, what are you going to do the rest of the summer?

Seriously, all the Unix/Linux is sooooo hard is bs from decades ago. All the distros come up, by default after installation, in graphical mode - as in windowing software.

For those who don't know - on o/s has multiple layers (OSI gives you an idea). M$ made the stupidest decision to put the GUI in ring zero, the core of the o/s. Nix is this way: there's the o/s, then there's the windowing software (remember Win 3?), then there's the window manager. If you don't like one window manager, there are a *ton to choose from, including FVWM2 (no, certainly that doesn't stand for Feeble Virtual Window Manager, I mean, just because it looks like old Windows...) To change, system settings, and you can graphically see and test what you're getting.

I'm running almalinux, because IBM screwed over CentOS when they bought RedHat (though I'm wondering if I might like Rocky better - both are like RH, which is what I've used mostly, and prefer). You might prefer Ubuntu (which is based on debian.) All of them - trust me, between 2009 and 2019, I installed a lot of linux on a lot of boxes - take an hour or two to install, and you're ready to make some minor customizations.

DO NOT USE ROOT AS YOUR NORMAL ACCOUNT. Create yourself as a user, and use that.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 7, 2024 20:23
216:

That's so unAmerican. The vending machine has only tonic water, you'll have to get the gin and lime in a store.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 7, 2024 20:27
217:

yes I've have heard their motto

"Onwards...! To The Past™...!"

 whitroth replied to this comment from Michel2Bec | June 7, 2024 20:27
218:

Odd. When I put in "incorporate GIMP image into latex document" what I get is what they were looking for.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 7, 2024 20:30
219:
You do the monthly Patch Tuesday from M$ religiously, correct?
How much longer will they provide security fixes?
Linux runs on anything, unlike Win11 "your computer can't handle Win11, you need a new computer".
 whitroth | June 7, 2024 20:33
220:

Had a thought to deal with "AI" and recall: have an "AI" make deepfakes, with voice, of chief execs. Did I mention nude deepfakes?

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from JohnS | June 7, 2024 20:33
221:

There's a outdoors/sporting goods company here in the U.S. called "DICK'S Sporting Goods" - NEVER make the mistake of using less than the complete name in your search terms.

Google Search more or less killed the utility of the web as online tech support for the Pick Operating System, thanks to it being named after its principal developer, one Dick Pick.

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 7, 2024 20:36
222:

What I think will be my last comment on this for a while.

There was a segment on the US Cable network msNBC this morning. A firm did an analysis of the various LLM chat bots for accuracy about the upcoming US election. On average they gave incorrect factual information over 25% of the time. From a low of just under 20% for one up to nearly 40% for another.

And this is what the search engines want everyone to start trusting?

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 7, 2024 20:43
223:

XFCE is my preferred Linux GUI, but you have to tweak it a little to make it Windows-like, but that's not difficult. One of the amazing joys of Linux, (and particularly XFCE) is its configurability.

The key to configuring XFCE is to right click on stuff. This should bring up a menu.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 7, 2024 20:48
224:

of those listed, GE was wrecked by John Francis Welch Jr. (4Q Welch, burn in hell)

never mind what he said, what he focused upon was boosting share price in the dreaded "quarter to quarter" timeframe at the cost of damaging GE's longer term expansion... Welch reduced basic research to as close to zero as he could without alienating customers, and sold off under-performing businesses which would need another ten years to reach full value

whereas several of others you listed, such as Novell-Nokia-WordPerfect (and many others not mentioned) having made an effort towards innovation and risk taking and growth by way of genuine value to their customers... but were crushed by megacorp better at slick marketing and/or legislative lobbying

Microsoft fears being in the shade yet again... If not Google then Apple, or any of a dozen other, lesser megacorp... which perversely includes that most fearsome gigacorp: Amazon

its web services division is still a threat...

it all comes back to which KPI are basis for bonus evaluation and/or job promotion

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 7, 2024 20:56
225:

https://www.dykeslumber.com/

and then there's Dykes Lumber...

quite a mixed message for anyone with a filthy mind...

motto: "Dykes since 1909"

...which has shifted in its meaning since 1909

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Get Serious | June 7, 2024 21:14
226:

my father made certain I knew how to gap spark plugs though he never recommended it as a routine thing since there came the point where I was earning more at my day job than the hourly rate I'd paid to a pro auto mechanic... but I knew enough to spot deliberate scams and/or gross incompetence

every woman I've dated was shocked whenever I fixed something in her apartment -- and it stayed functional -- to the point where I found myself[1] being 'loaned out' to her female friends whose boyfriends were clueless about basics of oiling hinges (never mind rehanging a door)... "learned helplessness"

or over a brutal three day weekend[2], ended up swapping five flat tires on friends cars because they were all utterly clueless and AAA was overloaded...

"learned helplessness" not limited to females in the 1950s... there it was on display amongst moderately wealthy males in the 1990s

====

[1] I put up with it for all the usual reasons but also insisted upon a quid pro quo of her introducing my single male friends (all of whom were decent but shy nerds) to her single female friends (typically adverse to shy guys)... several such couples eventually married

[2] what made it brutal was me drinking too much, there being a cloudless sky and dealing with entitled fools who in 2024 would be termed "Karens" regardless of gender... they sneered at a white collar professional who was tool savvy

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 7, 2024 21:14
227:

having made an effort towards innovation and risk taking and growth by way of genuine value to their customers... but were crushed by megacorp better at slick marketing and/or legislative lobbying

We fundamentally disagree. They all tried to keep the world from changing. And failed.

Not that their competition didn't help them fail but still they failed to adopt as the world changed. (And some tried to convince the world that the changes were bad.) Too rapidly for them.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 7, 2024 21:29
228:

I've mentioned before, I forced my kids to read at least the first chapter, and the first couple pages of each chapter, on a book from the 1970s, "the Volkeswagon Repair Manual, a Guide for the Complete Idiot" (nothing to do with the "Idiot" books). It starts with "how to buy a used car", and goes on with sounds, smells, and sights. You can use it to go from an oil change to rebuild your engine. And by reading it, my kids (including three women, now, not girls) were not going to be screwed over by a car repair shop.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 7, 2024 21:48
229:

hence my use of snowflake triggering phrase...

"learned helplessness"

staggering degree of it... both genders, all age groups, every religious denomination...

ought be my next netflix pitch: a post-crash semi-comedy of survivors unable to operate a manual can opener and slowly starving in a warehouse filled with canned food

 Mr. Tim | June 7, 2024 22:24
230:

ought be my next netflix pitch: a post-crash semi-comedy of survivors unable to operate a manual can opener and slowly starving in a warehouse filled with canned food

I remember figuring out in Boy Scouts that you didn't need a can opener, a simple Boy Scout (TM) knife would do the trick, although it was kind of tough on the knife. :(

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 7, 2024 22:39
231:

"XFCE is my preferred Linux GUI, but you have to tweak it a little to make it Windows-like, but that's not difficult. One of the amazing joys of Linux, (and particularly XFCE) is its configurability."

Ah, yes. You have identified the primary benefit of using Linux--owner control. It's my damn computer, I should get to decide exactly how it functions. That includes when and where it saves, what information it collects on me, what's running in the background at any time, don't need an account with anybody to boot my own computer up...

It requires some time and practice to learn all the quirks involved in running it, but the benefit of that is you end up learning all the quirks involved in running it. Knowledge is power, baby...

 SFReader replied to this comment from Retiring | June 7, 2024 22:50
232:

Re: 'They're already fixing it.'

Looks like it's getting press coverage in the financials in some countries.

https://www.cnbc.com/2024/06/07/microsoft-says-its-upcoming-recall-featu.html

https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/microsoft-beefs-up-security-of-windows-ai-tool-after-outcry-1.2082625

 Greg Tingey | June 7, 2024 22:55
233:

Howard NYC @ 226
Learned Helplessness is still alive & kicking I'm afraid ... Never mind spark-plugs, there's using feeler gauges to get tappet settings right, or re-timing an engine without a strobe, or re-wiring your own house, or doing basic plumbing, or (very basic) workshop practice ....
The amount of money I've saved, over the years is considerable, especially for someone of limited means, like myself....

 JohnS replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 7, 2024 23:35
234:

Greg Tingey @ 233:

Howard NYC @ 226
Learned Helplessness is still alive & kicking I'm afraid ... Never mind spark-plugs, there's using feeler gauges to get tappet settings right, or re-timing an engine without a strobe, or re-wiring your own house, or doing basic plumbing, or (very basic) workshop practice ....
The amount of money I've saved, over the years is considerable, especially for someone of limited means, like myself....

OTOH, that shit gets harder to do every day as I get older. It really gripes me to pay someone else to do stuff I'm perfectly competent to do myself ... but the amount of physical pain I have to endure to crawl around under this house to replace a water heater is just beyond belief.

I'm just gonna' have to bite the bullet & get a plumber out here.

 JohnS replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 7, 2024 23:39
235:

DeMarquis @ 214:

Fair enough, though I will point out that most Linux distributions are free. They require a learning curve, though, so there's that.

I know that. The hardware to run the distro on is NOT.

Plus there's the required investment of time in figuring out how to configure it once I get it installed.

I am running a Linux box for my home-built NAS/file server ... TrueNAS, which I think is Ubuntu based; a case where it was to my advantage to build a Linux system over what I could buy from Micro$oft et al.

But the unexpected expenses just keep piling on and I don't have the resources - money OR TIME any more.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 7, 2024 23:50
236:

Re: Learned helplessness

Don't know any clinical stats on this but often this is a condition that is forced on people not something they opt for. Teasing/making fun of people who don't have the same level of skill and often elbowing them aside instead of encouraging/offering to teach them taking into account their abilities/disabilities. IOW, it's the result of intellectual/knowledge/skill bullying.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learned_helplessness

This is different from: 'I'm making enough money to hire a pro, so I will ... instead of spending cognitive time/energy on this task as opposed to something I'd rather be doing.' Also different from: 'I've tried to do this myself a few times and I absolutely suck at it.' Hey, each person is unique.

OOC - my impression is that the field of computer science/programming has grown a lot - very many areas (old & new) have been discussed on this blog. So, is your typical uni compsci grad actually able to do any compsci task on day 1 at any compsci org or has the real world of compsci at the point where new recruits require specialized training before they're allowed to touch anything?

Related to both of the above: how bad is bullying (specifically insulting a person's intelligence/know-how) at compsci orgs?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 7, 2024 23:57
237:

Mr. Tim @ 230:

"ought be my next netflix pitch: a post-crash semi-comedy of survivors unable to operate a manual can opener and slowly starving in a warehouse filled with canned food"

I remember figuring out in Boy Scouts that you didn't need a can opener, a simple Boy Scout (TM) knife would do the trick, although it was kind of tough on the knife. :(

My Boy Scout knife had a can opener blade; also a bottle opener - but that was back in the days before pop-top cans and soft drinks with screw on tops.

I still have a substantial supply of P-38 can openers, and even as decrepit as I've gotten lately, I can open a can of cat food with one faster than most people can with an electric can opener (no longer have a cat though).

... and here at home I still mostly use the old fashion "clamp on the rim of the can and twist the handle" style of can opener. I bought a substantial one several years back. Don't even have an electric can opener.

 Mr. Tim | June 8, 2024 00:05
238:

But the unexpected expenses just keep piling on and I don't have the resources - money OR TIME any more.

I can't help you with the time, but if you have 30G free (at least to start) on any of your Windows boxes, (assuming the Win7 box is 64 bit) you can download & install VirtualBox for free. After that you can create a virtual machine and load any OS that works (including MacOS I think). Windows needs a lot more disk space than Linux, but that 30G is more than enough to get Linux going. As had been said, Ubuntu is free as well.

BTW, replying to a previous post, I do have Windows 10 running on a 15 year old laptop. (Core 2, 2.3 Ghz) I did max out the memory (8G) and put an SSD disk in it, but it works (although a bit sluggish, Win 7 was definitely faster)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 8, 2024 00:23
239:

dude, have you interacted with Gen Y or Gen Z or anybody amongst the "one-percenters caste" (1% = moderately wealthy) ? or those "point-ones caste" (0.1% richest)?

when there's a problem with an overflowing, the division of labor amongst 'em, if a married couple, one will mix martinis whilst the other berates the plumber for not being quicker in showing up at 3 AM to fix it...

they'd die of thirst if ever trapped on an escalator that lost power

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 8, 2024 00:28
240:

overflowing ==> overflowing toilet

4Q long covid

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from SFReader | June 8, 2024 00:33
241:

where I've seen it, adults who just cannot do basics

changing a tire; checking tire pressure and adding air; plungering a toilet; oiling a squeaky hinge; setting up a drip perc with free ground coffee; scrubbing out the coffee pot;

the list is long

and amongst those with an MBA or PHD it is very long

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 8, 2024 01:20
242:

Ahh yes, someone once wanted to find a children's book about a Canadian Mountie and a bear. She googled for it and said "You'll never guess what came up!"

"Hairy men on rugs in front of a fireplace?"

"How did you know??"

"Educated guess."

 Mr. Tim replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 8, 2024 01:39
243:

Got a flat tire (christmas eve, late at night, snowy roads, yuck).

Figured out (eventually) where the spare tire was located and changed it out.

When I got to the garage I use, the service manager was amazed I actually changed it. He told me the story of a customer who drove some ridiculous number of miles on a flat (do not recall the number). Not only did he destroy the tire, he destroyed the wheel and the brake mechanism.

At least I didn't feel so bad feeling like an idiot not being able to find the tire (it was underneath the car, and the snow had covered the access port).

 SFReader replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 8, 2024 02:51
244:

Re: 'At least I didn't feel so bad feeling like an idiot not being able to find the tire (it was underneath the car, and the snow had covered the access port).'

Apt anecdote - our Western contemporary society has a different idea as to 'the basics': get your mobile out, search for and contact the nearest service station/tow truck. That's why the spare is hard to find. I've changed a tire once (on a highway) and will never do that again. Too damned dangerous!

About the MBAs & PhDs - could be they're wondering how someone living in the 21st century doesn't get the 21st century basics: finance, economics, plus the plethora of various new and old scientific and scholarly disciplines. We've become very specialized with different ABCs. There's also the recognition and increased interest in, therefore mixing, of different cultural heritages which has been on the upswing over the past 30 or so years which probably adds to the number of different ABCs.

However as lockdown showed: when people get bored or can't afford to hire a pro and have enough free time, they're willing to try do-it-yourself projects.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 8, 2024 03:12
245:

Learned Helplessness is still alive & kicking I'm afraid ... Never mind spark-plugs, there's using feeler gauges to get tappet settings right, or re-timing an engine without a strobe, or re-wiring your own house, or doing basic plumbing, or (very basic) workshop practice .... The amount of money I've saved, over the years is considerable, especially for someone of limited means, like myself....

Sigh. DIY is a pain in the ass afterwards.

My mom and her brother were both serious DIY types. Then they went into nursing homes and the fun started for the rest of us. Fun being spending thousands to tens of thousands getting their houses up to code so that it can be sold. It’s that last decade of independence, when physical ability and income wain in tandem, that produce the really problematic “fixes.” It’s really educational to listen to a master electrician or plumber wax eloquent to the apprentice helping him about why something is wrong, and sometimes really dangerous. Probably it’s even better to hear it hand in private embarrassment, rather than be the family member deciding who they need to share the anecdotes with.

Then there’s all the zombie tools that sat for decades in case they’d be needed again. Are they even useful enough now to donate? And the endless runs to the toxics disposal center with the scary chemicals that were legal 50 years ago and have been sitting ever since they were used once, the lead acid batteries so old they haven’t just foamed out, the anode fell off, ewaste galore, et merde.

So to the DIY crowd out there, I’ll offer the path of my other uncle: budget ahead, downsize regularly, hire help when you can’t do it anymore yourself, and enjoy what you still can do. That’s the Way I’m studying now.

 Howard NYC | June 8, 2024 03:18
246:

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/07/asia/japan-birth-rate-population-dating-app-intl-hnk/index.html

Updated fertility rate in Japan dropped from 1.26 to 1.20 (2.15 being ZPG).

So, rather than tweak the social status of women (upwards), or making Norway-style of support to new parents to be available in Japan (anemic subset being provided), the light bulb lit up over bureaucratic heads was obviously less than 50 watts... maybe as little as 20 watts...

officials in Tokyo are launching a government-run dating app, which is in early testing phases and will be fully operational later this year...

of course mention being made of it being "AI enhanced"... much the way toothpaste in 1950s was enriched with penicillin or children's pajamas included fire-retardant asbestos throughout the 1960s, et al

what could possibly go wrong™?

well, for one thing, the bureaucratic analysis clearly ignores the epic fails by South Korea's bureaucrats to reverse their fertility rate falling down to 0.78... encouraging marriages at earlier ages to extend available fertile years simply not gaining traction

for another, there's the steady outflow of Japanese women towards EU-US-CAN-etc... twentysomethings who have decided emigrating[1] to another nation offered them better opportunities for “happiness”...

so... exactly how will those "AI enhanced" aspects of this dating app offer as effectively improved over match.com? What is their notion of “twelve secret herbs 'n spices” that will lead to more marriages occurring sooner? And how will a dating app lead to more pregnancies[2] (and thus more babies)?

====

[1] two of the women I've dated were Japanese; and both came to the US for better careers; and selected New York quite deliberately looking for a “slab of kosher meat”... her words... seems Jewish guys having a certain reputation in Japan...

(will women's objectification of men ever end!?)

[2] That's one very clever piece of code, if it can get a woman pregnant more than once... well, uhm, at least 2.15 times...

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 8, 2024 03:23
247:

dude, have you interacted with Gen Y or Gen Z

Regularly.

they'd die of thirst if ever trapped on an escalator that lost power

Bullshit.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 8, 2024 03:43
248:

Sigh. DIY is a pain in the ass afterwards.

I'm finding more and more things wrong with my house that have their roots in the DIY renovations done by the previous owner. Chap was a skilled furniture upholsterer, but not so good at home renovations. Adequate enough at plastering and painting, not so good at wiring and plumbing.

The thing is no one is skilled enough to do everything in their life. DIY repairs take time and skill (which is really just more time to learn the skills) as well as equipment (which is money). Is having (or choosing) to hire someone to hang a door in your house really more contemptible than having (or choosing) to hire someone to write a novel for you to read or sing a song for you to listen to?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 8, 2024 05:29
249:

changing a tire vs. ad hoc wiring... not in the same category... as always in blog threads, there's been a bit of drift... my old fart's complaint being there's a decidedly shallow grasp of basics

not wiring a house but basic repairs such as oiling hinges... trivially easy to learn and a lifelong skill, that... whereas rehanging a door, there's enough steps and finesse and tools to make that an advanced project but safely done by 80% (85%?) of folk...

any time I've messed with wiring, I'd snake the new wires thru walls and if possible remove the old[1] and then leave it to a certified electrician to done the fiddly bits that are those most dangerous and outside my limited competence

====

[1] girlfriend's three room apartment in 1998 needed upgrading from 5 AMP to 20 AMP... electrician quoted a bizillion dollars and eight days and intent upon tearing open the walls... worst of all, not possible for three months... ouch

took me nineteen tedious hours of snaking fishing line on a heavy gauge iron nail thru gaps pinkyfinger thin in aluminum frame of non-loadbearing walls by way of a huge mo-fo magnet on exterior... done to avoid tearing open sheetrock... then tugging the fishing line to drag thru the new cabling... leaving old cabling in place so she could have lighting and air conditioner till last minute...

then she got a certified electrician to come in for a half-day to handle circuit breaker, plug panels, soldering, testing, et al...

after which I did the first wave of clean up and she did the finetuned tweezering of the carpets...

 Damian replied to this comment from SFReader | June 8, 2024 05:47
250:

Don't know any clinical stats on this but often this is a condition that is forced on people not something they opt for.

Yes, this.

Learned helplessness is a term that refers to a specific trauma response. People develop it primarily in a context where they expect to be punished for achieving stuff. It has nothing to do with DIY or anything about real concrete skills, or for that matter preparedness to take a high-risk scofflaw approach to building maintenance or speeding. And frankly IMHO it's a perfectly reasonable response to some of the crap people live through. Anyone might adopt an otherwise uncharacteristic passivity in response to certain stimuli, we should all feel relatively privileged when it doesn't happen to us.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from JohnS | June 8, 2024 05:51
251:

WTF is a water heater doing under the house!? This place has both gas and electric water heaters (no, I don't know why; it was bought like this when about 80 years old), both fully accessible from above floor level.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 8, 2024 06:23
252:

I’m sitting over a water heater right now. In a house built into a hillside.

Happens.

….

Re: changing a tire. Probably never will have to do that again because the spare tire got, erm, booted to help make room for the battery. Oh well. Time for the miscreants among us to invest in caltrop futures or some such?

 Thomas Jørgensen replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 8, 2024 07:44
253:

A government run dating site has one thing going for it Match and so on does not : Good faith.

The commercial offerings in this field make money when they fail at their avowed purpose, because the worse they are at actually setting you up with a good match, the longer you use them, as long as they can still dangle just enough hope in front of you.

This rather badly shows in their design.

Since the government actually does want you to get hitched, the incentives at least align correctly. The servers also should cost rather less than most conventional attempts at policy to encourage this.

Heck, match-making is even one of those things machine learning ought to do well. Base the site on the original OKcupid (before it got bought out) and you should have plenty of data to work with.

 David L replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 8, 2024 09:24
254:

WTF is a water heater doing under the house!?

It is a thing to have them in the attic in the UK and under or inside the house in the US. Or maybe in the basement.

I suspect some of it has to do with freezing. Under the house rarely gets below freezing in the US while up in the attic does more often. Especially if the insulation is in the ceiling. And considering the relative temps throughout the countries.

My neighbor has 2 houses near London and one 2 blocks away from me in central NC. All kinds of different assumptions in what is normal.

And he has had to deal with his in the attic water heater in one of them near London freezing in last winter's cold snap. And making a mess of things. Which hurt him somewhat as it is a rental house that was also for sale.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 8, 2024 09:39
255:

changing a tire vs. ad hoc wiring... not in the same category... as always in blog threads, there's been a bit of drift... my old fart's complaint being there's a decidedly shallow grasp of basics

Sorry folks. But life moves on. My grandfather's generation who didn't live in the city could shoe, saddle, hitch, and in general deal with a horse. My father born in 1925 on a working farm (not a ranch) not so much. But he could do plumbing, wiring, slaughter cattle and hogs, etc... I can do most of the mechanicals he could do but not the slaughter bits. Can can change a tire, fix a flat, tube or not (without the machine if I must but I also know how to use the tire changing machine), rebuild a carb, etc... My kids not as much.

As the world's tech moves forward, the skills you need for daily life change. Tires last 30K to 60K miles and minor punctures don't cause a flat. And you can drive on them a while as they slowly lead down. Roadside gas stations had inventories of common tire sizes as people driving more than an hour from home often needed a replacement tire. Now, nope. There is NO timing to set on modern auto engines. And more and more lawn mowers are electric or if not just work for 2 to 5 years OR MORE before needing ANY engine work.

All of these things many of us grew up and older with as life skills were the result of what was needed to get through daily life. Those things for most of the younger folks just last a much longer time.

Now nothing I said above means I don't think many people just toss aside things that should be repaired. But this was true 50 and 100 years ago. But man, the 1930s did a number on the repair mindset of a large percentage of the US population. But WWII production and use in the military in some ways stood that on it's head.

 Greg Tingey | June 8, 2024 09:48
256:

John S
Indeed - I could certainly no longer even contemplate getting under the floorboards to feed cable through dust holes. I'd cramp up & have to be hauled out.

Howard NYC
where I've seen it, adults who just cannot do basics You have nailed it.
Even though I went to a "Grammar" School, with good Uni results, everybody up to age 14 got basic workshop practice, which has lasted me ever since. When I worked in a research lab, the workshop staff gave me ( & a couple of other people) a lot more time & consideration, because we, at the least knew the essential basics, or would show us "how" to use a piece of kit & let us do it ourselves.
.. later ... Yes, Nipponese ( "Nihionese?" ) subjugation of women is notorious - like they ought to have an Empress, right now .. a disgraceful story.

H
"Tools" - virtually none are zombie. I have a 4-drawer filing cabinet full of basics, another smaller, relevant set on my allotment hut & a "Mech Eng" set in the car.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 8, 2024 10:45
257:

feh...

david, you've interrupted a rather enjoyable rant with your "life goes on"... so... double feh... {G}

skill sets needed are indeed evolving but there are basics... which seem nobody cares about learning basics

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from JohnS | June 8, 2024 12:00
258:

My Boy Scout knife had a can opener blade; also a bottle opener - but that was back in the days before pop-top cans and soft drinks with screw on tops.

I was going to say, yes. A quick search of my pockets turns up only one can opener (it's summer and I'm not carrying much); my Swiss Army knife has a can and bottle opening arrangement almost identical to the old Boy Scout knife. Anyone expecting to deal with cans shouldn't have to search far for a tool.

Of course, in the kitchen I've got the larger dedicated clamp & turn can openers.

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 8, 2024 12:12
259:

Got a flat tire (christmas eve, late at night, snowy roads, yuck). Figured out (eventually) where the spare tire was located and changed it out.

My flat tire story happened when I was en route to a convention. Finding and extracting the tire was no problem (BTW, kudos to Ford for a real full-size tire not a rubber doughnut); I was then stuck by not being able to find the jack! Having a trunk full of convention luggage did not help.

I can do the job if I've got the tools, but I really do need the tools.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 8, 2024 13:10
260:

my Swiss Army knife has a can and bottle opening arrangement almost identical to the old Boy Scout knife

Yes, the model I've carried for most of ever, the Victorinox Spartan, has such a blade. It very handily includes a little flat tip that serves as a screwdriver for small Phillips as well as flat screws.

https://www.victorinox.com/en-US/Products/Swiss-Army-Knives/Medium-Pocket-Knives/Spartan/p/1.3603

 Paul replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 8, 2024 14:05
261:

Dave Lester @ 167: Which reminds me of a co-worker who wanted to incorporate GIMP images into a LaTeX document, so she googled it. [Results were NSFW]

Hmmm. I just tried that to see. No, I got perfectly sane and helpful results about incorporating images into LaTeX.

I keep reading stuff about how enshittified Google Search is these days, but it doesn't match my experience. I dunno, maybe I just haven't updated my copy of Google lately.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 8, 2024 14:54
262:

Heteromeles @ 245:

"Learned Helplessness is still alive & kicking I'm afraid ... Never mind spark-plugs, there's using feeler gauges to get tappet settings right, or re-timing an engine without a strobe, or re-wiring your own house, or doing basic plumbing, or (very basic) workshop practice .... The amount of money I've saved, over the years is considerable, especially for someone of limited means, like myself...."

Sigh. DIY is a pain in the ass afterwards.

"Who did you say did the electrical work?" [YouTube]

 Paul replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 8, 2024 14:58
263:

HowardNYC @ 246: So, rather than tweak the social status of women (upwards), or making Norway-style of support to new parents to be available in Japan (anemic subset being provided), the light bulb lit up over bureaucratic heads was obviously less than 50 watts... maybe as little as 20 watts...

I expect the conversation went like this:

Expert: To increase the birthrate we've got to change our cultural norms around the way we treat women, and especially wives. They have to be treated as equals by their husbands, allowed to have careers, and maybe earn more money than their husbands. Meanwhile the husbands have got to be taking an equal share of housework and child care.

Politician: That's a guaranteed vote loser. You want me to tell voters that they've been doing it wrong all their lives, and that their honoured parents were wrong too. Men will hate it, full stop. Women will be divided: some will like the idea, but not say so. Others will reject the idea because to accept it means that they have wasted their lives up to now, and today its too late for them to do anything about it. That's a very painful thing to do. So no, we are not going to tell our voters that.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 8, 2024 15:25
264:

Robert Prior @ 248:

"Sigh. DIY is a pain in the ass afterwards."

I'm finding more and more things wrong with my house that have their roots in the DIY renovations done by the previous owner. Chap was a skilled furniture upholsterer, but not so good at home renovations. Adequate enough at plastering and painting, not so good at wiring and plumbing.

The thing is no one is skilled enough to do everything in their life. DIY repairs take time and skill (which is really just more time to learn the skills) as well as equipment (which is money). Is having (or choosing) to hire someone to hang a door in your house really more contemptible than having (or choosing) to hire someone to write a novel for you to read or sing a song for you to listen to?

I learned most of my "DIY" skills working in building trades in the 10 years between the time I dropped out of college and the time I went to work for the alarm company. I learned a good bit more from the things I had to do working FOR the alarm company (how to bend a saddle into EMT).

AND there are a lot of workmen out there doing "under the table" (SHODDY) work - sometimes working side jobs, more often incompetents whose work is so substandard they can't hold on to an actual job in the trade. Just because someone got paid to do the work doesn't mean it was done well enough to pass inspection.

... of course most "under the table" work won't get inspected.

PS: The plumber came this morning and I have hot water again. Kind of made me feel like a complete prat because it turned out to be a tripped breaker and I had checked the breaker panel FIRST thing before crawling under the house to get to the hot water heater (had to get info off the labels to identify brand & model).

In my defense I will say this house has a breaker panel with Cutler-Hammer breakers and I've always worked with Square-D equipment.

When Square-D breakers trip the handle flips half-way to off and a little red flag appears in the breaker window. Apparently when Cutler-Hammer breakers trip the handle goes all the way to the off position & there is no indicator flag. The breaker that I thought was for the water heater goes to something else & I still haven't identified what that is.

I thought the breaker that tripped was one deliberately left in the off position when I had the electrician out here to wire up the new kitchen outlets.

I'll go out later today & label the Hot Water breaker, but that leaves me still with a 240vac circuit that I don't know what it goes to.

Still leaves me with the question of why did the breaker trip for no apparent reason?

 JohnS replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 8, 2024 15:57
265:

paws4thot @ 251:

WTF is a water heater doing under the house!? This place has both gas and electric water heaters (no, I don't know why; it was bought like this when about 80 years old), both fully accessible from above floor level.

My guess is the guy who remodeled this house is an idiot and didn't give a shit about the quality of work to boot.

But it is on a well & the pressure tank is also down in the crawl space, so maybe that was part of the original installation. I'm pretty sure all the plumbing was replaced because it's all that PEX pipe and I don't think that was available when the house was originally built.

I think I've mentioned before this house has indications that it was originally a "Jim Walter Homes" style house from the 1970s.

OTOH, my old house had a full height, stand up basement and all the plumbing ran along the bottom of the floor joists. My best guess is the water heater was in the basement because that made it easy to get to.

I replaced that water heater twice while I lived there (48 years) - maybe 5 years after I moved in the existing electric water heater failed and I replaced it with a gas water heater.

About 20 years later that first gas water heater got old & the tank started leaking, so I replaced it with a newer, larger gas water heater. That second water heater was more than 20 years old when I sold the house last year.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 8, 2024 16:04
266:

I know perfectly well how to change a tire, having done it many times in my life. But...

The last time I had a flat in my Camry[1] was several years ago, and the last time before that was about 10 years prior. During the intervening 10 years the bolt which holds the spare in place had rusted shut. I had the tire and the jack, but had to call AAA because I was not strong enough to unscrew that bolt.

[1] My Tesla got a flat once when I ran into a curb. There was no choice but call AAA because Tesla does not carry a spare, nor has a place for it. I considered buying a spare wheel and a jack, but decided the annoyance of them taking up otherwise usable space outweighs the very low danger of a modern tire going flat. I am more careful about curbs now :)

 JohnS replied to this comment from Paul | June 8, 2024 16:12
267:

Paul @ 261:

"Dave Lester @ 167: "


"Which reminds me of a co-worker who wanted to incorporate GIMP images into a LaTeX document, so she googled it. [Results were NSFW]"

Hmmm. I just tried that to see. No, I got perfectly sane and helpful results about incorporating images into LaTeX.

I keep reading stuff about how enshittified Google Search is these days, but it doesn't match my experience. I dunno, maybe I just haven't updated my copy of Google lately.

Do you have "safe search" turned on? I think that was a more recent addition to Google's search engine.

I think Google's search engine results are less "enshittified" than they used to be, but the part that has got worse is how they use "users" personal DATA, but you won't see that in the results pages.

 David L replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 8, 2024 16:52
268:

I am more careful about curbs now

Yep.

I went 15 years without having to change a tire. While owning 3 vehicles. Plus none for my 2 20 something kids and their cars. (Well except for some fun with some garden tractor tires.)

Then I curbed my 18" Tundra truck against a curb storm water drain next to my daughter's house. Changing that was was just plain fun. I cork screwed the included wrench after putting a cheater pipe on it. (The tires were what came when I bought the car used and had obviously been put on by an air gun set to way too high of a torque setting.)

Anyway it was in my near term plan to replace the tires, especially that one. So it was an excuse. Then 3 months later my daughter took out the same tire on the same curb drain when she borrowed the truck. After seeing me do it. [major eye roll moment] At least then I had the road hazard coverage on the new tires so it was a pain in my time and not $200 for one tire.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Paul | June 8, 2024 17:04
269:

Is 'Safe Search' turned on?

 xbat replied to this comment from Guy Rixon | June 8, 2024 17:07
270:

Holy crap your attitude is rude, and sort of a/the problem. The kids you're disparaging did not grow up in the same world as you, and imho you should be trying to teach, not call us dipshits

 Retiring | June 8, 2024 17:24
271:

I see that Microsoft stock is up 2% for the week, over 14% year-to-date. Another botched suicide attempt!

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Retiring | June 8, 2024 18:29
272:

A market can stay irrational far longer than you can stay liquid.

However, Friday's update on the Recall fiasco is that MS are suddenly making it optional, so not enabled by default, and are promising not to push it to non-CoPilot+ Recall PCs running Windows 11 (the ones that aren't on sale yet).

Time will tell, but it sounds like a reverse-ferret manoeuvre to me.

 Errolwi replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 8, 2024 21:25
273:

While Recall not being pushed so aggressively is an improvement, it will still be available for abusers and bullying employers.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Errolwi | June 8, 2024 23:36
274:

Re: 'Recall ... will still be available for abusers and bullying employers.'

If MSFT insists on putting this into their latest offerings and given the backlash from many tech savvy sources, as a non-techie consumer/user I would insist that the 'Recall' on/off status always be visible to me/the user. Plus: any attempts at hiding or dismantling the 'on/off' status should make the entire package inoperable. Any corp interfacing with someone via laptop/computer who's using this system should also receive a notification that their interaction is not secure/private.

The closest non-techie analogy I can think of is: just because you've been invited over to dinner at a friend's does not give you the right to rummage through their closets/drawers, take some of their stuff or rearrange their belongings. Our societies have long had boundaries as to what is 'acceptable/safe' when physically interacting with each other so it shouldn't come as a shock that we expect and should have/respect personal space when interacting via tech.

BTW - Handsy office bullies (incl. billionaires) are being hauled off to court in a whole bunch of countries, so: no, being someone's boss does not give you permission to stomp through their personal physical boundaries. Stronach is the latest.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 9, 2024 00:17
275:

OK, boomer.

One of my amazing nieces is a surgeon. During the pandemic she was in your city working until she dropped, living at the hospital for days saving lives with one surgical mask a week because Trump was punishing New York by withholding PPE, and yet you find enjoyment in looking down on her because she'd rather call someone to change a tire instead of doing it herself?

david, you've interrupted a rather enjoyable rant with your "life goes on".

Fixed that for you. Listening to you slandering my nieces isn't enjoyable. You know where you can shove that tire iron.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 9, 2024 00:36
276:

hmmm...

excuse me Mr CEO of Microsoft for asking a quite naive question...

...what stops you from quietly reversing this reversal of policy in three months and pushing out a stealth update, when everyone has forgotten this particular mini-grievance?

{ silence }

so...

is there a clever nerd out who can write a small chunk of VBA code that can be run from inside MS Word and/or Excel which can effortlessly check Copilot (and Recall and other misery settings) to verify each is still turned off?

why VBA, you-all ask... that fifty line chunk of code can be e-mailed all over and every corporate site allows users to run VBA via MS Excel's (but not necessarily Word's) built-in interpreter... including all sites forbidding users to install apps themselves... all it gotta do is display "MUFMS Copilot = active" or "not-active"

heh... a new addition to nerd slang: MUFMS

Microsoft Unloved Features Misery Settings

as distinct from GUFMS ... which are Google's sadistic settings

 SFReader replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 9, 2024 01:16
277:

Re: VBA

Looked up the acronym and found this article dated May 24, 2024:

https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/deployoffice/security/internet-macros-blocked

No idea what this means wrt your comments/suggestion or this blog's topic.

Also no idea whether it's okay to post this link even though I found it via Google search. My understanding is that if a Google search finds it for me and it's not paywalled then it's something that everyone is allowed to use/read.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 9, 2024 01:20
278:

= s i g h =

firstly, I'm snark-prone

secondly, there's not a single sentence I've written where I sneer at someone for hiring a specialist... especially when safety is at issue... I have never messed around with circuit breakers other than to flip 'em open in midst of a crisis and then finding someone who is a trained specialist to deal with the pretty purple sparks 'n ozone fumes which is what these experts are intended for...

have I done the measuring? the set up? the brutal demo prior to actual repairs? the clean up? the specification of work to be performed? visually inspect work done with especial attention to the cable indeed being the specified AMP and/or insulation?

“yes” to all those... and it was a certified electrician who did the 'hot wires'

thirdly, after 40-plus years of observing utter cluelessness it gets to the point where it boils over

====

case in point: hanging a picture on the wall ought not lead to black mold infestations but done wrong by way of an "oversized naked nail" hammered too deeply into dry wall, yeah, five years later what a surprise when moisture seeps in and mold soon follows

that, quoting from insurance adjuster's bemused but jaded report, "oversized naked nail" being an in-house term for idiots who want to hang a heavy picture, but after their first skinny nail failed under the weight and tears open the dry wall, they'd keep doing it wrong by attempting ever fatter nails hammered ever deeper... till a water pipe is pierced or an electrical cable is shorted or opportunistic mold takes hold... which she'd seen in various mix 'n match nightmarish incidents

all done cluelessly rather than either hiring a handyman or better yet learning about drywall-specific anchors which require modest drilling, hammering, filling and then screwing in a properly selected screw suitable to the picture's heft

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from SFReader | June 9, 2024 01:37
279:

VBA == Visual Basic for Applications

a built-in piece of all MS Office apps

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Visual_Basic_for_Applications

especially heavily exploited by financial sector rainmakers who would build eye-poppingly complex modeling into MS Excel way beyond anything Microsoft ever envisioned and utterly impossible in pre-cursors such as VisiCalc and Lotus 1-2-3...

fundamental feature of spreadsheets being a tangled formula in each cell... but to really do things at the bleeding edge, the calculations require calculus rather than simple math of adding and subtracting... nearly impossible logic branching in a formula can easily be achieved in VBA...

by way of VBA if you wanted to do the legwork, you could extract real time pricing per ton of copper, get latest housing starts in Phoenix AZ, compare 'n contrast the latest 'price fix' of gold and then attempt to guess which way the overall economy is moving...

...and yeah that example is from personal experience... about seven thousand lines of code... and three months of sleepless weekends in 2006

we did not believe our numbers in 2006 and 2007 when playing out best vs worst case scenarios if growth in housing suddenly stopped... because why would the dance ever end?

...till it did in 2008

(if we trusted our analysis, we'd all be near-billionaires now thanks to deep shorting and CDO/CDS/etc bets against AIG)

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from SFReader | June 9, 2024 02:13
280:

The closest non-techie analogy I can think of is: just because you've been invited over to dinner at a friend's does not give you the right to rummage through their closets/drawers, take some of their stuff or rearrange their belongings.

Imagine your friend invites a few people over to help them move. This may involve you re-organizing things from their closets and drawers to put into boxes. They trust you well enough to rummage through the things they haven't already packed away. You won't take any of their things because you are friends, and beer and pizza are offered, and you know you'll have a fun time together.

Maybe one of the friends has fallen on to hard times, and didn't tell anyone else. Maybe they pocketed a family heirloom to sell for money or for some petty reason out of a perceived slight. Maybe the heirloom just fell out the back of the truck or it was stolen before they decided to move. Maybe they have surveillance cameras pointed at the location where it was last seen.

Would you look at the camera footage if that happened to you?

Corporate environments already do this, and other abusers have no shortage of options either (see: https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Remote_desktop_software#RAT)

Microsoft is a RAT, and this was poorly marketed, but it isn't new, and it won't be the last time they try something like this again.

 Guy Rixon replied to this comment from xbat | June 9, 2024 08:28
281:

Actually, I wasn't disparaging. Extreme technology enthusiasts in software development aren't idiots or evil. We admit --- welcome -- them into the craft because sometimes they do brilliant work and sometimes they drive things forward.

The problem is, they tend to be so far off in mental parameter-space that they engage more like hyper-intelligent, friendly members of another species than like regular humans. "Not functionally human" != sub-human. Sometimes it means super-human. It's just harder for people who think that way to make good decisions on behalf of typical people.

Also, this kind of "generational problem" is in every generation. It's not "boomers good", "Gen Z bad". If MS has the problem I speculated on, then it happened with boomer developers: people like me.

Yes, we need to teach and to help and to nurture. I try to do that, having gain a little insight into how software affects people. But I'm a neurodivergent technology enthusiast with learned rather than innate humanity, so it's not my strong suit. If you have a powerful, influential company lead mainly by copies of me then you have a problem. So yes, maybe I am the problem, but maybe not in the way that you're suggesting.

 Greg Tingey | June 9, 2024 08:46
282:

Howard NYC
Is US "Drywall" = UK "Plasterboard?
IF Query = "Yes" THEN Don't do it, use alternative methods ...
There are advantages to plaster-over brick, but then my house was built in 1893.

 Richard H | June 9, 2024 09:00
283:

I see the DIY attractor has now invaded both active threads... and this one isn't even up to 300 yet :-(

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Richard H | June 9, 2024 09:18
284:

heh... I've been reining in my inner DIY-slash-tool-fiend... counting down

7 6 5 ...

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 9, 2024 09:26
285:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drywall

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 9, 2024 09:33
286:

Yes, the model I've carried for most of ever, the Victorinox Spartan...

Yes, exactly those blades. The Spartan is a little too spartan for me, but I've been spoiled by the Swisschamp my dad gave me when I was a teenager; the size justifies a belt pouch but it means I have all the things. If I was going to go for a pocketknife that actually fit in a pocket I think I'd choose the Mountaineer, which is substantially your Spartan plus scissors and a file, both of which I use frequently.

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 9, 2024 09:42
287:

every corporate site allows users to run VBA via MS Excel's (but not necessarily Word's) built-in interpreter.

I'm pretty sure they also block VBA inclusions in emails because those are also a trivial way to write malware.

If you're lucky it'll Be able to be done via javascript in a browser.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Guy Rixon | June 9, 2024 10:19
288:

»Extreme technology enthusiasts in software development aren't idiots or evil. We admit --- welcome -- them into the craft because sometimes they do brilliant work and sometimes they drive things forward.«

At BSDcon2002 somebody had the genius idea to invite John R. Mashey to do a retrospective on his "Software army on the march" talk from 1982.

I cannot seem to locate a video of his talk, but at least USENIX has preserved the original slides:

https://www.usenix.org/legacy/publications/library/proceedings/bsdcon02/mashey_army/index.html

The people you call "extreme technology enthusiasts" he calls "scouts".

His very clear message about them is on slide 30:

Identify dangerous and uncertain areas -> GET SCOUTS MOVING ASAP!!

Then on the next slide comes all the cautions:

For side-trips - NOT the army
Continuous process, not just start
Scouts tend to be flakes and tinkeres
Get lost in the woods; talk with the enemy
Drive over narrow bridges [on motorbike] and say OK [for tanks]

That bit of advice, and much else from his talk, has saved my customers a LOT of money in the past two decades.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 9, 2024 11:19
289:

my implied mode of use would be for those fifty lines of VBA code be e-mail'd as plain text (much as this blog is more-or-less)

manually copy-n-pasted into MS Excel's development environment as a new module... individuals would thus be empowered to determine if their workstation has an active or inactive version of U2Pilot installed

(Cold War snark; CoPilot being a spy utility, ought be relabeled thusly by victims of Microsoft)

====

Microsoft + CoPilot + Recall + Republican Party ==> National Coalition Supporting Surveillance & Censorship

the combo will make surveillance quite granular in its unblinking scrutiny of laptops by tracking accessing of {targeted set of fact-heavy news outlets} ... and thus aid in censorship

 Rocketpjs replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 9, 2024 14:28
290:

Depends where you live. Brick in an earthquake zone is a nice way to find yourself at the bottom of a pile of rubble. Around here wood framing and drywall is standard.

 Greg Tingey | June 9, 2024 14:48
291:

HowardNYC
Yup, that's plasterboard!

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 9, 2024 15:41
292:

Robert Prior @ 275:

OK, boomer.

One of my amazing nieces is a surgeon. During the pandemic she was in your city working until she dropped, living at the hospital for days saving lives with one surgical mask a week because Trump was punishing New York by withholding PPE, and yet you find enjoyment in looking down on her because she'd rather call someone to change a tire instead of doing it herself?

I think you may be missing a point. What is she going to do if she has a flat tire somewhere and CAN'T call someone to change it? ... and can't drive on it?

Ninety-nine percent of the time she doesn't need to change it. She CAN call someone, but she should still KNOW HOW to do it in an emergency.

Hypothetical - She's still living in NYC when they have another regional crisis (widespread power outage à la 1977 or 2003 or another Hurricane Sandy floods all the subways & underground infrastructure) and your niece has to be at the hospital STAT. Cell service is overloaded & even the land-line exchanges are slammed.

Who is she going to call to come change her tire & how long will it be before someone can get to her? Will she be able to get to the hospital on time?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 9, 2024 15:59
293:

Greg Tingey @ 282:

Howard NYC
Is US "Drywall" = UK "Plasterboard?
IF Query = "Yes" THEN Don't do it, use alternative methods ...
There are advantages to plaster-over brick, but then my house was built in 1893.

Lot easier for an amateur to get a smooth internal wall surface with drywall (aka Sheetrock) than with plaster.

Also much less expensive, ESPECIALLY if you are NOT able to DIY.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | June 9, 2024 17:57
294:

I think you may be missing a point. What is she going to do if she has a flat tire somewhere and CAN'T call someone to change it? ... and can't drive on it?

Not missing the point at all, which is that ranting at people not doing something was stated to be "enjoyable".

Hypothetical - She's still living in NYC when they have another regional crisis (widespread power outage à la 1977 or 2003 or another Hurricane Sandy floods all the subways & underground infrastructure) and your niece has to be at the hospital STAT. Cell service is overloaded & even the land-line exchanges are slammed.

If she moved back and something like that happened, then she'd already be at the hospital (in an anticipated emergency like a hurricane). If it was a power failure then lots of stuff stops working, such as garage doors to underground parking etc, so a flat tire would be the least of the obstacles she'd face. She's very smart and would figure something out. (And getting stuck in the mother-of-all-traffic-jams when the traffic lights fail wouldn't be part of her solution.)

What if the only way to get to the hospital was on horseback, but (horrors!) she has no idea how to saddle and ride a horse? Less snarkily, I've had more problems with my car battery than flat tires: twice as many dead (not just flat) batteries as flat tires. So logically I should replace my spare tire with an extra battery, as well as a battery tester so I can diagnose that the battery needs changing and the tools to do that.

I'll note that EVs generally don't come with spare tires. Knowing how to change the spare tire your car doesn't have is pretty much the definition of a skill you don't need.

As Rebecca Solnit pointed out in A Paradise Built in Hell, people generally pull together in emergencies. I wouldn't worry about her getting to the hospital in an emergency. At least, not in NYC. In Red State America I'd be more worried, because your MAGA types tend to get violent with 'uppity' non-white women.

 David L | June 9, 2024 19:21
295:

Needed life skills.

Must of this discussion seems stuck in the past. And if civilization falls, then maybe much of what has been mentioned here will be needed again. But if it falls much then even these skills could be a waste.

How many of these things are still needed day to day or even in odd situations these days?

Saddle or hitch a horse
Pump gas out of a manual pump or one you crank back to zero
Patch a tubed tire
Light the pilot light on a furnace or water heater
Use a pay phone
Send a telegram (see first of movie "North by Northwest"
Use a single or double edge razor
Send a text message via T9
Operate a dial telephone
Flash hook a phone
Make your own soap
Slaughter a animal for food
Prepare meat for long storage without a fridge
Tune up a car engine


Things change. The skills I needed day to day in the 1960s and 1970s seem quaint.

And vary by area. If I lived 50 miles outside of Butte Montana I'd have different skills to use if needed. For things that will NEVER come up here in central North Carolina.

This doesn't mean I don't think the MS recall/co-pilot thing will be a good substitute for personal knowledge. Without a huge increase in accuracy across many many many topics.

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from David L | June 9, 2024 20:35
296:

Old school safety razors are definitely not done. Quite a lot of people have gone back/over to them because of the huge savings to be made compared with cartridges. Proper cut-throats are still a little bit more niche, because of the fairly steep learning curves on technique, honing and stropping. But if someone can manage it, that's a one and done purchase. (Although there are some consumables in the paste for stropping.)

 Max Samuel | June 9, 2024 20:38
297:

Speaking of trying to commit suicide, what the hell is going on with Rishi Sunak? I take a break from reading about British politics for a few days, and when I come back everything's one fire and even the tabloids are talking about him like he murdered an elderly veteran in the street.

 Howard NYC | June 9, 2024 21:28
298:

SMH

yes, lots 'n lots of "life skills" replaced by better or outright obsolete

hammer 'n nails... obsolete?

tourniquet... obsolete?

{ stunningly loud sound of giant tin sheers snipping thru my keyboard }

I voluntary deleted list of 8,207 items because it would bore everyone and piss off Charlie Stross into red carding me

as always web chatter on a thread having gone astray, why not stop the threats of violence involving car tools? ...especially since so few of 'modern Americans' understand how to operate 'em safely?

{ ironic eye roll }

never have I ever said anyone ought to be forced into DIY... nor bullshit akin to China's downgrade during its "Cultural Revolution"... not for one day was I ever involved in the Trump Administration's botched crisis management efforts...

...so stop putting words in my mouth, eh?

when I mentioned things like changing a tire, it's because I watched something play out a few weeks ago that I very carefully did not describe lest someone assume me as having bias towards certain demographic subsections of humanity (no doubt you-all are spinning up webs of assumptions just from that vagueness and sharpening your metaphorical stakes to hunt me down)

https://elise.com/quotes/heinlein_-_specialization_is_for_insects

as so oft happens, an author respected by prior generations gets re-evaluated by more recent generations... and oft does not emerge with reputation intact... Heinlein as a man of his times was relatively liberal and fully patriotic without overtones of racial superiority... the world changed and his published words are frozen... having been written to navigate the gatekeeping of editors of 1930s-thru-1960s are deemed as not-up-to-this-date in 2020s

ditto... for life skills

but what is always going to be important is having life skills at the ready... as during the covid quarantine when lots 'n lots of folks found themselves unable to adapt and began to spiral down

the residents of the US (and EU and NZ and UK) are all quite lucky, years of relative calm... no major wars before 2022 or massive 'natural' disaster prior to covid in 2020... while their lives were un-perfect, overall they were healthier and safer and happier than 99.9% of humanity since the dawn of time, and better off than the bottom fifth tier of now-alive humanity (poorest 20% = 1.6 billion)...

it was a 'silver age', not quite a 'golden age', from the 1950s until the 2020s...

what has become clear is public education in the US (no direct knowledge of elsewhere) has been downtrending in terms of basics of “life skills” and paring away “frills” previously deemed important... not least of which being able to safely utilize a hammer or exploit a tourniquet to save an injured person...

the next three decades will not be better... but rather decreasingly stable economically... and politically an utter shitshow... at a time of impending doom, we are not ready as individuals to adapt nor as a society willing to plan to modify giga-bucks of exposed infrastructure to harden it for climate change...

as just one chunk of that worsening, please consider this podcast:

https://open.spotify.com/episode/6L3nz0BsFSFQdhrcTq94g6

rather than speak of “for want of a nail the kingdom was lost” it ought be updated to “being unable to competently use a hammer people died of preventable causes” because there's going to be a lot of moments when folks will have no one else to rely upon due to a lack of cash to hire specialists... and their circle of friends will be equally clueless

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Max Samuel | June 9, 2024 21:30
299:

Rishi Sunak is a member of the international financial elite, a hedge fund dude who married a billionaire. He has little or no feel for the psychology of the reactionary/little englander Conservative voter, and in particular the significance of the second world war and the importance of its two key moments in their imagination, the Battle of Britain and D-Day, in their eschatology. WW2 is the palliative balm for the soul of conservatives suddenly bereft of an empire, and he forgot to pay attention to them at a critical moment. (Like a US president who ducked out of a 9/11 commemoration, or maybe a Pearl Harbour memorial.)

Only now it looks like Emmanuel Macron is going "hold my beer" at Sunak ...!

 Michel2Bec | June 9, 2024 22:26
300:

"Only now it looks like Emmanuel Macron is going "hold my beer" at Sunak ...!"

More like "Après moi, le déluge". He is offended by the result, so he throws a tantrum, tries a last gamble.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apr%C3%A8s_moi,_le_d%C3%A9luge

 David L replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | June 9, 2024 23:09
301:

Old school safety razors are definitely not done. Quite a lot of people have gone back/over to them because of the huge savings to be made compared with cartridges.

Yes. But just like horse skills they are an edge case. A bigger one but still.

Then you have people like me with a very soft beard. I use disposable cartridges for 1 to 2 months. Sometimes 3. I KNOW how to shave with the old things (except the single knife blades) and in a pinch make froth up from a bar of face soap if needed. But I'm glad I don't have to do such.

Back to single and double edged razors. I wonder how people dispose of them now that medicine cabinets don't have a slot to drop them into the wall cavity. So that someone remodeling 20-50 years later can get sliced as they don't know about such things and there's a pile of rusty blades hiding behind the wall board amongst the plumbing.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Max Samuel | June 9, 2024 23:11
302:

Well, IME Richi Rich has managed to hack off everyone I know, irrespective of their political persuasion, with a single act of intense crassness towards SURVIVING WW2 veterans and anyone else with any sensitivity (yes, include Con Party politicians in that list!)

 Mike Collins replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 9, 2024 23:11
303:

Specialisation is for insects?

How about “Jack of all trades, master of none.”The DIY disasters mentioned in this thread were made by people who thought they could be generalists. I’ve spent thousands of pounds dealing with problems in my house caused by people who thought they knew what they were doing.

I’ve dealt with lots of flat tyres. I’ve fixed punctures in inner tubes of motorcycles. But it’s a skill which does me no good when my EV has no spare tyre and a scissor jack can’t be used to lift the car. So now if I get a puncture I find my way to the nearest tyre centre or call the AA. (That’s Automobile Association not Alcoholics Anonymous)

 David L replied to this comment from Max Samuel | June 9, 2024 23:19
304:

and when I come back everything's one fire and even the tabloids are talking about him

He and his skipping out early for a TV interview or similar has been discussed in multiple US news feeds I get. Way more than I'd expect about UK politics from here.

"Tone Deaf" seems to be the sentiment of the day.

I guess if you're going to get wiped out at the polls in a 40+ year thumping, what's a bit of bad press?

The other half of coverage about him over here is he seems to be promising to fix everything wrong with the UK in the next few months if the voters will re-elect the Tories. With commenters asking why did the Tories wait 15 years?

 David L replied to this comment from Mike Collins | June 9, 2024 23:23
305:

So now if I get a puncture I find my way to the nearest tyre centre or call the AA.

To be honest I suspect near ubiquitous cell phone coverage and usage now means anyone can make that call. Instead of camping in the car overnight when the tire goes flat at 10pm on a road without much traffic at that time.

Which along with better tires leads to a societal change of though on the issue.

 JHomes replied to this comment from Mike Collins | June 10, 2024 00:10
306:

"Specialisation is for insects"

And insects are a very, very successful group.

JHomes

 David L replied to this comment from JHomes | June 10, 2024 00:13
307:

And insects are a very, very successful group.

Yes. As a group. As individuals, mortality is higher than we humans would like.

 Grant replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 00:16
308:

Yes, and at work one of the societal changes seems to be a certain lack of willingness to learn. Everything must be plug in and play. Everything must be fast.

We get lots of youngsters saying "I need this containerised processor installed on our system so I can do lots of AI type bollocks" who then get really grumpy when its pointed out that they cannot have root access - especially if some of the code is from Pypi or the system is to be on line.

There are ways round it, and its not hard slog for them, but after multiple repetitions its really not going in...

And this is a bunch of Oxbridge firsts. Jeeeez. Libraries of knowledge in a fist sized 90's super computer but they just cannot be arsed to read.

Yeah, we have some great people but an awful lot of arrogant twits with the attention span of a goldfish on valium.

 Moz replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 00:34
309:

He's also got his "independently verified" claim that Labour will put taxes up by £2000. It's been pointed out that Sunak's government have put taxes up bu significantly more than that, and also that the UK Treasury deny having even seen the number let alone produced it. So far it seems Jack Dee (comedian) has the best claim to have done in the dependent verification.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 00:47
310:

"How many of these things are still needed day to day or even in odd situations these days?"

Hmm, let me see. I don't even know what "flash hook a phone" means, but: I know people who routinely saddle horses and we have working Clydesdales in our area; I recently had to use a pay phone because our tower died, I have no landline and I had to let my boss know I couldn't work as no internet either, and my sister and I are/have both been involved in slaughtering animals, her a few times a year. And I can even remember the last time I changed a tyre, and it's not that long ago.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Mike Collins | June 10, 2024 00:56
311:

{ eyeroll }

I agree there are too DIY know-it-alls-does-it-badly folk out there

but being ready to step up in a disaster is a good thing... especially since the "Newer World Order" circa late 2030s will be an ever widening set of problems

not only is there now the term "polycrisis" others are debating if there ought be a term for near-crushing-stress-just-short-of-collapse which can then be calibrated much as earthquakes-hurricanes-volcanoes-etc but applying to the aftermath of each such horrid event

while a hurricane is bad it lasts a couple days; the flooding is worse; and the stench of dead things rotting inside a three foot thick layering of recent mud is worst of all, knowing the clean up process will take months and which neighborhoods gets prioritized is politics determinant not logistics... and then there's dealing with insurance companies unwilling to pay out on claims... rebuilding... and all the while an awareness this is the 'new normal' of ever worsening weather followed by ever weakening response by government and ever more abusive by megacorps

so... teaching "life skills" is critical

 Moz replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 10, 2024 01:07
312:

A lot of the skills are situation specific, though. I know way more about handling echidnas than I do about handling bears, even koala bears (the bear you handle when you're not handling a bear). But I suspect that knowing how to safely pick up an echidna is a skill that even David L would be willing to concede isn't necessary for him to know.

Likewise anything to do with cars, which I know nothing about, and the lists given don't mention bicycles at all. I guess the necessary skills include growing and processing your own car fuel and other consumables?

Slaughtering animals is such a variable skill, too. Chickens I can do, blue whales not so much. But I'm sure the competant types here could quite readily turn a live blue whale into a freezer full of yum using only their Genuine Victorinox{tm} Swiss Army Knife.

The flip side is all the skills that are essential for young people today that ancient gits like me are either ignorant of or horrified by. Much as some youth are horrified by the process by which the cute flffy puppy becomes Chicken McNuggets{tm}. Knowing how to set up Facebook so notification sounds from your employers are different from the ones from your friends? Don't look at me, I don't use Facebook, let aone depend on it to pay the rent. Having to do that would give me the ick, but it's an essential skill if you want a job (a casual, part time, insecure job, because that's what 99% of the under-30's get given).

 David L replied to this comment from Moz | June 10, 2024 01:17
313:

But I suspect that knowing how to safely pick up an echidna is a skill that even David L would be willing to concede isn't necessary for him to know.

Doing similar things I use a wire cage. I got some squirrels in my attic last summer and had to trap them. You seriously don't want to touch a squirrel that has been stuck in a cage for a while. The can get seriously pissed at the universe. I never knew they could growl like a feral cat until this experience.

But given the distance from my normal places of existence to where I might bump into an echidna, yes how to pick one up is not on my list of "need to know". And I how to deal with raccoons and bears isn't much on yours.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 02:17
314:

enchilada vs. echidna

not knowing what "echidna" referred to, my brain scanned it as "enchilada" which was a term I have much greater familiarity

which if IUIC is much of why humans see faces in clouds

{ skipping obvious joke about Uber Eats delivering the wrong snack }

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 10, 2024 02:31
315:

You herd an echidna into a metal trash can with a gentle shovel and quickly take them back to their Country? Something like that?

As for disassembling whales…. Back in grad school I knew people who did beach necropsies on dead whales for that part of the coast. Apparently one wears tyvek and rubber boots. Or waders, maybe, as falling chest deep into a rotting whale carcass is regarded as a rite of passage. Clothing quickly gets that unforgettable dead whale smell and is discarded afterwards. Whether you intend to or not.

Anyway, the small tools they used were large butcher knives. The big tools were straight out of Moby Dick, long handled flensing knives, front loaders and the like. No point in carrying a SAK in such a situation. You’d just lose it by dropping it into the carcass when your gloves got too slimy.

Usual SOP was to figure out what killed it and disassemble it for disposal.

Since this was a university, fairly frequently the skull was buried on the beach so the invertebrates could clean off the meat. Some years later the skull would be exhumed and become part of the zoology teaching collection. There was a row of old cetacean skulls lined up against a wall behind a teaching lab on campus They still had that delightful dead whale smell on foggy days, and I have rather nostalgic memories of walking past them. Ah youth!

Pleasant dreams, Howard.

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 10, 2024 02:53
316:

Surprisingly often they will walk onto my hand if I just stay still (allegedly this is very unusual). They often panic when I move and hold on tight which is a bit hard on the hand. Otherwise you can generally roll them onto or into something soft and carry them round that way. As always with wild animals you only do this when you really, really have to. Like they're in the middle of a busy road.

I've seen enough whaling museums and photos to have an idea of the industrial scale of cutting up even a small great whale. Which is why it's such a great counter to "I can butcher anything using just my pocket knife. And your pocket 20T hydraulic excavator...

When I was a kid one of the local plagrounds had a miniature ferro-concrete whale with a slide down the back, because that was a thing back then. It's gone now but there's an even smaller whale in the playground to replace it. https://kidsonboard.co.nz/activity_dw/tahunanui-playground-beach-near-nelson/ It's kind of amusing to think of it as a 1/4 scale model of a real whale :)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 10, 2024 06:01
317:

Awwww, echidnas are just big puggles! Or you have the echidna dreaming, or whatever it is in your country. Nice to know they’re not as aggressive as porcupines.

As for dead whales, apparently they were the ultimate in High Game until a few centuries ago.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 10, 2024 06:35
318:

Over 300. Heh heh…. I’m going to propose an annoying Howard: HPL pastiche, working title: The Highest Game

It’s a mashup of Tolkien and Lovecraft. Basically it’s a LOTR knockoff quest trilogy, mashed up with Pickman’s Model and the Dream Quest of Unknown Kadath. Replace elves with ghouls, orcs with humans, set it in the modern day and the high fantasy dreamlands, and make it a mission of MacGuffin Destruction, with a bunch of changelings a la Pickman’s Model in the hobbit roles.

And what is the One Ring in The Highest Game? It’s the artifact that gives money its value: the Quantizer. We’ve said here for years that money is in some ways a god whose value is created by belief in it. We’ll posit instead that a magisterial sorcerous act in the Dreamlands created the Quantizer, which causes people to see value as a quantity rather than a quality, a perception that makes money possible. Under the Quantizer’s influence, destructive, money-based civilizations have taken over the world in a way that Bronze Age civilizations, which were pre-money, never did. Now we humans are cooking the world with civilization and utterly immersed in systems that quantify reality and tell this is how it must be.

So if the Quantizer is destroyed, qualia replace quanta, the fire of civilization gutters out to be replaced by (heh heh) gentler systems of gift economics, and humans return to the raw state of human nature and dreamy Lovecraftian And with that return to a Romantic Arcadian Idyll, the tradition of the high game re-emerges into the daylight of the dream. And those who devote themselves to the high game become immortal….as ghouls. Better than scouring the Shire any day and elves sailing west any day. Heh heh.

Have fun with this if it smells right to you. It might make an interesting Call of Cthulhu scenario. Or even hopepunk. Cli-fi?

 Leroy F. Berven replied to this comment from JohnS | June 10, 2024 06:39
319:

JohnS@234: : It really gripes me to pay someone else to do stuff I'm perfectly competent to do myself ... but the amount of physical pain I have to endure to crawl around under this house to replace a water heater is just beyond belief.

I'm just gonna' have to bite the bullet & get a plumber out here.:

Agreed on all counts -- but the ability to identify (and when appropriate, call someone out about) sloppy work can be enormously gratifying, and reduce the chances of someone getting away with totally incompetent performance, at least when you are overseeing the work that you are paying for. (A few years as assistant manager of a small building maintenance, remodeling, and repair operation, following a significant amount of the same around the family home, even though long ago, have been very helpful in this regard.)

 Howard NYC | June 10, 2024 07:20
320:

uhm...

here's my newest word nerd contest:

realistic starship names none of this hug-it-out Star Trek crap...

USS Big Gun

USS Bigger Gun

USS Biggest Gun

USS Decisive Strategic Advantage

USS Conqueror

USS Interstellar Imperialism

USS Free Trade Enforcer

USS Give Us Your Lunch Money

 David L replied to this comment from Moz | June 10, 2024 08:10
321:

"I can butcher anything using just my pocket knife. And your pocket 20T hydraulic excavator...

We had a small slaughter house in the family. Usually staffed by 2 or 3 people small. My father grew up with it across the way from his house.

While there was a lot of using a nice sharp knife to trim some steaks for someone and such, there was also a band saw bigger than in most woodworking shops, and some manual cutting knives and axe like things of a size bigger than most soldiers have carried in the the last few 100 years. And some grind up things that could likely do metal for a bit before gagging. In the back room. Just for cattle and smaller.

 Greg Tingey | June 10, 2024 08:46
322:

I just accidentally discovered that my version of "Edge" had CoPilot on it - now removed, or silenced - I hope.
( It showed up on the web-version of when the Boss initialled an instance of ProtonMail for her own use... )

Charlie @ 299 ( et al )
I've got a different take on that ... The USA (Trump) & then Britain (Brexshit) were first into this utter right-wing fantasy shambles ...
And we are getting buyer's remorse, badly { I think DJT will lose ... the conviction is having a slow-burn effect, yes? }.
NOW, the rest of Europe is getting the right-wing disease & it will equally end in tears.
Unless someone is really stupid enough to openly side with Putin - & I'm not sure that even Orban is quite that stupid, though he might be arrogant enough.
Oh, I note Cruella Braverman is saying she & the tories should cosy up to Führage, how nice.

Paws @ 302
Include my long-dead uncles who fought in WWI ( & one in WWII as well ) or those who "served" though not in uniform, doing dangerous jobs like testing & improving explosives in WWII - like my father. { Can you spell "torpex"? }
It's beyond stupid.

Grant
we have some great people but an awful lot of arrogant twits with the attention span of a goldfish on valium. - NOTHING new in that at all, I'm afraid!

H @ 318
Come on, you know that ain't going to work!
"No fake civilisation & a return to the noble savage & a peaceful life" - every single study shows that to be at least 150% bollocks, with insane murder & oppression rates.

 Heteromeles | June 10, 2024 13:22
323:

H @ 318….Come on, you know that ain't going to work!

Since when do obvious, blatant fantasies have to work? I’m glad you’re okay with immortal ghouls that only eat rotting flesh living in humanity’s collective unconscious though. Swallowing the whale carcass while swatting at the flies is a good sign for this scenario.

On a less silly note, if you think everything from colonial genocides to industrial warfare from WW1 and 2 were less violent and more moral than the world of the Iliad….I don’t know what to tell you.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 10, 2024 14:11
324:

That's beautiful. I'm tempted to run it as a game. (Also having a nice laugh over the whole idea!)

 Howard NYC | June 10, 2024 14:16
325:

QUOTE: Drone strikes have become an increasing problem for Moscow. Other Ukrainian drones have been used to sink or severely damage Russian warships in the Black Sea, and tanks and armored vehicles have fallen prey to drones on the battlefield.

4Q Darth Putin

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/10/europe/ukraine-drone-strike-destroys-russian-su57-stealth-fighter-intl-hnk-ml/index.html

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 10, 2024 14:18
326:

I'm partial to Space Tactical Fighting Unit myself.

"We have deployed STFU Stubborn and STFU Homer Simpson to Mars orbit..."

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 10, 2024 14:22
327:

Actually, I do know what to tell you: it’s an inversion. Since you’re struggling to process it, here’s what’s going on.

The good guys are the ghouls, who eat dead bodies.. the bad guys are modern civilized human beings, who routinely poison/embalm dead bodies or burn them. So far this is a bit like the old Mike Rowe series Dirty Jobs, where those who do the dirty jobs become immortal, perhaps because no one else wants to do them?

HPL was pretty clear in Pickman’s Model that the ghouls were his equivalent of the fairies who live underground in hollow hills, and who leave changelings. They also inhabit the Dreamlands, which are sort of a collective unconscious. So the obvious protagonists for this story are a bunch of changelings—goths and other misfits, people who are okay with being, say, garbage men or coroners, and alienated by how normies deal with the darker parts of existence. In our modern era of plastics and virtual reality, only a few places are safe for them, squats rather than the shire.

The standard dystopian fall of civilization that usually precedes any post apocalyptic story is made analogous to the final battle in Return of the King, where the Ring is unmade and orcish civilization falls apart. In this case, though, us normies are the orcs, and modern civilization falls apart as the magic underlying it (money) is unmade. The victors reinstate an older order, and the world is made safe for all the dirty jobs that every surviving human now has to do. This is the scouring of the shire part. And the protagonists wisely go West into the Dreamlands to become immortal, avoid martyrdom, and keep doing the dirty jobs that give meaning to their existence.

Does it make more sense now?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 10, 2024 14:55
328:

Like a US president who ducked out of a 9/11 commemoration, or maybe a Pearl Harbour memorial.

Honestly, I think Trump could probably do that without affecting his (un)popularity. He's already on record as skipping a visit to a D-Day graveyard and calling those buried there (as well as POWs) "losers" — and yet he's still in the running for 2024. Those who support him would still support him, those who hate him would still hate him, and not much would change.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 15:17
329:

How many of these things are still needed day to day or even in odd situations these days?

I can card and spin wool. Can't shear a sheep or make a carding comb or make a spinning wheel (although I could manage a drop spindle or Navaho spindle easily enough). Can make a Navaho loom but not a multi-harness standing loom. Could probably make a weighted loom like the ancient Greeks used (I've never tried). I can weave but I probably couldn't warp a multi-harness loom (Navaho/weighted looms are easier).

All skills that were once important for daily life and are now (niche) hobby-level.

If civilization collapses enough for them to be necessary again I'd be dead before having a chance to pass them on. (Collapsing that far implies medical supply chains also vanishing.)

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 10, 2024 15:28
330:

Those who support him would still support him, those who hate him would still hate him, and not much would change.

We were discussing this last night. Starting with Newt, the R's have been gradually defining the D's, not as wrong, but as evil. Thus it doesn't matter who is on the R ticket, they by definition are better than evil.

Not all R's believe this. But over the last 8 years I've come to realize this is a deeply held believe by about 1/3 of the population of the US. It popped out of some people I thought of as friends over this time. To the extent they are not long people we associate with as they have no interest in associating with us who are "evil".

An essay from the NY Times about this. Written by a faithful Christian who was basically kicked out of his faith group due to having the wrong politics. Which totally flummoxed him as he never would have thought it possible.

https://www.nytimes.com/2024/06/09/opinion/presbyterian-church-evangelical-canceled.html

(I'm sure someone here will find a link to a non pay walled copy.)

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 16:02
331:

I let the used razor blades pile up in my medicine cabinet until I have to go to my local tip for some other reason, then throw them into the metal recycling bin. Gives my otherwise unused shaving mug a use.

 Rocketpjs | June 10, 2024 16:22
332:

From my perspective on the far side of the world it looks as if the right wing UK press has seen an opportunity for Farage and Reform to displace the Tories, and so have jumped on the 'Sunak is dreadful' bandwagon for extra volume. It helps (them) that he isn't melanin-deficient, as they do love to have a 'deniable' way to hate a brown person.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 10, 2024 16:46
333:

Sunak is a male politician who has run afoul of the glass cliff, which more usually bedevils female executives. (It can be argued that Liz Truss, his predecessor, also fell off the glass cliff, although in her case pig-headed stupidity might have had something to do with it.)

(NB: reading down that wikipedia page Sunak is explicitly cited as an ethnic minority male politician who is an example of the glass cliff effect.)

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 10, 2024 17:10
334:

Charlie Stross @ 299:

Rishi Sunak is a member of the international financial elite, a hedge fund dude who married a billionaire. He has little or no feel for the psychology of the reactionary/little englander Conservative voter, and in particular the significance of the second world war and the importance of its two key moments in their imagination, the Battle of Britain and D-Day, in their eschatology. WW2 is the palliative balm for the soul of conservatives suddenly bereft of an empire, and he forgot to pay attention to them at a critical moment. (Like a US president who ducked out of a 9/11 commemoration, or maybe a Pearl Harbour memorial.)

Only now it looks like Emmanuel Macron is going "hold my beer" at Sunak ...!

FWIW, the commemoration the U.S. President ducked out on was the 75th anniversary of D-Day ... refused to go to the Normandy cemetaries because it was raining.

Also the occasion where he called the soldiers "suckers & losers".

 Greg Tingey | June 10, 2024 17:32
335:

David L @ 330
I just saw a WaPo headline {Couldn't get past the paywall, this time } stating that the MAGAT's are after contraception (as well) now (!)
Tying into your "evil" message, how will this affect the non-aligned US female voters? Will this make them even more anti-Trump & pro-Dem? Or will they ignore it until it's too late?

H
Academic criticism of Margaret Mead was one of the leads to academia noticing the amazing amount of violence & death in "primitive" societies, IIRC.
This discussion is ongoing, I think.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 17:47
336:

David L @ 305:

"So now if I get a puncture I find my way to the nearest tyre centre or call the AA."

To be honest I suspect near ubiquitous cell phone coverage and usage now means anyone can make that call. Instead of camping in the car overnight when the tire goes flat at 10pm on a road without much traffic at that time.

Which along with better tires leads to a societal change of though on the issue.

Yeah, I think everyone who drives should carry one of those little electric air pumps that plug into the not-the-cigarette-lighter-socket and should know how to hook it up to the tire. Ninety-nine percent of the time that should be enough to get you somewhere you can have the tire changed without destroying the tire by driving on a flat.

The last flat tire I had I was on the side of a mountain & spotty (at least) cell phone coverage. I used the pump to air up the tire so I could get down the mountain to a level spot where I could change the tire (didn't really intend to change the tire, but I got down the mountain to the level spot, stopped to check the tire & it was already going flat again.

The Jeep has an adequate jack, and I have the original kit (including the lug wrench) but I also carry a 15"-1/2" drive breaker bar with a deep impact socket (that fits the lug nuts). I also carry a couple of wheel chocks that I use 'cause I don't trust the parking brake.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Mike Collins | June 10, 2024 17:52
337:

Mike Collins @ 303:

"Specialisation is for insects?"

How about “Jack of all trades, master of none.”

Hmmmm ... I prefer to see myself as "Jack of all trades, Master of SOME"

 timrowledge replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 18:13
338:

“We had a small slaughter house in the family. ”

That is so a a first line of a Mira Grant story.

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 10, 2024 18:15
339:

I just saw a WaPo headline {Couldn't get past the paywall, this time } stating that the MAGAT's are after contraception (as well) now (!)

Tying into your "evil" message, how will this affect the non-aligned US female voters? Will this make them even more anti-Trump & pro-Dem? Or will they ignore it until it's too late?

I'll preface this with this kind of topic is why I ask more about European politics than I state.

Contraception has been a bugaboo in US politics for decades. Really forever. Griswold sort of put it on the back shelf politically.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Griswold_v._Connecticut
But not everyone has accepted this as final.

While we're not historical Ireland, we have a lot of Roman Catholics here. Many from southern and eastern Europe. So there's that faction. For the last 10 years or so the quiver full (Duggars anyone) and such have been yelling louder. (Ain't the Internet Grand.)

Now add at least one more layer. Depending on when you think a person begins existence, and how you might think a birth control method works, correctly or not, you now get to have a debate on is it contraception or abortion. With some strong emotions on all sides. (I'm not trying to start that discussion, just explaining that it exists.)

So now you have some committed voters (the ones who show up in primary elections) wanting to elect anti contraception politicians. Maybe not as a single issue but those that lean hard that way along with other things. Which leads to some of the R primary winners being from the wing nut caucus. (See M. Romney, Ken Buck, and my fave, Mark Robinson for gov of North Carolina.)

Now after everyone has taken a deep breath, you suddenly see how some want to outlaw IVF. Which a LOT of Christian anti abortionists have been using. (Cue up Mark Pence.) Say what!?!?!? And on the anti-abortion front you have exit polls when it is on the ballot showing 60-40 splits to keep it legal in at least some form and the only way to get to those numbers in some deep hard R states is if R's vote that way. And it seems to be mostly R women. My state Senate leader, a hard core R, says he will not go there as the people are in no way for it. Even if Mark Robinson wins the governor's race. (I think this is free for a few views.)
https://www.newsobserver.com/news/politics-government/election/article289099339.html


How does this all play out in the election? Well 1/3 will vote R no matter what. 1/3 will vote D no matter what. So who can catch the 1/3 in the middle. And it may only be 1/6 or smaller. But D's are running hard on these topics and it seems to be a winning message. Don't let R's take away these rights. But you have some (many?) R's who will just not vote for a D no mater how much they dislike the R candidate. So they might stay home or write in a name. Which gives 1/2 of a vote to each side on a practical level.

The end result? No one knows. The debates might be deciding. The Supremes will be releasing some big decisions in a few weeks. And maybe the middle east gets better or worse. All of these things are big enough to move the needle on the gauge.

 Robert Prior | June 10, 2024 18:23
340:

Off-topic, a stupid Mac question:

Has the authentication for the App Store changed recently (within the last year or so)?

I tried to use an app I used more than a year ago and it wanted me to verify that I'd bought it, so I typed in the password to my AppleID and it was rejected, so I assume a typo or brain fart and tried again, and again with a slight variation, and it didn't work and I got an empty dialog popping up when I hit the "Forgot Password" link. Then I visited the App Store and when I navigate to the app it shows that I've purchased it, but when I click on the "Purchased link to show all my apps it asks me to log in with the same result: rejects my password and I get an empty dialog when I click "Forgot Password").

So I turned on my older computer running Lion where I first used the app (Moku Hanga for reference) and it no longer opens. (Appears briefly in the sidebar and then closes again with no error messages.)

My current computer is running OS 10.12.6

It's possible that I haven't used the app on this computer since the shop upgraded it from 10.10 (although I thought I used it last year), so I could kinda see having to log in again, but I was really careful typing and my Apple TV works fine using the same AppleID.

I should note that when that empty dialog appears I have no way to eliminate it without restarting my computer. (At least, I couldn't figure out a way to eliminate it.)

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 10, 2024 18:33
341:

Howard NYC @ 311:

{ eyeroll }

I agree there are too DIY know-it-alls-does-it-badly folk out there

??? to many perhaps?

but being ready to step up in a disaster is a good thing... especially since the "Newer World Order" circa late 2030s will be an ever widening set of problems

not only is there now the term "polycrisis" others are debating if there ought be a term for near-crushing-stress-just-short-of-collapse which can then be calibrated much as earthquakes-hurricanes-volcanoes-etc but applying to the aftermath of each such horrid event

while a hurricane is bad it lasts a couple days; the flooding is worse; and the stench of dead things rotting inside a three foot thick layering of recent mud is worst of all, knowing the clean up process will take months and which neighborhoods gets prioritized is politics determinant not logistics... and then there's dealing with insurance companies unwilling to pay out on claims... rebuilding... and all the while an awareness this is the 'new normal' of ever worsening weather followed by ever weakening response by government and ever more abusive by megacorps

so... teaching "life skills" is critical

James Burke Connections, Ep. 1 "The Trigger Effect" [YouTube]

Still (IMNSHO) the best television episode ever.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 10, 2024 18:35
342:

Apple IDs (emails tied to your Apple account(s)) now require 2FA.

If you haven't logged in since this became mandatory, you'll have to set it up. And it may have to be done on a computer with a version of macOS that isn't too very old. I'm guessing anything since macOS 11 or 12 will work.

Or on a somewhat recent iPhone.

And you can call 800-MYAPPLE in the US and maybe Canada and they will work with you for free when dealing with AppleID issues.

And this might help:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/118574

 David L replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 18:37
343:

And there is this:
https://support.apple.com/en-us/111001

 Retiring replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 18:59
344:

we have a lot of Roman Catholics here

Including the President and 6 of the 9 Supreme Court justices.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 19:02
345:

David L @ 330:

An essay from the NY Times about this. Written by a faithful Christian who was basically kicked out of his faith group due to having the wrong politics. Which totally flummoxed him as he never would have thought it possible.

https://www.nytimes.com/2024/06/09/opinion/presbyterian-church-evangelical-canceled.html

(I'm sure someone here will find a link to a non pay walled copy.)

Archive today - https://archive.ph/qV4kg

FWIW, David French is a prime example of what Martin Niemöller was talking about in his poem.

French still supports the "face eating leopards", he's just upset that they decided to heat HIS face too; still an unrepentant christian dominionist nationalist.

David French finds out - Lawyers, Guns & Money blog.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 10, 2024 19:15
346:

Greg Tingey @ 335:

David L @ 330
I just saw a WaPo headline {Couldn't get past the paywall, this time } stating that the MAGAT's are after contraception (as well) now (!)Tying into your "evil" message, how will this affect the non-aligned US female voters? Will this make them even more anti-Trump & pro-Dem? Or will they ignore it until it's too late?

FWIW, contraception has always been a sub-target of the "pro-life" right-wingnuts. Next target will be the 19th Amendment.

For them Margaret Atwood's The Handmaid's Tale is an instruction manual.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 19:17
347:

Thanks. 2FA is where your iPhone pings and you have to type in the six-digit number it shows into the other device, right?

I've done that in the past. I've also had cases where it didn't ping with a message but there was an option to have it phone you and read out the numbers, which worked.

This time there wasn't anything about that: just a small dialog box (roughly 1" x 3") with nothing in it at all. And no emails received on the email associated with my AppleID about unsuccessful login attempts.

I've had this AppleID for a long time. I remember when they switched from letting you pick a name to requiring an email address and it screwed up a bunch of things (on my old computer) because parts of the ecosystem saved the old ID and required it. I lost access to a couple of games that way.

I'll try that 800 number later this afternoon (I have an appointment soon). Thanks.

 Rocketpjs replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 10, 2024 20:11
348:

I had some similar funny stuff with my apple id login yesterday. No idea what was happening, but couldn't install an app I needed on my phone without having to jump through a large number of hoops I've only recently jumped through.

 whitroth replied to this comment from SFReader | June 10, 2024 20:31
349:

Learned helplessness: some of it is societal, where the "popular kids" look down/make fun/abuse anyone who has a deep interest in something other than sportsball and the opposite sex.

Handyman, though... the former owner of my house raved about his handyman. That idiot will never come through our door. There's the painted-over electrical sockets, there's the exhaust fan with an armored cable that was cut, and then just laying wire across the ceiling insulate for the bedroom ceiling fan. And on, and on.

I do a lot myself, but I know where the limits are. I ran a circuit from the 2nd floor hall to the breaker box, and wired it to a new breaker. The upgrade, before, from 100A to 200A? Hell, no, that's for pros. Changing electrical sockets, no big deal, just a pain. Replacing a split/spitting hose coming out of the water heater, sure. Replacing a gas water heater, nope.

I think of myself as a journeyman, not master, though I am a master at some things.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 10, 2024 20:35
350:

When I do something on the house - like running that circuit - I overdo it. I want code, from what I knew in Philly and Chicago. The wire down inside the wall I would have liked to use conduit, but there was no way. So the cable I used was heavier than std.

No one's going to complain about what I did. But there are far too many who will kludge it.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Thomas Jørgensen | June 10, 2024 20:38
351:

Having, in the past, tried dating sites, the problems are a) people who lie, and b) in the lat dozen years, outright fraud, chatbots (always claiming to be women). Saw an article that said that the cheating site, Ashley Madison, that crashed and burned had 90% of alleged women as chatbots.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 10, 2024 20:42
352:

The one I've been carrying since '79 (well, replaced around 2002?, when it was stolen out of checked airline luggage) is a genuine Wenger (the other officially authorized Swiss Army knife) Perfect Cyclist. Has a weird blade that a lot of folks can't guess - it is, in fact, a wrench. But I have it because it's the only one that has the two things on it that does not weigh 2kg and cost over $50: a Phillips' head screwdriver, and a corkscrew.

I have my priorities right.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 10, 2024 20:46
353:

Patch a tubed tire - what, you don't ride a bicycle? Light the pilot light on a furnace or water heater - my water heater needs me. Use a pay phone - been a while, but I do have change.

Use a single or double edge razor - like my straight razor in the bathroom, that I use once in a while? The freakin' 2/3/+ blade disposables are NOT AS SHARP as the old single blade cartridges.

Operate a dial telephone - no problem.

Flash hook a phone - once, having seen it in movies, and it may have helped save some lives, back in 1977.

 Grant | June 10, 2024 21:22
354:

We have a Prime Minister who had trouble paying for something with a contactless credit card.

A tech bros apparently and "all over the details", allegedly.

Bit of a thicky seemed more accurate.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Grant | June 10, 2024 21:23
355:

You might want to remind us what nationality you are? South African? New Zealander? Canadian?

Hint: on the internet, nobody knows you're not a dog.

 peter w | June 10, 2024 21:51
356:

Just so you know. Victrinox will let you build a custom SAK with the blade combination you want. The perfect Cyclist mentioned above seems to have been retired.

 whitroth replied to this comment from peter w | June 10, 2024 21:53
357:

Yes, for some reason, Wenger retired it. So it's now irreplaceable.

 peter w replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 10, 2024 22:18
358:

Free Trade Enforcer crops up as a ship name in Richard Morgans Altered Carbon. Aircraft carrier beached off the California coast after a small navigational screw up.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 10, 2024 22:22
359:

"I don't even know what "flash hook a phone" means"

I don't either. I strongly suspect the term is a piece of US-specific vocabulary. I therefore also do not know whether or not the actual procedure is also specific to the US phone system, of course.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 10, 2024 22:29
360:

What it means is that there is no dial (or keypad). You pick up the phone, and work the on/off hook several times, and an operator will pick up and talk to you. VERY old style. The only time I used it, in '77 ('76?), neither my ladyfriend nor her cousin knew about it. I guessed, from having seen it in old movies.

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 10, 2024 22:35
361:

Sunak is a male politician who has run afoul of the glass cliff,

I struggle with the "not apparent" part of the description as applied to Sunak and Truss. It was obvious at the time that the new leader would step into a shitshow, but it is not at all obvious in retrospect that the shitshow had hidden perils. Sure, Truss stepped up and set fire to the economy in the manner presecribed by the coterie of fools and lunatics that inhabit a certain strand of economic theology, but the outcome of that was predictable.

Whether Sunak faced unknown perils is harder, but OTOH leading a disorganised rabble who are focussed on either infighting or retirement into an election is never going to be easy. Which is to say that you don't have to be surprised to end up with a slide in the polls and the far right shifting allegiance to a bunch of even more bonkers bastards. Being the wrong colour, and thus the wrong sort of immigrant, in an anti-immigration party, could just be the icing on the cake rather than the cause of the problem. In a way he's the brown Rees-Mogg - wealthy, out of touch and prone to gaffes. Did Rees-Mogg even put itself forward as a leadershit candidate? I'm guessing he did not, he seems more likely to roll the leader during a period the party is doing well but the leader has fucked up their personal life.

And one counter to that is Jacinda Ardern, who was shoved down the gangplank by people who at best could agree that they very definitely did not want each other in charge, and yes somehow she failed to lose a quite losable election. And after that her various "I am a mother" stunts led to an absolute majority in parliament at the next election. Who could have predicted that a pandemic would follow a terrorist attack? All very glass cliff.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 10, 2024 22:52
362:

»I therefore also do not know whether or not the actual procedure is also specific to the US phone system, of course.«

It was not, all automated electro-mechanical (or later) phone systems supported "flashing".

The dial and the contact which is activated when the receiver is on-hook are electrically in parallel, so if you lift the receiver off-hook, you can simulate a dial by hitting the plastic doo-dad the receiver pushes when on-hook.

To dial a one you it hit once, then pause for the next "digit", to dial a two you hit it twice as fast as you can, then wait etc. dialing a zero takes ten hits.

The nominal speed of a dial is 100msec per pulse, but the telephone switches were very tolerant because as dials got older and worn, they also got slower.

The "flashing" terminology comes from the old manual switch boards, where hitting the on-hook switch quickly would blink the lamp at the operators panel, without dropping the connection. The operator would then connect her "cord" to the conversation in progress, and answer whatever query the participants had for her ("Do you know if the doctor is home ?" etc.)

Detecting "flashing" were carried forward in most electro-mechanical and later electronic and computerrized switches, where it was used to implement "extra services" such as call-waiting.

 Moz replied to this comment from whitroth | June 10, 2024 22:54
363:

When pulse dialling is supported you can sometimes manually pulse dial by hitting the hang up button the right way. But I'd be somwhat surpised if pulse dialling is supported any more. Used to be handy for making free (local?) calls from phone boxes, but in Australia I think all calls within Australia are free now anyway (I'm pretty sure I've seen a phone box, but I haven't used one for a very long time).

I'm also horrified by the "put used razor blades into a wall cavity" idea. All the wee boxes of blades I've ever bought have an in surface and an out surface, the idea being that you slide out a new blade from the "top" then slide the old blade into a slit on the "bottom". Eventually you're looking at an old blade on the top and it's time to buy a new one. These days the blades are wrapped in thin paper because unwrapping a razor blade is obviously safe and fun. In the olden days they used to just have a slip saying "one blade left" then another saying "no more blades". Well, the advertising version of that.

 Grant replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 10, 2024 23:23
364:

True.

English. Guilty as charged.

But before anyone blames me for the state of the NHS, widespread poverty, the Government and anything else for that matter, I would like it known that no one I have voted for has ever been elected. Consequently, university fees, the handling of COVID, the current government of all the talentless and Brexit ain't my fault!

 Leroy F. Berven | June 10, 2024 23:36
365:

whitroth @ 360: What it means is that there is no dial (or keypad). You pick up the phone, and work the on/off hook several times, and an operator will pick up and talk to you.

During the latter half of the 1970s (at about the time the US "Ma Bell" telephone monopoly was being disassembled by US Federal regulators), I learned how to manipulate the on/off hook on an analog phone unit that had no dial mechanism (reason: to prevent outbound calls) to make those outbound calls. With the handset off the hook, one could quickly depress and release the hook by hand. Each such cycle would generate a tone functionally equivalent to the tone made by the dialing mechanism normally present in this type of phone unit.

With careful timing, it was possible to space the tones to mimic the tone sequence for each individual numeric character, and thus in due course the full target telephone number, that you wanted to connect to. It worked quite well.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 10, 2024 23:53
366:

Pigeon @ 359:

"I don't even know what "flash hook a phone" means"

I don't either. I strongly suspect the term is a piece of US-specific vocabulary. I therefore also do not know whether or not the actual procedure is also specific to the US phone system, of course.

It's something from really OLD phone systems.

Hook Flash

Back in the day when even local calls were operator mediated, jiggling the receiver "hook" several times would alert an operator to plug into the circuit.

Later it became possible to enter system commands from the keypad with touch-tone phones, but you had to "flash the hook" to get the system's attention.

 Greg Tingey | June 10, 2024 23:57
367:

JohnS
Next target will be the 19th Amendment - which is UTTERLY MEANINGLESS to anyone outside the USA - unless they look it up, OK? { HINT: I had to look it up. }
Your primitive, uncivilised 3rd-world shithole IS NOT THE PLANET ... - also - OK?

whitroth @ 353
flash hook a phone - I don't even know what that is supposed to MEAN ...
SEE ALSO: pigeon @ 369! { etc }

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 11, 2024 01:14
368:

then there's the ghoul variant of homo sapiens as per Ringworld (Larry Niven) where in the lack of scavenger species such hyenas left open an ecological niche critical to fully recycling nitrogen and carbon and other nutrients...

though not interested in the day-to-day political nonsense amongst other variant species, the ghouls are completely dependent upon healthy (and plentiful and well fed) corpses who are disease free... they preferred their corpses well aged not fresh kills...

thus making 'em into involuntary overlords who intervene into anything that could cut off their lunchmeat... widespread war, funeral pyres, uncontrolled diseases, cannibalistic cults, violence prone religious zealots, et al...

kinda-sorta benign dictatorship

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 11, 2024 01:27
369:

4Q long covid

yeah... I've been composing posts off to the side, coming back 2 (or 3 or 4) hours later to read 'em aloud only to realize I was drunk-without-booze and needing a partial rewrite

I really wish it was the ageing process, but at 62, lacking other symptoms, along with various after effects it looks like I'm getting ground down by mild version of long covid... what adds to the annoyance is it seems to cycle and recycle...

today's classic moment?

I forgot my shopping cart when I went out food shopping... came back to my apartment to get it... =sigh= forgot my hamper bag to drop off for laundry, came back for that... =sigh=

then I forgot to buy cherries... =sigh=

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 11, 2024 01:38
370:

my all time favorite moment?

showing up for a first date... and the woman was stunned I really was 6'0" and 190 pounds...

...whereas she lost 3 inches in height and aged 7 years and gained 20 pounds from the night before when we'd chatted to arrange time-n-place

nice cup of coffee right up to when she slipped up looking at the time, muttered "babysitter" which led to mentioning her two kids, oh-by-the-way...

...and yet she'd checked off 5'8", "33Y", and "zero kids"

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from peter w | June 11, 2024 01:45
371:

heh...

I will neither confirm nor deny that's where I got that one... the others are utterly 'n completely mine...

now gonna revise the list before reposting to reflect Space Tactical Fighting Unit prefix

so...

pride of the Empire's Star Fleet!

STFU And Give Us Your Lunch Money

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Grant | June 11, 2024 02:35
372:

the only good thing that arose from Brexit?

nobody else is ever going to attempt a FrancExit or a PolExit

the EU was long seen as a threat by any US megacorp executive and amongst even the usually shortsighted policy wonks in federal government...

now that there's a 'before' and an 'after' all the fears of a single market having come to be easily seen

("fear" from POV of US ruling elite)

good possibility, by 2050 for the EU to forgive UK and offer re-admittance... after suitable groveling from 2045 thru 2050

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 03:00
373:

Your primitive, uncivilised 3rd-world shithole IS NOT THE PLANET ... - also - OK?

I had to look it up. We don't carry around a card with them.

But you can look it up yourself.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 04:09
374:

...but now that the term has been explained, would I be right in guessing that you, like me, have done it... but called it something meaningful, like "tapping out the number on the rest switch" or something?

Almost tempted to plug in a phone and see if I still got rhythm.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from whitroth | June 11, 2024 04:21
375:

What it means is that there is no dial (or keypad). You pick up the phone, and work the on/off hook several times, and an operator will pick up and talk to you.

Flashing the hook was also used to activate some services. For example, if I subscribed to three-way-calling I could call you and get you on the line, then flash the hook and call David, and when he answered flash again and we now had a three-way call. (Or something like that — I haven't done it since the 80s so might have the details wrong, but flashing the hook was definitely part of it.)

IIRC it could also be used to park a call or put someone on hold, again depending on how the phone was configured.

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 11, 2024 04:36
376:

realistic starship names none of this hug-it-out Star Trek crap

Scout ship names should obviously be humorous though. The Space Empire Scouts: Oops Damn I'm Out Of Here; Holy Shit This Is Bad; and Don't Step In That It Looks Scary.

I'm quite liking the Ooops series though. The next step up being Explorer Class Empire Ships: Ooops I Did It Again; Oops Sorry I Missed; Not Sure Where That Came From; and It Was Quiet Here A Moment Ago.

Ones with actual fighting ability should get names like: Dammit I Meant To Shoot The One Next To You; For A Little Gun It Makes A Big Mess; I'm Telling My Parent About You; and I Didn't Do It, It Was Someone Else.

Bigger ships: Fuck You Too; Diplomacy At Gunpoint; Do It Harder; One More Time With Feeling; Emphasis On The Third Strike.

But in reality we all know that the names will be either nasty people or stupid. ESS Invincible III; GBS Armageddon; QLR Nancy Fogbottom; and so on.

(Every Space Ship, Great Big Ship and Queen's Little Rowboat)

 Rocketpjs | June 11, 2024 04:37
377:

When I was in high school I learned how to take apart the handheld part of a payphone and short circuit the connection with a coin to get a free call. I think I used it a few times, then lost interest. It certainly was a rote learning thing, I had no technical understanding of why it worked.

I have done quite a bit of DIY stuff, sometimes in error where my doing it cost far more in time and money than it would have taken professionals to complete (to the tune of $100k). But I guess now I am very skilled at drywall and I did get to spend an enjoyable year working alongside my father on the project.

My rule now - at home and at work - is the injury/fatality rule. If I do this wrong, will somebody get hurt, die or be out a great mountain of money? If I don't patch a hole in a wall very well it will just be a little unsightly. If I were to wire something incorrectly people could die. I can replumb a sink or toilet, but I'm not connecting to water mains or hooking up a hot water tank with gas fittings.

I haven't changed a tire in at least 20 years. I have disassembled and reassembled parts of an ancient one cylinder diesel engine while in moderately heavy seas because I had no other choice (and the correct tools and the manual ready to hand), but I don't recommend it and when we limped in to land I had a real mechanic person come and fix what I had done.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 05:26
378:

The "Invincible" will always be the first ship to die, even if the fleet includes a scout ship called "Dink".

 timrowledge replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 05:33
379:

My ROU is “May Contain Nuts”, or May for short.

If we’re claiming DIY related skills, then I’ve enjoyed designing gas turbines, motorcycle chassis, furniture, logos, jewelry, software, cpus, OSs, lego parts, houses and so on. I built my own motorcycles, lots of furniture and my house. I know for certain that people who are more specialised are likely going to do some of those things better- but none of my things have been less than good and quite a few are up with the best. Competence is not magic after all.

 Moz replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 11, 2024 05:50
380:

The funny version would be to have "Invincible I" up to whatever number all in service at the same time. Not as a class, as actual names.

I still want to see a submarine called Unsinkable.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 06:46
381:

I, for one, prefer the existing US version of ship's names. There's the Lincoln-class Whatsits, led by the USS, as named by the Echelons Above Reality to get their pet pork barrel funded. To the swabbies belowdecks, she's the Stinkin' Lincoln, but I'd get in a fight if I called her that to her crew.

So, in the fullness of time, the Satellite Ram Drone USSF Asimov might become the Assmove to the Groots* jockeying her keyboards back on the ground. But only when the brass isn't listening and the AI isn't recording.

*The USSF does not have Spacemen instead of Airmen, as their parent USAF has. Instead, space cadets graduate to become Guardians. I presume without evidence that they get called Groots by those interested in a little interservice rivalry, barroom style...

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 11, 2024 07:09
382:

Aotearoa uses Maori names but they are either place names (and not the fun ones) or platitudes "strong" and "powerful" 🙄 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_active_Royal_New_Zealand_Navy_ships

I'd much rather they used useful names like Waikaremoana ("bloke got pissed off and chucked this chick into the sea and drowned her. She came back as a monster but got trapped in a valley. The end") Fukkit, if we can use the "bravely running away" haka to represent the mighty All Blacks, a lake named after a trapped monster ("loser") makes perfect sense.

https://teara.govt.nz/en/photograph/2714/the-story-of-lake-waikaremoana

 Moz | June 11, 2024 08:03
383:

"morality is not defined by how high your horse is (you probably shouldn't let your horse smoke weed)"

It doesn't seem to be a folk saying, even without the parentheses. But I think it should be.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 08:04
384:

I have seen a boat named "The unsinkable II" in real life, but I dont know the story.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 08:31
385:

Q: what does Star Fleet do when they hear the USS Enterprise (NCC1701Z) pops a stitch and has a warp core breach?

...another alphabet perhaps Vulcan? ...maybe that set courtesy of Dr Suess?

 Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 08:33
386:

David L
Please read what I wrote - I SAID I looked it up!

Pigeon
AIUIU, "Tapping" a phone no longer works, since it's all-digital, now & analogue signalling goes nowhere.

Moz @ 376
And anyone else on this sub-thread ... do, please stop it.
Because the still-missed Ian Banks did it so much better.

Timrowledge
"May contain nuts" - as per The Curse of the Were-Rabbit you mean?
Which reminds me, I understand a new Wallace/Gromit film is in the works ....

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 08:42
387:

Q: what author of "Ooops series"

asking for bored old farts too lazy to google it

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 11, 2024 09:41
388:

»good possibility, by 2050 for the EU to forgive UK and offer re-admittance... after suitable groveling from 2045 thru 2050«

Tl;dr: Dream on, Not happening.

It was UK who insisted on the treaty forcing anyone who left to enter through the front door, and they are not ever going to get an exception from that

UK also pushed very hard for the Copenhagen Criteria to be such that no country could be admitted if there were /any/ chance of it becoming an economic liability or political troublemaker.

Before attaining "candidate" status, UK will have to get over the "emotional hangups" which prevent them from even applying /and/ have a robust EU-like market and economy.

No country can be admitted to EU until all territorial disputes with EU members have been resolved peacefully, so before it can even apply, Gibraltar and Northern Ireland has to be "resolved peacefully."

Next the £ will have to be exchanged for €. That's going to upset a lot of people, in particular owners of some large stashes physical money.

Finally, neither the hereditary peers, nor the special status of the square mile is compatible with the EU's democratic criteria.

The self-rule of Scotland and Wales, if they have not eloped already, will probably not have to be resolved before applying, but will have to be resolved before being admitted as full EU member.

So it's going to take some serious motivation to become ready to apply, and the Copenhagen Criteria prevents that motivation from being "our economy has gone south".

To meet the economic and market criteria, the tax-evasion and money-laundering will have to be stopped, and the UK industry have to be robust enough to survive the competition. I wont even get into the land-ownership thing.

Going by the book, this amounts to: Have a revolution, throw the rich bastards into the sea, rebuild the economy and society from scratch, then apply.

But if UK is /really/ motivated, it can rejoin EU in a few hours any time it wants: Declares war on Denmark, fire a single shot to land indisputably within 12 miles of the Danish coast and surrender without conditions.

 glauke replied to this comment from JohnS | June 11, 2024 09:45
389:

Absolutely not. I (41, F) work with Average Users of all ages and I'm here to tell you younger users know next to nothing. Especially if they were brought up with phones and tablets, those invite you to learn NOTHING.

I'm regularly stunned at what younger cohorts don't know about how their devices work, and how to work with their devices.

Sorry.

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 11, 2024 09:58
390:

I just meant the "oops" series of ship names.

You know, you start with the scout "Ooops, Don't Mind Me" and end up with the death star style "Oops I'm Sure You'll Find Another Star".

There's a whole thing in the sailing community about vaguely funny names, and I'm sure the powerboat community also has "To Infinity and Beyond" or similar things painted on silly boats.

Land racers tend to go for "Other Side Up" or "Please Turn Over" (labels on the underside of the vehicle), or the truck that carried the race car with "Do not overtake overturning vehicle" (the second 'over' being non-regulation).

I'm also thinking some "Insert Pedant And Press Any Key" stickers might be amusing additions to rubbish bins, like the "insert credit card here" sticker I saw on a shredder once.

 Damian replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 10:23
391:

Do not take overturned vehicle? I used to see that (upside down, or possibly more accurately the right way up) on a car that was often parked near the AD Hope building at ANU.

 Damian replied to this comment from Damian | June 11, 2024 10:27
392:

Oh, never mind... you're in Sydney. For a moment I'd misremembered and thought you were in Canberra (not that I've lived there either, for roughly 26 years, which is how old my anecdote is).

 Damian replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 11, 2024 10:43
393:

When I was in high school I learned how to take apart the handheld part of a payphone and short circuit the connection with a coin to get a free call.

For at least a period when I was in high school in the 80s, as I understand it the way some payphones worked was by disconnecting the rotor pulse from the line until a coin was inserted. At least that's how I explain being able to make free calls by striking the switch in the cradle in a pattern that mimicked the pulses the rotor would usually generate if you dialled a number. Of course, as a small child I had gotten a disconnected, therefore unbilled landline to work for local and trunk calls, which led to a succession of hippies coming to the house to use the free phone (please, man). I knew nothing of phreaking culture or that it was a thing, but I did love that sort of tinkering, which was more about exploring the problem space than understanding underlying principles.

 paws4thot | June 11, 2024 11:16
394:

386.3- Who is "Ian Banks"? I've heard of (and read) Iain (M) Banks!

388 Para 9 - Works (well) for Scotland. I'm less certain about (South) Wales (and Norn Irn).
Para 13 - For me, this would work better if s/Denmark/Netherlands.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 11, 2024 12:03
395:

»Para 13 - For me, this would work better if s/Denmark/Netherlands.«

This hypothetical is based on what Denmark has "traditionally" done with conquered land, I dont know about NL in that respect.

(If attempted, I cannot imagine any EU member country would take it seriously.)

 Moz replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 11, 2024 12:19
396:

For true British style there'd have to be a naval assault on some small, landlocked country. Using cavalry.

Actually, even better, use the Mainland Navy to attack the actual European parliament then demand to surrender to the whole EU. Obviously you'd first need to conscript some puffins to form the Mainland Navy... and teach them to ride seals (navy seals, of course).

I vaguely recall that we've discussed this sort of thing before.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 12:59
397:

there'd been in the late 1990s a vendor of vibrators which had as its selling point, customized racing stripes and names baked into the plastic

so around 1997 my girlfriend was looking for a birthday gift for a friend who'd just gotten entangled in a messy divorce, thus in need of a pick-me-up

so when I suggested a matte silver shell emblazoned with "To Infinity and Beyond" in neon red, my girlfriend's first response was to scowl at me in disgust then after a moment's reflection, reached for her credit card and the phone...

...two weeks later when it was delivered (plain brown cardboard no extra charge) she took one look at it and almost kept it for herself

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 13:05
398:

Q: somehow work in a fox hunt?

lots 'n lots of posh folk riding in elegant style...

...after a robotic mockup of a fox...

chasing it right off the Cliffs of Dover...?

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 11, 2024 13:25
399:

good possibility, by 2050 for the EU to forgive UK and offer re-admittance... after suitable groveling from 2045 thru 2050

While Labour and Conservative manifestos are pointedly not talking about Brexit, the LibDem leader has come out swinging, declared it a failure, and is talking about rejoining the EU -- probably via the EEA first.

Note that while there is much uncertainly over the post-election make-up of parliament, some possible outcomes include the LibDems as the largest opposition party (with the Tories in utter chaos and/or merger/takeover talks with Reform UK, the fascists-in-suits who are nibbling at their flank from the right).

If next month the main opposition party is talking about re-joining the EU or joining the EEA, that represents a seismic shift in British politics: the Overton window (on that one issue) gets slammed hard in the opposite direction to 1997-2015.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 11, 2024 13:31
400:

But if UK is /really/ motivated, it can rejoin EU in a few hours any time it wants: Declares war on Denmark, fire a single shot to land indisputably within 12 miles of the Danish coast and surrender without conditions.

Which is going to cause no end of a lot of screaming and running in circles with pants on fire at the UN, as Denmark suddenly acquires strategic nuclear weapons and a permanent seat on the UN Security Council.

Hmm, I think I like this outcome!

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 14:39
401:

""Tapping" a phone no longer works, since it's all-digital, now & analogue signalling goes nowhere."

Not true. My butt-set (phone specially designed for line testing) will do analogue dialing and it works. There's a lot of old-style analogue equipment out there for various reasons.

 Damian replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 11, 2024 14:40
402:

Hmm, I think I like this outcome!

It gets betterer. Denmark recognises the opportunity to defuse its own racist right by transferring its Syrian refugees to permanent settlement programs in the former UK (now Royal Danish Great Britain... having ceded Ulster to the Republic). Not only its own, but soon enough most or all of Europe's. This has the twin effect of stealing the wind from the sails of the supposed shift right in European politics (Orban dies after choking on KFC and is replaced by a progressive) and tripling the size of the RDGB economy, which sees its largest boom since the 1870s. Most German, Swedish and Czech manufacturers move their operations to RDGB due to the relative cost of labour, leading to far LEFT unrest in Central Europe and ultimately an international trend toward the collectivisation of industry. The next steps only require some sort of political solution for climate change and a pathway toward a modest socialist utopia...

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 11, 2024 14:48
403:

But if UK is /really/ motivated, it can rejoin EU in a few hours any time it wants: Declares war on Denmark, fire a single shot to land indisputably within 12 miles of the Danish coast and surrender without conditions.

I thought you were Danish? Do you really want to wind up saddled with a country as dysfunctional as the UK appears to be, with over ten times your population? I know the Danes are mighty warriors with a history of conquering England and extorting tribute, but I doubt you could fit enough loot into the longships to make it a paying proposition.

If you try, don't forget your helmets. You'll no doubt need them.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pD-f45TbvEw

Maybe the right Royal marriage is a solution? With the right weddings and abdications, the British Royals could bring their kingdom into another kingdom that is already part of the EU.

 Damian replied to this comment from Leroy F. Berven | June 11, 2024 14:48
404:

It worked quite well.

Yes it did! But it was pulse dialling and not tones being emulated. ISTR there was a sequence to initiate a call from certain payphones in the 80s, but from the mid 80s to the early 90s payphones were phased in for which this did not work at all. I have the impression it still worked from most payphone here into the early 80s, at least for local calls.

 Damian replied to this comment from Moz | June 11, 2024 14:59
405:

For true British style there'd have to be a naval assault on some small, landlocked country. Using cavalry.

I always thought The Mouse That Roared, which was after all a British film, referred vaguely to Liechtenstein. I suppose the UK declaring war on Liechtenstein (especially a naval war, given the second link above) and then surrendering would be a perfect instance of turning the tables.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 15:27
406:

Greg Tingey @ 367:

Rude, crude & socially unacceptable, so GFY!

 Retiring | June 11, 2024 15:33
407:

Reviewing the Apple news from yesterday, I find that ChatGPT will also permeate Apple devices.

But there's going to be a focus on privacy! By having a different cloud, somehow? As per this:

"Apple stressed that the new "Apple Intelligence" system it's integrating into its products will use a new "Private Cloud Compute" to ensure any data processed on its cloud servers is protected in a transparent and verifiable way."

"When a bigger, cloud-based model is needed to fulfill a generative AI request, though, Federighi stressed that it will "run on servers we've created especially using Apple silicon," which allows for the use of security tools built into the Swift programming language."

No doubt this will work wonderfully and without hacks of any kind!

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 11, 2024 15:38
408:

Heteromeles @ 381:

*The USSF does not have Spacemen instead of Airmen, as their parent USAF has. Instead, space cadets graduate to become Guardians. I presume without evidence that they get called Groots by those interested in a little interservice rivalry, barroom style...

If they aren't, they should be. 😏

 Rocketpjs | June 11, 2024 15:46
409:

When I used to race in sailboats I wanted to name a boat [REDACTED], with the brackets and everything. Much fun to be had after races when they read out the standings in the pub.

 Vulch replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 11, 2024 16:01
410:

Maybe the right Royal marriage is a solution?

If you don't mind a bit of a massacre, the current King of Sweden is around 300th in line of succession to the English Throne. With somewhat less bloodshed and if EEA/EFTA is acceptable rather than full EU membership then King Harald of Norway is 80th. The Danes start at about 360, exact positioning depends on how abdications of other thrones are handled.

 JReynolds replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 11, 2024 16:30
411:
Declares war on Denmark, fire a single shot to land indisputably within 12 miles of the Danish coast and surrender without conditions.

Isn't that similar to what the micro-nation Grand Fenwick did in the 1950s some time? It didn't turn out quite the way they thought it would.

 Heteromeles | June 11, 2024 16:45
412:

Apropos of nothing: for those who like a lot of science in their fiction:

https://www.nature.com/articles/s41586-024-07639-y aka The Space Omics and Medical Atlas (SOMA) and international astronaut biobank

The quotes from the WaPo are that space travel is hard on humans, women appear to endure it better than men, and there are no obvious show stoppers to keep astronauts from going to Mars. And coming back.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 11, 2024 16:47
413:

Rumor has it, that this situation was brought up first in a closed door workshop titled "How bad can brexit be for Denmark?"

Does that answer your question ? :-)

Problem is, it does not seem to be impossible.

The declaration of war must be legit, whatever that means under UK's laws, but that merely means the entire cabinet and possibly C3PO must be OK with it.

(I assume somebody went through with a legal caulking gun and closed all single person sized loop-holes during the cold war?, right?!)

It is not even obvious if it goes against NATO's article 8, since it merely means that the next NATO meeting begins with Denmark saying "We seem to have aquired UK."

OGH is undoubtedly correct as far as the running around in circles, but not about the security council.

Denmark cannot just step into the empty shoes in treaties UK signed when it existed, that's not how treaties work, in particular not the Charter of the UN.

To get a permanent seat on the Security Council, Denmark would have to carry an article 108 motion to change article 23. That requires 2/3 of members incl. all permanent members.

It's not obvious that so many countries, much less the big guns, think EU needs to have two seats.

 Retiring replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 11, 2024 17:05
414:

I know the Danes are mighty warriors with a history of conquering England and extorting tribute

Never mind the capacity of the longships, is there tribute even to be had? The last overview of the situation in the U.K. that I read was pretty grim. Some excerpts:

To Americans watching the sudden sprint to a new Parliament, Britain looks like a zombie state and a cautionary tale...

As of last year, the country’s per capita G.D.P. is 8.4 percent below its 2007 peak — a significant decline, which has helped make the country outside of London poorer than Mississippi.

Britain’s homelessness rates are the worst in the developed world.

In late 2022, ambulances were taking more than an hour and a half to respond to calls for strokes and heart attacks

Poorer than Mississippi?

 anscott | June 11, 2024 17:26
415:

I imagine businesses will find it useful seeing what their employees have been up to on their business owned pc's. They will also use a group policy to prevent the feature from being disabled by users, except for management of course.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 17:30
416:

»As of last year, the country’s per capita G.D.P. is 8.4 percent below its 2007 peak«

This is not a very useful statistic.

First because UK's financial system was ground zero for the bubble which burst in 2008, but more importantly because most fluctuations in UK's GNP are caused by tax-evasion and money-laundering.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 17:37
417:

Poorer than Mississippi?

The poverty is undeniable, but unevenly distributed. I'm in Edinburgh: it's clearly not as prosperous as central London, but it's not far behind. But a couple of months ago I head reason to visit Carlisle, a north-western English town. At 6pm on a Tuesday night the town centre was desolate, all the shops and restaurants and cafes shuttered: the one surviving department store was closing down, the local Weatherspoons pub was up for sale, the local fried chicken shacks were in poor shape (some of them closed for good) -- that's the poor folks' take-away food that has replaced fish and chips, fish being too expensive.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 17:44
418:

Skimmed your post, and misread Federighi as Ferengi. Is that a misstatement?

 Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 17:47
419:

P H-K
Um ... N Ireland is subject to a referendum in that area - so that is already resoved peacefully
And GB has held Gibraltar longer than Spain ever had it & is subject, also to International Treaty ( Of Utrecht )
Th £ can be kept until we are "ready" to join the Euro - which Sweden has been successfully postponing for .. how many years?

Paws
Surely? It's the same I (M) Banks, or are you winding me up?

Charlie @ 399
Correct & joining the EEA is the obvious route to follow.

Troutwaxer
Thanks for that...

John S
The USA is SUPPOSED to be a developed 1st world country ...
It does not have a healthcare system - therefore it's a 3rd world shithole, ok?

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 17:57
420:

Ian =/= Iain. Clear?

 David L replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 11, 2024 18:26
421:

Not true. My butt-set (phone specially designed for line testing) will do analogue dialing and it works. There's a lot of old-style analogue equipment out there for various reasons.

And in the reverse direction you can buy (in the US at least via Amazon, ebay, Poshmark, etc...) various old time modeled hand sets with dials that will connect via bluetooth to modern cell phones. Both made to look like something from the 1920s/1930s and later or whimsical things like a Mickey Mouse candle stick phone. Or just a plain handset handle with a button to connect and disconnect.

 David L replied to this comment from Damian | June 11, 2024 18:32
422:

but from the mid 80s to the early 90s payphones were phased in for which this did not work at all.

Back in the day, in the US, when you dropped in a quarter, dime, or nickle each coin type rang a bell with a different tone. And that was how an operator knew you have dropped in the correct amount when you wanted to place a non local call. This meant the operators needed to have the skill to decipher the 3 tones and add out the money amounts in their head or a note pad quickly in real time.

This gradually went away. Especially as some people started bringing their own bells. Of course it was hard to catch them as it was only when the money box was emptied and the area totals started coming up short that a serious problem could be noticed. I'm thinking in the pre-computer days no one audited individual phones as the paper work would be immense to tie together all the details for each phone.

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 18:36
423:

No doubt this will work wonderfully and without hacks of any kind!

I get the impression that at one level they will be spinning up VMs on demand and toss them as soon as the request is processed and the results returned.

Local research lab data centers were headed this way a few years ago to be able to avoid malware infestations. I was at a talk by an admin who had it down to a week at most for most of their VMs and some down to a day of life. The goal was on demand spin up then toss.

Not that the bad guys will not try hard to get access to the data and results of such setups.

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 18:40
424:

Poorer than Mississippi?

If true, WOW.

In the US Mississippi ranks 48, 49, or 50 in almost every metric of life and/or economic level of individuals. And seems to be proud about it.

Says he from the US.

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 18:42
425:

And GB has held Gibraltar longer than Spain ever had it

I think that would depend on how you define Spain.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 11, 2024 18:44
426:

Denmark suddenly acquires strategic nuclear weapons

Vikings with nukes. I can see a steady output of satire, SciFi, and cartoons for years.

With helmets.

Would they be used in funerals?

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 18:58
427:

»And GB has held Gibraltar longer than Spain ever had it & is subject, also to International Treaty ( Of Utrecht ) «

None of that matters for present purposes:

Spain has never abandoned their formal claim to Gibraltar, and they have announced that they will veto UK admittance until Gibraltar is handed over to Spain, and that's the end of that.

If UK wants back in EU, they hand over Gibraltar first or forget about it.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | June 11, 2024 19:23
428:

»Vikings with nukes.«

That actually is an interesting point, now that I think of it: Both UK and Denmark are signatories to the NPT.

UK has pledged to not transfer nukes to anybody, and Denmark has pledged to not receive them from anybody.

My best guess is that Denmark would retire UK's nuclear weapons ASAP, and be strongly leaned on to do so by USA, so they can get out of the "special relationship"

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 11, 2024 19:32
429:

so they can get out of the "special relationship"

Then there is the deal to build nuclear attack subs with the US and Aus.

 Retiring replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 20:36
430:

The USA is SUPPOSED to be a developed 1st world country ... It does not have a healthcare system - therefore it's a 3rd world *

Really, Greg?

My brother lives in rural farm country in Wisconsin. Last year he woke up at 5 AM gasping at the pain in his chest. He called 911; 12 minutes later an ambulance was there; 30 minutes later he was in an ER hooked up to an EKG and blood drawn to test for infarction enzymes. No bill for the ambulance; $150 copay for the ER. And happy to hear, no apparent damage to his heart.

Meanwhile, here's what USAians are reading about healthcare in the UK:

According to research by the House of Commons, the number of people waiting for hospital treatment from the National Health Service has tripled since 2009; the share of patients spending more than four hours in the emergency room has grown from about 5 percent in 2011 to above 40 percent today; and the number forced to wait more than 12 hours for admission to the hospital, which was near zero before the pandemic, is above 40,000 this year. In late 2022, ambulances were taking more than an hour and a half to respond to calls for strokes and heart attacks.

Medice, cura te ipsum!

 David L replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 20:47
431:

Medice, cura te ipsum!

Greg has only one metric that he uses to compare these things. So by his standards if you don't have this one thing, you're crap.

Both systems have lots of warts. The US seems to have more. But that's about it.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 11, 2024 20:50
432:

"The declaration of war must be legit"

OK, sure, so next thing, what counts as "a shot"? I suppose it has to come from a military weapon being operated by military personnel following legitimate orders, but that still leaves a lot of room for interpretation. Could we, for instance, issue Private Milligan with an official army water pistol from the armoury (having done all the standard paperwork for accepting a weapon into army inventory, issuing it to a soldier, etc. etc. and whatever other bumf is normally generated), and then order him to go and squirt the Little Mermaid? Do we have to also issue him with a bottle of official army water from the canteen, or are we allowed to economise, and tell him to collect his own ammo out of the harbour when he gets there?

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 11, 2024 20:54
433:

Greg, please, stop bloody seagulling, for goodness sake. It pisses off whoever you're replying to, it pisses off Charlie, it pisses off people like me who basically agree but don't gain anything from seeing the same rather trivially obvious point repeated in the same bluntly uncivil style several times per thread, it pisses off... well I can't think who it doesn't piss off, really, apart from yourself. What is the point?

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 21:09
434:

Meanwhile, here's what USAians are reading about healthcare in the UK:

Yep, that's 100% the outcome of deliberate Tory policies to prep the NHS for a carve-up and sale to American private equity healthcare corporations.

Before 2010, under Labour (and previous Tory governments before they decided to fuck the NHS over a barrel) you used to be able to get the ambulance ride within minutes ... and there's no such thing as a co-pay in the A&E unit, either. Not even today.

(This is why it's ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL to vote the bastards out next month. Labour might well not fix the healthcare system, but the Tories as they currently are will absolutely do their best to complete its destruction.)

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 11, 2024 21:12
435:

Greg is the personification of the "old man shouts at passing clouds" meme.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Retiring | June 11, 2024 21:36
436:

Depends on where in the US. And what insurance did he have? https://www.verywellhealth.com/why-an-ambulance-costs-so-much-4093846

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 11, 2024 21:55
437:

The problem with these debates is none of us on this blog have details knowledge and experience of the situation in both countries. But we see lots of news headlines and some articles. And in general news articles get written about problems not a things that just work.

I have a neighbor who is a bit over 70. He was Scottish by birth but became a naturalized US citizen about 20 years ago. He and his wife spend about 1/4 to 1/3 of their time in the UK with the rest in the US. His son and son's kids live in the US. His daughter and her kids live in the UK. I think all the grand kids are under the age of 10.

He gets to see, experience, and get griped at about both systems up close and personal for him, his wife, kids, and grand kids. He says the UK system is better. Overall. But not by a lot. There are a LOT of factors in play.

In general he feels the UK system has a chance to get to a better system with less craziness than the US one has.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 11, 2024 22:20
438:

That is, of course, assuming you have insurance. And yes, this is personal - my wife din't work enough quarters (she has Fibro), and when she turned 65, they cut her off from KP, that she'd been going to for years. She had to get on under her ex (three months with no docs, only going to an urgent care twice, once to renew her metformin, noot any of the other meds she's on). And now that we juts got married, they cut her off everything, and she's got to work through us being able to pay to be on Medicare for her for a year, before she gets in under me.

There is no co-ordination.

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | June 11, 2024 22:31
439:

That is, of course, assuming you have insurance.

No. As I said, it is complicated. Depending on where you live there may or may not be medicaid. And other "poverty" programs.

As I said, each system has warts. We tend to focus on the warts in front of us.

In very broad terms the UK system tends to give similar coverage to all peoples. The US systems gives more varied coverage to various people groups based on where they live and income levels. Some of it better than the UK system. Some of it worse.

I tend to think the UK system is more "fair". But both have big warts that I do not like.

 Moz replied to this comment from David L | June 11, 2024 23:00
440:

Then there is the deal to build nuclear attack subs with the US and Aus.

That's Danegeld... uh.... USgeld ... agreed to by the failing far right government just before the last election in Australia. If you gave the current government even the slightest excuse I'm sure they'd look terribly, terribly sad about not being saddled with the tar baby. They might even get Macron to stut about saying "I knew it would never work, the French Unsinkable Class submarines are superiour in every way".

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | June 11, 2024 23:21
441:

»The problem with these debates is none of us on this blog have details knowledge and experience of the situation in both countries.«

As it happens my first kid was born in USA and the second in Denmark.

What surprised me most, is that it is small details you wouldn't even imagine, which throw you of.

The hospital in US had a nonnegotiable policy: The father cannot hold the child unless a nurse is also in the room. They implemented this by having the maternity ward on the top floor, and a nurses station right in front of the lifts, and any male person entering from the visitors lift got a nurse "bodyguard" who did not leave his side, until he entered the lift again.

I can think of may reasons why they have that policy, and I hate to say it, but in hindsight it was probably both a good and sound policy to have, but in the situation it upset me. (So much that they called the hospital's lawyer, around 2am, and got an exception, but /only/ because I was from Denmark.)

Similarly, my ex-wife, with her run-of-the-mill quasi-neurotic US relationship to healthcare, was very concerned that nobody in Denmark hangs their diplomas in their offices: How can you know they are qualified and not imposters ? (Our family doctor kindly brought his education and authorization certificates to work so she could see them. Not nearly as impressive as the US ones.)

But what /really/ threw her, was us entering the maternity ward, where a smiling and seemingly not-a-care-in-the-world midwife greeted her with a cheerful "You look like somebody who's going to have a baby one of these days...". (She must also have activated some kind of signal because in no time two nurses and two porters with a bed rushed to our side.)

Add to that, that even inside tiny Denmark, your experience and satisfaction depends on which precise nurse, doctor or hospital you encounter and when.

So, yeah, good for that dude in Wisconsin, but single cases are no way to compare healthcare systems.

And yes, before you ask: I've seen the invoice for my sons birth, and even after the heavy discount to the HMO at my wife's work, that was still an eye-watering amount of money.

 Moz replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 11, 2024 23:36
442:

nobody in Denmark hangs their diplomas in their offices

It's a weird mix in Australia. My dentist has a whole wall of qualifications and awards in the waiting area... that belong to the semi-retired person who owns the practice, not anyone who actually works there*. My GP's office has a similar wall that's much smaller and mostly shows the names and photos of the various doctors but has their qualifications after their names for those who happen to know that M.A.C.G.P.A.G. means "member of the australiasian college of general practitions and gynecologists" or whatever the various sets of letters translate to.

Meanwhile I care that they're eligible for the various government payments and trust that the process for auditing that means that when I see a "doctor" or a "nurse" I'm actually seeing someone with relevant qualifications and experience.

(* he's a board member of some important-sounding medical union and has prizes for being best in show at some dentistry thing (in 2004) but there's no way to make an appointment to see him using the booking system in the practice)

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from whitroth | June 11, 2024 23:46
443:

As David says it is complicated!

You may already know this and fall into an edge case that I am not aware of, but generally you shouldn't have to wait a year to switch to your plan.

Marriage and loss of coverage are both considered QLE's

https://www.healthcare.gov/glossary/qualifying-life-event/

But you have to notify your insurer within 30 or 60 days depending on the situation.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 11, 2024 23:56
444:

Vikings with nukes. I can see a steady output of satire, SciFi, and cartoons for years.

Piper had his Space Vikings, with nukes, so that was done a generation or two ago.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 00:03
445:

I'm not looking for pity..

but here in East Village neighborhood of New York City there's been yet more storefronts 'soaped over'... restaurants and boutique shoppes shutdown so hastily the property owner applies a thick layer of soapy water to deliberately dry into an visually opaque covering...

it's been more than two years since there's been a covid vax but still symptoms of incomplete recovery... also apartment vacancies, which verges upon the creepy...

and lots of anecdotal bits about various other cities hollowing out as half-empty office towers in turn lead to shoppes shutting down or reducing hours of operation

then there's the knock on effects of legalizing weed... street dealers losing a significant fraction of their upmarket clients... there's a number of illicit real time delivery services here in NYC going out of business and (sadly) none of 'em are eligible for unemployment benefits

 Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 00:09
446:

P H-K
It depends on a vote/referendum of the inhabitants of Gibralter - by International Law

Retiring
The UK's just-dissolved misgovernment have been trying to push for a US non-system for years, which is why our health services are in a bad way .. but still nowhere near as bad as the USA's - unless you have LOTS of money.
- which leads to ....
David L
Every other supposedly-developed country has Universal Health Care ... the USA does not, for about 2-3 times the cost & worse outcomes, OK?
SEE ALSO: Charlie @ 434 - who is right on the money, what a surprise!

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 00:14
447:

nobody in Denmark hangs their diplomas in their offices

My doctor has her's on the wall, I think. Maybe. Tucked in a corner while pride of place is given to her father's paintings.

I've never seen my dentist's diploma. I daresay she has one — can't imagine her being a lecturer at the dental school without one — but I've never seen it.

I think I've lost my teachers' diploma. (Certainly misplaced it.) You could look me up on the OCT website if you're really curious. Come to that, you can look up doctors too — that's how I located the doctor in Waterloo who recorded my OHIP number by mistake when he gave someone a Covid shot a few years ago*.


*Fortunately he was the only doctor with his name practicing in Waterloo, so I was able to track him down and get him to fix the mistake. (And later give me the shot when everywhere else was listing a two-month wait time. Which I got just before he left on his first break since before Covid. Poor chap looked really exhausted.)

 Mr. Tim replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 12, 2024 00:15
448:

*The USSF does not have Spacemen instead of Airmen, as their parent USAF has. Instead, space cadets graduate to become Guardians. I presume without evidence that they get called Groots by those interested in a little interservice rivalry, barroom style...

I keep reading that as "barsoom style..."

 Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 00:19
449:

“UK INVADES DENMARK”

so... how about we collectively crowd-source an outline and then author an Utterly Wacky Wiki™ centered on that plagiarized scenario[2]? A series of twisted bits of strangeness tucked into a couple dozen cross-linked articles... starting with...

those posh types[1] in Whitehall, seeing detailed projections of a slo-mo economic implosion by 2047 decide upon a series of bizarro schemes to save their collective selves from joining King Charles the First in being shortened by a head, given there's the very high probability of cannibalistic hordes of rugby fans and sober football hooligans[5] roaming the streets of London by 2055...

there being near-zero possibility of a bailout by the World Bank[3] or the US[4], that leaves the EU as lender of second-to-last resort...

one of those other schemes getting discussed seriously as an utter 'last resort' is selling the British Isles in whole or piecemeal to one or another quasi-criminal cash-larded entities: Saudi Arabia, Columbia, Russia, the Barony of Musk, China, Berkshire Hathaway, et al...

this rightly makes for an interesting sub-plotline, complete with mocked up maps and detailed spreadsheets of appraised valuation of entire cities and frenzied chatter...

tagline: So Why Not Invade Denmark™...?

====

[1] graduates of Eton-Oxford-etc; attendees of fox hunts; marrying their cousins; vast swatches of lands; huge heaps of poorly built rock 'n brick which are impossible to heat in winter called country lodges;

[2] movie version of Duchy of Grand Fenwick

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mouse_That_Roared_(film)

based upon a series of satirical books about an imaginary country in Europe called the Duchy of Grand Fenwick, starting with...

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mouse_That_Roared

[3] sorry London very busy call back next month; over-extended in dealing with yet another horrific series of climate change disasters, such as 75% destruction of Pakistan's crops due to early monsoons; whereas India's monsoons are paltry and late;

[4] sorry London we've got our own polycrisis; Florida slammed by the world's first category six hurricane; California finally has that mega-earthquake its been dreading; fracking in Texas triggers an underground fire nobody can figure out how to extinguish; New York bagels are discovered to be a leading cause of liver cancer;

[5] scary notion, thousands 'n thousands of suddenly sober knuckle draggers due to lager's price tripling

====

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 00:31
450:

"At 6pm on a Tuesday night the town centre was desolate, all the shops and restaurants and cafes shuttered..."

Er, and this is a bad thing why exactly? It's basically what I still tend to think of my town (Worcester) as being like, because that's how it always was in the days when I was likely to be passing through the town centre at 6pm on a (any) weekday night. Half the shops closed at 5pm, by 5:30pm the other half would also have closed, then by 6pm everyone would have fucked off home and the place would be more or less deserted. To propose that this was somehow "bad" would, perhaps, have had a good 70% probability of simply making whoever you proposed it to toddle off to the nearest phone box and ring up Powick to report an escaped inmate. And it did have the significant advantage - less apparent then, but very noticeable now by comparison with current conditions - that the term "rush hour" was chronologically accurate.

(Powick: just on the other side of the river, half a mile from the site of the first battle of the Civil War, motto: "Still proudly force-feeding people equine doses of LSD into the 80s". It's "posh" flats now, though why the fuck anyone wants to live in them is beyond me; even if you don't know the history one look at the architecture makes it pretty bleeding obvious what kind of history it was.)

What shops were there to be closing? Usual Smiths, Boots, M&S etc, same as more or less every town - all still there, and all still close by 5:30pm - plus a wide variety of shops whose only instances were in Worcester and maybe also a couple of other places, selling things like stationery, china (MASSIVE place, MASSIVE range), tools and ironmongery, electronic parts, kitchen appliances, bicycle parts, car parts, industrial rubber items (drive belts, seals, etc), books, music (recorded), music (gear for making), TVs/radios/gramophones/tape recorders (and related consumables) from the utterly crud all the way to the excellent, plumbing stuff, camera gear and film, haberdashery, agricultural supplies (BIG one, that), the veg/fruit the farms produced (all fresh, of course) and meat (ditto, cut off dead animals while you watched), it goes on and on and on... Where relevant, they would have a truly astounding range of small and obscure items stashed somewhere in the crumbling recesses of their titchy little jerry-built Victorian brick boxes (FSVO "brick", and "mortar" come to that), which they would go and dig out for you if you asked, or if they didn't have something they would either be able to get it for you in a few days odd or tell you who could. All (apart from obvious "luxury" items, of course) broadly at "normal people" prices (for locally representative values of "normal people"); not dirt cheap, but no rip-offs either, and if some item did happen to be remarkably cheap as a consequence of being shite, they would tell you the fact and the reason without trying to hide matters so you could make a sensible decision whether to still buy it or not. And of course all this was in the middle of town so it was within at least tolerably reasonable walking distance of a good proportion of the housing - or superbly convenient if you lived in a flat above a shop. (Indeed, we have a Green councillor/candidate, who was in my year at school, who considers restoring what is possible of these conditions as an important aim, and is guaranteed my vote if he stands in my ward.) You might have had to deal with the need to nick off work in time to reach the shops before 5pm, but there wasn't all that much, outside real exotica, that you wouldn't be able to get hold of eventually once you'd solved that one.

Unfortunately, one thing we did lack was any kind of useful defence against the ATTACK OF THE BREADHEAD WANKERS (some on the council, some nowhere near the town and with no conception of it other than as a means of acquiring money). Few of these shops actually owned the buildings they were in, so it was fairly trivial to kill them off simply by jacking the rent up, and because it was often quite easy to pick bits off the "brickwork" with your fingers (you still can in the housing built at the same time in the same manner; my sister had one for a few years) it was similarly easy to end up with A SITE. They would then build on the SITE something that was (to give it its due) at least structurally/materially sound, and rent out its sub-units at some bleeding horrendous rate that was unrealistic for nearly any potential occupier - but with a big chunk knocked off for the first 2 years of occupancy, so as to make it easier to con potential occupiers into thinking that by the time the 2 years is up they'll be coining it in enough to be able to manage the full rate. The buildings that were structurally sound to begin with (older ones built by respectable contractors, or more recent structures dating from after the advent of proper building regs) didn't get the replacement treatment, but the rest of the story was much the same.

So rather naturally the newly-constructed units are now used for playing Musical Shops; some anonymous hopeful turns up, manages to keep going for the first 2 years, can't then manage when the full rate comes in, and disappears, to be replaced by another barely distinguishable instance of the same species.

And what do these musical occupiers sell...? Crud. Shite. Market stall type plastic tat made in China, of marginally better quality than the stuff you find on an actual market stall but still not really able to withstand any useful degree of handling (the only things that might last are things like yet another nauseating "arty" picture of unicorns and surf (nowadays generated by Chat GPT) which you hang on the wall and don't touch, as long as you hang it somewhere the sun never touches it either). All the things are basically the same; if you don't find the specific items of tat in one shop to your taste, you can easily enough find two or three other shops selling a functionally identical item, which may be in a different-looking box but probably came out of the same factory, or at least the one next door, and isn't noticeably of either better or worse quality once you take it out of the box.

And they still all shut by 5:30pm.

If you want to buy anything that is actually useful and actually displays some vague approximation to the concept of manufacturing quality, you can get a predictable and distinctly limited choice by driving your car out to one of the instances of Same-Old-Crap Big Warehousey Place located right on the outskirts of the town (or just in the middle of a bloody field on the outskirts of other fields), driving it even further to Birmingham which is big enough that you can still get lucky, or just going "fuck it" and using one of the well-known giant international tax evader websites.

With the buildings that were structurally sound to begin with, the model does sometimes manage to work, in those cases where the building has a frontage on the actual High Street and the occupier is yet another sporulation of Same Shite Down Your Neck In Every Town (and therefore rich to begin with) - those outfits like Big Slab Of Concentrated Cholesterol, or A Pedestrian Underpass Is The Same Thing As A French Loaf, Isn't It?, or Coffee-Coloured Renal Efflux With Fake Italian Veneer That Real Italians Mock Mercilessly. Where one or both of those conditions are not met, the place is more likely to spend long periods boarded up looking derelict.

They've also tried to create a third flavour of the model by random mixing of elements from the first two flavours, plus a double helping of additional bleeding stupidity - to wit, firstly the notion that having loads of people sat out in chairs on the pavement getting in everyone else's way is somehow a good idea rather than just a bloody nuisance, and secondly that because people who live in balmy Mediterranean climates are observed to be fond of doing this, people who live in a soggy grey cold English climate will also want to do it just as much. The first phase of this was four years of disruption right bang in the town centre while sycophantic local newspapers gushed endlessly about what a bloody amazing way to spend millions and millions of pounds it was; the second phase was two years of a constant sickly random mixture of powerful smells from multiple different kinds of bad cooking; and the terminal phase is a load of brand new expensive units spending long periods with boards over the front, watched over by Sir Edward Elgar looking constipated with a road cone on his head and thinking "Land of Bloody Hope and Glory... what the fuck was I on?"

For sure we now have a rush hour which begins before 3pm and continues most of the way to midnight, and the relaxation of the licensing laws means that the town centre is now heaving with people walking from one boozer to another for a similar period, but this is not "prosperity", it's just that people like to get pissed.

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 01:21
451:

The hospital in US had a nonnegotiable policy: The father cannot hold the child unless a nurse is also in the room. ....

I can think of may reasons why they have that policy, and I hate to say it, but in hindsight it was probably both a good and sound policy to have, but in the situation it upset me. (So much that they called the hospital's lawyer, around 2am, and got an exception, but /only/ because I was from Denmark.)

Based only on what you just said, I'm betting the hospital or their liability insurance carrier had a situation in the past which caused major issue with health or law. So rule 439 was added to the list of things the hospital must do to get coverage with that carrier.

Personally I didn't run into this problem. But to be honest my 30+ year old memories don't include if a nurse was in the room non stop after my son was born. My daughter was a C-section baby (for good reason) and was whisked off to an incubator then the NICU across town. It was a day before I could hold her and 2 or 3 days before my wife could. And in the 20 or 30 bed NICU we were surrounded by nurses 24/7. We couldn't go in without a scrub up and putting on gowns and booties.

And I will in no way argue against that birthing a baby in the US costs way too much. But much of this is not from the medical system but results from from lawsuits from people who didn't get to take home a perfect baby. For reasons of nature or the system.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 01:37
452:

and lots of anecdotal bits about various other cities hollowing out as half-empty office towers in turn lead to shoppes shutting down or reducing hours of operation

Chicago and New York City have been hit the hardest in the US. Most of my reading about this deal with NYC which has been a bit of a hobby horse of mine for decades. With me visiting monthly at times. NYC's rent control and strictest in the nation building codes since WWII have led to some (much?) of the hassles the city is having now. And a few dozen other things. Covid just sort of made all the bad bits peak at the same time. My little city of 1/2 million has had similar issues with empty storefronts and such. And it is still a bit of an issue. Some of my income is based on the urban business area doing well. But much of the problem is in older businesses closing for all kinds of valid reasons. Covid for the most part just accelerated the timing a bit for most of them. Or for restaurants, many of the closings have to do with the clientele that has returned is 20-40 years younger than before and they don't want the same things as their elders. (The elders being frequently quoted saying racists or old fart things things.) Basically the people who came back to the urban areas are much younger than before. And looking for different things. There was a generational turn in 3 years. Which created a few problems. Especially with people who are against any change.

then there's the knock on effects of legalizing weed

My reading about this in New York is the implementation of the laws for this to happen has been a total CF. In so many ways.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 01:42
453:

Florida slammed by the world's first category six hurricane;

Well not hurricane but they are getting up to 20 inches of rain over the next few days in the Miami area.

I guess they talked to Sydney (Aus) and decided to try it for themselves.

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 01:46
454:

Every other supposedly-developed country has Universal Health Care ... the USA does not, for about 2-3 times the cost & worse outcomes, OK?

Again. Your mind is made up. And evidenced and details be damned. I'll stick to experiences of people who have spent decades in both systems. Plus those in a few other countries.

I'll not disagree that for the majority of people the UK system is better. At this point in time. And has a chance just now to fix some of the real issues.

Or that the US system isn't nearly as fair due to funding models with ancestry in the price control laws of WWII and other things.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 01:56
455:

"Hey you kids, got off of my lawn!"

(That's the U.S. version.)

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Retiring | June 12, 2024 02:06
456:

"...and the number forced to wait more than 12 hours for admission to the hospital, which was near zero before the pandemic, is above 40,000 this year."

Does it get mentioned that those >12 hours waiting for admission may well be spent lying on a trolley in a corridor, along with other patients lying on trolleys up both sides of the corridor and in every other bit of spare space (some of them wailing endlessly in uncomprehending agony) while being used as the tiles of shuffle-puzzles so that yet more patients can eventually be wheeled past, while medically qualified staff (rank unknown; you can't tell who's what any more these days; but nothing very high) incompetently perform unpleasant and pointless "procedures" which they unthinkingly assume that patients, since they're not staff, are too thick to realise aren't ever going to actually achieve anything, in order to conceal the fact that you haven't actually been admitted yet by making you think that since they are indeed doing things to you, then you must have been?

"the number of people waiting for hospital treatment from the National Health Service has tripled since 2009"

One thing the NHS are still good at is dealing with actual emergencies; if there is a genuine risk of death looming for whatever reason, they will pull all the stops out to shove you past the queues and delays and get started on the heavy shit pronto before it looms too much.

On the other hand if you have some condition which may be painful but nevertheless won't really do anything more than just hurt even if the necessary surgery is delayed, it's quite possible to spend several months waiting for a surgical appointment. The surgery in such a case has a reasonably good chance of being actually quite simple and needing little more than a surgeon and an anaesthetist as far as its requirements for highly skilled and qualified operators are concerned, but nevertheless the NHS is so strapped for such people that you can end up repeatedly seeing patients who are at risk of consequences more serious than "it just hurts" being jumped past you in the queue.

So if someone does have such a condition and is also at least technically capable of scraping up a loan for several grand at a pinch, even if they hate the idea, they have a pretty bloody strong motivation to do so in order to pay for private treatment, because it fucking hurts for fuck's sake.

A private hospital doesn't have the same kind of obligations as the public NHS; the NHS has to do their best to treat someone no matter how complicated it's going to be, but the private outfit can pick and choose who they will and won't treat according to the level of skill and facilities that that one hospital has available. Similarly the private outfit is allowed to say "sorry, we're full, bugger off", but the NHS, although allowed to prioritise, just has to find the space if the need exists. So by aiming only to carry out such simple surgeries and refusing any request to do anything that isn't really simple, it's quite viable for a private hospital to function on the quantity of resources they can accommodate in a facility of comparable physical size to a biggish private house.

Of course even the most trivial surgery can turn into a horror show if something goes wrong. Private hospitals don't have to plan for the worst case because that could be beyond the capability of any single hospital to handle, but for some reason they don't have to plan for a reasonably-expected level of badness either; planning for just a plain boggo middle-of-the-curve case is apparently allowed... as in, only one actual doctor on duty in the whole establishment.

So they get set up as pure irresponsible money-extraction machines targeted at people with painful but non-dangerous conditions. Take big pile of money off someone desperate to jump the queue; take them in, do the surgery; oops, fucked that up a bit; dump the mess on the NHS, since it's now an emergency and the NHS has to deal with it stat; rub hands in glee and have big wank over pile of money.

For fuck's sake.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 02:35
457:

heh...

little doubt after the storm's passing onwards, Governor-For-Life DeSantis will be demanding federal funding for the cleanup upon basis of Florida's status as an American state...

...and the very next day refusing to accept that the First Amendment protects all residents of Florida from governmentally operated censorship efforts and everyone has the right to vote and women have control over their bodies and...

{ rant cut off abruptly by Copilot }

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 12, 2024 02:56
458:

I keep reading that as "barsoom style..."

Well, the USAF has the Order of the Sword that awards giant swords ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Order_of_the_Sword_(United_States ). Dunno if the USSF has the same tradition yet. But given the whole Barsoomian thing about naked men in leather harnesses wielding long straight swords….i think you’re onto something with your reading.

 David L replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 12, 2024 03:23
459:

"Hey you kids, got off of my lawn!"

But not infrequently heard:


"Get the hell out of here you #)($)*(#$". Do you know how hard I work to keep this yard perfect?!?!?!
Then under breath "Damn kids".

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 12, 2024 03:43
460:

The way you describe that, it sounds almost exactly the same as it is on the other side of the pond.

If you are not obviously dying (missing limb/cardiac arrest), four hours is not the amount of time you spend in the Emergency Room. That is the minimum amount of time you wait in the waiting room. 12 hours from initial check-in to admission - I doubt it.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 04:22
461:

Some enterprising anthropologist should track down all the region variations. Maybe "Get the hell out of here you little shits" is an East-Coast thing...

 paws4thot | June 12, 2024 05:05
462:

434 - Well, I will not be voting for the Con Party, or Liebour, or even the Lemmingcrats. Of course, being in Scotland that still leaves at least 2 options...

437 - Personal account.
A bit over 2 years ago I had symptoms that I took for a heavy fluish cold. I turned up for dialysis. Staff Nurse (lowest grade fully qualified) took one look at me and ordered blood work. That came back "positive for staphlococus blood infection". One fight with a medical registrar (doctor) who had wanted to just prescribe oral antibiotics (he lost, she won) and 12 hours later I'd been through 2 ambulances (one emergency, one patient transport), 1 Emergency Room, one Admitting Ward, another ward and was now an in-patient in a specialist Dialysis Ward in a major teaching hospital receiving removal of infected chest catheter, surgical intervention for installation of PIC catheter, 3 times weekly haemodialysis by artereo-venous fistula and 3 times daily intraveneous antibiotics.
Fast forward 2 weeks and lots of blood tests to establish that the staph was clear, and I got a hospital supplied taxi (at NHS expense) home. All this and not a bill or a co-pay (whatever that is) in sight.

460 - Please see the above subsection.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 12, 2024 05:13
463:

ooooh crap

another stack of useless but mildly interesting academic papers that divert funding from my personal preferences towards someone else's preferences

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 05:35
464:

»It depends on a vote/referendum of the inhabitants of Gibralter - by International Law«

As I said: Doesn't really matter.

Spain has a veto, so Gibraltar goes to Spain before UK can rejoin EU.

How ?

That's for UK to sort out.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 05:47
465:

»Based only on what you just said, I'm betting the hospital or their liability insurance carrier had a situation in the past which caused major issue with health or law.«

That's my guess as well, and having met a number of prospective fathers during the thursday evening "What to expect..." seminars the hospital invited us to, I can all to easily imagine that, and understand why they did not want repeats.

But my point is still: No single event of health-care can or should be used to compare entire systems of health-care, because everybody can have a good or a bad day, including the patient.

 David L replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 12, 2024 05:54
466:

If you are not obviously dying (missing limb/cardiac arrest), four hours is not the amount of time you spend in the Emergency Room. That is the minimum amount of time you wait in the waiting room.

Varies all over. By region.

My wife had a fainting spell one evening. First time in her 60+ years. So we went to the ER. She was awake and pissed at me as we went. It is only a 5 minute drive from here when obeying the traffic rules so we didn't call an EMS setup as that would have likely taken 30 minutes start to finish.

Anyway we were there a total of 4 hours entry to exit. EKG and some visits by docs. Vegal nerve response was the decision. And it was a somewhat full house with most of the curtained areas occupied while we were there. A few times a gaggle of police were with someone.

I helps to live in a semi major metro area with 2 teaching hospitals in the area. A US situation.

For those that don't know, if someone shows up at a hospital in the US they ask for your insurance or payment method. Well if you or someone with you can answer such things. No matter what the answer they treat and sort out payments later.

In much (all now?) of the US we have what are called urgent care centers. Not quite a hospital but they can stitch minor wounds, do x-rays and utltr-asounds, run labs, fit a boot or wrist brace, etc... Not open 24/7 but most are 14/6 to 14/7. It was one of these that told me I had strep the day before my wife's scheduled eye surgery. That led to a cascade of fun scheduling.

And yes the payment things suck. But people are treated.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 05:57
467:

»so... how about we collectively crowd-source an outline and then author an Utterly Wacky Wiki™ centered on that plagiarized scenario[2]«

I'm in :-)

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 06:02
468:

"What to expect..." seminars the hospital invited us to,

My and my wife's first was 4 1/2 weeks early. And yes we had the dates correct. He was just too big to fit inside her. So we became a part of the tour the class/seminar we had been attending that was planned for the day after he decided to arrive.

My daughter was 7 1/2 weeks early. Again the dates were correct. This was a LOT more fun involving a C-Section, 2 hospitals, a NICU, flying my 2 1/2 year old son 1000+ miles on a day trip to stay with relatives, etc...

Yes, every data point is different. But having friends who are RNs in hospitals and rehab centers and one a top cardiologist gives us some inside information at times. One young lady got her RN then became a nurse in the ER ICU. Then got a gig at Harvard medical.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 06:17
469:

Varies all over. By region

Absolutely, and that is what I was getting at. And I think you were too.

It depends on your zip code, your age, and your expected income - there are multiple options to reduce your costs - by region (state, mostly)

 Moz replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 12, 2024 06:21
470:

Probably not an original thought: the conservatives are taking us back to the old days when rivers were sewers and modern medicine was unheard of.

 Tier2Tech | June 12, 2024 06:36
471:

In the US, emergency medical care can't be refused. It doesn't matter what insurance you have or don't have

You can figure out the payment plan later, but they can't deny you treatment unless you are labeled a drug seeker

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 06:39
472:

»But having friends who are RNs in hospitals[…]«

And just because such persons observe more than one single patient at one single admission makes their input infinitely more useful, than any "I know this one guy in Wisconsin[…]" anecdote.

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 06:46
473:

The couple I know, retired RN and cardiologist, did their initial few years on a Navaho reservation, then he at Duke medical, then in Dallas for a while for research then practice, then back to NC for a long time.

Experience is varied. But still not mid-town Manhattan or Mississippi.

As Charlie knows and has said, the US is a big place.

 Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 08:31
474:

David L
1: Have you heard of, or seen the International ( But heavily US-influenced ) web-site: "Quora"?
There the ongoing disaster of the absence of a US health system is often discussed.
2: Ever come across Our world in Data? - they have a large subsection on paying for healthcare & the outcomes - which is 100% clear & factual .. & horrible if you are in the USA.
Those are FACTS - you don't get alternative facts, only wrong opinions.
Your mind is made up. And evidenced and details be damned. - PROJECTION - you are lying, openly lying.
I will stick to facts. ESPECIALLY concerning both costs & life expectancy.
....
SEE ALSO pigeon @ 456, yes?

P H-K
Um, SPAIN has a terratorial dispute, too ...
GB can go - "And what about Ceuta & Melillia?" (If I've spelt that correctly) - fucking hypocrisy, including from you.

 Damian replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 10:09
475:

Especially as some people started bringing their own bells.

I never made a phreaking box, but they were definitely a thing.

 dpb replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 10:25
476:

You are missing the point. Slight embarrassment due to accusations of hypocrisy doesn't matter anything like as much as having your negotiating partner over a barrel.

Yes, it's unfair and hypocritical. Deal with it.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 10:49
477:

so... you do UK whimpering and I'll do Denmark's bemusement... who does the US rage soaked content? the EU Parliamentary sputtering?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 11:02
478:

in ways too many to count, New York City is multiple cities within a tightly packed set of boundaries

we've got neighborhoods which have been informally villages and/or enclaves

vast wealth is literally five subway stops from poverty... if measured in other ways... ten minutes... two miles...

in terms of medical care...?

coin toss since there's always something happening to somebody... GSWs are the least strange of injuries

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 12, 2024 11:45
479:

My doctor has her's on the wall

Here in the UK it is a mandatory legal requirement for any working pharmacy to display the registration certificate of the supervising pharmacist (including a locum if it's a shop and the regular pharmacist is absent for some reason). Goes back decades or more, the Pharmaceutical Inspectorate (who make random unannounced inspections of community pharmacies) will prosecute offenders.

(They do not approve of random uncertified shop staff being left in charge of quantities of controlled drugs, to put it mildly.)

I believe there are similar display-your-qualifications-or-else requirements for many but not all other professions (a "profession" in the strict sense of an occupation that is regulated by a statutory body with legal enforcement powers). Usually the ones where an imposter can kill people.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 12, 2024 11:50
480:

Er, and this is a bad thing why exactly?

Because it's a small historic town that predates the railways, with a ton of terraced houses within a short walking distance of that centre, and insufficient parking space for suburban-style living. In other words it's a living town, only now it's dying.

Serious signs of poverty, and a lot of locals who can't afford a car (or probably the bus fare) to get to your satellite shopping mall.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 12:20
481:

»Um, SPAIN has a terratorial dispute, too ... GB can go - "And what about Ceuta & Melillia?" (If I've spelt that correctly) - fucking hypocrisy, including from you. «

I have never said a word about what I personally think about Gibraltar or the various claims to it, I have merely repeated what the Spanish government has made abundantly clear will happen, if UK tries to join EU again.

Feel free to dream of UK reentering EU, feel free to be upset, hurt and angry about what happened and how and why it happened.

But please do not waste our time trying to deflect the blame: Everybody saw where the molotov cocktails where thrown from, and nobody forgets or forgives the smell or burning bridges in a hurry.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 12:29
482:

Serious signs of poverty, and a lot of locals who can't afford a car (or probably the bus fare) to get to your satellite shopping mall.

Sounds like a description of the Pittsburgh area of the US where I lived for 7 years in the 80s. Steel had fallen apart for reasons good and bad. And many of the neighborhood people didn't know how to cope. Much has changed since then. But only by replacing factory jobs for locals with root going back 100 to 200 years, or more, with young high tech oriented jobs. The vast area that was taken up by the closed J&L mill when I was there (and I mean vast) is now 1 to 4 story urban neighborhoods that look like areas of Manhattan only newer.

Carson street on the south side bordered the mill, which was against the river, and on the other side was miles of shops and houses which looked literally like sets from the movie Deer Hunter. Except mostly boarded up and empty. Then.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 12, 2024 12:32
483:

Presupposing the local hospital hasn't closed their emergency department due to economic contraction or posturing right wingnuts in State governments.

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 12:41
484:

I will stick to facts. ESPECIALLY concerning both costs & life expectancy.

Greg. Why can't you take the win?

As I said for routine care the UK systems seems to have overall better outcomes and access. But it has warts. And I've said the US system has warts also. More than the UK.

I have two sources for my information. People who deal in both systems on a regular basis on a personal level. And, and I didn't mention this before, discussions with people who collect the stats for use by Quora and others. Governments, policy makers, insurance companies, etc... Their stats show that for the typical non rich person normal care in the UK is better. And cheaper. But there are many situations where things are not nearly as good as in the US. And other countries. So you wind up with people stating one set of (TRUE) facts about how one system is better and other people stating another set of (TRUE) facts that the other systems is better.

I'm willing to concede neither is perfect. And that for the average person the UK is in the lead.

Maternity deaths in the US are a major issue. And it confounds simple answers as it doesn't seem to matter the income, social status, or access to medical care compared to other countries. This is in addition to the disparities within the US. I'm thinking (sarcasm here) maybe it's diet soda and chain burgers and fries.

But reading back through Charlie's comments on the UK system for the last 10-20 years, the UK system has a failure mode of if the central government screws up, it screws up for everyone who is not fantastically rich. Which is an issue I haven't seen an answer to for national government central payer systems.

As a side note, how are UK doctors induced/forced to work in areas that young recently out of school docs don't want to move to?

 Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 12:50
485:

THIS JUST IN...

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/12/us/atlanta-bus-hijacking-how-it-unfolded/index.html

gunman had hijacked Atlanta commuter bus with 17 people inside

"The suspect has 19 prior felony convictions, police said, though no further details were provided."

We know it was not Donald Trump (he has 34 and tried to hijack the presidency).

 dpb replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 12:51
486:

As a side note, how are UK doctors induced/forced to work in areas that young recently out of school docs don't want to move to?

By being officially in training for the first decade or so of their careers. According to a friend of mine who made consultant a couple of years ago people are moved around a lot, partly for "diversity of experience" but mostly so they don't form bonds with their colleagues and start to organise.

anecdata: Very few of the doctors I know have managed to maintain a long term relationship before qualifying.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Moz | June 12, 2024 12:54
487:

Some of them certainly, mostly it's not exactly evil folks who only dimly realize they live off of working class/small business types and think of carrying capacity seldom if ever.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 12:58
488:

Did you really think I was serious? To the point where I'd allocate funding?

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Moz | June 12, 2024 13:02
489:

The conservatives can definitely get the whole fucking way off my lawn!!

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 13:10
490:

Greg, YELLOW CARD.

Do not accuse other commenters of lying without evidence of actual malice. (Misinformed or incorrect, fine: these are factual assertions that can be evaluated. Lying is something else.)

 Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 14:07
491:

Charlie ... sorry, but he also accused me of having set views, that were actully in accordance with the facts ... as set out by "Our World in Data"

AND ...
David L ...
As a side note, how are UK doctors induced/forced to work in areas that young recently out of school docs don't want to move to? - AFAIK, they are not!
Ask Charlie, he knows the details a lot better than me.
Ah, I see - please read dpb @ 486

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 14:20
492:

I'm pretty sure I can do a much better Denmark than you on this.

I think it starts out like this:

Ohh, thankyouthankyouthankyou so much for calling back Prime Minister, I am really so sorry for disturbing you on midsummer morning, but we have a bit of a situation here.

It started with somebody handing in a physical letter, sealed for you personally, on saturday evening a bit after 10 pm, and since it looked like a posh invitation to a diplomatic reception, the gate guard put it in the internal mail, not noticing that the backside was clearly marked "Attention: Poste Diplomatique".

Then at 2am monday morning, Midsummernight no less, His Excellency, the Ambassador to the United Kingdoms barged in, very agitated, and insisted on an audience with You RIGHT AWAY about THE LETTER, and the guard called my secretary who then called me.

Like everybody else I was celebrating Sct. Hans in my beach-house on the west coast, and when I could not reach you, and were not sober enough to drive myself, I had to order a cab which took for ever to come and I could not convince the driver to drive faster than the speed limit, so I finally arrived here 20 minutes ago.

I wont sugarcoat it, His Excellency is very upset about being kept waiting in the main reception area for so long, despite the guard powering up the coffee automat for him and giving him a guest-card for it.

...

No, The Ambassador categorically refuses to tell me anything about what this is all about, insisting that it is for the PM's eyes and ears only, and he refuses to leave until he meets you.

...

Yes. He is camping out in the diplomatic reception room now. I have ordered a fine breakfast for him, it should be her shortly, but it looks like he is asleep or at least lying down, on the red royal couch right now. He has taken his shoes off, so His Majesty will probably never notice.

...

Yes of course! With your explicit permission, no problem! One second!

(sound of paper rustling)

Prime Minister! Prime Minister! UK has declared war on Denmark!

(Note the timing: You cannot commence hostilities until 24 hours after the declaration of war has been delivered.)

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 14:47
493:

in ways too many to count, New York City is multiple cities within a tightly packed set of boundaries

Oh, I know. My wife and I did the end of summer 3 day weekend in 2018 there. Just for something different. Google says we walked 30 miles and rode the subway for 100. We hit up a wide variety of places in Manhattan and Brooklyn. From Saturday night burger shack in a crowded neighborhood in the west village then a free concert by some students jamming in Washington Square on Saturday night. To an amazingly deserted collection of streets east of Central Park on Sunday afternoon. We assumed from all the zombie apartment owners in the area of 5 to 10 story buildings. Or the rich folks just don't get out even in good weather.

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 14:55
494:

(Note the timing: You cannot commence hostilities until 24 hours after the declaration of war has been delivered.)

But but but, we have non changeable tickets on Ryan Air!!!!

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 12, 2024 15:30
495:

just my usual snark about how the 'wrong things' get funding by academia and governments and NGOs... wherein I get to be the sole determinator of what qualifies as 'wrong'

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 15:37
496:

heh...

the wiki articles ought be from the perspective of five years afterwards... calmer more thoughtful rather than panicking 'n pissing oneself as would any lackey having to explain why they'd delayed the British from declaring war... wikie pages more of a historical record rather than journalistic 'first draft of history'

what you've laid out reads like something from a personal memoir or (possibly) testimony in front of a parliamentary committee seeking a sufficient variety of slow moving scapegoats to protect themselves from being sacrificed themselves

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 15:40
497:

hah...

depending upon when in summer, most likely the 1%ers (and those loftier 0.1%ers) were out of town... various beaches... Hamptons being the cliche...

 amckinstry replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 15:55
498:

And well I remember the autosave fiasco.

In Word 6 they synchronized Word on Windows and MacOS; until then they were different. I was doing my MSc thesis on a shared PC for grad students at the time. I religiously kept backups all along on Floppies as well as the hard drive on the PC. Then the inevitable happened; someone upgraded the PC losing my thesis. So I reverted to the floppies.

Empty. Each one of them. It turns out that when you had a copy on HD, Word would use it, create an empty but present file on the floppy, but do all saving/opening to the HD copy only.

So I had 30 blank copies of my thesis, nearly 90% done.

It turned out later that MS knew of the bug at release time (and about 30+ others) but wanted to simultaneously release so they ignored it.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 15:59
499:

»the wiki articles ought be from the perspective of five years afterwards.«

Better idea: As a disjoint collection of russian wiretaps.

 JReynolds replied to this comment from amckinstry | June 12, 2024 17:08
500:

That was a nightmare of mine while writing my thesis. I kept paper copies of my chapters as I wrote them just to be 100% sure.

Hope you were able to get your work back.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 17:52
501:

I know fine what kind of town it is :) One of the lasses who used to hang around outside the barracks during WW1 to meet the soldiers was my gran, and one of the soldiers was my grandad, so all my ancestors and relatives on that side come from round there (and it's still full of 'em) (for which reason I reckon I must surely have some Scottish ancestry via the border reivers, even if nobody admits it). As it happens, I don't actually like the place - not for any reason to do with family history, it's an entirely and exclusively personal-idiosyncratic feeling - so most of what I know about it has come through my interest in railways (and history in general); it must be 40 years since I've last been there in person (outside the station, that is), and I haven't spent anything like as much time nerding over its development over the last 2-3 centuries as I have with Worcester, but I don't think that matters too much for the purposes of this discussion.

In respect of contextually-relevant parameters like size, age, historicity, layout, and so on, of the town itself, it's really quite similar to Worcester - the thing that most strikes me as different is, maybe somewhat oddly, that the cheap-arsed Victorian architecture tends to be rather less crumbly. I think the most important difference (again, for this discussion) between the two is on a rather wider geographical scale.

Carlisle's importance is basically that of an oasis in the middle of a desert; it may be a bit light on the aridity and camels, but functionally that's what it more or less is. The town itself is in a spot where the concentration of hydrological erosion/deposition processes has produced an area of relative clemency. For a pretty huge distance all around the land is bleak, forbidding, empty, distinctly sparsely populated, agriculturally poor (best suited for use with ruminants as first-stage nutritional enhancement processors, not so hot for direct production), difficult to travel over and likely to expose travellers to life-threatening environmental stresses. You have to go a considerable distance before you reach the densely-populated central belt of Scotland in one direction, and about the same to reach similarly hospitable regions of England in the other. But since we're talking about one of the rather few reasonable routes between the capital regions of two adjacent nations with a history of intense political interaction, a perversely large number of people have long been motivated to travel that way.

So for centuries Carlisle has been an important staging point where travellers between Scotland and England can rest and recharge. When your transport is based around legs oscillated by muscles, unless you've been bloody lucky with the weather you more or less have to pause at that point to refill the stores and recuperate from the insults. This, of course, all changed rather quickly and dramatically when the railways arrived; but at that time the same basic geographical factors were interacting with other developments closely related to the railways to make Carlisle an important traffic concentration point. In particular, the adjacent north-west coastal area of Cumbria was a major source of iron ore, coal, and the metallic iron you can make from those two; a bit further the other way is the Newcastle area which was another such major source; and the physical-chemical exigencies of iron and steel manufacture called for a lot of blending of different ores to get the right chemistry for the process. And perpendicularly to that we have the Scottish and more-southerly English coal and iron regions also participating in the same game of swapsies. So in addition to all the other traffic between Scotland and England over that route, there's a crapload of stuff from labour-intensive heavy extractive industries moving around, all by means of similarly labour-intensive steam railway transport. (Servicing the transport aspects of this kind of stuff is still functionally "oasis activity", the same basic conditions giving rise to the same kind of requirements, only based around feeding bunkers and boilers and fireboxes instead of stomachs.)

And so it goes (eliding evolutionary drift) until the fucking Tories could no longer handle the people who actually made all this industry function having the temerity to want decent pay and conditions while they were doing it, so bang goes the whole bloody lot. Meanwhile developments in transport technology had been enabling vehicles to go for longer and longer distances between oases. And with larger and larger homogeneous loads, so it had ceased to be logistically advantageous to be able to bring mixed loads together mid-journey and reshuffle the mixes by destination. (Another need which had ceased to exist was the provision of more-or-less similar functions in the area to support intensive military activity, though it's kind of hard to cast "we no longer need to be able to go and kill people so much" as a complaint.)

So all of a sudden, really, the major point of Carlisle's existence for as long as anyone can remember had kind of vanished. All it really had now was the rather self-referential justification of needing to continue existing because it already did exist. To be sure there is some hyperbole in my saying this, but not really all that much. And it has to be said that the justification for the existence of Worcester has also come to include a certain degree of self-referentiality, although for reasons whose detail is very different, and to a much lesser extent since it's in a much more hospitable wider region and has never been in any remotely similar condition of existing "as an island unto itself", as it were.

But the thing is that throughout all this, the situation regarding shopping facilities in the town centre HAS FOLLOWED VERY MUCH THE SAME pattern MORE OR LESS EVERYWHERE. The story of the profusion and variety of comprehensively useful shops in the town being eviscerated by breadheads and replaced by endless indistinguishable duplicates all selling basically the same distinctly limited range of functionally identical cruddy plastic tat from China, so that many of them end up spending much of the time boarded up entirely, is one that pretty much every town can tell in its own local variation - and it's one that already groans towards its depressing heat-death endpoint before the internet, again in very much the same way everywhere. Similarly the growth of the fungoid fringe of big barns selling a slightly less limited range of slightly less cruddy items, and being fucking useless anyway unless you use a car, is very similar everywhere and was also irretrievably embedded before the internet.

And all the shops closing before 6pm has been basically universal since before anyone currently alive was born, and it still is; although the handful of capital-scale towns like Edinburgh contain enough exceptions to make them noticeable, there are so few towns of that size that they aren't representative of anything except each other. When "Randomston, once prosperous, now dying" was still in its "prosperous" period, you would ABSOLUTELY expect to find the town centre deserted at 6pm because everywhere was like that... and because of the licensing hours that were the not-quite-universal norm in those days, the pubs mostly wouldn't be open yet. (At least in England; I don't know what the licensing hours were like then in Scotland.) A town that is still heaving at 6pm isn't so much heaving with prosperity as heaving like a corpse full of maggots: people who haven't spent all day at work don't need to go home as soon as they are allowed to, and relax thankfully, and have their dinner, and go to bed in time to get up for work the next day; they don't need to be primarily winding down and recharging for tomorrow, instead they can wander around the town centre because it's less boring than sitting at home, and they're not so skint that they can't spare anything for a drink (since these days the pubs are open that early, and the benefit system isn't quite that savage). (And if the place nevertheless is deserted I reckon it's more likely due to factors like people who live in the town preferring to drink in their local boozer rather than a town centre one, with the town centre pubs being preferred by people who live around the town but no longer dare to drive and there's no public transport to get home; pubs being shit these days because you can't smoke any more and it's too cold to stand around outside all the time; and pubs going bust because the landlord can't stand being skinned raw by the breweries any more.)

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 12, 2024 18:13
502:

"SEE ALSO pigeon @ 456, yes?"

Er, have you got the wrong citation? The first section of that is me having a rant about what are basically bureaucratic bollocks methods being used to evade criticism for resource starvation instead of simply being honest and openly blaming the shittiness on the politicians imposing the starvation; the second section is me having a rant about a deficient regulatory regime in a country where both public and private medicine coexist, that allows the private side to set themselves up as irresponsible money grabbers who can dump the problem on the NHS and walk away if something goes wrong, which is both abusive of the patient concerned, and exacerbates the difficulties that the NHS already has which motivated the patient to use the private place to begin with. In both sections the root of my criticism is based in the underfunding of the NHS, and although the quoted text to which I was responding originated from a US publication I wasn't saying anything at all about the US medical system, so I don't see how it supports your point.

(FWIW while I did say in a different post that I basically tend to agree with your sentiments about the US's lack of public medicine, I also reckon the "third world shithole" sentiment applies pretty well to the UK as well, in the sense that the Tories are doing their best to make it into one and the results are already literally true if you look at eg. the state of our sewage treatment.)

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 12, 2024 18:15
503:

My old doctor in Chicago had a bunch of things in frames on the wall: letters from medical schools thanking him for being so involved in training med students.

Then there was the ophthalmologist who did my first cataract surgery (let eye). I was waiting for her and looking around. She came in, and I commented on the plaque proclaiming her to have been the President of the county medical society the year before.

Both being the kind of credentials that give me warm fuzzies.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 18:24
504:

Wrong. It is not from lawsuits. Let's see: game #1: make some of the people "consultants", not employees. Oh, gee, sure, your insurance covered the sugeon, but the anaesthesiologist is a contractor, and out of plan.

Or then there was the practice I'd been going to since '09, that I left when I retired and could get on K-P. The last couple of years, I was literally this close (holds fingers 1cm apart) from calling the county DA and accusing them of unbundling (go look that one up). "Oh, yes, you were in for your annual physical, but you doctor found something new, so we're going to charge you for a "second encounter"". Really.

I can go on. And on. Both personal, and from people I know.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 12, 2024 18:29
505:

most of what I know about it has come through my interest in railways (and history in general); it must be 40 years since I've last been there in person

Then you're not qualified to comment.

I emphasize: it's not just the shops that are shut by 6pm (although that's not true everywhere: here in Edinburgh, or in central London, plenty are open later), it's the restaurants, pubs, and fast food takeaways. There's nobody there. The place is dead. Until you walk half a mile away into the residential streets and find locals sitting on walls drinking Strongbow out of a two litre bottle in a paper bag to pass the time because there's nothing else to do and getting blitzed every night on cider is cheaper than paying for a Sky Sports subscription.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 18:32
506:

Part of the problem is ultrawealthy buying condos as part of money laundering. And folks in rent-controlled apartments AIN'T going to move, because they couldn't afford to live anywhere they wanted on what they have. They'd be out in Bumfuck, OH, and require a car to shop.

Then, of course, there's urban renewal. Ever been to Austin, TX? I lived there '86-9 4. The commuter buses did. not. go. downtown on weekends. Except for the clubs on 6th St, the entire downtown shut down after work. There's no housing, or anything else, only offices and stores catering to the offices and office workers.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 12, 2024 18:36
507:

Um, wrong. My late nephew's widow spent about that, eventually getting a hysterectomy. She spent more than half a day in the ER.

 whitroth replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 12, 2024 18:42
508:

Trust the nurse.

In the mid-eighties, I worked at the NBME (they give the Boards that most doctors in the US take to get certified, and the federally-mandated tests for foreign medical graduates). I was on the team that was first computerizing them. When we got to the point that the doctors could start running simulations, there was one I heard about. (Think of this as a text adventure game called "doctor"). A young woman comes in with a small kid. Says he'd fallen and hit his head on a radiator, and was non-responsive. All doctors running this simulation did the right thing, and brought the kid around in about 20 min. ON THE OTHER HAND, 60+% of the nurses did the same... AND checked the records, found the woman had brought the kid in before for simeilar conditions in the previous six months, and called Child Protection.

Trust that nurse who gives a shit.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 18:48
509:

Depends on the hospital. Might take longer in, say, downtown Philly at Jeff... although one thing that came in during the later seventies in the US is the triage dept in ER.

Urgent care... which can also take hours, depending on the size of the population served. I went into the K-P one over a month ago. They wound up keeping me overnight. And doing an ultrasound around 23:00. And in the morning, around 09:30, an MRI. Gall bladder surgery (coming soon) is outpatient.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 18:53
510:

I think I'm in.

Mr. President, we have an urgent call from the UK Prime Minister.
Ok, put him on.
You're WHAT? Going to declare war on Denmark? What..why...so you can rejoin the EU? But this plan... there's a movie I should watch?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 18:54
511:

I believe there are similar display-your-qualifications-or-else requirements for many but not all other professions

Given the capabilities of modern printers, probably an outdated regulation. Anyone determined to fake it can easily make a certificate, and most people wouldn't be able to tell the difference even if they examined it closely.

I'm not certain what a solution to misrepresentation might look like, except to say that I'm pretty certain the word blockchain doesn't need to be part of it.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 18:55
512:

Happening all around. For one, jobs. For another, huge corporations. The one that instantly came to mind was a news story in the mid-nineties, somewhere out west (US) a Walmart moved in outside town. Within a year or two, every single business in the town, with the exception of the pharmacy, had been driven out of business.

Five years later, Walmart decided that that store wasn't making enough money, shut it down, and told the town they could drive 30 mi to the next Walmart.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 18:58
513:

Maternity deaths: that's not the case. Heavily, black women suffer more maternity deaths than white, even, according to a report from the other day, when income levels are accounted for.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 19:00
514:

Must have not been anywhere in a big city's downtown. If it had been, the bus driver would have laughed, and pointed to the traffic jam around them.

 Robert Prior | June 12, 2024 19:08
515:

For rejoining the EU, wouldn't it be simpler for Scotland to declare independence and join on its own, then send in the clans and conquer England? Or at least, the bits of England that would be happy to be conquered if it meant being in the EU again.

If you want to use Denmark, find a way to work the Danelaw into it. Maybe something about recovering an ancestral homeland to lend it legitimacy? (It's worked for other groups, so worth a shot, eh?)

 paws4thot | June 12, 2024 19:26
516:

508 - Trust that nurse who gives a shit.
Absolutely; see 462 upthread for a relevant personal account.

515 - According to Ingurlundshire, Scotland can't declare independence from Ingurlundshire without first winning a referendum that can't be held without permission from Ingurlundshire which will not be forthcoming.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 12, 2024 19:56
517:

Howard NYC @ 477:

so... you do UK whimpering and I'll do Denmark's bemusement... who does the US rage soaked content?

Me! I volunteer as Tribute!

 JohnS replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 12, 2024 20:03
518:

Tim H. @ 483:

Presupposing the local hospital hasn't closed their emergency department due to economic contraction or posturing right wingnuts in State governments.

Martin General Hospital, Williamston, NC

 Retiring replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 12, 2024 20:17
519:

But if UK is /really/ motivated, it can rejoin EU in a few hours any time it wants: Declares war on Denmark, fire a single shot to land indisputably within 12 miles of the Danish coast and surrender without conditions.

Of course, another possibility has been broached. Not sure we could stomach the royals, though. Even as part of the Greater Kardashian Family.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 12, 2024 20:22
520:

Robert Prior @ 511:

"I believe there are similar display-your-qualifications-or-else requirements for many but not all other professions"

Given the capabilities of modern printers, probably an outdated regulation. Anyone determined to fake it can easily make a certificate, and most people wouldn't be able to tell the difference even if they examined it closely.

Not THAT easy. I have a certificate from one of the schools I attended while I was in the Army. Would make a nice addition to my "I Love Me" wall ... BUT!

The adhesive flap on the brown paper envelope the Army mailed it to me in got stuck to the face of the certificate and can't be removed without destroying the certificate. (At least I haven't been able to remove it.)

And for all of my photographic abilities & Photoshop skilz, I have not been able to duplicate the certificate.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 12, 2024 20:51
521:

It gives the pharmaceutical society inspectors an easy-to-look-up license number (there's a central register maintained at national level), and they can check the pharmacist's driving license or other ID to confirm it's the right person.

Faking it is an imprisonable offense and you run a high probability of being found out and prosecuted if you keep it up for any length of time.

The certificate itself? Design changes over time: I have one and it's nothing like the ones they issue this century -- even the licensing body's name has changed.

(NB: my license expired a third of a century ago when I stopped paying my dues. Doubt it can be reactivated non-trivially without extensive retraining requirements.)

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 12, 2024 20:56
522:

wouldn't it be simpler for Scotland to declare independence and join on its own, then send in the clans and conquer England?

The clans you're thinking of mostly don't exist outside history books. The highland clans were brutally suppressed in the first half of the 18th century -- wearing a tartan was illegal until the early 19th century -- following a couple of unfortunate wars. And then the highland clearances ensued, most of them were kicked off the land and ended up overseas, and the result is grouse moors.

Today 80% of the population of Scotland are in the lowlands and the largest ethnic minority (at 10-12% of the population) is "white, other British".

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Retiring | June 12, 2024 21:03
523:

This is your regular scheduled reminder that if that happened the UK would, based on population, be the 51st through 60th states if it joined the USA, or at minimum four states (and England would be the most populous in the US by a very long way indeed -- even Scotland and Wales wouldn't be on the trailing edge). Also, the former British states would all return, by US standards, far left Senators and mainly left-wing Congresspersons, so much so that it'd skew the electoral system decisively against the Republicans for at least a generation.

So no, the realistic prospects of the UK merging with the USA are approximately zero because the US ruling elite would take one look at the UK and scream then run away, very fast.

 whitroth replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 12, 2024 21:27
524:

Oh, but surely they can hold a non-binding one...

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 12, 2024 21:29
525:

Gee, if I were the city, I'd use eminent domain to own the facility, and reopen it CITY=OWNED.

Except, I know, that's socialist.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 12, 2024 21:32
526:

Have you tried steaming it?

 JohnS | June 12, 2024 22:34
527:

An interesting take (I found it interesting) on how refrigeration changed the flavors of what we eat.

How the Fridge Changed Flavor [The New Yorker magazine]

Link via Archive.Today

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 22:42
528:

Charlie Stross @ 523:

This is your regular scheduled reminder that if that happened the UK would, based on population, be the 51st through 60th states if it joined the USA, or at minimum four states (and England would be the most populous in the US by a very long way indeed -- even Scotland and Wales wouldn't be on the trailing edge). Also, the former British states would all return, by US standards, far left Senators and mainly left-wing Congresspersons, so much so that it'd skew the electoral system decisively against the Republicans for at least a generation.

So no, the realistic prospects of the UK merging with the USA are approximately zero because the US ruling elite would take one look at the UK and scream then run away, very fast.

It ain't gonna' happen, but if it was proposed I think it would benefit the U.S. more than it would benefit the U.K. ... and that's why I think opposition from the U.K. would be a far greater obstacle than opposition from U.S. politicians.

 Mr. Tim replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 12, 2024 23:18
529:

This is your regular scheduled reminder that if that happened the UK would, based on population, be the 51st through 60th states if it joined the USA,

Assuming they were allowed to become states. More likely they would just become US territories. Ya' know, taxation without representation territories. :(

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 12, 2024 23:32
530:

David L @ 454:

"Every other supposedly-developed country has Universal Health Care ... the USA does not, for about 2-3 times the cost & worse outcomes, OK?"

Again. Your mind is made up. And evidenced and details be damned. I'll stick to experiences of people who have spent decades in both systems. Plus those in a few other countries.

I'll not disagree that for the majority of people the UK system is better. At this point in time. And has a chance just now to fix some of the real issues.

Or that the US system isn't nearly as fair due to funding models with ancestry in the price control laws of WWII and other things.

This is kind of hard for me to write, because I don't want my anger to overwhelm saying what I need to say.

The quality of medical care in the U.S. is the best in the world. But the availability - the distribution - of that care for everyone is probably the worst.

The problem with emergency room over-crowding is a direct effect of the for profit private equity banksters taking over the entirety of the national economy, including the health insurance industry and public hospitals. Most hospitals in the U.S. used to be operated by local governments with taxpayers providing the funding. But sometime during the Reagan administration's privatization via leveraged buyout scheme. They were acquired AT TAXPAYER EXPENSE by Wall Street's hedge fund robber barons.

One downside was the health insurance went from "non-profit" to "for profit" and many people became uninsured because of sky rocketing costs. And once you're no longer covered by ONE insurance policy (laid off from your job and didn't have the money to continue your insurance under COBRA) any previous medical needs became a "pre-existing condition" for which you could no longer get insurance coverage for love nor money.1

You also lost your "family doctor" because you were no longer covered by the insurance company's HMO and the HMO doctors did not see outside patients; leaving only the Emergency Room at the local hospital for routine medical needs. But emergency rooms are NOT a profit center, so they have to be shut down.2

Hospital consolidation is a problem. Smaller hospitals outside of the major metro areas are being bought by private equity and closed down.

For profit private equity health care is anathema and an abomination!

The U.S. should have a National Health System based on what the U.K. had pre-Thatcherism ... but it seems more likely y'all are gonna get a Private Equity takeover à la "Reaganomics" instead.

1 I had an individual Blue Cross/Blue Shield policy I had maintained since my days in college becuse most of my employers after I dropped out did not provide ANY benefits. That policy was suspended by BC/BS when I was mobilized for Desert Storm and when I returned to civilian life BC/BS would not resume coverage without imposing extortionate premium increases and invoking "pre-existing conditions" for any health problems I had prior to mobilization.

2 I even have a problem with this at the VA. I have a primary care doctor, but if I have any kind of acute care need (like a twisted leg from a fall or a worrisome fever, there is no way to get seen by that doctor. The first available appointment is a month or more away. They do have a deal with one of the local "Urgent Care" facilities so I don't have to drive all the way over to the hospital in Durham ... unless I get sick on a weekend or Federal Holiday.

 Moz replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 12, 2024 23:35
531:

Yep, that seems likely to me too. If they're lucky they'd become a recognised territory and people from there would be non-voting US taxpayers with the right to move to the US proper, like Puerto Ricans. The rich ones and white ones would fit right in, and the UK types most inclined to want this are rich and/or white so that's a win.

But IMO more likely they'd become "American Britain" and their passports would have the American Samoa style "NOT a US Citizen" in them in big (friendly) letters. But at least they'd be allowed to serve in the US military with special status - unlike people from outside the US who do that, they can't earn citizenship by serving.

The third option is to become tribal lands. But per the rich, white stuff, this would be extremely unappealing even though it's likely the most beneficial option. "we're not a tribe" wank wank... STFU and sign a proper treaty agreeing to be administered by the US with full citizenship with rights and obligations thereof, but also with significant independence and importantly US police offers can't run round looting and killing in tribal lands (well technically they're not supposed to, and in practice they'd find it much harder to physically get to the tribal lands of the Engs and Celts than the Inuit and Iroquois)

As OGH says, this would only work if they didn't get voting rights or representatives. Can't have US politics tainted by the communist and socialist propensities of the British peasantry.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from JohnS | June 12, 2024 23:48
532:

It ain't gonna' happen, but if it was proposed I think it would benefit the U.S. more than it would benefit the U.K. ... and that's why I think opposition from the U.K. would be a far greater obstacle than opposition from U.S. politicians.

Here’s a different take. Echoing Mr. Tim, I’d modestly suggest that England be offered the status of an American Commonwealth, like the Mariana Islands, with the option to petition for full statehood someday.

Advantages to England include having someone else to blame for political screwups, being able to offshore Fleet Street to New York, and having a massive influx of US military spending. Also, following the lead of the Hawaiian Royal Family and nobility, the English Gentry and the Windsors could retire to simply being billionaires and cultural influencers, while dropping all that tedious diplomatic tosh. Or Buckingham Palace and Westminster could follow the example of the Vatican as the seat of the Church of England. Whatever.

Advantages for the US include having a large new population of workers who already speak some form of English, all relegated to second class non-voting status, two land borders with the UK (Scotland and Wales), a built-in migrant problem for endless demagoguery. And acquiring England as another US “Atlantic aircraft carrier” for our Navy might even be cheaper than building another Ford-class aircraft carrier ($15.8 billion)x

It’s a modest suggestion….

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 13, 2024 00:00
533:

tee hee

those are footnoted sourcing... "raw feed"... grist for the mill as it were

but yeah you're getting into the wacky funtime aspect of this mockumentary

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 00:30
534:

being able to offshore Fleet Street to New York

I thought Our Rupert and His Fiendish Minions already ran all the important media in both countries?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 13, 2024 00:37
535:

if it's any man but T(he)Rump, the briefing would require at least three hours and a dozen trembling subject-matter experts each being forced to voice an explicit opinion to which they would be held accountable (hence their sweat soaked shirts, and in one case, a yellowish puddle under his chair)

treaties; laws; policies; impact upon trade; flux of ratios between Euro-Dollar-Pound-Gold; location of aircraft carriers (allied and enemy); the boring details of actually running a major nation and overseeing its economic stability as well deciding military responses...

no immediate decisions but POTUS would now have enough background to actually think about it... and when next the shitstorm brews up, he'll order that special topic team to appear ("Nerds! Assemble!")... with White House staff knowing which chair to position atop a tarp and high absorbent towels...

...whereas if the Gloriously Orange One regains the White House, then it would be halfhearted briefings by young women selected for their measurements and close approximation to Ivanka Trump's facial features... each of whom would be issued sock puppets and hold deep-fried chicken in their hands wave around to entice a semi-senile overlord into paying attention

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 13, 2024 00:56
536:

for me, it was just one more instance of how America is (uhm) melting

what caught my eye was mentioning of the effect upon law enforcement of having realtime intel from inside the bus...

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 13, 2024 01:08
537:

only for the first 150-ish years

then they could dump Lipton Ice Tea as a protest against lousy mass produced crud into London Harbor

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from whitroth | June 13, 2024 01:36
538:

Yeah, I could have been more clear.

In my experience, after they bring you into the ER from the waiting room (0-8 hours), there is generally 2-3 hours before the first doctor comes around. They order tests and scans which take another 2-3 hours to be completed. 2-3 hours for the scans to be read by specialists. 2-3 more hours for the doctor to read those results and come back to discuss the care plan. 1-2 hours for paperwork to be filed and a room prepared.

In my experience, 12 hours to admission is almost the bare minimum I would expect. Arriving by ambulance seems to decrease some of these times though.

 Moz | June 13, 2024 03:00
539:

Speaking of important stories, former Liberal (Reagan-style liberal) treasurer Peter Costello has stepped down as chair of Nine News after shoving a reporter from one of his boss's tabloid TV stations.

https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-09/nine-board-chairman-peter-costello-resigns/103957314

I revolving door has struck a deserving victim on the arse.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from JohnS | June 13, 2024 03:05
540:

"The adhesive flap on the brown paper envelope the Army mailed it to me in got stuck to the face of the certificate"

Have you tried steaming it off?

 Pigeon replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 13, 2024 04:30
541:

UDI.

England might not like it, but it can't stop even a despised African country making it stick eventually. And anyway they should have thought of that before deciding that a sub-firth of the Clyde was the best place to keep all the nukes.

Expanding the concept around other things England hasn't got:

Wales controls the water supply to two of England's top five biggest cities. And graffiti saying "Cofiwch Dryweryn" still appears.

Scotland and Wales have all the biggest mountains for putting wind turbines on top of.

If something crashes the National Grid, Wales has the biggest say over whether or not it gets started up again, and Scotland the next biggest.

Scotland has the oil field whose output England uses to sell overseas when they think they haven't got enough money.

Wales has a need to burn rather a lot of methane to mitigate climate change, because otherwise it will simply carry on farting out into the atmosphere, from the coal mines the English fucked up.

Scotland and Wales both have a record of successfully infiltrating their bloodlines onto the English throne; it didn't stick long term, but we know what went wrong and why so we know how to do better, and it's not that hard really - the important thing is for the current monarch to always be sure to teach the heirs not to be a dick.

I'm too tired to come up with any more at this time of night, but I'm sure there must still be quite a lot...

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 13, 2024 04:50
542:

According to Ingurlundshire, Scotland can't declare independence from Ingurlundshire without first winning a referendum that can't be held without permission from Ingurlundshire which will not be forthcoming.

Ah, but aren't we discussing a scenario where England 'invades' Denmark in such a way that they can surrender to an EU country, thus rejoining the EU?

Of course, the Scots have more grievances against the English to work off than the Danes do, so it might be safer to get conquered by the Danes.

 Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 05:36
543:

my contribution to pissing upon Microsoft's efforts to burn down privacy:

typing CoPilot as CrashPilot

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 13, 2024 05:40
544:

sounds like you-all have the same urge to dice 'n slice the political map as the 'blue state' vs 'red state' bullshit chatter about another civil war here in the US

difference being about a thousand more years of history

 Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 07:09
545:

FYI: vocabulary of realpolitik

grey-zone activities -- the use of asymmetric tactics; includes: structured propaganda, political warfare, maritime coercion, economic pressure, media spinning; focus remains upon achieving strategic goals without the overt use of military force;

when seeking to hurt an enemy's leadership, you can save the cost of cannon ammo in favor of spending significantly less upon distribution of hurtful rumors; best of all, near-impossible to back-trace the attacks;

 Greg Tingey | June 13, 2024 08:39
546:

Pigeon @ 502
I may, easily, have got replies mixed-up ...
As for 3rd-world shithole - yes, we are going that way, emulating the USA, but are not as far down that road, yet.
A change of government in 3 weeks time, might help enormously, as will, if not rejoining, getting A LOT CLOSER to the EU, probably via EFTA, etc ...

Scotland & "inglundshire"
Why don't you idiots Fuck off & shut up because of your ignorance?
The SNP appear to have blown it, completely - nowhere nearly as badly as the tories here, of course, but Scottish "independence" is dead, for the next 5 years, at least.
What's more, we are not 99% raving fascist nutters - the last 5 years of the tories have opened people's eyes, apart from the inevitable 5-20% who would rather follow Führage's fascist nostrums .. but they were always there, hiding in plain sight, same as there are a (smaller) number who "think" Corbyn's ideas were good - I know two of these, devoted left-wing Labour voters, working tirelessly to ensure a tory victory. { Ideological "purity" is more important than, you know, winning. }

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 09:29
547:

Q: what does Star Fleet do when they hear the USS Enterprise (NCC1701Z) pops a stitch and has a warp core breach?

Back in the MS-DOS days, I wondered what would happen if someone tried plugging in a 27th disk drive. Would it keep going through ASCII and call that drive [: or what? Would MS-DOS get confused before that happened?

Nobody I asked knew for sure. I still hope someone tried it, somewhere.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 13, 2024 10:51
548:

bizarre as it sounds, once PCs had hard drives (first HD designated "C"), "B" went unassigned though there'd be a floppy/mini disk drive designated "A"

so... if an app did mapping of drive letters to various subdirectories after "Z" was assigned then "B" was up

this being so far back in primitive times, cars had square wheels

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 13, 2024 11:03
549:

... the town centre is now heaving with people walking from one boozer to another for a similar period, but this is not "prosperity", it's just that people like to get pissed.

In my head I'm hearing this rant delivered in the same northern accent as the little girl angry about the price of ice cream. :-)

 Richard H replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 11:22
550:

"B" went unassigned though there'd be a floppy/mini disk drive designated "A"

so... if an app did mapping of drive letters to various subdirectories after "Z" was assigned then "B" was up

Not quite. B was an alias of A, to enable copying between floppies on a machine with only one floppy drive. At the DOS prompt you'd type

copy a: b:

(or whatever) and it would prompt you "insert destination disk", "insert source disk" repeatedly. You would insert alternate floppies in the single drive slot, as it read chunks from one floppy and wrote to the other. (and yes, IIRC it started with the destination, not the source.)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Richard H | June 13, 2024 11:42
551:

then we had differing versions of MSDOS

 Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 12:38
552:

FYI: Dyson spheres

QUOTE: a new study that looked at 5 million stars in the Milky Way galaxy suggests that seven candidates could potentially be hosting Dyson spheres

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/13/science/dyson-spheres-alien-life-evidence-scn/index.html

hmmm...

now imagine the possibilities (and need) for LARPing

 Richard H replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 13:11
553:

That feature was present in (at least) MS-DOS versions 3.1, 3.2, 3.21, 3.3, 3.3a, 4.0, 4.01, 5.0, 5.0a, 6.0, 6.2, 6.21, and 6.22 .

(Of course, if your hardware had two floppy drives, B would simply be the second one and the aliasing wouldn't happen.)

https://jeffpar.github.io/kbarchive/kb/037/Q37642/

 Mike Collins replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 13, 2024 13:13
554:

Greg. I agree with you about a Ingurladshire but also invoke pots kettles and blackness “Wee fishwife”. Both fit Heinlein’ criterion of funny once. Use once youre a wit twice you’re a half wit

 Mr. Tim | June 13, 2024 14:13
555:

What about:

Scotland gets its independence. Scotland gets accepted into the EU. England/UK re-unites with Scotland, but the government is in Scotland.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 14:33
556:

Drive letters predate MS-DOS -- DOS ripped them off from CP/M, which probably got them from something prehistoric by DEC.

If you had one floppy drive, it was A:. If you had two, you had A:, and B:. By convention only if you had a hard drive it got C:, and a second hard drive got D:. Dunno what happened if you had more than two floppy drives; back in the 70s and early 80s even 5.25" floppy drives were expensive (typically £250-350, or in today's money, on the order of £1000 each) and hard disks were eye-watering. (My first 10Mb hard disk, bought in 1987, was reduced on clear-out sale from £550 to £350 -- although that included the controller interface to couple it to an Amstrad PCW; a bare-bones drive was a bit cheaper.)

The aliasing of B: to A: was indeed a thing since way back when, because otherwise a single floppy machine couldn't copy files between disks.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 13, 2024 14:40
557:

Let me get this entirely clear: when you wrote "I head reason to visit Carlisle", exactly how much time do you mean you spent looking round the place? Did you actually visit Carlisle, or did you just go there for some reason (a business appointment? a need to change trains?), happen to find yourself with a spare hour or so around sixish when you didn't have to be sitting in someone's office or a taxi or a hotel or whatever, and decide to wander round the town centre for something to do?

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 13, 2024 15:07
558:

At one point I had a computer (I think it was Windows 1.0) with no hard drive and two floppy drives. They were labeled A: and B:

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 15:53
559:

I am, of course, following the pattern of PHK's "24-hour war with Denmark" idea, ie. pick some obscure point which is technically true but practically trivial, and then exaggerate the crap out of it for the purpose of amusement. (Only I'm using a scenario where I get to choose which side I'm on: the half of my ancestry that isn't from round Carlisle is from Wales, so it's 50/50 which side I "should" be on, and Wales is more fun.)

I'm also deliberately using really obscure things, so it's not to be wondered at if a native of New York doesn't get them; but there's a chance that some people on here might, and if you explain all the details of a joke it isn't funny any more.

So, to help you out, here's one bit unpicked, and people who did get it can stop reading now...

Tryweryn is a tiny Welsh village which was flooded in the creation of a reservoir for the purpose of flow control in the river Dee, which is where Liverpool gets its water from, and the least damaging means available to Liverpool of increasing the amount of water it could take before it started to fuck things up was to do some flow control stuff at the headwaters end. Of course everyone who lived in Tryweryn was furious, but we're literally only talking about a few houses, and most of them are dead now anyway. However, there is a dam, so as long as that exists there will be people who will see it and know that it destroyed a small village for the benefit of a big city, and that kind of thing actually is a valid point to complain about.

Far more people know about the English villages in the Lake District which were flooded to create reservoirs which directly supply water for the English city of Manchester, and there are also Welsh villages which were flooded to create direct supply reservoirs for Welsh cities, but with Tryweryn there is a national boundary involved, so the point is a valid candidate for use in the form of amusement being perpetrated here.

There was also a Welsh village destroyed to create direct supply reservoirs for the English city of Birmingham, but the thing about that scheme which is still vaguely sort of famous is that the first dam they built was a trial construction to get some hard data on what kind of difficulties they were likely to encounter, and once they'd got that, it became totally useless for anything... except for one final experiment during WW2 to demonstrate the effectiveness of the hydrostatic containment principle which Upkeep relied on. The bouncing bomb, The Dam Busters, 617 Squadron, famous raid, famous movie, der derrr der derderderderrr, etc. So we'll carefully not mention that one.

"Cofiwch Dryweryn" means "Remember Tryweryn". A lot of the graffiti actually says "Cofiwch Tryweryn", but in technical pedantic terms, that is wrong. And there are also people who get pissed off about the misspelling. To include this aspect demonstrates the level of niggliness involved.

I think that's quite enough of that, but the other things I came up with are of similar nature, so you ought to get where I'm coming from now. You very likely could find one person who genuinely would start a war over it, because you can always find a fanatic for any cause you care to name, but you'd have to search a bloody long time to find another one.

But as I understand it, with your coloured states thing, it's very easy to find people in significant numbers who really are keen on having a war, and some who have actually done something like firing a weapon. (Am I right?) So that is a completely different kind of matter.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 13, 2024 16:05
560:

Troutwaxer @ 540:

"The adhesive flap on the brown paper envelope the Army mailed it to me in got stuck to the face of the certificate"

Have you tried steaming it off?

Yes. Part of the stuck envelope flap did come off, but it destroyed the surface of the certificate underneath.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 13, 2024 16:08
561:

I'm pretty sure that well before you found yourself needing to hack MSDOS to support more drive letters, you would find yourself needing to hack MSDOS to have more memory available for control structures relating to the ISA bus. I think also that before that you would find yourself needing to hack the actual hardware to make it able to understand having that many things on the bus in the first place; and you would certainly have to hack the hardware of an ordinary PC simply to handle that much of a load on the bus lines, otherwise what went in at one end as a 1 or a 0 would come out at the other end as a thrplrrt and the whole machine would cease to function.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 16:09
562:

RE: Dyson swarm

https://www.antipope.org/charlie/blog-static/2024/05/on-mistaking-a-transient-state.html #705

From May 17, 2024, almost a month ago.

The sad thing about this notionally SFF site is that this is the second time someone has flagged the finding of up to seven candidates for Dyson swarms in the galaxy nearby, and no one gave enough of a flying fuck to even comment. Did anyone even notice it? Notice the May 6th original report?

Utterly pathetic.

I'm not terribly concerned about alien invasion Absent some really fast FTL, even if they can get here, it will take them millennia.

What I am worried about are two things.

One is Musk and other loathsome offspring of civilization setting their sights on creating a Dyson swarm in our system, following their normal cancer logic of unconstrained growth. If it's possible, some knucklehead is going to try to launch it, regardless of what it does to our planet.

The other is that I'd expect science fiction fans to be all over this. But it's freaking crickets from you lot. What gives? This is the closest we've come to date on finding alien civilizations. Worse for you, it's not an accidental discovery. This is from a program that's deliberately looking for Dyson swarms and spheres, and this is their first release of results from an ongoing program. Where's the discussion?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 16:13
563:

Howard NYC @ 548:

bizarre as it sounds, once PCs had hard drives (first HD designated "C"), "B" went unassigned though there'd be a floppy/mini disk drive designated "A"

so... if an app did mapping of drive letters to various subdirectories after "Z" was assigned then "B" was up

this being so far back in primitive times, cars had square wheels

Drive letter 'B:' wasn't unassigned, it was reserved for the second floppy drive in a dual-floppy system.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 13, 2024 16:17
564:

At one point I had a computer (I think it was Windows 1.0) with no hard drive and two floppy drives. They were labeled A: and B:

I just threw out one of those last Saturday. Two 5.25" floppy drives, A and B. IBM PC, stuck in the basement of a house I'm cleaning out for a decade or three. Since it was missing a monitor and I have no idea if any of the disks survived, it went out as eWaste. Weighed easily 10 kg. You can buy a working one for a few hundred on eBay.

Also found a Casio FX702P. ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Casio_FX-702P ). I'm tempted to stick a couple of batteries in it to see if it still works.

 JohnS | June 13, 2024 16:22
565:

PS: I'd forgotten that second floppy drive could be a virtual drive ...

 Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 16:27
566:

Back to Microsoft's suicidal behavior.

https://www.propublica.org/article/microsoft-solarwinds-golden-saml-data-breach-russian-hackers?

According to the article, a security expert at MS in 2016 or so found the flaw that led to the massive SolarWinds hack of US government databases in 2021. MS refused to patch the flaw, because they thought that acknowledging the problem would have jeopardized their effort to sell the US government on MS cloud services.

Interesting article. ProPublica specializes in investigative journalism.

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 13, 2024 16:33
567:

I'm pretty sure that well before you found yourself needing to hack MSDOS to support more drive letters, you would find yourself needing to hack MSDOS to have more memory available for control structures relating to the ISA bus...

I suspect so too - but nobody seems to know where, exactly, DOS gets confused and stops working. I'm pretty sure I've seen K: a few times and that's doing very well, considering.

One thing this question did get me, many years ago, was a third-party utility called Drive Letter Assigner, which did just what it said on the tin. I might still have a copy, in an archive somewhere. This might seem like an odd thing for Microsoft to have never addressed, but there's no money in giving people the power to do that and drive letters are almost never important anyway.

 Retiring replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 16:40
568:

So many cries for help!

And yet -- MSFT is up over 4% the past 5 days, over 19% year-to-date. Blame the market bubble.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 17:08
569:

RE: Dyson swarm in the Sol system

Of course, if Scalzi is right, the simplest way to make a benign Dyson swarm in the Sol system is to let the Yogurt take over. Each orbital would be a combination solar-powered yogurt factory and think tank. https://whatever.scalzi.com/2010/10/02/when-the-yogurt-took-over-a-short-story/

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 17:10
570:

I have a Casio FX-702P! (With the original manuals and case, even: had it from new.)

A tip: check to see if it has the whopping great 3Kb RAM expansion pack installed? (Under the back cover where the CR2032 batteries go.) Also see if it has the cassette interface and/or thermal printer.

Mine powered up and worked last time I replaced the batteries, a couple of years ago, so there's hope.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 17:38
571:

The possible Dyson swarms will be more interesting when we have better pictures. That a civilization avoided the embarrassing fate of becoming a "Dead World of Antiquity" before beginning to develop off-planet resources would be a big deal.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 13, 2024 18:07
572:

Have you considered asking for a replacement?

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 18:09
573:

Invasion? Why on (or off) Earth would they want to invade us? They've got a Dyson sphere, immensely more energy and lebensraum than this pokey little planet can offer.

Even with FTL, interstellar wars and invasions are absurd.

 Greg Tingey | June 13, 2024 18:17
574:

Mike Collins
I was quite aware of the problems, when I wrote that, but ....
Assuming the WHOLE of England is composed of moronic football hooligans, as "inglundshire" does is simply-really-asking-for a response in exact kind.
Some time in the mid-1980's I was trapped on a tube train with lots of people wearing strange ( I know who those shits are, now ) Green-&-White striped shirts, chanting "We love the IRA, ha, ha" - this collection of moronic cunts were ALL Scottish & either they did not know, or did not care that THIS had happened a few years previously
So, by that exact same "logic" all Scots' Nats are accessories after the fact to murder.
Which is plainly not true, but - IF people will go on about "inglundshire" they are going to get a repeat/rehash of the above from me, for obvious reasons.
AND, more importantly, the Brexit vote was, even after all the lying, very narrow & (IMHO) the eligible electorate was rigged in "leave's" favour.

H @ 562
Never mind Dyson Spheres or swarms ...
Even "simply" finding ACTUAL LIFE would be a good start!

 Kardashev | June 13, 2024 18:31
575:

I confess that, for a long time and a bit even now, the notion of emergence moved the needle on my woo-meter more than a bit. But in many places it does seem to happen, sometimes very significantly. So I continue to be interested in discussions of it and mechanisms that might give rise to it:

https://www.quantamagazine.org/the-new-math-of-how-large-scale-order-emerges-20240610/

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 18:42
576:

Also found a Casio FX702P

If you don't want to keep it, I'd be interested in buying it. Back in they day, I enjoyed doing graphics on the narrow little display, remember a making a submarine moving along and shooting a torpedo.

Probably I still have that one, but in a storage unit quite a way from here.

 Mike Collins | June 13, 2024 19:01
577:

Doubt already cast on the Dyson spheres.

https://youtu.be/i1e5f4ImS9A?si=1AHaCCS2hy_sVCYm

 Bo Lindbergh replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 19:22
578:

A guy I knew in high school ca. 1983 had an FX-702P and wrote a patient tracking application for his father's dental clinic on it. Yes, we called him a madman.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 19:24
579:

Where's the discussion?

Perhaps more an observation than a discussion, but one notes that the seven candidates arise from examining 5e6 stars. Our galaxy contains, as usually estimated, 10e10 stars, 20,000 times as many. So about 100,000 candidates in the galaxy.

As has been pointed out, construction of a Dyson sphere is a matter for a (ahem) Kardashev 2+ civilization, which could easily produce sublight fly-by interstellar probes. If such probes found something interesting enough, means of inserting vehicles into circumstellar orbit could probably be found, though it might take some time. But the time scale is probably 1e10 years.

So, to echo Fermi, "Where are they?"

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 19:37
580:

One is Musk and other loathsome offspring of civilization setting their sights on creating a Dyson swarm in our system, following their normal cancer logic of unconstrained growth. If it's possible, some knucklehead is going to try to launch it, regardless of what it does to our planet.

Well, if Dyson swarms turn out to be common (even for galaxy-scale definition of "common"), that would be a pretty strong indication that "Musk and other loathsome offspring" are onto something. Hard to argue with success.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 13, 2024 19:41
581:

...but you didn't happen to be wearing anything orange, so you survived.

They're not "Scots Nats", they're Celtic fans. Their antiparticles are Rangers fans, and they're just as bad. The stupidity of the whole thing fills me with the urge to defecate.

I don't know what you call people who are actually interested in the footballing skills of either Rangers or Celtic.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 19:56
582:

I always ignore announcements like that as a matter of course, because they always turn out to be bollocks. Like that time everyone started jumping up and down about neutrinos being observed travelling faster than c, and it was going to overturn physics and give us proper interstellar spaceships and goodness knows what. Month or two later out comes this embarrassed-sounding "sorry guys it was just a synchronisation error", which is all I'd ever thought it would be in the first place. They're just a high-end version of the Daily Mail saying that looking at budgerigars causes cancer, but for some reason nobody ever seems to realise it.

 peter w | June 13, 2024 20:22
583:

There are still people here in the old Orkney Jarldom who reckon that if we pony up those twenty thousand rhenish florins to the Scottish crown, we get to be Norwegian again. Dunno what The Norwegian crown would make of that at this point...

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 13, 2024 21:17
584:

=sigh=

it has finally happened to me... attempting to recall minutia of my youth and then arguing about with other old farts

I've become a mossback greybeard

 Thomas Jørgensen replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 13, 2024 21:23
585:

"on the swarms". If you can build dyson-swarm habitats (and that's what "in the liquid-water temperature range" implies) colonizing planets would be entirely pointless vandalism. You have... just all the living space at home.

The real question is "Just how infested with scientific instrumentation is planet earth/the sol system then?".

Here's a fun paranoid thought. Advancement means you get better at building very small things. And you can only put things under microscopes that aren't able to skedaddle / self destruct out from under a glass slide. That mote of dust in the sun-beam? Maybe it's watching you.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Thomas Jørgensen | June 13, 2024 21:33
586:

That mote of dust in the sun-beam? Maybe it's watching you.

Oh, yes, this the nanotech nirvana thing. We don't really know how brains work, but do know that things at least as small as ants can be pretty smart. If you understood how that works, how small could you make a human-level or higher intelligence? IDK

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 13, 2024 21:34
587:

the really, realllllly creepy thing in what you described in loving detail?

this blog, that thread about drive letters under MSDOS 3.0 is verging upon one of those "this is the (ant)hill I will die upon" style of arguments

right after reading your post I decided to step back and let others stake out their positions[1] and leave it to them

meanwhile... I'm trying to ignore whatever newest flavor of batshit gonzo crazy is spreading... T(he)Rump's recent speeches are ever less coherent but instead of rejecting 'em and therefore rejecting their Moldering Fearless Leader, they've shrugged off the obvious in order to gain for their cause more political power... and though I am not deep in grasping everything about PM Rishi Sunak, it is really baffling to watch a man so young exhibit symptoms of cognitive decay... shrugging off of WW2 remembrance, given the iron grasp upon Battle of Britain and London Blitz as associated with "our finest hour" basis of national pride... WTF was he thinking? is this due to cluelessness or is he another victim of Long Covid?

the more details I read about the Gaza-Israel War, the less it would seem to be progress towards stopping the killing... also as if the decisionmakers on all sides (there's more than the obvious two) are exhibiting a loss of effective use of subtle higher brain functions...

====

[1] in keeping with the "(ant)hill" theme of embittered minor issues

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 13, 2024 21:45
588:

partly it is the subtle shadings between "Dyson swarm" and "Dyson sphere"

my entry was quoting CNN which here in the US is mainstream, mass market media... yours is much more 'science professional' (is that phrase too grammar flawed?)

in all articles I could drill down to, the 'seven candidates' are far from being confirmed... more suspects on a lengthy list of oddities than "welcome to the headquarters of our galactic empire" overtness

always been hype over vagueness and gosh-that-is-weird... in both journalism and academic there being the dire need to author hasty crud and send it up the pipeline... wen updated version of "publish lots of content or getting a pinkslip"

 Mr. Tim | June 13, 2024 21:50
589:

About the drive letter thing:

Even Windows 11 is limited to A-Z for drive letters, I doubt MS-DOS is any different.

However, there was a question about adding the hardware. Little know fact is that (at least) early floppies could use two addressing modes. I forget what they were called, but one (that is usually used) used the 4 address lines on the floppy bus as device selects, meaning only one address line can be asserted at a time. BUT, there was support for using the address lines as an address, so you could have up to 15 drives connected (in theory) to a single controller. I have never seen this used.

Of course, the only way to use such a controller is via a custom device driver, so only MS-DOS 2.0 or later.

OTOH, you could write a RAM disk device driver and have it pretend to be 32 devices and see how MS-DOS reacts if you are REALLY curious.

About Dyson Swarms: It seems like Dyson Swarms (or Spheres) are never depicted favorably in Sci-Fi (except maybe for Banks). They usually are found by our intrepid crew as abandoned (Across a Billion Years) or in bad shape (Ringworld). Perhaps it has just left a bad taste.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 13, 2024 21:54
590:

"antique electronics" are indeed a thing and there's collectors as crazed as those seeking a complete run of "Amazing Spider-Man"[1] comics

I am resisting the urge to get dirty to the elbows in dredging up old-ish stuff... I am certain I've got an obsolete scientific calculator so antique it burns coal as power source rather than AA batteries

====

[1] only God can protect you if you leave out the hyphen when posting on certain sites

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 13, 2024 22:04
591:

zoo...?

boredom due to extended lifespans (not quite out-n-out immortality) and thus a need to expand their LARPing Disney-esque playgrounds...?

visiting various stars in order to gather samples and in the case of Earth grabbing a large number of ordinary folk not just for a zoo but as well to become involuntary NPCs in a LARP... board-of-play being a custom crafted continent so they can recreate Earth's bloodiest battles

never mind everyone being having a high status character, such as a millions subscribers all getting to be Captain Kirk inside a virtual Star Trek game... the aliens live out the lives of minor characters such as clerks in the Pentagon circa 1970s Cold Wars Era or frontline troops in 1950s Korea or the peasants abused by French suppression of 1960s Algeria independence

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 22:11
592:

The only way the war on Gaza will finally get to a cease fire is for Netanyahu to have something permanent happen to him.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 13, 2024 22:17
593:

Having personally dealt with vastly advanced aliens, the real problem for the writer is a) trying to imagine what their society would be like, and b) then trying to make that comprehensible to the reader.

If you've read my 11,000 Years, you've seen how I walked around the edges.

 Moz replied to this comment from whitroth | June 13, 2024 22:29
594:

Why would Netanyahu continue the war once Gaza is populated only by Israelis? He's not bombing any of the other settlements. But he is ... um... "encouraging arabs to leave Israel" is the agreed form?

 Greg Tingey | June 13, 2024 22:34
595:

Pigeon @ 581
YES ... I know that ... now ... but not at the time, OK?
what you call people who are actually interested in the footballing skills of either Rangers or Celtic. - Moronic fuckwits, usually - I am only too aware ( Having been on the wrong end of it, aged 11-14 ) that all group/team football actually IS FASCISM, ok?

 whitroth replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 13, 2024 22:41
596:

I won't go that far, though I do say that my interest in sports approaches zero as a limit, with two exceptions: those would be boxing and American football, where my interest is in negative numbers. I consider both blood sports.

 Grant replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 13, 2024 22:43
597:

At least this was in MNRAS rather than ARXIV, so it has been refereed.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 13, 2024 23:26
598:

old-ish stuff

My favorite old calculator, which is sitting in front of me even now, is the Radio Shack (licensed from Casio) EC-4016. Amazing little thing even now.

http://www.calcuseum.com/SCRAPBOOK/BONUS/12592/1.htm

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 14, 2024 00:02
599:

Once upon a time when I was actually being paid for programming on DOS, I did know at least some of these answers, but there was so little point having that information that I didn't even have much interest in retaining it at the time.

About that utility: did you ever actually use it? Because I do vaguely remember doing one myself once, but while it did work and was trivial to write, using it caused FAR more trouble than it was worth so it was probably very sensible of Microsoft never to provide the facility.

I've rewritten the following multiple times over about 4 hours, as each successive draft reminded me of new bits and pieces I'd forgotten, but I still think it's probably full of errors and omissions, so don't actually use it...

There was an interrupt for it (DOSese for "system call", because it used the 8086 INT instruction to call them), so all you needed was a few bytes of assembler in a .COM file that called it with the appropriate values and exited.

The way it worked was related to the way drive letters themselves worked. What DOS itself was using internally was not drive letters, but some kind of sequence-start-offset tuple - "sequence ID "floppies", drive letters start at A:, first letter (or second letter)", "sequence ID "hard drives", drive letters start at C:, first letter (or second, or third, etc)"; I can't remember if it exactly was that, but it was something along those lines.

You didn't come across it actually being expressed as a tuple; in accordance with DOS's usual habits of picking the stupidest ways of doing things, there was a different INT with a different parameter format and a different set of restrictions on when you could and couldn't safely call it for each parameter, because that was how they'd kludged it together bit by bit to keep up with how the original PC developed. And programmers used to think of the "offset" parameter for the "hard drive" sequence as being "the drive letter, minus 2", even though it wasn't, because it was hard enough to come across situations where you would get bitten in the arse by not taking account of that distinction that you'd likely not even realise there was a distinction.

DOS would set up sequence "floppies" for you, and sequence "hard drives" if you had any, so it always looked exactly like a strict alphabetical sequence with two or three entries (or more, if you were lucky), and consequently everyone thought it actually was that.

You were free to alter the "drive letters start at..." parameter, though, if you wanted, or create extra sequences starting wherever, so it was easy enough to make it give you a customised drive letter. As you say, though, it was very pointless so nobody ever bothered.

There was some project I had where there was some point to it, though. One bit of the code (probably for reasons connected with the silly API mentioned above and/or other similarly silly ones) was one of those infuriating things where no matter how hard you try, the code always comes out as some kind of a horrible mess that goes on and on. I figured out that there actually was some way to write decent code in this instance if you could assign arbitrary drive letters; and since the API was actually there and arbitrary drive letters were merely unconventional rather than formally incorrect, I tried it out.

And it worked fine, and since it was not only a purely internal thing to the company but one that only one or two people in the company would ever work with, and they would have had to have read my (comprehensive) documentation first to be able to work with any part of it at all, I reckoned this was great, and all I needed to do now was sand the rough edges off etc.

The trouble was that so, so many other people (including I think even some at Microsoft), who had written code where drive letters were actually important, had ignored the distinction between "offset" and "drive letter, minus 2" mentioned above, or assumed that because what you saw always came out looking like a strict alphabetical sequence it either really was one or at least DOS said it had to look like one, or done some other wrong thing of a like kind, that as soon as you tried to use the facility in any situation beyond the trivial, shit would start falling apart all over the place. In obscure and data-destroying ways that would probably fuck everything up beyond recovery before you noticed there was anything wrong. It even nearly did this to me just when I thought I could nearly put down the sandpaper. So although it was not incorrect, it nevertheless wasn't even remotely safe even in the severely restricted situation it was being used in, and I just had to act as if there was a formal rule specifying a strict alphabetical sequence and put up with having to write horrible messy code.

Even just having additional sequences wasn't entirely safe. We got hold of this package of an Apple Talk interface for the PC and a PC driver for it, that could map Macs' hard drives into the PC over Apple Talk, which eliminated a long-standing arseache. It figured out what the last hard drive letter DOS had assigned was and then carried on the letters for the mapped drives from there in strict alphabetical sequence, and for day-to-day purposes it was nearly safe, but it was still sufficiently possible to make it go bang that I reckoned the only way to use it regularly was connect/reboot, map network drive, copy stuff from network drive to PC hard drive, disconnect/reboot, and carry on from there.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 14, 2024 00:03
600:

Fermi and Dyson swarms….where are the aliens?

Scale time. Interstellar stuff in our area, like ‘Oumuamua, tumbles along at around 15 km/sec relative to the Sun. New Horizons, the fastest thing we’ve ever launched, is currently cranking along at 13.68 km/sec, or around 526,000 years per light year. The nearest putative Dyson swarm IIRC is around 900 light years away would theoretically take New Horizons something like 472,500,000 years to reach the nearest one we’ve found.

Just to add in some weirdness, the most durable dense information storage medium we know of—DNA— only appears to last 150 million years, if that bacteria they revived from a salt crystal is legit. Otherwise it seems to last 1-2 million years frozen. So could we send a complex starship hundreds of millions of years to somewhere and expect it to read its instructions? Probably not.

So building a Dyson swarm 1 AU out from a star may be doable, in the sense that we’ve sent probes that far. Sending an unscrewed probe a few light years as a dead hulk appears doable. Sending a working star probe even a light year is something we don’t know how to do. It’s quite possible that 1000 ly is too far for any functional hunk of complex matter to fly, period.

So maybe dump the Fermi paradox into a bin with all the other stuff physicists say when they haven’t done the math?

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 00:21
601:

"By convention only"

Haha, and I'd missed that. Yes, exactly. By convention only... but enough programmers thought it was a rule that you weren't safe unless you acted as if it was one.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 14, 2024 01:25
602:

leastwise, participants are volunteers albeit victims as ell, given damage done (shudder)

whereas bullfighting...?

lots 'n lots of folk always ask, how is this still a thing

for me, justice would be for the JDSA -- Jaded Dyson Sphere Aliens -- to scoop up fans of blood sports from Earth, and provide 'em with an opportunity to participate in LARPing with live ammo on a continent sized playing board...

...involuntarily

 kiloseven replied to this comment from JohnS | June 14, 2024 01:42
603:

JohnS wrote:

I'd need to build another computer to install Linux on to give it another try & I'm not really in a position where I can do that.

Nope. Nopity no no nope, not required.

Add a virtual machine (free) then install a Linux image in it. I prefer Linux Cinnamon Mint (since that's what goes out the door of https://freegeek.org where I find reasonably priced rehabilitated machines) but ZorinOS https://itsfoss.com/windows-like-linux-distributions/#2-zorin-os went out of their way to make a desktop as Windows-like as possible.

 kiloseven replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 14, 2024 02:02
604:

Mr. Tim wrote in part:

At least I didn't feel so bad feeling like an idiot not being able to find the tire (it was underneath the car, and the snow had covered the access port).

One of the things I miss about my biodiesel Jeep (killed by Bambi, 2 miles from home on a suburban interstate highway) was the spare tire, mounted where Ghod and Heinlein intended, on the back door. Made it right easy for a Boomer to get to.

The replacement, a Toyota Highlander Hybrid, at least has a full sized spare, and the jack is under a flap immediately above it, just inside the rear hatch. Bless Toyota.

 kiloseven replied to this comment from JohnS | June 14, 2024 02:56
605:

JohnS posted in part in #336:

I think everyone who drives should carry one of those little electric air pumps that plug into the not-the-cigarette-lighter-socket and should know how to hook it up to the tire. Ninety-nine percent of the time that should be enough to get you somewhere you can have the tire changed without destroying the tire by driving on a flat.

A big box store bicycle foot- or hand-operated pump w/ a Schrader fitting will also do the job, no electricity required, for the economically minded.

 kiloseven replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 14, 2024 03:27
606:

Pigeon wrote in #359:

"I don't even know what "flash hook a phone" means"

I don't either. I strongly suspect the term is a piece of US-specific vocabulary. I therefore also do not know whether or not the actual procedure is also specific to the US phone system, of course.

Any wired phone on the Public Switched Telephone Network anywhere on this planet will allow dialing by flashing the hookswitch, the button(s) depressed when the handset goes back into the cradle of the phone. The term was well known to phone phreakers worldwide, as my discussions with fellow phreakers planetwide confirms. This picture shows why that part of the phone was originally known as the hook. https://c8.alamy.com/comp/T0K897/antique-candlestick-telephone-receiver-on-switch-hook-T0K897.jpg

When you spin the dial of a old rotary phone, you wind a spring. Release the dial, the spring forces the dial to return to its stop, and a spinning interrupter mechanism driven by the dial disconnects and reconnects ("breaks and makes") the phone line n times, where n ranges from 1 to 10. If you stuck your finger in the 1 hole before pushing the dial around, you get one break. The 2 hole gets two breaks, and so on. The 0 hole gets you 10 breaks.

The switch back at the central office sees the breaks and makes, and registers which number was dialed, for each spin of the dial. Push button dual tone multiple frequency ('DTMF') system was grafted on to the phone switches, but 'pulse' dialing still works.

The art of hook switch flash dialing was a skill highly praised when phone calls were expensive, and the dial was locked to prevent calling without permission. You could, with a little practise, tap out the number on the hook switch button, bypassing the dial lock.

 Moz | June 14, 2024 03:30
607:

https://www.propublica.org/article/microsoft-solarwinds-golden-saml-data-breach-russian-hackers

Speaking of suicide, more details about the SolarWinds hack and Microsoft's very business oriented way of dealing with it.

Harris said he pleaded with the company for several years to address the flaw in the product, a ProPublica investigation has found. But at every turn, Microsoft dismissed his warnings, telling him they would work on a long-term alternative — leaving cloud services around the globe vulnerable to attack in the meantime.

 kiloseven replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 14, 2024 03:39
608:

Poul-Henning Kamp wrote in part:

But if UK is /really/ motivated, it can rejoin EU in a few hours any time it wants: Declares war on Denmark, fire a single shot to land indisputably within 12 miles of the Danish coast and surrender without conditions.

Aha! The Grand Fenwick War Plan.

You DO recall what happened when Grand Fenwick tried it, right? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=di4zFAhyjks

 paws4thot | June 14, 2024 03:44
609:

581 - The closest you normally come to a Celtic or Rangers fan who is actually interested in football as a sport is a Partick Thistle or Queens Park fan. The chance of meeting a member of either of the latter groups is about 1/10 of meeting a Celtic or Rangers fan.

587 - The largest drive identifier I've ever come across IRL would be G: The machine in question had physical floppy disc drives A: and B:, and physical hard drive C:, plus logical HDD partitions from D: to G:, to overcome Mickeyshaft limitations on the assignable size of a physical HDD.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Moz | June 14, 2024 04:34
610:

For sure, dump the Fermi paradox, but don't dump the people!

http://www.antipope.org/charlie/blog-static/2024/06/is-microsoft-trying-to-commit-.html#comment-2192116

 Moz replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 14, 2024 04:53
611:

ooops, I missed that. Sorry.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Moz | June 14, 2024 05:09
612:

Don't apologize to me, I just wanted to make the point that we do see these things.

While I've got you though, do you think it would be feasible to use a bicycle air pump to get a small spare tire for an American Monstrosity up to 80psi (or whatever that is in civilized units) I could find out the approximate volumes if that helps

 JHomes replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 14, 2024 05:30
613:

"The largest drive identifier I've ever come across IRL would be G:"

OTOH, if you are running Windows programs under Wine (Wine Is Not an Emulator), then Wine creates a Z: drive. IIRC this is to give access to the host system, and I presume that it was chosen to keep it out of the way of programs that play around with drive letters.

JHomes

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 14, 2024 05:55
614:

I’ll get back to you on the Casio. I need to find out whether it works first. Good to know that it brought up good memories for a lot of people!

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 14, 2024 06:05
615:

my gut check: pack a lunch and switch legs every two minutes and take a walk around every ten to offset strain on other joints

remember: you are not just pumping in air into a flat tire, you are lifting the entire fracking car/truck/levitan a fraction of an inch with each pump-stroke

if you have a jack, relieve the load on that side of the vehicle... if no jack, consider placing three similarly sized rocks in front of the other three tires then driving atop... but only if ultra safe... intent being to relieve the load bearing down on flat tire

 Heteromeles | June 14, 2024 06:16
616:

Back to the Fermi Paradox…

This is riffing off Brin’s novel Existence, which, like “Lungfish” had some really cool ideas not well dramatized, alas.

Anyway, let’s assume the obvious: it’s possible to launch something into interstellar space, but it’s not possible to get a working, uncrewed probe to a system even a light year away. By the time it arrives, say 500,000 years later, there’s going to be nobody back home for it to report to, even if it could talk. It’s a time capsule for a long-gone civilization.

So what to do? Send golden records on deep space probes. Messages in bottles, attached to missions that ended millennia before. If somebody finds it, they’ll know you existed long ago, even though you’ve almost certainly been forgotten on your home world.

Could be worse. This form of interstellar civilization could even come alive, in a way Brin noted, if the messages become like viral chain letters, increasingly optimized to get more copies of themselves made and sent out. Unless someone is stupid enough to use a big photon cannon to announce the launch and scream “here I am universe!” at the same time, deep space missions that incidentally carry messages will be hard to spot unless they’re in the system, so the galaxy could be teeming with spacefaring life and more or less maintain radio silence simultaneously.

 Moz replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 14, 2024 06:36
617:

90psi is 6 bar, so 5.4-ish? It's a question of persistence, I think. I've topped off truck tyres with a floor pump before (x6!), that was fairly tedious. Getting there from zero would be very, very boring. OTOH even the silliest US car is likely to have smaller volume tyres.

My main advice is to oil or grease the pump. You want the sliding seal between the plunger and the body to have actual lubrication rather than hopeing there's still something left from whenever you bought the pump.

If you're using a mini pump then I do wonder whether you'll wear out the pump before you throw it away in frustration. I buy mini pumps aiming for volume because I'm happy to ride a 6 bar tyre at 4 bar, but I'm not really keen on spending hours on the side of the road with a tiny little "high pressure" pump going into a 60mm wide load bike tyre.

 Moz replied to this comment from JHomes | June 14, 2024 06:43
618:

Lots of corporations have shared drives at random letters. S: for share being common, but also M and Z for whatever reason.

These days windows supports virtual mount points so I have also seen shenanigans there (redirecting "My Documents" onto the network, for example, as part of making it harder for users to save anything to their local machine at all). Viz, C:\Users\You\My Documents where C:\Users or C:\Users\You points to a location on a shared network drive. Something like that, I assume there's a management tool that lets people do this shit by enabling a policy rather than poking round on individual machines.

At work people talk about "the S drive" even though we have had I think M and Z drives for going on a decade now, trying to get people to stop vomiting crap onto the one common repository of all the things (featuring a collection of "New Folder (12)" and "Document (18).docx" in the root, of course). I vaguely recall that M is per-user and Z is read-only copy of the old S drive, but I access it via Linux so what would I know (~/nas and ~/moz)

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Moz | June 14, 2024 07:05
619:

Thank you for that, I have to calibrate that with my own expected output

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 14, 2024 07:05
620:

»I'm pretty sure that well before you found yourself needing to hack MSDOS to support more drive letters«

Twenty years ago i demolished and rebuilt how FreeBSD handles chr & blk devices with DEVFS, and disks, partitions, mirroring, raid etc. with GEOM.

As part of my testing, I created (on FreeBSD) a disk with a couple of hundred "extended" MBR partitions. There's no upper limit to those, their metadata forms a linked list, which incidentally makes the latter ones slower to find and more prone to disaster.

As an experiment, plugged that disk into various W95, W98 and NT3.1 systems, and as I recall it, the first bunch of partitions appeared as drive letters up to Z and the rest were nowhere to be found, including in the FORMAT program.

My guess is that the drive letter lookup in M$ products is an array of 26 pointers.

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 14, 2024 07:39
621:

My favorite old calculator, which is sitting in front of me even now, is the Radio Shack (licensed from Casio) EC-4016.

The one I had was the folding EC-4011 (pictured on the upper left of the linked page). Back in the day that had everything I could ask for in a scientific calculator. Now, well, I'm skeptical that the flexible folding business would reliably last decades so I haven't tried to get another. But I carried that thing around in my jacket pocket for years; A+ grade.

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 14, 2024 07:51
622:

About that utility: did you ever actually use it?

Once or twice to see if it worked; after that, there didn't seem to be much point.

But wow, you got a lot deeper into the bits & bolts of drive handling under DOS than I ever did. Thanks for the story!

(Speaking of third-party utilities to do trivial things MS didn't make standard, I while back I wanted to check how much memory was being used for what on a hard drive. Easy under Linux, surprisingly hard under Windows.)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 14, 2024 07:52
623:

you'll benefit from an app all too many of us end up writing to run a scan for certain annoyances either exact matches or by patterns

yes you can type the targets into Win Explorer but having to perform this dull-as-dirt task weekly will be better done with an app... especially if the output is sorted by file's owner when it goes into text file which can then be chunked and circulated via e-mail

especially useful whenever an employee departs and you're obliged to tidy up behind 'em... and does a routine sweep for crap that's a potential lawsuit (i.e., "Taylor's Verion.mp3")

New Folder

New Folder (##)

*.tmp

*.mp3

*.mp4

*.avi

file name defaults for: Excel, Visio, Outlook, Word, Visual Studio, etc

 JHomes replied to this comment from Moz | June 14, 2024 08:59
624:

'redirecting "My Documents" onto the network, for example, as part of making it harder for users to save anything to their local machine at all). Viz, C:\Users\You\My Documents where C:\Users or C:\Users\You points to a location on a shared network drive.'

And if you don't have your own network, Windows 11 will happily redirect things on to OneDrive (and there's no need to tell you that it's doing so). It caused me a certain amount of grief when I needed to use Windows to access the new printer, doing some things in Powershell, which does not redirect, and others via GUI, which does. Happily, the printer now works from Linux.

JHomes.

 Grant replied to this comment from JHomes | June 14, 2024 09:43
625:

Has anyone else had issues with Windows 11 networking since the updates about 6 weeks or so back? The same day I had it I stopped being able to RDP between two machines.

Only managed to get it working (with help from a friend) by nailing down the IP addresses and converting to local accounts to give W11 less and less scope to mess it up.

And Microsoft don't exactly encourage using local accounts...

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 14, 2024 09:44
626:

»Speaking of third-party utilities to do trivial things MS didn't make standard, I while back I wanted to check how much memory was being used for what on a hard drive. Easy under Linux, surprisingly hard under Windows.«

I'm working on restoring a Rational R1000 computer in datamuseum.dk, very special beast in so many ways, including being object-oriented all the way down to hardware. (Also: instruction set are Ada primitives, bus is 64bit type + 64 bit data, and everything is bit-aligned.)

I had never thought about it before, but with a /truly OO/ system, you cannot just run "fsck", "rm -rf" or "du /" and get a quick reaction out of the filesystem: You have to traverse every single damn object, and ask it to do this thing itself.

The equivalent of "du /" took a full week on a 75% full 2GB object store.

 Moz replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 14, 2024 09:57
627:

That's a design decision, though, mostly about metadata. And presumably there's a root object that you can just delete :)

I used an OO database/language built by mainframe people once and that was kind of fun. But stuff like du were management tools that operated on metadata so were nice and quick (handy for a distributed database when networks were slow), but the equivalent of fsck could be very slow indeed, even locally. I once did the obvious thing and filled the DB disk on our test server and that revealed some exciting assumptions in the beta version of the system. But once they had a production version we never managed to damage it.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 14, 2024 11:45
628:

WTF was he thinking?

You remember how out of touch GHWB looked when, campaigning for re-election in 1992, he visited a supermarket and had no idea what the optical scanner on the checkout was because he never shopped in supermarkets, he had minions to do that kind of thing for him?

Sunak is the British equivalent of Jared Kushner.

His parents immigrated to the UK in the 1960s -- being of East African Indian-descent they were presumably middle-to-upper class types, and there was zero family lore of what it was like in England during the Blitz, hence the tone-deaf reaction to D-Day. Then he was educated at Winchester (an elite private school) and Oxford University, then went to Stanford on a Fullbright scholarship to do his MBA, worked at Goldman Sachs, managed a hedge fund, married a billionaire's daughter, and failed upwards at every opportunity until he ended up as Prime Minister.

This gives him precisely zero "feel" for the lived experience of the average Brit, who has lived through a 16 year period in which the national GDP has shrunk by 8-9%.

 Richard H replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 14, 2024 11:49
629:

"The one I had was the folding EC-4011 (pictured on the upper left of the linked page). Back in the day that had everything I could ask for in a scientific calculator."

Seconded, emphatically. I still regularly use my Casio fx-451, which is the same thing minus the Radio Shack badge.

"Now, well, I'm skeptical that the flexible folding business would reliably last decades so I haven't tried to get another."

It has lasted! The plastic has stiffened and cracked so it won't fold, but the electronics are still sound.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 14, 2024 11:56
630:

About Dyson Swarms: It seems like Dyson Swarms (or Spheres) are never depicted favorably in Sci-Fi

They're just too big for fictional purposes.

(Remember, fiction in general is about human behaviour, and hard SF specifically tries to focus on human behaviour under circumstances that are plausible if you make a couple of changes to the known scientific rulebook then extrapolate. But you don't get human behaviour inside the Earth's inner mantle because it's just not an environment humans can plausibly exist in. And megastructures have similar problems, as settings for fiction ...)

After a couple of early attempts to grapple with them in the 70s (notably Ringworld by Niven and Orbitsville by Shaw) authors figured out that an actual fully-maintained ringworld civilization, never mind a Dyson shell, is simply too huge to contemplate. Niven's ringworld had roughly 3 million times the land area of Earth, so at our current population density could support about 24,000,000,000,000,000 humans and still have wilderness areas. And a Dyson shell would be roughly six orders of magnitude more surface area again!

We vaguely understand nations and empires as superorganisms of humans that operate on larger scales than, say, corporations or provinces: but we have no yardstick for extrapolating from a nation of roughly 100M people to an entity with a million subunits that populous. They'd have to solve coordination and dispute resolution problems arising on scales we can't even recognize, and never mind cultural diversity, there'd be a strong likelihood of speciation (at least Niven noticed that, although his handling of evolutionary biology is risibly bad in general).

At least Banks' solution -- to make them smaller (still vaster than planetary land areas, but a bit more tractable) and put superintelligences in charge -- was vaguely plausible.

(NB: I tackled this topic in Missile Gap, a novella you can find in the Wireless collection. Not a happy fun optimistic story!)

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Moz | June 14, 2024 12:06
631:

Why would Netanyahu continue the war once Gaza is populated only by Israelis?

The Gaza war is nothing to do with lebensraum and everything to do with distracting the Israeli public from going after Netanyahu with pitchforks and torches for allowing October 7th to happen in the first place.

He's so deeply unpopular that if he downshifts from a war footing or signs a ceasefire he will be hounded out of office within days (and immediately prosecuted on corruption charges, which is his main motive for clinging to power at all costs -- he has immunity for now).

The Gaza War is to the Israeli Right what overturning Roe v. Wade was to the Christian Right in the USA -- a very handy carrot to dangle in front of the base for some indeterminate time in the future, not intended to actually happen on anybody's watch (and the eventual blowback will be intense).

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 14, 2024 12:13
632:

Sending a working star probe even a light year is something we don’t know how to do.

That's what the DARPA hundred year starship symposia in 2010-2015 was chewing over. Nobody knows how to do it, but let's get a bunch of folks from different disciplines into a conference hotel for a weekend to probe one anothers' ignorance and hope to strike some sparks.

What became clear was that the challenges of sending a small robot probe as far as proxima centauri within a century (so, 4.25 light years) are beyond daunting with today's technology, or even anything we can envisage developing by 2100 or thereabouts. Never mind slowing it down at the other end, and having it send data back.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Moz | June 14, 2024 12:21
633:

»That's a design decision, though, mostly about metadata. And presumably there's a root object that you can just delete :)«

Nope. It is a /truly/ object oriented machine. If you delete the root object, it has to ask any inferior objects to kindly piss off, before it can self-destruct. Those inferior objects have to do the same.

Interestingly, some of the objects refuse to go away, because they are part of a cross-compiler interface which runs the compiler on an RS/6000 they cannot "currently" contact.

I call them "the lemon-soaked napkin" objects :-)

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 12:36
634:

»What became clear was that the challenges of sending a small robot probe as far as proxima centauri within a century (so, 4.25 light years) are beyond daunting with today's technology[…]«

One of the other things that came out of it, was that people had a totally unrealistic idea how a "small interstellar probe" looks: Hoba rather than Voyager.

Most metals sublimate, in particular if you bombard them with high energy particles for centuries on end.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 13:06
635:

You remember how out of touch GHWB looked when, campaigning for re-election in 1992, he visited a supermarket and had no idea what the optical scanner on the checkout was because he never shopped in supermarkets, he had minions to do that kind of thing for him?

There is a line at the end of an older B&W US western movie:
"No, sir. This is the West, sir. When the legend becomes fact, print the legend."

I understand the point you're making. And agree with it in general. I know some very smart people who can be clueless about everyday things. But most everyone I know does their own grocery shopping. Even those with net a worth of north of $1mil.

But the Bush scanner story as you tell it is just plain wrong. And it is not just you. The story is taken as an article of faith by many. And it lives on as it help re-enforce the stereotype of politicians that many hate. The amazement was about a new scanner setup that could scan damaged bar codes and even weigh produce that only had a bar code on it saying what kind of produce it was and thus automatically pricing it.

GHWB was familiar with grocery store scanners.

See this:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supermarket_scanner_moment

This story is one reason why the R's refuse to admit the NY Times might ever be right about anything.

Full disclosure: I have a subscription to the NY Times. And do not feel GHWB was a good president.

Back to the original point about . My upbringing was hugely impacted by my parents going through WWII and then Viet Nam and Nixon. (And dial phones, no computers, 3 channel TV, and so on.) So many people under the age of 45 or so just don't get how impactful those things were. Even my kids aged 32 and 34. To them it is like dad reading from a boring text book if I try and explain what things were like. Sunak just doesn't get it.

As to the quote. It is from the end and maybe the last line in the movie: "The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance"
A decent movie but loaded up with a lot of stars of the day, 1962, who carry political baggage. About how a politician can succeed based on things they never did.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=363ZAmQEA84
1 min 20 seconds plus whatever ad they jam in front of it.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 13:31
636:

just to snark about about the scaling up...

never mind DisneyWorld being 27,000 acres (43 square miles; 110 square kilometers; about same size as San Francisco), it would be feasible to allocate a world sized chunk of land... thereby living up to the name "DisneyWorld"

heck, each themed section, each set of movie characters could be allocated its own continent eqv of land

and why stop at one?

there's room enough for a million "DisneyWorld-Worlds"... one for each 10^9 inhabitants to squander their money and acquire memories of being a kid again

themed sections which could include re-enactment of every battle of every war for all of human history simultaneously at a one-to-one scaling

oh heck... there'd be a couple hundred copies of the Battle of Gettysburg (actual screaming humans getting shot and bayoneted!), Siege of Stalingrad (complete with real cannibalism!), each of the nine Christian Crusades (including impalement of captives!), et al

just a reminder: DisneyWorld is a wholly owned trademarked piece of intellectual property so be careful in mentioning it in any books or teevee scripts

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 14, 2024 13:35
637:

{ punchline got cut off }

just a reminder: DisneyWorld is a wholly owned trademarked piece of intellectual property so be careful in mentioning it in any books or teevee scripts describing a Dyson Sphere's vacation industry

 David L | June 14, 2024 14:03
638:

Backtracking from suicide.

https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/06/microsoft-delays-data-scraping-recall-feature-again-commits-to-public-beta-test/

Of course it seems FB will use everyone's public data to train their AI in less than 2 weeks. In the US. In Europe you can opt out. But you have to do it soon.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 14:32
639:

The Gaza war is nothing to do with lebensraum and everything to do with distracting the Israeli public

That may be the case for Bennie, but to chunks of the government/public it seems the war is about (a) taking back their ancestral land, and (b) purifying Israel of those horrible dirty etc etc Arabs. I have no idea how large the crazy faction actually is (or how unified it is), but the ultraorthodox tail often seems to be wagging the Israeli dog.

When I read about Israel in the Jerusalem Post and Haaretz it often feels like I'm reading about two completely different countries that happen to share the same name.

There's many apparent contradictions in Israeli history and politics, at least from an outside perspective. (Such as the Most Moral Army in the World™ having a service ribbon for a terrorist group whose leader once tried to ally with Hitler against the British.)

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 14, 2024 14:38
640:

But most everyone I know does their own grocery shopping. Even those with net a worth of north of $1mil.

Well, a net worth north of a million isn't that much nowadays. My net worth is more than that (I live in the GTA where the average house costs more than a million).

If you are sufficiently wealthy to have servants, and those servants include a cook/chef, then I would imagine you don't do much if any grocery shopping.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 14, 2024 14:54
641:

Well, a net worth north of a million isn't that much nowadays.

I'll change it to some with that much in cash and easy access, no housing or stocks.

Anyway, my point is/was Bush knew what a checkout scanner was. And I have friends with over the top net worth who are clueless about some aspects of day or day life. But still buy their own groceries.

Anyway, it was a hit piece on GHWB and was not true. But it was something a lot of people wanted to be true.

At the time IBM's R&D for checkout systems / scanners was down the street. Literally. And yes it was not IBM's system but still they knew the state of the art and what was going on. And in my social circles there was a lot of eye rolling over this story. As they knew the details and how bozo much of the coverage was.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 14, 2024 15:06
642:

There is a line at the end of an older B&W US western movie: "No, sir. This is the West, sir. When the legend becomes fact, print the legend."

Just to point out, the cowboys of the Wild West were young, badly paid, and fairly frequently black or immigrant, so the level of myth making going on around cowboys is actually even bigger than you might expect.

But wait, it gets worse. The American West was colonized through deliberate subsidies, often in the form of dams. The philosophy embraced by Washington was “rain follows the plow,” meaning that if farmers settled a desert, it would become rainier. They were warned from the get go that it wouldn’t last, but as you might expect, the warnings were ignored.

So the Republican cowboy: independent American living on the frontier by his skills along, protecting his women, children, and land with his gun, and loudly praising Jeezus the whole time, is almost entirely mythical and heavily subsidized by the government. It’s no coincidence that Reagan, who was a Hollywood actor during the peak of the Western movie era, ran on this myth and curdled the Republican Party around it.

In case you’ve ever looked at archeological remnants like the Great Pyramid and wondered what the frack they were thinking in building them, this is how it happens. And dams are bigger and less durable than pyramids.

Read Cadillac Desert if you want the more on this story. I’ve often thought that it would make a decent base for a bleak SF story or series, with off world colonies—or construction of a Dyson Swarm—being the equivalent of the dam building frenzy of the 20th Century, and What Were They Thinking being the through line as all the colonies fail unless heavily subsidized, or unless they move on every few decades to build a new colony after the old one fails.

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 14, 2024 15:15
643:

The American West was colonized through deliberate subsidies, often in the form of dams.

Oh I know. But you skipped the first wave. The northwest territories act for the upper Ohio valley which was extended to much of the west.

Then the railroads. Which was really a real estate play. Build AND OPERATE a rail line and you get 1/2 of the land 5 miles on each side of the track. So they built water stops and bigger towns along the tracks, convinced settlers to move out along the tracks and create/settle in these towns and/or start farms and ranches out a bit. Then the rail roads serviced the transportation needs for supplies in and crops out. It was a great system based on "free" dirt.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 14, 2024 15:31
644:

If the recommended inflation pressure is 80 psi, consider a small barreled pump, otherwise the effort can be punishing, as well as tedious.

 David L replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 14, 2024 15:41
645:

use a bicycle air pump to get a small spare tire for an American Monstrosity up to 80psi (or whatever that is in civilized units)

American Monstrosities have full sized spares. Which typically are inflated to between 24 and 36 or so PSI.

Bicycle tires tend to be more in the 80psi range. Take the total area of a tire in contact with the earth and divide that into the weight of the vehicle. That gets to to the air pressure of the tire. Well close.

So if the pump can do a bicycle tire to 80psi it can do a full sized tire to the mid 30s. It just might take longer. And if you are doing one of those "bicycle spares" at 80 psi, the pump will work fine. Just longer.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 14, 2024 15:52
646:

Rishi Sunak and Akshata Murty (his spouse) have a combined net worth estimated at roughly US $830M. Murty is a venture capitalist: she is richer than the King. Her father N. R. Narayana Murthy's net worth is over US $4Bn -- he's the now-retired chairman emeritus of Infosys, the Indian IT services multinational he co-founded.

The Bush dynasty may be old money and better connected politically, but the Murthys are billionaires (and even more impressively so when you consider Murthy snr. founded Infosys in India in 1981, rather than the Bay Area).

More amusingly, the Sunaks are very likely wealther -- in real terms, rather than bigged-up balance sheets to impress the proles -- than Trump.

 Thomas Jørgensen replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 16:09
647:

... the swarm itself could be the dispute resolution mechanism.

Rules: 1: You don't get to ban people from leaving your habitat. 2: No shooting at the neighbors. 3: There is no rule 3.

That is, the whole thing got built so every godforsaken splinter group could have it's own little worldlet to live or die on according to their own wishes.

The dystopian version omits rule one.

 Poul-Henning Kamp | June 14, 2024 16:23
648:

Slightly back to topic:

https://www.theregister.com/2024/06/13/version_256_systemd/?td=rt-3a

How can there be any other explanation than:

Somebody at Microsoft finally figured out that UNIX was the better model

Secret evil meeting decides on a two prong attack:

A) Pull more and more of UNIX into windows (See: WSL)

B) Plant saboteurs to move Linux evercloser to the classic Windows experience

 paws4thot | June 14, 2024 16:35
649:

613 - You're right, subject to the note that I was discussing A Mess DOS or Windoze up to 3.11.

615 - Or go with a sturrup pump?
That said, the idea about the 3 rocks only works if the flat is at the "light" end of the vehicle.

617 - A more likely top pressure for an auto, rather than a ute, is about 3 bar.

618 - Which reminds me, with a modern Windoze nitwork, I've gone physical (and virtual) local drives from A to G, and started at Z and gone backwards for local addresses to server drives.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 17:17
650:

After a couple of early attempts to grapple with them in the 70s (notably Ringworld by Niven and Orbitsville by Shaw) authors figured out that an actual fully-maintained ringworld civilization, never mind a Dyson shell, is simply too huge to contemplate... we have no yardstick for extrapolating from a nation of roughly 100M people to an entity with a million subunits that populous. They'd have to solve coordination and dispute resolution problems arising on scales we can't even recognize, and never mind cultural diversity, there'd be a strong likelihood of speciation (at least Niven noticed that, although his handling of evolutionary biology is risibly bad in general).

Any Galactic Empire on the scale of "Foundation" (i.e. spans the entire galaxy or a significant chunk of it, as opposed to couple hundred light years) suffers from the same problem. Just not as obviously.

Howard NYC @ 636: there's room enough for a million "DisneyWorld-Worlds"... one for each 109 inhabitants to squander their money and acquire memories of being a kid again

From "Zima Blue", a short story by Alastair Reynolds: All we had been told was to make our way to Murjek, a waterlogged world most of us had never heard of before. Murjek's only claim to fame was that it hosted the one hundred and seventy first known duplicate of Venice, and one of only three Venices rendered entirely in white marble.

Speaking of Reynolds, his stories almost never involve FTL (above quoted "Zima Blue" is an exception), and with Milky Way galaxy being settled at sublight speeds, speciation is pretty much a given. No "Galactic Empires" for obvious reasons.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 14, 2024 17:22
651:

Yeah. I won't post what I think deserves to happen to Lennart Poettering because it would probably get me arrested, but you can if you like think about certain photos of a very famous Italian person.

I am hoping for Linus to get one of his big strops on and move all the kernel functionality that shitstemd needs to work onto the "deprecated" list. And of course your own Free BSD is looking more and more attractive, in big jumps.

Linked from that page is http://www.theregister.com/2023/08/21/devuan_5_systemdfree_debian/ about the latest Devuan release. It seems to me that much of their conclusion about how good it is should be taken with a pinch of salt, to say the least. I couldn't understand why they were being so negative until I realised that whoever wrote it has a massive hard-on for the graphical installer and wasn't even considering the ordinary text one. Idiot. I always select the text-based installer whenever I do any Linux installation precisely because until a goodly amount of system detection/configuration/setup has already taken place, I naturally expect to find that the mouse simply doesn't work, and anything more complicated than a plain text mode won't work usably, won't work at all, or might even go into a sufficiently fucked-up mode to damage the hardware. And there's no advantage to using a graphical interface over a text one for that kind of fundamentally text-based task in any case, so it's just making a rod for your own back.

Instead of messing around with the graphical installer they should have spent the time getting a blind person to try out the speech synthesis thing, because that actually is useful, and if you are someone who needs it, having some idea whether it's going to work properly before you actually start trying to use it is a whole lot more important.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Thomas Jørgensen | June 14, 2024 17:27
652:

Rules: 1: You don't get to ban people from leaving your habitat. 2: No shooting at the neighbors. 3: There is no rule 3.

That is, the whole thing got built so every godforsaken splinter group could have it's own little worldlet to live or die on according to their own wishes.

That's exactly how Glitter Band in the "Inhibitors" series (Reynolds again) functions. Although it does have Rule 3: Any action which affects the entire Glitter Band (as opposed to individual habitats) is voted on by ALL inhabitants. The ultimate in direct democracy. Within themselves, habitats do not have to be democratic.

 alantyson | June 14, 2024 17:28
653:

Tangentially-related to the cowboy myth, I was reminded recently of the story about Reagan's viewing of the TV show "The Day After" changed his mind about the U.S.'s nuclear policy. This was a guy who at least should have known more than anyone else about the consequences of a nuclear exchange, but needed to have it presented as a fictional narrative before it really hit home. I don't even bring this up as a slam on Reagan (there are better reasons to slam him than that, which I'm sure we can all come up with), but as another example of how fiction/myth/narrative can have a more outsized influence on actual policy than maybe we'd like... something something Torment Nexus.

 Pixodaros replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 17:41
654:

Maybe N. wants to keep the war going until he has a better idea of how to stay out of jail, but when he or his successor have to decide between ceasefire and driving the Gazans into Egypt, I don't know which he will choose. Politicians don't get to have their way on every issue.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 14, 2024 17:43
655:

Yes indeed - jack it up if possible. Even if this means using a manual jack. Although you're still supplying the energy for the lifting from your own body, it helps a lot to supply that chunk of the total energy in a separate operation, and it does make quite a noticeable difference to how hard the pumping is.

I agree with Moz that the best thing you can do with a bicycle pump (or any pump) is to put some lubricant designed for the purpose on the piston seal. I also agree that while a bicycle pump will achieve any pressure you're likely to need, you'll probably wear it out long before you've put any decent amount of air into the tyre; also the heat generated by compression may well be enough to make any crimped connection on whatever you've got to connect the pump to the tyre get hot and soft and come apart.

(I'm assuming this is the kind of tyre that is so huge that anyone short of a big manual labourer is going to struggle to even move the thing; am I right?)

If you are intending to use an electric compressor make sure you have some spare fuses for the thing, and know where it's hidden the fuse, too.

Whatever pump you intend to use it is more or less essential to give it a good try-out for its ergonomics before you buy it (if they won't let you, don't buy it). I've been using an electric compressor since long before I physically had to use one, because of finding far too many different muscle-powered pumps that look great but have been designed with no regard at all for how real human bodies mechanically operate, and are so bleeding awkward to use for a real task that you'd almost be better off sticking a tube up your arse and farting the tyre to inflation.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 14, 2024 17:44
656:

»I won't post what I think deserves to happen to Lennart Poettering because it would probably get me arrested«

As a bemused bystander, I dont understand how/why he is allowed to do what it he does, at the speed he does it ?

When we sent our proposal for the Adaptive Optics Real-Time Cluster for the ESO ELT telescope, systemd was half a million lines of code. When we wrote our final report, it had grown by more than 50%. (No difference to us: Our software started ran as pid==1)

 Pigeon replied to this comment from alantyson | June 14, 2024 17:48
657:

Similarly with the story about the bit in his memoirs where he says that he genuinely did not realise that the USSR were fucking terrified of a US first strike, and didn't start to get a clue until quite a while after Able Archer. Fuck me, were we ever lucky over that one.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from alantyson | June 14, 2024 17:50
658:

»I was reminded recently of the story about Reagan's viewing of the TV show "The Day After" changed his mind about the U.S.'s nuclear policy. This was a guy who at least should have known more than anyone else about the consequences of a nuclear exchange«

It's covered a bit in one of Richard Rhodes books, the difference may be that if you are told "everybody dies if you press the button" you it takes quite a bit of specialized knowledge to figure out for yourself how much pain happens before they die.

The Day After did a pretty good job of explaining that not everybody is evaporated to heaven instantly.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 14, 2024 17:59
659:

I am similarly bemused. I am bemused in more or less exactly the same way as I am bemused at the massive surge of enthusiasm for fascism in British politics. Fine, maybe people are dissatisfied with current conditions, maybe there are even good reasons to be, but of all possible solutions, why the fuck do they think the best one is going to be one which we already know is so terrible that we fought a massive war to stamp it out?

 Greg Tingey | June 14, 2024 18:18
660:

Charlie @ 628
Slight correction, referring to Rich Rish!
This gives him precisely zero "feel" for the lived experience of the average ANYONE not in the 0.01% - Brit, or anywhere else.

@ 630
I note you mention the following, but, um, err: Dyson Sphere ... Bob Shaw - "Orbitsville"
Megastructures ... "Ringworld"?? - come to that - a Plate-class GSV?

@ 631
In the same way that Hamas simply don't fucking care about the inhabitants of Gaza, because they have their holy war & have succeeded, beyond their wildest dreams, in getting Bennie & friends to paint themselves as evil ( which they are, just like Hamas )

David L
Don't use Arsebook, then?

Pigeon @ 659
Those shits have always been there, but they now feel enabled to stick their heads up & start shouting ... I heard an R4 interview with some of the constituents of 30p Anderson ... euuwww ...
And - it's because they are STUPID, OK?

Oh yes, SF films ...
It appears that there is at least on film based on the French SF comic series "Valerian" - which is both amusing, cynical & the "hero" actually gets upstaged/helped-out by his girlfriend ...

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from alantyson | June 14, 2024 18:20
661:

"the deaths of a million people is a statistic; the death of a single man being a tragedy"

The Day After was a kick in the balls

nobody who show it that first time had a clear grasp of what was about to etched into their brains

reports afterwards, not just weeping and shaking but lots of adults puking, with many members of the American military officer ranks shaken to the point of demanding answers as to how the fuck was a nuke swap ever going to provide a 'victory condition'

whether or not it really did trigger puking and questioning on a wide scale it did indeed force lots 'n lots of "chair force" wannabes in Washington to finally explain their Cold War policies in greater detailing than ever prior... list assumptions about WW3... also sweat-soaked presentations of how nuke swapping was not an epic fail

then there's the aspect of the teevee movie which was to offer a face-saving step back, supposedly demanded by masses 'n masses of the voting public...

about the only certainty?

we are not one of the timelines that experienced a nuke swap...

...but given the power of human stupidity across an infinite number of timelines there's plenty of places where bleached bones hum softly in the desolate breeze

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 14, 2024 18:41
662:

The Day After was a kick in the balls

I saw it after Threads and thought it was deeply overrated and took a rather light-hearted and optimistic view of the aftermath of a nuclear war.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 18:50
663:

»I saw it after Threads and thought it was deeply overrated and took a rather light-hearted and optimistic view of the aftermath of a nuclear war.«

I think it did a reasonable compromise between the non-classified science at the time and the goal of making a movie out of it. Had they followed the science much closer, the movie would have been short.

I was personally much more shocked by the study which came out later, which showed that even a "restrained nuclear exchange" between India and Pakistan would likely to decimate the population of the planet.

 David L replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 14, 2024 18:56
664:

I also agree that while a bicycle pump will achieve any pressure you're likely to need, you'll probably wear it out long before you've put any decent amount of air into the tyre; also the heat generated by compression may well be enough to make any crimped connection on whatever you've got to connect the pump to the tyre get hot and soft and come apart.

I've done it with a cheap crap foot pump. Tedious. But the pump lasted and I got air in the tire to get somewhere.

When you're in the middle of a field in 1969 or so and a truck to come to you will cost $400 you do what you can. Which can include maneuvering a water filled 5' diameter tire into the back of a pick up truck by yourself. You just never let it off from vertical.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 18:57
665:

Rishi Sunak and Akshata Murty (his spouse) have a combined net worth estimated at roughly US $830M.

As I said. I agreed that Sunak was tone deaf in this incident. And when he became one of the candidates for your PM I looked him up. I was a bit bemused that someone with his wealth was bringing in the smaller pot to the marriage.

 David L replied to this comment from alantyson | June 14, 2024 19:04
666:

I was reminded recently of the story about Reagan's viewing of the TV show "The Day After" changed his mind about the U.S.'s nuclear policy. This was a guy who at least should have known more than anyone else about the consequences of a nuclear exchange, but needed to have it presented as a fictional narrative before it really hit home.

TDA caused a lot of people in the US to shift away from where ever they were on a nuclear war to more of a less likely to accept it. From the crazy "we can win" moving to "huh, maybe not" and the "it will be bad" to "it will be an absolute shitshow".

People close to Ron in general say he hated the idea of a nuclear exchange. But he didn't know how to get either side to stand down. And to be honest until the old guard in the Kremlin died off over a few years, it wasn't really possible.

Of course Teller having his ear didn't help with things. Teller was convinced there would be a war and the US had to prepare to win it. Until he decided to push for "Star Wars".

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 14, 2024 19:09
667:

Howard NYC @ 584:

=sigh=

it has finally happened to me... attempting to recall minutia of my youth and then arguing about with other old farts

I've become a mossback greybeard

But "Are You A Turtle?" 🙃

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 14, 2024 19:16
668:

Reality datapoint: my late wife bought her father a book on Texas by Frederick Law Olmstead. In the mid-1850s, he rode with a cousin who had TB and was taking the "riding cure". At one point, south of Austin, they stop at a ranch. Stucco hovel, a blanket for a door, and the Real American was so proud of his ranch and a few hundred head of cattle who needed all his land to eat enough to stay alive. He was insulting about the "foreigners" down in New Braunfels (just north of San Antonio. They were most German, who escaped after the failed revolutions of 1848. They had wooden sidewalks, schools, newspapers... you know, civilization.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Thomas Jørgensen | June 14, 2024 19:19
669:

In my future timeline. folks who don't like genengineering and modern civilization (the Terran Confederation) raise enough resources, and settle their own planet. And work at terraforming.

Doesn't always work. And if someone with a lot of resources on one planet decides he needs more humans...

 whitroth replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 14, 2024 19:21
670:

We all know who (8) is.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 14, 2024 19:22
671:

Yeah, the installer. I really want to make / a RAID 1. No simple way to do that. In fact, when I installed almalinux, I had to give up.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 14, 2024 19:31
672:

And to be honest until the old guard in the Kremlin died off over a few years, it wasn't really possible.

Anecdote, ganked from I-can't-remember-where: in the late 1950s, Nikita Kruschev got to witness a megaton-range atmospheric H-bomb test.

After which, he couldn't sleep for three nights: I can't possibly order one of those things dropped on an inhabited city kept him awake with anxiety-induced insomnia.

Then on the third night, he realized: obviously I can't order one of those dropped on a city, but we don't have to tell the Americans that.

After which he was able to sleep again.

I suspect there was a huge amount of that sort of doublethink going on, probably on both sides, by the more responsible or non-sociopathic adults in the room. As witness the fact that on the American side, both General MacArthur and Curtis LeMay were involuntarily "retired" after they sidled too close to the big red button while drooling copiously and sporting wood.

 JohnS replied to this comment from kiloseven | June 14, 2024 19:40
673:

kiloseven @ 603:

JohnS wrote:

"I'd need to build another computer to install Linux on to give it another try & I'm not really in a position where I can do that."

Nope. Nopity no no nope, not required.

Add a virtual machine (free) then install a Linux image in it. I prefer Linux Cinnamon Mint (since that's what goes out the door of https://freegeek.org where I find reasonably priced rehabilitated machines) but ZorinOS https://itsfoss.com/windows-like-linux-distributions/#2-zorin-os went out of their way to make a desktop as Windows-like as possible.

Who's gonna pay for it?

I don't want to risk effing up the computers I have to rely on, so who's going to pay for the new/used/refurbished hardware to conduct said experiments on?

kiloseven @ 605:

JohnS posted in part in #336:

"I think everyone who drives should carry one of those little electric air pumps that plug into the not-the-cigarette-lighter-socket and should know how to hook it up to the tire. Ninety-nine percent of the time that should be enough to get you somewhere you can have the tire changed without destroying the tire by driving on a flat."

A big box store bicycle foot- or hand-operated pump w/ a Schrader fitting will also do the job, no electricity required, for the economically minded.

Have you ever actually tried to pump up an automobile tire with a bicycle pump?

 Kardashev replied to this comment from alantyson | June 14, 2024 19:49
674:

I was reminded recently of the story about Reagan's viewing of the TV show "The Day After" changed his mind about the U.S.'s nuclear policy.

In 1985 or 1986, I attended a symposium in which George Keyworth, the President's Science Advisor, went on a screaming rant about TDA, using the word "treason" at least once. I was much taken aback, verging on shocked, and (being somewhat innocent about such things at the time) wondered what could have provoked such a tirade. These days, the idea that he, a Tellerite right-winger, was enraged that the show had an effect on Reagan makes sense.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 14, 2024 20:11
675:

I attended a symposium

It was one of the AAS Classified Military Space Symposia. At the time I possessed the rather modest clearance needed to attend. Perhaps they kept a record of the proceedings.

https://astronautical.org/about/history/

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 14, 2024 20:18
676:

Howard NYC @ 615:

my gut check: pack a lunch and switch legs every two minutes and take a walk around every ten to offset strain on other joints

remember: you are not just pumping in air into a flat tire, you are lifting the entire fracking car/truck/levitan a fraction of an inch with each pump-stroke

if you have a jack, relieve the load on that side of the vehicle... if no jack, consider placing three similarly sized rocks in front of the other three tires then driving atop... but only if ultra safe... intent being to relieve the load bearing down on flat tire

And that's not even considering "Can you pump air into the flat tire faster than it can leak out?"1

I've done it on a roadside ONE TIME after patching a tube, which involved getting the spare tire (or possibly tyre, since it was on an MGB) out of the boot, realizing the spare was flat too, and fortunately having the tools & a patch kit to get the tube out, patch it & reinsert the tube.

I had one of those stand-up floor pumps where you can get your back into it.

Took several hours to bring it up to pressure and after I got the tire back on the car, I was barely able to walk ... but did manage to crawl into an auto parts store & buy one of those electric pumps that plugs into the not-a-cigarette-lighter sockets

(... also made damn sure to get BOTH tires into a shop to be repaired so I wouldn't get stuck with a flat tire and no spare again).

1 Last time I had a flat tire it was half-way up a mountain & NOT a level spot where I could safely change it. I used the electric pump to air the tire up & drove down the mountain until I could find a more-or-less level spot where I felt safe jacking the car up & changing the tire.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 20:46
677:

Charlie Stross @ 631:

"Why would Netanyahu continue the war once Gaza is populated only by Israelis?"

The Gaza war is nothing to do with lebensraum and everything to do with distracting the Israeli public from going after Netanyahu with pitchforks and torches for allowing October 7th to happen in the first place.

IIRC, Netanyahu is also under indictment for financial crimes and can't be prosecuted while he remains in office and just before the current Gaza war he was right on the verge of losing his majority?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 20:55
678:

Charlie Stross @ 632:

"Sending a working star probe even a light year is something we don’t know how to do."

That's what the DARPA hundred year starship symposia in 2010-2015 was chewing over. Nobody knows how to do it, but let's get a bunch of folks from different disciplines into a conference hotel for a weekend to probe one anothers' ignorance and hope to strike some sparks.

What became clear was that the challenges of sending a small robot probe as far as proxima centauri within a century (so, 4.25 light years) are beyond daunting with today's technology, or even anything we can envisage developing by 2100 or thereabouts. Never mind slowing it down at the other end, and having it send data back.

Did they at least come up with some sort of list of problems that have to be solved before it would become possible?

I'm expecting any such list would be woefully incomplete for identifying all of the problems, but at least it would be a start towards developing ideas.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 14, 2024 21:01
679:

Ever try to pump up a queen-size air matress with a bicycle pump?

Yes, I did blow it up with my lungs. Once. NEVER again.

 Bobh | June 14, 2024 21:37
680:

@ 631 Why would Netanyahu continue the war once Gaza is populated only by Israelis?" I wonder how much is still driven by the "God Gave Us This Land"ideology.

I worked on a development project with a "Jew for Jesus" and a group of Lubavitchers who constantly said that. Have lost track of them, but, seriously, if the Bible said it, it must be so.

Turns out that the biblical justification is an early version of fake news. The Book of Joshua (you know, the walls of Jericho came tumbling down..) was constructed myth: "The story of Jericho and the rest of the conquest represents the nationalist propaganda of the Kingdom of Judah and their claims to the territory of the Kingdom of Israel after 722 BCE;[3]". "...the strong consensus among scholars is that the Book of Joshua holds little historical value.[17]". https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Jericho.

To my friends, that didn't matter. It was the truth they wanted.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Bobh | June 14, 2024 22:08
681:

That link doesn't work - this one will. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Battle_of_Jericho

No indication of any walls falling, etc. And I really love that God - "killed every man and woman of any age". Massacre.

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 14, 2024 23:06
682:

The Gaza war is nothing to do with lebensraum and everything to do with distracting the Israeli public

The cruelty is the point?

To me that sounds as though Netanyahu et al are convinced that no-one is going to hold them accountable no matter what they do. I think he should take a long hard look at countries that recognise Palestine, and countries that are members of the ICJ and ICC, and the career of Pinochet. Maybe and also think about what he's doing to people who serve in the IDF. Australia is obliged by our ICC membership to prosecute Australians who commit war crimes in Palestine but currently declines to do so. Will they always?

One concerning to me factoid is that in Australia The Greens are apparently losing votes because of their opposition to genocide. But I haven't been able to find the source of that, from what I could see there's no "why" in the poll, it was just a "how would you vote today" type thing.

Primary votes were 39% Coalition (up two), 33% Labor (down one), 11% Greens (down two), 7% One Nation (steady) and 10% for all Others (up one). The drop for the Greens will be attributed to their stance on Gaza, but other polls below have the Greens at around 14%.

Note the lovely passive language. The author is not attributing anything, they just know that others will. All very deniable.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 00:30
683:

eventually the UK's Threads (1984 BBC teevee film) made it to public television (pbs) [1] for a single broadcast...

...then there's The War Game (1966 British fictional documentary film) never seemed to have reached the US

"optimistic" in the context of nuclear war being defined as a decidedly low bar... you had enough to eat today...

also Threads had a timeframe of decades showing bits 'n pieces of a family's lives whereas The Day After is just a couple days... that criticism is incomplete since it seems 'optimistic' because the longer term is never shown

an optimistic shitstorm is never a good moment

====

[1] for non-USA folk that's the closest thing to BBC high brow content we have... indeed much of BBC content was acquired for broadcast for decades

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 01:05
684:

two drunks in a bar get into an argument and are egged on by bored clientele into brawling

neither guy wants it but their status in this circle of peers-friends-neighbors and that skinful of beer prevents 'em from being the first to take one step back...

Reagan had on multiple occasions ignored the wishes of the majority to implement policies in keeping with his political agenda... in 1983 the notion of a nuke swap was too abstract for most folk...

whereas the hype after TDA was broadcast offered a face saving moment to step back

as with so much else happening at the highest levels we will never know what drives decision making such as easing off ultra-hawk posturing...

to repeat my point: on this timeline we did not swap nukes

thus far... not yet... hopefully Putin's successor[1] will be less inclined towards saber rattling and bragging about how many buckets of "instant sunshine" he can toss over the fence to ruin a neighbor's picnic

so let's all hope for sooner rather than later Putin is laid to rest next to Lenin

====

[1] widely leaked report from autopsy of Putin's bullet riddled corpse will rule it "natural causes"... which amongst throne seeking sociopaths is indeed an outcome rooted in their nature

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 01:40
685:

"in 1983 the notion of a nuke swap was too abstract for most folk"

Yer wot? In 1948, possibly. After 1949, no.

I find that a particularly odd comment to read on a site where the principal common interest is SF. How many 50s-era SF stories have we all read which are set quite often round about now, about the few remaining humans struggling to survive in the radioactive wasteland (often full of mutants) which is all that's left after the US and the USSR have nuked each other? Not to mention "On The Beach", which I suppose is technically SF but is a mainstream novel really, by a major mainstream author too. Heck, it's got to be a mainstream novel, my mum bought it.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 01:43
686:

"widely leaked report from autopsy of Putin's bullet riddled corpse will rule it "natural causes"... which amongst throne seeking sociopaths is indeed an outcome rooted in their nature"

"Well, assassination is natural causes for a king." (Nanny Ogg)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 02:59
687:

once again I failed to fully express a concept... my bad choice in words

in this case, the notion of a nuclear war was known and accepted and feared much as shark attacks offshore of summertime beaches but nobody (near-zero) had first hand experience...

but it was abstracted and if asked, folks would shrug off their own slow miserable deaths by assuming it would be someone else... if 10% were going to die, everyone assumes they'd be in the 90% survivor demographic... it is always a shock when death comes for folk who never expected it to ever be them... what we saw a lot during the worst days of covid as weeping patients tried via staticky vid calls to say good bye to next of kin and/or urge others not to be as stupid as they had been

TDA made it personal and bloodcurlingly immediate

also everyone had the assumption, a rather flawed assumption they could indeed die but they'd be at ground zero and thus not endure more than a milli-second of suffering... slow lingering death of radiation roasting from breathing in fallout from a city a hundred miles away was not something many understood till they saw it

unchallenged assumption<: cities would be lit up to a thousand degrees, millions would die, and then after the mushroom clouds faded away, those not killed would survive under stress-filled conditions... but deaths would be few 'n far between

TDA challenged that assumption

 Pigeon replied to this comment from kiloseven | June 15, 2024 03:32
688:

"Any wired phone on the Public Switched Telephone Network anywhere on this planet will allow dialing by flashing the hookswitch, the button(s) depressed when the handset goes back into the cradle of the phone. The term was well known to phone phreakers worldwide, as my discussions with fellow phreakers planetwide confirms."

That a piece of the internal jargon originated by a group of US nerds became used worldwide among the diaspora of said nerds does not refute its being a piece of US-specific vocabulary. It's an American word being carried around the world by speakers of American.

It's not just US vocabulary, it's US use of language. If pressing a button makes a light flash somewhere, we might invent jargon terms based on "flashing a light", but we wouldn't invent jargon terms based on "flashing a button", because it doesn't make sense. The verb ("flash") does not refer to a thing that you can do to the object ("button"), so we don't say it.

(Unless the thing we are using "flash" to refer to is "exposing to view for a sudden brief glimpse", which it obviously can't be in this case to begin with, and even if it was referring to that it would only be meaningful if the "button" was the one in the middle of your belly.)

We did have phones that looked like that but only at a time when hardly anyone had a phone at all, and at that time phones didn't have dials. The way you used those phones was to pick up the receiver (earpiece), and joggle the bracket (the thing on the side you hang the receiver on when you're not using it) up and down, which would let the operator know you were waiting to speak to them. When they answered you, you then asked them for the number you wanted ("Fellside, seven five... No... Not nine... FIVE. F for fool. I for idiot...") and hope they connected you before the fire got too big.

(That is an authentic representation, written at the time, of how ordinary British people naturally speak about this matter.)

 David L replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 04:02
689:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Acad%C3%A9mie_Fran%C3%A7aise

 Tier2Tech | June 15, 2024 04:54
690:

When I said "small spare tire for an American Monstrosity up to 80psi"... That's what I meant. Not a commercial truck, but a 4000+ lb consumer vehicle. Maybe not made in America, but probably marketed for American buyers.

It does not have a full size spare tire. That's why I mentioned a small spare tire that is rated for 80psi. I wouldn't ever have to pump from 0, and I definitely wouldn't pump under weight of the vehicle. It is the spare tire. I fill it when filling the others, but I might not know it was too low when I really need it.

 David L replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 15, 2024 05:32
691:

That's what I meant. Not a commercial truck, but a 4000+ lb consumer vehicle.

Spare tires for such sized cars tend to be full sized and thus not at more than the mid 30s of PSI. And even if not, tend to be pressurized while "in the boot". I've not seen one that isn't. And if you have a bicycle pump that get do a bike tire then it can also do a car tire.

And the effort per pump is the same as for a bicycle tire. Only more pumpings required.

I'll ask two people I'll be around tomorrow. They both have mid sized SUVs Basically oversized sedans.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from David L | June 15, 2024 05:55
692:

I'm not going to argue with you about cars newer than the Canyonero, but I know what I have. It is a smaller spare

I wish this wasn't even a topic anymore, and I regret bringing it up now

 peter w replied to this comment from Moz | June 15, 2024 07:10
693:

They probably have looked at Pinochet. Despite everything he did the man lived out his life without facing any meaningful punishment. Even when he was reluctantly arrested by the UK gov. he got house arrest in a very nice (expensive at least) Surrey suburb while his allies in the UK conservative party fawned over him and worked for his release. The labour government, any one of whom he would have cheerfully had tortured to death himself, bent over backwards to get him out and the Spanish judge who prosecuted him suffered worse consequences from the attempt than Pinochet did. Does anyone seriously imagine that Bibi would suffer any worse when he loses power from the people who refuse to restrain him while he has it?

 Moz replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 15, 2024 07:47
694:

In terms of space, a small foot-operated pump is probably more useful. Bigger than a small bike pump but small than a bike floor pump. Also somewhat designed for the purpose, but I suspect you have looked and discovered that those only go up to 3 or 4 bar, not enough for your use. The other modern cheat, a lithium battery powered device may have the same issue - either a car one only good to 4 bar, or a bicycle one only good for half a tyre (plus the modern disadvantage that you don't know whether it will still work when you needit)

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 07:59
695:

Internet archive has The War Game.

 Uncle Stinky | June 15, 2024 08:02
696:

And in depressing but not entirely unsurprising news, Pentagon ran secret anti-vax campaign to undermine China during pandemic.

 Pixodaros replied to this comment from Bobh | June 15, 2024 08:19
697:

Some factions within the Israeli state seem to want to heat up the conflict with Hezbollah in Lebanon so they have a backup war in case the Gaza War ends. I can't tell you whether they will get their way, but that would be a way to both drive the Gazans into Egypt and continue the state of emergency in Israel.

 Greg Tingey | June 15, 2024 08:32
698:

Pigeon & others ...
I thought that the usual, correct phrase is: Lead poisoning isn't it?

 Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 10:10
699:

hmmm... this is your reminder to teach your children to tighten the nuts onto the bolts

https://www.youtube.com/shorts/LaZjQQBCs-Q

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from JohnS | June 15, 2024 11:49
700:

Did they at least come up with some sort of list of problems that have to be solved before it would become possible?

I believe they did, eventually. But it'll obviously be an incomplete list.

(Also, the list of unknowns relating to biology and life support is probably heavily packed with unknown-unknowns, that is, stuff we don't even know we don't know about yet (like, oh, the high energy cosmic ray problem back before the Apollo missions ventured outside the Van Allen belt which screens us from high energy cosmic rays). So stick to robot probes for now, and the first person to talk about frozen embryos and robot nannies gets pantsed.)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 15, 2024 12:05
701:

oh?

gotten a bit tired of it? humor gone flat? not feeling jacked up enough to continue?

{ makes a hasty exit stage left dodging rotten fruit }

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | June 15, 2024 12:08
702:

thanks... based upon wikpedia entry... this is nightmare fuel

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pixodaros | June 15, 2024 12:23
703:

population of Middle East approx 452 million; now imagine 2+ million refugees fleeing from Gaza Strip to any place where there's water-food-shelter;

just how unevenly distributed those randomly moving refugees will be?

for sure, Egypt and Lebanon and Syria, given proximity...

destabilizing of those nations

Q: is that the intent behind efforts at squeezing residents of Gaza into fleeing?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 12:26
704:

Q: what of DNA digitalized and etched upon diamond tablets? multiple copies?

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 15, 2024 13:04
705:

"I wish this wasn't even a topic anymore, and I regret bringing it up now"

It's only become a problem because you've been unnecessarily sparing with the information and what you have provided appears to contradict itself, so people can't be sure what you're really talking about and don't know if they're unwittingly giving you an answer that is going to turn out to be wrong when you actually come to use it. We want to be sure we aren't going to tell you something that results in you becoming stranded with a deflated spare tyre, but we can't. I'm confused in exactly the same way that David L is; it sounds like you've got a vehicle built by Moz for transcontinental haulage of iron ore by pedal power.

Either just give us the actual make and model of the vehicle in the language the manufacturer uses (and the spare too if they have different options), eg. "Ford Bellend 12.34 turbo diesel with the Cock-Ring spare", or give us the dimensional numbers off the side of the tyre (diameter-width-aspect) plus the specified inflation pressure in the vehicle's book of words. Then we can be sure that both ends are talking about the same thing so we're not going to accidentally fuck you up.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 13:09
706:

AARGH NO EDIT FUNCTION I got confused by thinking of the numbers on my own car's tyres which have the width in mm and the diameter in inches, for fuck's sake.

Make that "the dimensional numbers off the side of the tyre (WIDTH-DIAMETER-aspect)".

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from alantyson | June 15, 2024 13:17
707:

as another example of how fiction/myth/narrative can have a more outsized influence on actual policy than maybe we'd like

A number of technical reports have deliberately included fictional vignettes about imaginary characters because stories are how humans learn, and what we remember best. IIRC, we've discussed that a time or two on this blog.

Cohen & Stewart used that technique in Collapse of Chaos and Figments of Reality, as well as their Science of Discworld series.

Stories are easy to understand; easier than technical reports, certainly. Add in the visuals of a movie and you get an emotional impact and urgency that 'mere' data doesn't have. That's why one death is a tragedy, a million deaths a statistic. People remember the story long after they've forgotten the numbers.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Moz | June 15, 2024 13:54
708:

The cruelty is the point?

For some of them, exactly right.

Once Eretz Yisrael is officially arab-free, who will the ultra-orthodox oppress next? Women who don't cover their hair? (Yes, I know that that already happens and the police do nothing more than say "you shouldn't have walked in this neighbourhood".)

To me that sounds as though Netanyahu et al are convinced that no-one is going to hold them accountable no matter what they do.

And there's form for believing that. Has any Israeli governmental leader ever been held accountable for Israeli actions?

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 14:02
709:

Wel, we’re a bit limited for a 100 year probe. The equipment on Voyager is holding up surprisingly well, but it has to be rebooted from Earth on occasion. That won’t be possible on an interstellar probe, so….

I have no clue how to make or work with carbon isotope memory, so I’d have to see how rugged the read/write system was before I’d believe it could fly.

I suppose DNA is a good, rugged information storage material, but cells are not. So to use it, you’d have to come up with a system to work with it that works at interstellar temperatures. That should be fun.

What’s left? Digital mechanical computing a la the Clock of the Long Now? That’s a thought, send a cuckoo clock to the stars…

On the good side….i have to remember where I saw it in conjunction with ‘Oumuamua, but an expert on interstellar ice believes that the radiation environment out there slowly frees the hydrogen from water ice. If so, one schtick would be to clad the interstellar probe with ice and a way to collect hydrogen as it is released. It might be possible to refuel thereby, while also providing some radiation shielding.

I’m just guessing that this is harder to d than it seems, assuming it’s correct. Presumably keeping the hydrogen collection system functioning would be an interesting challenge.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | June 15, 2024 14:08
710:

And in depressing but not entirely unsurprising news, Pentagon ran secret anti-vax campaign to undermine China during pandemic.

Well, that's OK because while the CIA isn't allowed to screw around with vaccination campaigns the Pentagon is under no such restrictions…

https://www.reuters.com/article/us-obama-cia/white-house-vows-cia-will-not-use-vaccine-programs-for-covert-ops-idUSBREA4J02E20140520/

In my more cynical moments I wonder if the byzantine nature of the American government (and its many agencies) is to provide plausible deniability and fool silly foreigners who think that just because they have a signed agreement with the government they have an actual agreement, because they don't realize that they need to get a dozen more signatures from various bodies as well as a law passed in East Podunk which by a quirk of history has jurisdiction over whatever-it-is the agreement covers.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 14:15
711:

For instance "385x22.5R70", or have I just got the wrong meaning of "truck"?

 David L | June 15, 2024 14:15
712:

I'm confused in exactly the same way that David L is

Maybe.

My point(s):

I've not seen a hand piston with long rod air pump for anything but sports balls in years.

All of the pumps for more serious things have been a step on this small pedal and that works the piston. Which is MUCH easier to do than the arm muscle pumps.

In the last 5 to 10 years most everyone has switched to battery pumps. At first not so fast. Now very fast. Anyone in the US who goes out on a boat or tubing or similar has one or a few. And most are sold by hand tool folks like Mikita and Ryobi so you can use the same batteries you already bought. And become an even more loyal customer. I have a couple or three and I toss them in the boot along with a couple of batteries and a slow charger "just in case".

Spare tires from the factory come in most US cars over the smaller sized ones. And past the basic sedan size they tend to be full sized tires. And either way they do not need inflating at point of use. At least not that I've seen.

The effort to manually pump up a bicycle tire (tyre) to 80psi is the same per pump as a car tyre. Just more pumping. But that's not so bad these days with the step on pump setups.

And if the original statement was meant to be a snark about oversized US autos, well so be it. But the way it was done seems to have not been based on reality.

Personally I know many people with monster SUVs who have no reason to own them except to feel like if in an accident they will be the least damaged person. I think they are nuts. But don't yell in their face about it. As I've said before my day to day car is a 1.5L Honda civic is decently small. My secondary vehicle is a 5.7L truck that gets about 10% of the miles of the household as it only gets used when needed. As in the next hour when I go to pickup some 4'x8'x3/4" (1220x2440x18mm) plywood. And there is just no way in the Civic.

 David L replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 15, 2024 14:23
713:

For instance "385x22.5R70", or have I just got the wrong meaning of "truck"?

My Civic Sedan uses 215/50 R17
And my Tundra truck uses 255/70 R18

Both are inflated to around 32 or 34. I'd have to go out and look on the door jam sticker.

Note the Civic uses the large diameter tires to reduce rolling resistance and thus increase the gas mileage.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 15, 2024 14:46
714:

I’m even more cynical than you, I’m afraid.

Since the Pentagon’s finances are so notoriously opaque that it’s audit-proof, I’ve come to the conclusion that this is a feature, not a bug. What I think they’re doing, among other things, include:

—kneecapping Congressional oversight. In theory, programs are funded by the year. In practice….Congressional politics are a problem. Originally I suspect that the DoD was trying to protect itself from Vietnam blowback. Now it probably thinks democrats are the sane ones. But given Russian interference, I can see why they want to try to keep Congress from disassembling the DoD. I kind of don’t think this is a good thing, either, not that my opinion matters.

—Various and sundry little financial empires. Presumably they’re run by people who could give Milo Minderbender a graduate education.

—protecting themselves from FinWar attacks? Hard to tell whether they’ve created a financial swamp that bogs down Russian and oligarchic attacks. Or colludes with them. Or both.

Anyway, promoting Antivaxxing is ripe for blowback, no matter when or how it’s done, so hopefully someone vaguely responsible gets hung out to dry.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 14:47
715:

Yeah, could someone save us from the people who defend us?

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 15:11
716:

No point etching DNA onto diamond; DNA is a medium, not an encoding, so by drawing it on a more durable medium you are simply getting the ordinary durability of that more durable medium, not any kind of extra improvement on top. (Well there is a very minor degree of extra, but it's from factors which are present kind of accidentally, and you can get far better results using those factors by deliberately designing them in.)

DNA is really an unusually bad medium for long-term data storage because the entropy barrier to flipping a bit is designed to be low (yes I know but it makes it so much easier to talk about); it has to be manipulated by low-energy biochemistry that can only muster up a comparatively small entropy change per reaction, so if the barrier is too high the DNA would be as immutable from the organism's point of view as ROM is from a computer's, and we now know organisms/evolution don't work like that. We have only found examples of it lasting 150 million years because there has been oh so tremendously huge a number of instances scattered around the place over the history of the planet that sooner or later we're bound to find a bit that happened to end up in some place that protects it so amazingly well it did manage to last that long, and we haven't found examples of anything else lasting that long because there isn't anything else from that long ago to find in the first place.

To maximise the height of the barrier (durability of medium) you do best by going for sheer size. If you represent a bit using a big chunk of metal or rock which you make either long and thin or squat and flat, you have a vastly higher entropy barrier against changing it from one to the other than is possible for methods like changing the shape of a molecule or swapping defects/heteroatoms/isotopes in a crystal lattice. But of course your storage device is then a huge great clumsy thing.

To maximise the chance of being able to understand data from a medium that hasn't survived perfectly (durability of encoding) you need to use an encoding that records a given sequence of bits as a pattern of changes in the medium which is good at telling you where it's wrong and how to put it right. That sounds weird because it is weird and working out how best to do it is a lot of heavy maths. (Having multiple copies is a subset of this aspect.)

How to balance these factors against each other and against other things like your capabilities and resources is unfortunately not really something that we can discuss on this blog and get any answer that is meaningful for actual serious purposes, because it's just too bloody complicated. I've got a book about that sort of thing (relating to different desired outcomes, but the fundamental topic is the same) - it is full of mathematics, because it has to be, and it's pretty brain-melting stuff with a fair number of highly non-intuitive aspects.

We can certainly get somewhere useful in SF terms, though, since "has to look plausibly like an optimal solution to a knowledgeable reader" is a far looser constraint than "has to really work". So for instance I find heteroatoms in a diamond lattice a useful idea for a durable medium, because it does make it possible to get a high entropy barrier in comparison with other methods that operate on that kind of scale, it's dense enough that you can use massive duplication as an easily-understood means of increasing the durability of the encoding, it's already possible with known technology, and the idea of immense numbers of altered diamond crystals carried on spaceships or scattered around planets is pretty cool and makes for some attractive imagery.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 15, 2024 15:23
717:

"I suppose DNA is a good, rugged information storage material"

No, it isn't - see above: it's a distinctly non-rugged one, it has to be for biochemical and evolutionary reasons; living organisms run error-checking-and-correction/deletion processes on it to achieve a useful level of overall robustness; it doesn't matter if it gets corrupted once the organism is dead, and the reason we do find incredibly ancient examples that still work is a statistical consequence of massive, massive duplication and distribution.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 15:37
718:

thanks... based upon wikpedia entry... this is nightmare fuel

"The War Game" is basically why the UK gave up on civil defense after 1972 (at the latest).

The UK is geographically compact and roughly 90% of the population (some 50 million people, back then) lived in roughly 120,000km^2 (actual land area of UK is 240,000km^2, but about half to two-thirds of that is Northern Ireland, Wales, and the Scottish Highlands, with a combined population of maybe 10% of the total). That's about the area of Pennsylvania, but with the population of California crammed into it.

Now bear in mind the UK was within range of Soviet tactical weapons -- short-range bombers and missiles -- of which the USSR had 3x to 5x as many as they had strategic weapons. And that the UK was NATO's unsinkable aircraft carrier in the Atlantic, and the supply convoys in event of WW3 would be heading from the US eastern seaboard to British ports before moving on to the continental theatre.

As of 1972, they expected about a third of the population to die, and another third to be wounded, within the first hour of a war with the USSR. And 90% death within six months. The UK hasn't been self-sufficient in foodstuffs since the Napoleonic wars, and would face agricultural collapse in the wake of a nuclear attack (no more fuel for the agricultural tractors, disrupted logistics to prevent food distribution, high level fallout blanketing farmland, and so on).

The phrase "the survivors will envy the dead" was quite applicable.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 15, 2024 15:38
719:

Sure, I'd guess that tyre was off a truck, and some of the domestic vehicles I've seen in American movies etc look like they might take a tyre that big.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 15, 2024 15:46
720:

The equipment on Voyager is holding up surprisingly well, but it has to be rebooted from Earth on occasion. That won’t be possible on an interstellar probe, so….

Actually, we're a lot better as designing fault-tolerant computing systems than we used to be. And don't underestimate the importance of lessons learned from the Voyager missions, which have now been running for nearly 47 years.

The Voyager flight computers were incredibly austere by modern standards -- about as powerful as a Commodore 64, but slower. And weight constraints meant they could only shove one CPU on each probe. Today we can make processors arbitrarily small, which is not necessarily a great idea for ruggedization ... but we can also cram a whole gang of them together and organize them to monitor each other, use watchdog timers to schedule hard resets if they stop responding, do all the memory self-test and remapping stuff internally using redundant hardware, and so on.

A 100YSS computer wouldn't bear much resemblance to your current laptop or smartphone, either in weight or architecture -- it'd be a lot less performant and have a lot of esoteric error-correction features -- but I'm pretty sure we could develop a machine that would have a credible chance of running for a century, or even five to ten of them, in a high radiation cryogenic vacuum environment.

It won't run Windows or macOS or Android, though, or indeed anything most people would recognize.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 16:42
721:

all these steps are heavy on the hand waving and assumptions of tech we are not yet clear how to build never mind embedding into an interstellar vehicle ...

digitalize the DNA for humans, plants, etc...

upon arrival the zero's and one's are fed into a synthesizer which recreates each species DNA... which is then introduced to an artificial womb in here each fetus develops to full term... decanted... raised by robotic nannies

yeah lots of handwaving

but potentially means of avoiding radiation damaging fragile DNA molecules

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 16:52
722:

»A 100YSS computer wouldn't bear much resemblance to your current laptop or smartphone«

The people designing it would probably spend a lot of time reading old BSTJ articles about the ESS computers used in the first "stored program telephone switches"

As far as I know, some of them still hold the top-N in the uptime-stakes.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from David L | June 15, 2024 17:03
723:

"I've not seen a hand piston with long rod air pump for anything but sports balls in years."

Really? That's a standard bicycle pump to me. I've got one. I could pop down town right now and buy another one. (Unless the bicycle shop has gone bust in the last few years - I haven't been that way for a while.)

It works fine for inflating my bicycle tyres. I agree about the ergonomic advantages of other formats (at least if they are designed to express them; if they're not, they can turn the advantage negative). But the internal volume of a bicycle tyre is (estimating) only a single-digit multiple of the swept volume of the standard hand pump; it takes (I've counted) <100 strokes to pressurise the tyre, which isn't enough for the ergonomic suboptimality to become really significant.

I have used one for a motor tyre, but although the pressure is lower the volume is so much larger that both the user and the pump itself need several rest and maintenance breaks and both are knackered afterwards, and the adaptor tube that connects the pump to the valve may even fail terminally and need replacement. It is viable-ish as a move of desperation but no more than that.

I have seen electric pumps with their own batteries on sale but I'm not sure that many people are using the serious ones such as you describe, although we do have them. People do use Christmas cracker ones that run on torch batteries and basically just shift volume for inflating airbeds and other beach/water toy things, because they're cheap and easy, they're the sort of cheap-shit electrics people are happy to take on the beach because you don't have to care much if they get ruined by sand and salt water, and it's no more than a nuisance if they do pack up on you, but they aren't what you meant - they're made for toys, they are basically toys themselves, and toys are all they can cope with.

For proper pumps that can handle car tyres as normal business the popular choice is an electric pump that runs off the car's battery, because the advantage of one that uses its own proper rechargeable battery is not usually big enough to make it worth paying the extra money. I can foresee it maybe becoming worth it for me at some point, but I don't think my body's deteriorated quite that far yet.

"And either way they [spares] do not need inflating at point of use"

They don't in the sense that they are always inflated when they are first put in the car, but they tend to stay there for years and years with the owner never checking them ("check all the tyres including the spare" is pre-test driving instruction content, but nobody ever bothers), and I've come across loads of cars where the spare has gone down over the years and could not be used (at all) if you didn't inflate it.

"215/50 R17 ... 255/70 R18"

Oh dear... there's another shark watching out for the arse of a transatlantic conversation swimming past. Paws and I are used to width-diameter-aspect; you appear to be used to width-aspect-diameter. With specific examples the funny numbers make it obvious what's happened, but it looks like my attempt to describe the labelling by format to Tier2Tech still fails despite my correction.

And I see that you do (now?) get the same stupid bit of confusion that we do of the width being in mm and the diameter in inches. I thought you'd stayed with having them both in inches, like we used to until some bell did a half-arsed job of the metrication. Fortunately we are now finishing the job and going back to having consistent units again (both metric, now), but it's taken so long for that to begin to happen that the confusion is still going to be around long after it's been finished.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 17:12
724:

Ah, now you're talking about a different problem - one based around what happens after the data has got to the other end - and describing Charlie's reasons for excluding it :)

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 17:48
725:

Janet Kagan had an interesting take on that one.

https://reactormag.com/kangaroo-rex-janet-kagans-mirabile/

 Mr. Tim | June 15, 2024 17:54
726:

Have you ever actually tried to pump up an automobile tire with a bicycle pump?

Yes, BTDT. On a '68 Buick (big tires). However, I just got the tire inflated enough so I could get it to the service station to inflate the rest of the way. Got an electric pump for $11 at a K-Mart blue light special shortly afterwards.

About inflating "toys" (beach/pool stuff) and air mattresses. I got a small wet/dry vac as a hand me down, and I figured out that it can be used to both blow up floats quickly, and to deflate them at the end of the season. Doing so removes all the air and the floats pack nearly as efficiently as when the were new. Saves a bit of space.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 18:54
727:

Pigeon @ 685:

""in 1983 the notion of a nuke swap was too abstract for most folk""

Yer wot? In 1948, possibly. After 1949, no.

I find that a particularly odd comment to read on a site where the principal common interest is SF. How many 50s-era SF stories have we all read which are set quite often round about now, about the few remaining humans struggling to survive in the radioactive wasteland (often full of mutants) which is all that's left after the US and the USSR have nuked each other? Not to mention "On The Beach", which I suppose is technically SF but is a mainstream novel really, by a major mainstream author too. Heck, it's got to be a mainstream novel, my mum bought it.

I remember reading (maybe back in the early 60s?) a Sci-Fi short story set in the 21st century about aliens who came to earth and the earthmen they came into contact with.

The earthmen were aghast at what these obviously superior alien civilization would think about our uncivilized past because we'd used atomic bombs against Hiroshima and Nagasaki

... and how terrible we were for having had a nuclear stalemate (cold war) since the end of that war.

The aliens invited some earthmen (nuclear scientists) to accompany them back to their home planet

... which it turned out had been engaged in a continuous nuclear war for a generation and they wanted the earthmen to teach them how to be as "uncivilized" as we were.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 19:15
728:

Pigeon @ 688:

"Any wired phone on the Public Switched Telephone Network anywhere on this planet will allow dialing by flashing the hookswitch, the button(s) depressed when the handset goes back into the cradle of the phone. The term was well known to phone phreakers worldwide, as my discussions with fellow phreakers planetwide confirms."

That a piece of the internal jargon originated by a group of US nerds became used worldwide among the diaspora of said nerds does not refute its being a piece of US-specific vocabulary. It's an American word being carried around the world by speakers of American.

Well, FWIW, the telephone was invented by a Scotsman living in Canada and working in Boston (Massachusetts, USA), so whose vocabulary do you think should have spread around the world along with the invention?

The concept & the technology existed in the U.K. and Europe, even if known by a different name ... register recall

"The term "flash" or "hook flash" is commonly used in North America, while in Europe a similar signal is referred to as a register-recall [2] or more commonly "Recall" or simply the "R" button. These signals perform similar functions, but are not necessarily identical."

... the main difference apparently being that exchanges in North America (which I again remind you includes nations OTHER THAN the U.S.) generally use a flash of 300ms to 1000ms duration and UK/European systems us a flash signal of 100ms to 120ms

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Gabelschlag.gif

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 19:20
729:

"in 1983 the notion of a nuke swap was too abstract for most folk"

Yer wot? In 1948, possibly. After 1949, no.

I find that a particularly odd comment to read on a site where the principal common interest is SF.

I think you just refuted your own puzzlement. "Most folk" in 1983 and earlier had no knowledge or interest in SF.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 15, 2024 19:33
730:

Tier2Tech @ 690:

When I said "small spare tire for an American Monstrosity up to 80psi"... That's what I meant. Not a commercial truck, but a 4000+ lb consumer vehicle. Maybe not made in America, but probably marketed for American buyers.

It does not have a full size spare tire. That's why I mentioned a small spare tire that is rated for 80psi. I wouldn't ever have to pump from 0, and I definitely wouldn't pump under weight of the vehicle. It is the spare tire. I fill it when filling the others, but I might not know it was too low when I really need it.

Commonly called a "donut spare" here in the U.S.

"• Many vehicles are provided with a "limited use" spare tire, also known as a "space-saver", temporary spare, "donut", or "compact" spare tire — in an attempt to reduce cost, lower the vehicle's weight, or conserve the space that would be needed for a full-size spare tire. Introduced in the late 1970s,[11] as of 2017, temporary spares come standard on 53 percent of 2017 models in the U.S.[12] A space-saver is typically 7 kg (15 lb) lighter than a full-sized wheel and in some cars the so-called 'space-saver' may actually save little to no space. There is also the difficulty of transporting the full-sized wheel and tire once the space-saver has been fitted. The spare is usually mounted on a plain steel rim.
They are typically smaller than the normal tires on the vehicle and can only be used for limited distances because of their short life expectancy and low speed rating. As well, due to the different size of a donut compared to regular wheel, electronic stability control and traction control systems will not operate properly and should be disabled until the original wheel is restored.[citation needed] Space saver spare tires could potentially compromise the braking (especially on cars not fitted with anti-lock brakes) and handling of the car.[13]"

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spare_tire

I recognized what you meant because they're the only tires I'm familiar with that are inflated to 80psi. Regular (full-size) spare tires are inflated to the same tire pressure as the other tires on the vehicle.

You have my deepest sympathy if you ever have to pump one up using a bicycle pump.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 15, 2024 19:47
731:

Tier2Tech @ 692:

I'm not going to argue with you about cars newer than the Canyonero, but I know what I have. It is a smaller spare

I wish this wasn't even a topic anymore, and I regret bringing it up now

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI_Jl5WFQkA

FWIW, the Canyonero came with a full size spare tire ... as do most other "American Monstrosities". 😏

The donut spares are a feature of mid-size & economy cars.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Pixodaros | June 15, 2024 19:59
732:

Pixodaros @ 697:

Some factions within the Israeli state seem to want to heat up the conflict with Hezbollah in Lebanon so they have a backup war in case the Gaza War ends. I can't tell you whether they will get their way, but that would be a way to both drive the Gazans into Egypt and continue the state of emergency in Israel.

Seems like they have a willing accomplice in Iran.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 15, 2024 20:38
733:

Troutwaxer @ 715:

Yeah, could someone save us from the people who defend us?

Who, in turn, will defend us from those determined to save us?

 dpb replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 20:55
734:

My money would be on a distributed system in a box with individual nodes running something we would recognise. No need to reinvent too many wheels at once.

The Erlang people have been building fault tolerant distributed software for years. The title of this one gives an idea of the ambition.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cNICGEwmXLU

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 21:20
735:

Sheesh, it seems that some people haven’t heard about radiotrophic fungi ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Radiotrophic_fungus ) or about Deinococcus radiodurans ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deinococcus_radiodurans ). Life finds a way to deal with extremes, mostly with redundancy.

Thing is, a century to go five light years is still .05 C, which is still faster than we know how to make macroscopic systems go.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 21:37
736:

Pigeon @ 723:

"215/50 R17 ... 255/70 R18"

Oh dear... there's another shark watching out for the arse of a transatlantic conversation swimming past. Paws and I are used to width-diameter-aspect; you appear to be used to width-aspect-diameter. With specific examples the funny numbers make it obvious what's happened, but it looks like my attempt to describe the labelling by format to Tier2Tech still fails despite my correction.

And I see that you do (now?) get the same stupid bit of confusion that we do of the width being in mm and the diameter in inches. I thought you'd stayed with having them both in inches, like we used to until some bell did a half-arsed job of the metrication. Fortunately we are now finishing the job and going back to having consistent units again (both metric, now), but it's taken so long for that to begin to happen that the confusion is still going to be around long after it's been finished.

I'm not sure why that should be confusing, because AFAIK, we got it from you.

That's the Euro-Metric tire specification. The U.S. can on occasion adopt a standard promulgated by another government ... when it makes sense to do so.

AFAIK, it's been used here in the U.S. since at least the early 80s. That's when I first remember seeing tires labeled that way (may have been before that, but that's the earliest I remember it).

Radial tires were introduced in the U.S. in the mid-70s and got a boost in popularity during the Arab Oil Embargo (because they could increase gas mileage). I believe they became mandatory as standard equipment in 1982.

Actually those should be 215/50R17 (no space) ... 215mm tread width, section height (the rubber part of the tire) is 50% of the tread width, 107.5mm and it's made to fit a 17" (431.8mm) diameter wheel. The tire mounted on the wheel will be 646.8mm or 25.46456692913386 inches in diameter (the only number you need to remember is 24.4 - the number of millimeters in an inch).

... and 255/70R18 - 255mm tread width; 178.5mm section height (x2 = 357mm) and a 18" (x25.4 = 457.2mm)diameter wheel, for a mounted diameter of (357+457.2) 814.2mm or 32.05511811023622 inches.

Fifty or Sixty "profile" tires usually require a deeper (thicker) wheel.

Oh, and the 'R' means it's a Radial tire rather than bias ply ...

Now if you want to know WHY the Europeans chose a mixed standard (millimeters AND inches), I can't help you. You'll have to ask the Europeans.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 21:38
737:

"What became clear was that the challenges of sending a small robot probe as far as proxima centauri within a century (so, 4.25 light years) are beyond daunting with today's technology...":

Did they consider laser sails? That's almost doable today.

 Keithmasterson | June 15, 2024 21:50
738:

Well I recently finished Cory Doctorow's two Martin Hench novels, seems he's borrowing the Travis McGee trope of an investigator with unconventional housing arrangements. He's not the first writer to modify McGee's houseboat, Jim Rockford went sleuthing from a trailer on the beach too. Cory puts his guy in a repurposed rockstar tour bus from which he ventures to track  down lost fortunes, using forensic accounting methods to unmask corporate malfeasance and tech- bro fraudsters, dispensing social commentary and life lessons as he goes, since he's well into his sixties. Like McGee he only works the minimum necessary to pursue private interests between jobs, and much to my enjoyment does a lot of reading during slack periods, sharing book recommendations such as Steven Brust's fantasy series and James Gleick's works on chaos and information.

The local library had these books, so I started with Gleick's "The Information: a History, a Theory, a Flood" and got to a part on the Turing Test about guessing who is or isn't an A. I., which I quote here:

"Turing offers up some imagined questions and answers: Q:  Please write me a sonnet on the subject of the Forth Bridge. A:  Count me out on this one. I never could write poetry."

My improved version would have been:

A: I don't even know what a sonnet is, maybe I could try a limerick, how's that. Q: That'll be fine, I guess? A: The Firth of Forth needed a crossing      So designs back and forth they were tossing      Engineers oft derided      But never decided      Their plan needs a man good at bossing.

The woke formulation would have been SOMEONE good at bossing but without emphasis on both syllables it doesn't scan right.

And I couldn't think of a rhyme to express Victoria's sorrow at the mass casualties, when a bridge failure derailed a train into the Firth in actual history.

Rejected stanzas: Back and forth to the Firth                          Sally forth to the north                           From the first to the fourth                            There's a dearth at the Firth     

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 15, 2024 21:50
739:

The problem with a laser sail is aiming the laser at any reasonable distance. For instance, tagging a sail that’s a mile in diameter from 1AU away (93 million miles ish) means you have to be accurate to a tiny fraction of a second of arc. Not counting beam dispersion.

Then you’ve also got to worry about what Chuckles McVamos, laser sharpshooter, wants to shoot at when he’s done booting probes. Flyby lasik surgery maybe? Mosquito control from orbit? High energy extortion?

It looks like STL warp drives are increasingly in the realm of possibility. So personally I’d bet on those.

 Pixodaros replied to this comment from JohnS | June 15, 2024 21:54
740:

Before 7 October, N. had almost built an alliance of Sunni Arab states plus the USA against Iran and its allies. The idea was that the Arabs would provide money and bases, Israel would provide some of the bombing, and the USA would provide mass and muscle. One of Hamas' goals on 7 October was probably to break that alliance by getting Israeli forces to do horrible things to Arabs on camera.

The current US-Iranian conflict is another legacy of president Dubya, invading Iraq and hinting that Iran was next on the list caused the Iranian government to take what they considered defensive measures like supporting Iraqi insurgents and expanding their nuclear program.

 Grant replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 15, 2024 21:55
741:

Wasn't that after the release of 2001, Star Wars, Alien, Superman, Star Trek, Logan's Run, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, the Day the Earth Stood Still, Flash Gordon, Dr Who, Planet of the Apes, Mad Max, On The Beach and Bladerunner? Science fiction was busy going mainstream - it was great.

There wasn't an internet and people had to read to gain information - no spoon fed youtube videos - but most tolerably intelligent people knew if the nukes start flying you will die, sooner or later. People might be vague on the detail but with Russia run by geriatric nutters they knew perfectly well to be very frightened.

I recall moving into a flat that faced toward a city centre in 1981 and knowing there was no point worrying about radiation and fallout as the overpressure wave going through from a good sized airburst was going to rupture my lungs anyway if the Russians dropped one.

Then as now there is/was a chunk of the population who are/were more interested in football, celebrities and just making ends meet who don't want to think about WWIII and their children dying horribly in 3 minutes time.

The thing to bear in mind is that just because someone is old enough to remember JFK being assassinated (I was watching Top Cat/Boss Cat) it doesn't mean they lived in some sort of ignorant pre-civilisation.

 Grant | June 15, 2024 22:02
742:

Apologies previous message should have been for Howard...

 Greg Tingey | June 15, 2024 22:27
743:

KeithMasterson
Well, that's a LOT better than the dreaded McGonagall's version!

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 15, 2024 22:38
744:

Uhuh!

Crossply tyres were sized in inches, decimal fractions for width and whole numbers for wheel size. For example 4.1x10 for a (real) Mini.
Radials were sized in mixed units for the highly practical reason that it became instantly obvious if some fitted a crossply and a radial to a single "axle" because the radial would be 135R10 for the same Mini, and there was no need to change the wheel size because the tyres were being made so that either type would fit the same wheel.

 Robby replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 15, 2024 23:09
745:

I think something along the lines of FPGAs would be good for your interstellar probe computer. Lots of them, with an awful lot of clever error correction stuff built in. A few gates got fried? Route around them. Scientists on earth want to completely reconfigure the computer after a few decades? Send up the new configuration. Generally, design to be redundant, not rugged. Shielding is heavy. Rugged means a low transistor count. Easier to design so that you can lose 99% of your transistors, anywhere, and still complete the mission. Parallels with cheap drones versus expensive aircraft.

 Pixodaros replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 15, 2024 23:14
746:

If Israel forces the Gazans into Egypt, that probably rules out an alliance with Egypt against Iran, but to some people that alliance is just business and ethnic cleansing is God's Will or the National Destiny. I expect that POTUS has told the Israelis what he would do if they try to force the Gazans out, but a US election is coming and Former Guy did not sign that diplomatic note.

 Keithmasterson | June 15, 2024 23:39
747:

McGonagal's version

So painful to read

It must have inspired A. Turing, indeed

He thought a machine could improve on the worst

Of historical poems so horribly versed

 Moz | June 16, 2024 00:04
748:

https://www.theregister.com/2024/06/11/uk_and_canada_23andme_probe/

The data protection watchdogs of the UK and Canada are teaming up to hunt down the facts behind last year's 23andMe data breach.

The two-dog wolfpack of the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada (OPC) will look at whether the biotech biz's breach caused any customer harm, whether the appropriate safeguards were in place to prevent the incident, and if they were adequately candid with regulators at the time.

Does anyone here want to take a wild stab in the dark about the outcome of this inquiry? Aside from the "evidently not" answer to whether the data was adequately guarded, I think it's safe to guess that there was harm, the guards were lax, but they compensated with lies.

... 23andMe also took the curious step of blaming their own customers' poor security habits for allowing the breach to unfold

"if you let us have your data of course it's going to leak...

 Moz replied to this comment from Pixodaros | June 16, 2024 00:23
749:

The current US-Iranian conflict

I think that's the key. There's no "Iran invades Israel" (or vice versa) going on. Iran is less involved in Palestine than the USA is, and has much less influence over the conflict. Think about how much control the USA has over Israeli "settlers". Now ask how Iran could have more control over people in Palestine. Obviously refusing to supply weapons is out of the question (how's Biden been going with that one, anyway?)

A lot of people are confused by US and Israeli propaganda because dissenting voices, especially Iranian but more generally Arab voices, are being suppressed. Look at BDS in the USA, for example. Free to put their arguments? Arab reaction in some ways mirrors that of Jews outside Israel: they're horrified by the violence, they're horrified by the support for that violence from countries like the US, UK and Australia, and they support efforts to stop it. But if it can't be stopped (as is obviously the case), they support the targets of that violence when they fight back. Much as "we" support Ukraine when they fight back.

On that note, a lot of people have contrasted the US and allies response to war crimes charges against Putin to ditto with Netanyahu. There are a lot of really obvious parallels, but the reaction to the charges has been very different.

 JHomes replied to this comment from Keithmasterson | June 16, 2024 00:23
750:

I take then you have read Godel, Escher, Bach, and especially the lisper from Forth.

If not, you should.

JHomes.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 00:44
751:

Re: '.. eventually the UK's Threads (1984 BBC teevee film) made it to public television (pbs) [1] for a single broadcast...'

Threads was a very good movie; it often felt like a documentary. I still feel its impact ... I will never watch it again.

William Anders (one of the Apollo 8 astronauts) recently passed away and while his Wikipedia bio lists many accomplishments, for me his greatest gift was 'Earthrise'.

https://www.nasa.gov/image-article/earthrise-3/

Both of the above could be called 'art' and both had tremendous impact on the people who saw the movie or the photo.

Just did a search for 'Threads' and up popped articles about Meta's app answer to Twitter. Interesting: Zuckerberg was born in 1984, maybe he should watch the movie.

 SFReader replied to this comment from JHomes | June 16, 2024 00:58
752:

Re: 'Gödel, Escher, Bach ...'

Looks like OpenCourseWare did a video series in 2007 on ideas from this book. Haven't watched the lectures yet but, overall, sounds interesting. Thanks!

'Gödel, Escher, Bach - Lecture 1: Part 1 of 7'

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jFhq3Rj6DI&ab_channel=Scott

 Keithmasterson replied to this comment from JHomes | June 16, 2024 01:14
753:

Ten years ago, yup, I remember, since 2014 was the year I okayed the local library to start compiling a list of everything I borrowed and that's among the early entries. Conscious memories of the book include some good thought experiments about ant hive minds along with sketches and clear explanations of how messenger RNA transcribes sequences from DNA to the ribosome. Hard to tell what subconscious memories may still linger, but a lisper from Firth sounds like the kind of information that would shake loose in a mental hunt for rhyming words. Now if I could only harness that process for good use, since at 71 I find myself twice a day or so hunting for misremembered names. My wife's 5 years younger and we have decades of shared experience so I can usually describe a situation and she'll supply the missing detail, like half an hour ago I improvised a meatball sandwich from miscellaneous ingredients stored in the fridge, she asked how it came out I say good as that place we used to go in East Peoria, you know, by the municipal storage place, she says Avantis? I go yeah that's it. Then earlier we're talking about DNA records used to hunt for birth mothers of adopted celebrities, I describe how the fussy black Harvard professor who helped Steven King identify his father from public DNA records, she says you mean Henry Louis Gates? Yeah that's the guy. Just today I read about how encoding information may not necessarily increase entropy, but erasing it does, in which case the amount of information I'm forgetting could release enough heat to require supplemental cooling for my brain tissues.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 01:34
754:

the difference being, what I meant and what I typed

etching into passive media seems best storage and use of anything metal-based not good... carbon is low density and if you separate out the carbon-14 via centrifuge before brewing the diamond slates it is boringly stable, chemistry and nucleonic

but yeah... carrying biological materials across light years at sub-sub-sub-lightspeed[1] is prone to failure modes too easily identified

but it is tough to abandon a dream, hmmm?

we all grew up on tales told of empires 'n federations out amongst the stars

====

each "sub-" reflecting reducing top speed a tenth (-90%)... 300KPS being about the best we can achieve here-n-now

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 16, 2024 01:40
755:

correction to "earthmen (nuclear scientists) to accompany them back"

it was historians and sociologists

not nuclear scientists

they had enough of those, hence decades 'n decades of nuking themselves

but yeah, it is all about context, that decides what behaviors are pro-survival, eh?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 16, 2024 01:51
756:

hmmm...

"some fungi will preferentially grow in the direction of the source of beta and gamma ionizing radiation"

so... Bruce Banner turns into a hulking huge mushroom...!?

okay... okay... picture this...

10,000 years from now any humans still around will dig up locations of nuke waste to find themselves meeting Portobello Sapiens Sapiens whose civilization is moderately advanced and mostly peaceful... they will be interested in paying humans to go around restarting fission plants to unsure their ecology's primary food source is reliable

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Keithmasterson | June 16, 2024 02:03
757:

so... senility as quantum-based energy source for highly efficient 2 angstrom chips? embedded into headbands providing supplemental storage and error trapping for ageing humans?

...sign me up for the beta test cycle

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 02:19
758:

Fair enough.I went to check, and I was wrong about the PSI

255/55R18 (32-33psi) 165/80R17 (60psi)

The first time I needed to use it, it was at something like 30-40psi and couldn't support the weight of the car. (User-error, but it was in a really inconvenient place to check pressure - mounted underneath - and you can only put a fullsize tire there if it is flat) A passing stranger let me borrow their electric mini pump to get it to the point I could limp a mile to a gas station for a proper fill.

I now understand that I could use a manual pump, but I'd probably rather get one of those 12-volt cigarette lighter ones. If the battery is dead in the car, I'm not going anywhere anyways. Thanks everyone!

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 02:43
759:

300KPS being about the best we can achieve here-n-now

If we're talking about actual machines rather than particles, 30 KPS is slightly beyond demonstrated capability, but I agree that 300 is a not-unreasonable goal, given enough will and money. 300 KPS is c/1000, so getting to Proxima Centauri would take something over 4200 years. Within the length of historical record, if the Pyramid Builders had decided to launch such a probe.

 Pigeon | June 16, 2024 02:58
760:

@ 727: "... which it turned out had been engaged in a continuous nuclear war for a generation and they wanted the earthmen to teach them how to be as "uncivilized" as we were."

I think I've read that too. Didn't it also have some plot element about Earth resisting the visitor exchange with the alien planet because they thought the visitors from Earth were going to return with information about advanced alien weapon systems and military methods and megalomaniac ideas about becoming world conquerors, and/or give the aliens information about Earth's military weaknesses and deficiencies which the aliens would then use to execute a minimum-gore invasion of Earth so they could forcibly prevent these uncivilised Earth creatures doing wars at each other all the time? And the tension on Earth that was building up because of the worry over what the party were going to return with was just about to start making bad things happen when the party did get back and everyone was overjoyed to discover that the purposes had actually been exactly opposite to what had been feared?

@ 728: "whose vocabulary do you think should have spread around the world along with the invention?"

I don't. The kind of vocabulary and usage normal for the local language will do much better. There are trees and candles and lots of other peculiar things in French cars, because they are using the words that are natural for them to use, whereas if they used the French translations of words other people use they would find them awkward and silly. (So where were cars invented, then? ... everywhere and nowhere, baby.)

"register recall"

Haha, that's a third different thing, that nobody has brought into the discussion yet! (or if they have I haven't noticed.) I've no idea how anywhere else approached it, but in Britain that was always really obscure. It was not available on a line unless you specifically asked the Post Office to enable it at the exchange, and they would charge you extra for having it - I don't know exactly how much, but it would have been a lot. So you would be up to fairly large businesses before you began to find people using it at all, and it was never something you'd find on a domestic line.

"North America (which I again remind you includes nations OTHER THAN the U.S.)"

If you're saying that for the reason I think you are, then my point was that the commonly-used term "American English" is wretchedly inaccurate because it elides the areas of mutual incomprehensibility, one of which began this sub-conversation by blatantly existing at us (see two British people and one Australian all having the same reaction of "what the fuck is that supposed to mean?"). So I used the usual term, but in a modified form, without the word which causes the inaccuracy I'm unhappy with.

@ 733: "Who, in turn, will defend us from those determined to save us?"

I recently had personal cause to attempt some research into an area of that. I am not happy that I didn't find a bloody thing, or even a clue how to proceed. Some vague hint that very carefully hiding or disappearing might have a non-zero chance of being useful - none of that stated explicitly - was the most positive thing I could dig up.

Some of "those determined to save us" can be dangerous cunts.

@ 736: "I'm not sure why that should be confusing, because AFAIK, we got it from you."

The context quotation you provided for your reply comprised two paragraphs relating to two different sub-aspects, but your reply seems to refer more obviously to the second paragraph, so I'll start with that one:

Yeah, I was hoping/expecting you would have determinedly managed not to.

Using two different sets of units to refer to the same dimension - especially in a manner which cobbles both sets of units together adjacently, in the same expression, which doesn't label either unit, is bloody stupid, because it's an obvious and fulminant source of confusion. You could hardly say I'm unfamiliar with it, but it still manages to confuse me about one in three or four times I have to deal with tyre sizes. Sometimes more than once in the same day.

I don't know what idiot thought it would be a good idea either, but they need to be placed in an environment where they randomly encounter unlabelled interminglings of different units for the same dimension, in lots of different contexts, all the time, until either they understand what they did wrong or their brain starts to dribble out of their ears.

Now I'll take the first paragraph: For years and years in the context of British domestic motoring, aspect ratio just was not part of a tyre size specification. You specified tyres by width and diameter only. For a given pairing of width and diameter, you just got whatever the standard aspect ratio for that pairing was, and the only people who needed to know the actual figure were the tyre manufacturers. You didn't get three numbers moulded into the side of the tyre, you only got two. When all of a sudden there did appear some tyres with a non-standard aspect ratio, the natural way to amend the format of the spec was simply to not really amend it, but just say you can stick the third number on the end if you're talking about a case that needs three numbers.

So when Paws and I started talking about tyre sizes using examples of "real" specs, width-diameter-aspect was what we used. But when you and David L joined in, you used width-aspect-diameter. Until then it had never occurred to me that you might have arrived at the need to specify all three figures by some other path that made it more natural to put the aspect ratio in the middle, but now - just after I'd corrected the cockup in my reply to Tier2Tech - I suddenly discovered that I might still have ended up quoting a wrong format for reasons I'd never suspected.

 Keithmasterson replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 03:04
761:

Cooling from hair loss occurs in the same age cohort needing heat dissipation from information loss. This seems too convenient to be a coincidence.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Grant | June 16, 2024 03:07
762:

"Top Cat/Boss Cat"

Haha, yes, I still find that an amusing example of British taking of a basically good idea a bit further than was really necessary while paradoxically simultaneously being half-arsed about it.

 kiloseven replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 03:37
763:

Pigeon noted in part in #655:

I agree with Moz that the best thing you can do with a bicycle pump (or any pump) is to put some lubricant designed for the purpose on the piston seal. I also agree that while a bicycle pump will achieve any pressure you're likely to need, you'll probably wear it out long before you've put any decent amount of air into the tyre; also the heat generated by compression may well be enough to make any crimped connection on whatever you've got to connect the pump to the tyre get hot and soft and come apart.

Nope. Did it myself with a department store hand pump, a $15 version of this https://www.target.com/p/bell-sports-zephyr-550-steel-bicycle-floor-pump-maroon/-/A-91967023

I haven't done 'honest work' since age 15 and the last time I rode a century was age 22 in Uni. At least one regular poster here can confirm I am a classic tub-o-lard office worker, wor was when I retired five years ago at age 65.

(I'm assuming this is the kind of tyre that is so huge that anyone short of a big manual labourer is going to struggle to even move the thing; am I right?)

Nope. Stock 205/60R16s on a two-ton Detroit turd.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Moz | June 16, 2024 03:50
764:

The two-dog wolfpack of the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO) and Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada (OPC)

Anyone thinking the OPC is a wolf is dangerously delusional. Annoying lapdog, maybe — all yap and no bite.

 kiloseven replied to this comment from JohnS | June 16, 2024 03:50
765:

JohnS wrote:

Who's gonna pay for it?

I don't want to risk effing up the computers I have to rely on, so who's going to pay for the new/used/refurbished hardware to conduct said experiments on?

Ah'll tell you whut. I have an excess HP Stream 11 lappie w/ Win10 I am tired of looking at, because it's not worth buying a CMOS replacement battery for. Contact me at k7aay AYT live DAHT com and I'll ship it to you. Gratis. You will need to dive into the CMOS to tell it to boot, but I will provide step-by-step on how to get past that.

Have you ever actually tried to pump up an automobile tire with a bicycle pump?

Did it w/ a $15 pump bought at Target two years ago at age 68, an' ah'm no Jack LaLanne. Warn't fun, but ah didn't have to jack up two tons of Chrysler to do it.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 16, 2024 04:19
766:

Oh, yeah, I'd forgotten about that "reason" - never convinced that it was really true; there's a rather strong "Just So story" flavour about it, in that it makes enough sense to serve as a basis for telling an amusing story that purports to explain a peculiar thing, but no more than that; it's too vague and unsatisfactory to be a sensible way of conveying a critical safety warning in real life. The size of the tyre is specified by two numbers; if the numbers look funny, that means, obviously, that something about the size of the tyre might be funny. Then you have an official pronouncement that says, no, it doesn't mean something vague about the size, it means something absolutely definite about something that has fuck all to do with the size - but is critically important, so be sure and remember this, kiddies.

Now if I was trying to convey a critically important single bit of safety information, I'd choose a new, unique, unambiguous binary marker, that does not resemble any marker already in use, and has some characteristic that naturally associates it with the meaning of the safety-critical single bit strongly enough that you can expect even people who've never been told about the marker and never seen one before will still know what it means.

And they did do that. Radials have a big "R" for Radial and the word itself in smaller letters, and crossplies don't. So using funny numbers to drop vague hints as well now just looks completely daft, and its value as a real-world explanation drops to zero. I can't conclude the story is true because it doesn't make sense; but if in fact it nevertheless is true, it must be true for a reason that doesn't make sense. (Some close relation to the nature of the Top Cat/Boss Cat Britishism might be a plausibly likely candidate.)

 paws4thot | June 16, 2024 04:46
767:

749 Para 2 - Well there's the whole "Popeye"/"Have Blue" program, where the USians have been buying AGMs from Israel...

762 (and 741) - The original US name of the show was "Top Cat". After a few weeks (Wikipedia says 4) it was renamed "Boss Cat" in the UK because "Top Cat" was the name of a popular brand of cat food, and the BBC could not carry advertising.

766 para 4 - It's not so much a "real world explanation" as a rationalisation and statement of the real world facts in the case. Personal account - The only time anyone I actually know mixed crossply and radial on an axle it was force majeur because they had bought a used car with 4 of one construction on the road wheels and the other construction on the spare, and then suffered a puncture.
They then bought 2 of the construction that they had 3 good examples of when replaving the punctured tyre.
See above for explanation (supported by Wikipedia articles) of Top/Boss Cat.

 Moz replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 16, 2024 05:03
768:

Oh, my expectation is that inquiries will be made, the obvious conclusions will be backed by a little more knowledge, and bus tickets will be carefully dampened before the requisite slapping takes place.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 05:23
769:

You can't use that to recapture all the information you are losing, no matter what you do; the best you can do is partially compensate, and the more effectively you do manage to compensate the more wibbly-wobbly and impractical your device gets, in ways like waiting for it to complete recording something being worse than a Windows update, and it being liable to start forgetting again if you look at it funny. If I remember rightly the very best "known achievable" would be under 10% using DNA under ideal conditions; it would be a pretty tough job to match the way DNA works to the way you need your conscious memory to work in any useful way, achieving any useful approximation to the "ideal conditions" lands you in a recursive mess of the same kind of problems, so you basically can't, and anything we have the vaguest clue how to do with technology is many orders of magnitude worse.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 16, 2024 06:58
770:

"The original US name of the show was "Top Cat". After a few weeks (Wikipedia says 4) it was renamed "Boss Cat" in the UK because "Top Cat" was the name of a popular brand of cat food, and the BBC could not carry advertising."

Yes, I know that; it's exactly the kind of extent of coverage you would expect something like wikipedia to constrain itself to.

My point was firstly that while "the BBC can't carry advertising" is basically a good idea they did have a distinct tendency to carry it to ludicrous extremes, and stretch the definition of "carrying advertising" to include things where you struggle to find even the most tenuous justification for even thinking about calling them "carrying advertising". Often they would end up calling more attention to a product than if they'd just been normal about it, because they would be so obviously tying themselves in knots trying not to have to say a particular word that everyone knew anyway exactly what word it was, and knew the reason they were being so uptight about not saying it was that in addition to the meaning they were actually intending, it happened to be a word you often saw on labels in shops. Certainly it's a bit of a stretch to say that because another country happened to pick the same words for the name of a show that a British company happened to pick for the name of some cat food, then simply calling the show by its correct name must be "advertising".

Then secondly, the half-arsedness comes in because in this case they didn't go to extremes to avoid broadcasting a particular word. Instead they only "changed the name of the show to Boss Cat" in the sense that they called it that in the Radio Times and similar. As far as the actual programme went, they didn't change a thing, they just showed it in plain unedited form straight from the US. The title card said "TOP CAT" in great big letters, the theme song sang "Top Cat" loudly multiple times, all the other cats addressed the title character as "Top Cat" in the dialogue, it was Top Cat Top Cat Top Cat solidly all the way through. Using a different word for it in the Radio Times just looked silly, and how they can claim with a straight face to have "changed the name of the show", or genuinely believe there was any point doing what they did do, I fail to see.

"It's not so much a "real world explanation" as a rationalisation and statement of the real world facts in the case."

Not entirely sure what you're getting at here. My point is that dropping nebulous hints by having some numbers which mean something entirely unrelated look funny is a fucking stupid way to convey a piece of critical safety information; using a specific and unique symbol that obviously relates directly to that piece of information and does not remotely resemble any symbol in use for other purposes is a good and sensible way to convey it; they did use such a symbol; and because they did, to say the funny numbers were for that is just daft, and although it often is said it's too silly for me to believe it's true.

I think it's far more likely that the funny numbers are to indicate that although both tyres do fit on the same wheel, the dimensions in fact are not exactly the same; but the difference is so small that it has no noticeable effect, so it's not information that anyone actually needs to know, and it doesn't matter if you don't understand the message or don't bother/know the factor to convert the metric figure back into inches to find out what it actually is.

I also don't understand what premise the piece of evidence that people very rarely did it wrong is intended to support. It can't be "the funny numbers were there to show it's a radial", and I can't work out what element of the discussion it can be.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 07:47
771:

It's only become a problem because you've been unnecessarily sparing with the information and what you have provided appears to contradict itself

I was wrong about 80 - 60 psi. I wasn't sure about the origins of my car - it does have a made-in-america sticker on it, but as I understand it, that means assembled in America

I don't think anything else I mentioned contradicted itself. That was mostly others' assumptions. I was sparing of information intentionally.

I have a deep respect for those of you who willingly personally identify yourselves on the public internet, but I'm not in the position to do that comfortably.

Anyone can read back up the thread if they want. My car does exist in my reality, and approximate tire volumes would have been enough to answer my initial question.

I like you all, and really appreciate the discussions here, so I don't want to roll up my account. I will just make a note to stop sharing any personal information.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 07:54
772:

= handwaving =

dude just let me snark a bit, okay?

be nice if we have a device to support our ageing folk, including at least half of those posting here within...

exactly how that would work, I have nary a clue, but still be nice to write about it...

likely nanites properly tweaked to take over for grey matter as patches fail... gradual replacement of this or that chunk of rot till there's nothing organic inside a ageing human's skull and therefore quite simple to transition to a new chassis... an improved version of a human body also non-organic

so back to the snark

 Greg Tingey | June 16, 2024 08:41
773:

Pigeon
Some of "those determined to save us" can be dangerous cunts. - "Determined to save us" - christians & muslims are number ONE on/in that list, of course. It's almost a definition of what they (attempt) to do.

 Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 09:53
774:

...AND IN OTHER (BAD) NEWS

I just got back from some unavoidable shopping and noticed yet more storefronts closed up or having fire sales here in East Village New York City... with Rite Aid (pharmacy eqv to UK chemist) in my neighborhood having barren shelves... not picked over due to sales but empty of most everything

so... a bit of googling confirmed what other bits have been seeping into my brain

if anyone is looking for nightmare fuel...

QUOTE: They are called zombies, companies so laden with debt that they are just stumbling by...often just a bad business hit away from dying off for good....numbers have jumped over the past decade by a third or more in Australia, Canada, Japan, South Korea, the United Kingdom and the U.S

https://archive.ph/aCaxb

or

https://fortune.com/2024/06/07/zombie-company-numbers-soar-debt-loans/

 Grant replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 13:23
775:

I think Wiki says the name change was because Top Cat was a brand of cat food in the UK and the program name would be construed as advertising - strongly not allowed on the BBC at the time.

 Grant replied to this comment from Grant | June 16, 2024 13:32
776:

And also, the Wiki page suggests the Top Cat credit was changed in the program as broadcast so it wasn't just the Radio Times being anal.

Theres also the fact that as a public broadcaster the Gov and Beeb Director General would get it in the neck from other cat food manufacturers who might feel they had a grievance... Though not as many companies were multinational then.

 alantyson replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 15:03
777:

And if Rite-Aid is being hollowed out, what about all the family-owned pharmacies that are essentially Rite-Aid franchises... Fuck, that makes me sad to read. I had some very good years with the East Village as my stomping grounds. One shudders to imagine what might move in to replace them.

 David L replied to this comment from alantyson | June 16, 2024 15:44
778:

what about all the family-owned pharmacies

This is a multi-faceted issue in the US. More and more medically oriented (and other) small family businesses are selling out to the big chains or PE as they can't find anyone to take over. And they do expect to get some money. The ran their business as their retirement fund. I've talked to a few and in general the under 40s who they'd sell to just don't want to be small business owners. At all. When they go home Friday at 5pm or 6pm and the toilet is stopped up or the phones having an issue, they just want to call the PE or chain support number and tell them to get it fixed. Then they ignore it till the next work day. And get paid their W2 based check (a US term) every week or month no matter.

And on the flip side I'm one person removed from a 30 something who bought a pet supplies store (a booming business in the US) who thought they were going to be putting in 50 or so hours per week. They have discovered that 80 hours is a minimum most weeks.

Personally I've discussed this with the Pet store guy's best friend, a local data center, MSP, enterprise fiber supplier, a local drug store, my dentist, my eye care center, and a cardiologist practice. Only the dentist was able to sell to a new dentist. Everyone else sold to a chain, PE, or shut down. Thank goodness as the new dentist is fantastic. To both patients and staff. Imagine a private dental practice run by someone for 30 years with around 7 staffers selling out and EVERYONE stays on to work for the new dentist.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from alantyson | June 16, 2024 15:44
779:

it's been blanding towards beige for more than a decade

a number of suspicious fires resulted in entire buildings being torn down rather than repaired, thus clearing out residents covered by rent control... suspicious in terms of being avoidable if there'd been quality work done on repairs not overt arson...

there'd been a bunch of long term businesses gone... if DALLAS BBQ on 2nd Ave tickles a memory, well, too late... they lost their lease after managing to endure the pandemic... most of what remains is shoppes rather than stores, if you recognize the distinction

I never minded change if it offered something in way of high quality or decent variety...

lately?

...nothing

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from alantyson | June 16, 2024 15:47
780:

it's been blanding towards beige for more than a decade

a number of suspicious fires resulted in entire buildings being torn down rather than repaired, thus clearing out residents covered by rent control... suspicious in terms of being avoidable if there'd been quality work done on repairs not overt arson...

there'd been a bunch of long term businesses gone... if DALLAS BBQ on 2nd Ave tickles a memory, well, too late... they lost their lease after managing to endure the pandemic... most of what remains is shoppes rather than stores, if you recognize the distinction

I never minded change if it offered something in way of high quality or decent variety...

lately?

...nothing

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 16:14
781:

Howard NYC @ 755:

correction to "earthmen (nuclear scientists) to accompany them back"

it was historians and sociologists

not nuclear scientists

they had enough of those, hence decades 'n decades of nuking themselves

but yeah, it is all about context, that decides what behaviors are pro-survival, eh?

Do you happen to remember the title of the story and the author?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 16:26
782:

Pigeon @ 760:

@ 727: "... which it turned out had been engaged in a continuous nuclear war for a generation and they wanted the earthmen to teach them how to be as "uncivilized" as we were."

I think I've read that too. Didn't it also have some plot element about Earth resisting the visitor exchange with the alien planet because they thought the visitors from Earth were going to return with information about advanced alien weapon systems and military methods and megalomaniac ideas about becoming world conquerors, and/or give the aliens information about Earth's military weaknesses and deficiencies which the aliens would then use to execute a minimum-gore invasion of Earth so they could forcibly prevent these uncivilised Earth creatures doing wars at each other all the time? And the tension on Earth that was building up because of the worry over what the party were going to return with was just about to start making bad things happen when the party did get back and everyone was overjoyed to discover that the purposes had actually been exactly opposite to what had been feared?

I dunno. Sounds plausible. I think you may remember more of the story than I do.

I don't remember the earth party returning. I remember the story ending with the reveal that the aliens are actively fighting a nuclear war.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 16, 2024 17:17
783:

Tier2Tech @ 771:

"It's only become a problem because you've been unnecessarily sparing with the information and what you have provided appears to contradict itself"

I was wrong about 80 - 60 psi. I wasn't sure about the origins of my car - it does have a made-in-america sticker on it, but as I understand it, that means assembled in America

Made in America doesn't mean it was made in the U.S.A. IIRC, the stickers began to be applied after NAFTA was agreed to ...

Does it have a "made-in-america" sticker or is it an "Assembled in the USA/Canada/Mexico" sticker ... long before NAFTA (and whatever the latest replacement is), the Detroit auto industry had spilled over into Windsor, Ontario, Canada ... but before NAFTA there was nothing on the vehicle itself to indicate whether it came from a Canadian factory or one in the U.S.

I went out and looked at my own car & couldn't find the sticker (I think because the windshield has been replaced), but I remember on my previous vehicle (Ford Focus) it was a sticker in the lower right corner of the windshield that said "Assembled in Mexico".

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 16, 2024 17:21
784:

Howard NYC @ 772:

= handwaving =

dude just let me snark a bit, okay?

be nice if we have a device to support our ageing folk, including at least half of those posting here within...

exactly how that would work, I have nary a clue, but still be nice to write about it...

likely nanites properly tweaked to take over for grey matter as patches fail... gradual replacement of this or that chunk of rot till there's nothing organic inside a ageing human's skull and therefore quite simple to transition to a new chassis... an improved version of a human body also non-organic

so back to the snark

People don't want eternal life, they want eternal YOUTH (and the vitality that goes with it.)

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 16, 2024 17:27
785:

Did they consider laser sails? That's almost doable today.

Laser sails are not in fact doable today.

For a pure photon rocket you need roughly 3GW of continuous power to provide 1 newton per second of thrust. While we can build lasers that emit more than 1GW, they're pulsed -- and our lasers max out at about 25% efficiency currently, so a 3GW continuous wave laser would be dumping 9GW of waste heat, which is roughly 10% of the total power consumption of the UK (for 1N of thrust, which is enough to accelerate 100 grams at 1G).

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 16, 2024 18:53
786:

A Raspberry Pi weighs approximately 25 grams, so even a very small probe is probably impossible once shielding, etc., is added, even assuming a 3GW continuous laser source.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 16, 2024 19:42
787:

As noted, STL warp drives are looking better. Obviously we can't make these yet either, but if you look at some more recent theoretical papers, if I read them right, it looks like it might be possible to build a warp drive out of positive mass materials only, provided it goes slower than C. Depending on practicalities like power input, this might mean that a 100 year probe is possible.

As for the mission profile, I think 'Oumuamua had the right idea (yes, I've read the book that claims it was an alien ship). Anyway, probe enters star system at ca. 15 km/sec relative to the local star, maneuvering as little as possible while passively scanning the system. If there are signs of a technological culture, set a course for a cometary pass, go flying through the system like a comet while using passive sensors only, then set a course to go home once its back out in interstellar space.

What I'm thinking about is that it's doubly stupid to actively broadcast from a life-bearing stellar system. On the one hand, the local inhabitants might catch you. On the other, some more advanced civilization might pick up your communications and get to the system before your controllers back home do. If a ship is fast and smart enough, flying out and back before dumping data may be the safest option. And if warp drives aren't especially detectable, so much the better.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 16, 2024 20:01
788:

»For a pure photon rocket you need roughly 3GW of continuous power«

All the "artists impression" graphics I've seen, put the laser in orbit, powered by solar panels.

Most people who do the math on that configuration seem to stop before they get to the really interesting stuff, for instance Stefan-Boltzmann law.

The bad news is that we must dump all heat via radiation.

The good news is that as long as we point our radiator away from the sun, we can ignore the contribution from the cosmic background radiation.

If we assume semiconductor lasers, they must be kept below 120°C, call it 400K

If we fill 400K into S-B's law, we find that we can dump 1451W/m².

9GW will take around 600 FIFA regulation soccer fields, which is within an order of magnitude of the solar panels required to produce the power.

The obvious design then becomes millions of independent space vehicles, each one a solar panel pointed at the Sun, with a black alu-core PCB full of semiconductor lasers, each of which are mounted on some kind of MEMS structure so it can be pointed with sub-microarc-second precision.

We hinge the PCB and solar panel together, that allows us to point all the lasers at anything well clear of the orbital plane, and distribute the satellites as trojans in Earth's orbit, that way they won't bump into anything and Earth will never shadow the target.

I'll leave it as an exercise for the reader to figure out how to make the light from all the lasers arrive phase-coherent at the target's sail, though an unknown and undefined interstellar medium.

Advertisement:

»If you've done six impossible things this morning, why not round it off with breakfast at Milliways, the Restaurant at the End of the Universe.«

 Heteromeles | June 16, 2024 20:02
789:

Apropos of asking the hive mind...

I've been toying with an alt history where Germany went communist after WW1. I'm not much of a scholar of central Europe or communism, so I thought I'd toss this idea out to people here who know far more than I do.

Note that the question is NOT how post-war Germany could have become Communist, but what would 1920s Communist Germany look like? Assume I waved a magic sickle and gave certain communists the brains they needed to win their revolution.

--I am assuming a communist Germany would become authoritarian in due course, because that seems to be the way communism fails. Any reason not to assume this?

--Is our world's East Germany an adequate model, or is it too shaped by WW2, Stalinism, and Nazism? If East Germany isn't a good model, what are the key differences I need to think about? (this is basically about early 1920s post war Germany versus late 1940s post-war Germany). This is the part I'm struggling most with.

--What would be the relationships between a 1920s communist Germany and its neighbors?

--Hate to ask this, but what form might antisemitism take in such a scenario? I'm thinking, of course, about Nazism in the 1930s and trying to figure out what would happen absent Hitler. I'm also thinking about how the exodus of Jewish intellectuals under Hitler shaped western physics.

--For those who care, what would communist German agriculture look like, at least at first. Collectivization a la the USSR? Would there be a potential for famines, as in Russia in the 1930s?

Thanks for any help.

 Greg Tingey | June 16, 2024 20:16
790:

David L
US-only acronym, maybe .. "PE" ... or is that "Private Equity"??

John S
I would put up with eternal being-78, thank you very much!

 Vulch replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 16, 2024 22:02
791:

Worth having a read up on "Starwisp" which was a project to design a light weight Maser launched interstellar probe. Much easier to make a phased array at microwave frequencies than optical, and the sail becomes a wire mesh with spacing to match the wavelength of the maser.

Many of the maser and laser based launcher projects involve the arrays being located on the far side of the moon using either nuclear or stored solar power, and running launch campaigns during the Lunar night. If you can put multiple GW of power into a lightsail at astronomical distances people tend to worry about you putting multiple GW into the centre of their city. You tend to want to launch away from the sun anyway, the dark sky lets you radiate the heat away more easily and being on a common solid surface makes it easier to keep your phased array in sync.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 16, 2024 22:27
792:

"And if warp drives aren't especially detectable, so much the better."

Unfortunately, I think warp drives are likely to be very conspicuous indeed. I'm imagining things like: after a long enough time after using it for enough speed-of-light-delays-from-observed-to-observer to have timed out (how much is "enough"? - depends for what alien) has passed, and when the observer then subtracts each delay out of its associated component-of-a-complete-observation and assembles them all to form that complete observation, then anyone looking at that complete observation is going to notice that every observed object within some couple-of-average-distances-between-adjacent-stars' worth of some long straight line has done some weird little jiggle that nobody can remember seeing anything do before - and they all did it at basically the same time, apart from you might see the means of the error distributions varying by a minute or two from one end of the line to the other if you have managed to get enough observations to make discrepancies that small statistically useful. A little alien voice says "'elloe 'elloe 'elloe wots orl dis den?" then everyone goes quiet for a bit. And a couple of years later (let's be hopeful here) Cape Canaveral notice a little handkerchief parachute thingy drifting down into their back yard, and when they go and pick it up they find some of the snot on it is the most bloody strange-coloured snot they have ever seen, and the payload is a little weighted note that says "So that's how you fucking do it! Cheers, guys, drop in next time you're passing and we'll all have a jolly good piss-up."

Or: you've finally figured out how to make a warp bubble stable with the stuff inside it being something more massive than photons (with zero-rest-mass particles it's a piece of piss), and you're just warming up your prototype warp ship ready for its first test flight, when all of a sudden this bloody horrible noise blares at deafening volume out of the long-range communicator, and a second or so later there's a massive jolt and everyone gets thrown against the wall and knocked out. When they all come round again, they can't recognise any of the star patterns outside the portholes, and the ship's parrot - formally, the Super duper automatic universal structured information parser (with autopilot attachment and psittaciform I/O processor) - says: "Sorry about the lurch people, that horrible noise meant GET OUT OF OUR NAVIGATIONAL SAFETY BARRIER ZONE WITHIN TEN SECONDS OR WE WILL OPEN FIRE."

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 16, 2024 22:46
793:

"PE" ... or is that "Private Equity"??

Yes. The "PE" has been used here before so I didn't expand it.

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 16, 2024 22:52
794:

The obvious design then becomes millions of independent space vehicles, each one a solar panel pointed at the Sun, with a black alu-core PCB full of semiconductor lasers, each of which are mounted on some kind of MEMS structure so it can be pointed with sub-microarc-second precision.

So a very large number of Webb telescopes. Not as complicated. Maybe. Different but still.

The NASA deep space network with its 3 earth sites is having trouble keeping up with data comm requirements now. Webb telescope activity is not a full rate due to this. And it is going to get worse with all of the planned moon stuff coming up. And as of just now, no US Congress plans to rehab or expand it. (It is getting old. My 90 year old neighbor was in on the setup of the one in Spain way back when.) So just how do we coordinate a few 1000 to a million or so space photon thruster sats?

Details.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 16, 2024 22:54
795:

"...each of which are mounted on some kind of MEMS structure so it can be pointed with sub-microarc-second precision. ... I'll leave it as an exercise for the reader to figure out how to make the light from all the lasers arrive phase-coherent at the target's sail, though an unknown and undefined interstellar medium."

Don't need to give each emitter its own personal mechanical pointing unit: they're lasers, just lock them all together and operate the thing as an optical phased array antenna. You avoid having to do awkward things like (potentially) trimming each mechanical unit by shaving precise numbers of atoms off it to match them all perfectly with each other or whatever, and you get the additional advantage that you automatically get to launch a perfectly coherent planar wavefront in the first place, which is surely going to be a very important first step if you're setting out to make it arrive like that.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Vulch | June 16, 2024 23:09
796:

"Much easier to make a phased array at microwave frequencies than optical... ... ...being on a common solid surface makes it easier to keep your phased array in sync."

An idea that immediately strikes me from that is to make the optical phased array by (in outline) growing a perfect crystal, and implanting precisely controlled amounts of various impurities in precisely defined spots to tweak the optical properties of bits of it into laser cavities, phase rotators and stuff. It's the kind of technology we're already quite remarkably bloody good at, and being embedded inside a common solid block with perfectly uniform mechanical properties makes it...

 timrowledge | June 16, 2024 23:50
797:

Oh, stop it with the penny-ante nonsense. Just make the Sun last in the right direction and You Are Going Thataway Right Now. Like lighting the blue touch paper on an SRB.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 16, 2024 23:57
798:

»operate the thing as an optical phased array antenna.«

Sure, if we a allowed to make the lasers out of elemental Handwavium, would could do that, and we might as well make their efficiency 98% while we're at it ?

To make a phased array, you need to be able to control the phase for each transmitter individually.

As far as I know, nobody has even managed to control the frequency of two lasers well enough to generate an interference pattern between them, without intentionally or accidentally injection locking them.

So never mind controlling the phase: We cannot even measure it (yet).

Once we have figured out how to control the phase, we need to invent an optical "isolator" to prevent backscatter from the 3GW beam from injection-locking all the lasers.

Now scale that up to hundreds of millions of individual laser sources.

And even if you build your magic laser, that can do all that fancy stuff out of Handwavium-121, it is still not enough to launch it coherently, it must hit the sail coherently.

If the interstellar medium is homogeneous over the beam width, you can in principle do that with a phased array, except for the fact that steering a laser at sub-micro-arcsecond phase increments takes you into the territory where both the plank-time and plank-length are not ignorable.

But dont worry about that, because the Fresnel zone is going to be so huge that that inhomogeneities in the interstellar medium will be nontrivial, and it is going to be particular bad in the near field due to the solar wind, and who knows how much turbulence in the "bow-shock"

That adds an Adaptive optics system to the shopping list, an AO system where the sensors are located five to ten times further out than Voyager 1 has gotten to.

As I said: People stop their calculations before they get to all the fun stuff...

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 00:01
799:

"The problem with a laser sail is aiming the laser at any reasonable distance. For instance, tagging a sail that’s a mile in diameter from 1AU away (93 million miles ish) means you have to be accurate to a tiny fraction of a second of arc. Not counting beam dispersion.

Then you’ve also got to worry about what Chuckles McVamos, laser sharpshooter, wants to shoot at when he’s done booting probes. Flyby lasik surgery maybe? Mosquito control from orbit? High energy extortion?"

I would aim for developing a much larger sail than that. Regardless of that, here is a possible solution: angle the edges of the sail such that they provide some degree of sideways thrust. In addition, the laser array is such that the center of the beam is the hottest. Near Earth, it is easy to place the probe in the center of the beam. As it proceeds, it will begin to drift. As the edge of the sail approaches the center of the beam (which is inevitable) it heats up, pushing the probe sideways and back into the center of the beam. I's self correcting with no moving parts.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 17, 2024 00:07
800:

Hunh?

I’m guessing your model of a warp is FTL bubble, or someone leaving the STL version on for a century or two.

I M thinking more of a reactionless drive that is used for boost phase, steering, and possibly braking, and is left off otherwise. Also, if you’re thinking about ‘Oumuamua, it’s about the length of a football pitch maybe, so not big.

If possible, it’s worth not coming straight in from Sol, but rather change direction near the target system to fly a bit past and come in from somewhere else. It’s fascinatin, for example, how ‘OumuAmua appears to have come from nowhere.

Since we generally don’t know what’s going to be found, I’d strongly suggest that an interstellar probe look like an ice-clad comet nucleus or similar as much as possible. Water ice is a pretty decent radiation shield and ubiquitous, so looking like a high speed, small piece of tumbling space junk might be handy for a probe passing through something like a Dyson Swarm.

Once the probe is well clear and not being pursued, then it can warp boost back into interstellar space and head home.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 00:11
801:

"Laser sails are not in fact doable today."

They are not. I said "almost" in the sense that at least we could have a plausible mid-future plan to follow. The tech would still need to be developed.

To make this thing work you need massive amounts of power, which will probably not be practical to beam up from Earth. The lowest estimate I have seen is 448 MW (see here: https://www.niac.usra.edu/files/studies/final_report/4Landis.pdf), but only if we develop new, lighter sail materials. Highest estimates I have seen go in to the mid tens of GW.

I would like to see your source for the power estimate, but doesn't that depend on the weight of the probe?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 00:47
802:

I am assuming a communist Germany would become authoritarian in due course, because that seems to be the way communism fails. Any reason not to assume this?

In my darker moments I wonder if that's the way every model of government eventually fails.

A key question is how long since its formation are you thinking of? A generation? More? Less? Most organizations change as the founding generation is replaced — some of your own country's founders would be aghast at how modern generations (including the originalists) have twisted their dream (And others would be aghast at how modern generations are chaining themselves to an imaginary past.)

Is our world's East Germany an adequate model, or is it too shaped by WW2, Stalinism, and Nazism? If East Germany isn't a good model, what are the key differences I need to think about? (this is basically about early 1920s post war Germany versus late 1940s post-war Germany). This is the part I'm struggling most with.

East Germany was profoundly shaped by WWII (and Stalinism and Nazism). I think it would have been quite different if established sooner. Precisely how I'm less certain, because a lot depends on precisely how it was established. How much interference was there from non-Communist neighbours? Remember that the western powers, including America, invaded Russia after WWI in support of the Whites — it would have been much easier to invade Germany.

Also, which faction are you assuming ends up winning the revolution and subsequent power struggles? The KPD? The KAPD? Would a more literate and educated workforce give council democracy a chance at working? Several Irish soviets were successfully formed in the early 20s during the civil war but eventually quashed (amid claims that they were more loyal to Soviet Russia than the Irish Free State).

Which is a long disjointed way of saying that communism took different forms outside Russia, so I think that a communist Germany would also have looked different. The Bolsheviks took over chunks of the Tsarist government —the Cheka inherited the techniques and many of the agents of the Okhrana, for example, which accounts for some of the similarities between Tsarist Russia and Soviet Russia. Similarly German communists would be inheriting German governmental functionaries, with all that implies.

What would be the relationships between a 1920s communist Germany and its neighbors?

Likely bad. Military forces were sent to Russia the previous decade to oppose Communism there, and now Germany goes Communist? The dominoes are falling and we have to do something!

In America you had the first Red Scare around 1920 (more to follow!). It petered out, but if Germany had turned Communist it would likely have re-ignited. Would labour organizations have taken inspiration from a Communist Germany? Would the authorities have seen it as enough of a threat to clamp down even harder on organized labour? Remember that America was deploying machine guns and airplanes against strikers; modern strikes are pale affairs compared to the Battle of Blair Mountain, the Anaconda Road Massacre, the Columbine Mine Massacre, and many more. And that's with an ocean protecting you and no prospect of invasion — anyone sharing a land border with Germany would have been very concerned.

Hate to ask this, but what form might antisemitism take in such a scenario? I'm thinking, of course, about Nazism in the 1930s and trying to figure out what would happen absent Hitler. I'm also thinking about how the exodus of Jewish intellectuals under Hitler shaped western physics.

What form did it take in Russia at the time (pre-Stalin)?

Much might depend on which faction of Communists managed to take power. If Luxemburg hadn't been executed and had some power then probably things would be less antisemitic (given she herself was Jewish, although secular). OTOH Hitler tapped into existing antisemitism so maybe "not as bad as the Nazis" is a big win?

For those who care, what would communist German agriculture look like, at least at first. Collectivization a la the USSR? Would there be a potential for famines, as in Russia in the 1930s?

Would agriculture be as big a focus as it was in Russia? Germany was far closer to what Marx saw as the place Communism would start, being industrialized and capitalist. (Lenin had to change quite a lot of Marx to explain how Russia could skip the industrialization step to get to Communism directly.) Would the German Communists have nationalized everything, or would they have concentrated on the big factories and ignored smaller traders/farmers (at least at the beginning)?

The Irish soviets were quite literally workers councils centred around workplaces, rather than top-town control organizations. Could something like modern German corporate governance evolve, with workers having a seat on the board? (Yes, I know that was imposed by the Allies after WWII to hamper German companies, but it seems to have helped them instead.)

 Dramlin | June 17, 2024 01:06
803:

@Moz I waved when I was leaving a lovely cafe in Lakemba the other day, did you see me? ;-)

 Moz replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 01:10
804:

So just how do we coordinate a few 1000 to a million or so space photon thruster sats?

Seems to be pretty straightforward for Lord Musk of Mars to coordinate tens of thousands of the fucking things, so it's obviously possible. Quite likely exactly the way "fuck your telescopes" does it - accept that a few of them will be doing random bullshit, occasionally one will fall out of the sky, but the other 25,994 will be doing what they're told.

But I think Tim is right: point the sun at the thing you want gone, and 'poof', it will be gone.

May want to think about exactly where the reaction force is taking us, at least if we get into launching space monkeys because whole m is low v is not, meaning that MV = mv may well end up with V detectably different from zero. M being the whole solar system... I think it's cool, sort of like moving a Dyson Sphere by venting all the heat out one hole. Or, you know, at one unwanted thingy.

 Moz replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 17, 2024 01:28
805:

Sorry, no. I assume you saw the bike? You could potentially have yelled at me and chatted, but OTOH I am often not paying attention to people, especially when riding in traffic.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 17, 2024 01:50
806:

Thanks Robert!

I’ll be interested in what there’s have to say.

For what it’s worth, the conflict between authoritarian top-down power and democratic bottom-up power seems to be endemic in societies. They flip both ways, typically depending on how inept the regime is. This is why the current crop of authoritarians is so bent on destroying democratic institutions, of course.

Anyway, with Russia, the pattern seemed to be that direct action deposed the Tsar, leading to a civil war, leading ultimately to a more successful leader (Stalin) taking over because the communists were too slow/clunky to stop him. I’m probably wrong, but my sense is that the Germany cycled through this fasted, with Ebert siding with the military against the Socialists and forming the Weimar Republic.. I’m guessing in general (check me on this!) that Marxist Communism is too clunky to run a government against competent authoritarian opposition, which leaves it vulnerable to authoritarian takeover even if it beats down the previous, inept authoritarian regime.

Again, I’m really interested in what everyone has to say on this.

 alantyson | June 17, 2024 01:58
807:

Hetereomeles, important question: is Russia also communist post-WWI in this scenario, and are they same kind of communist? I imagine that will have some major ramifications for a communist Germany, and may at least to my mind, might actually be crucial to their survival.

 Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 02:07
808:

REQUEST: what add-in do you rely upon to block pop up ads in Google Chrome? or is there a browser that is less prone to overlaying content in four layers of eye-glaring pop up crap?

thanks in advance

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 17, 2024 02:07
809:

"255/55R18 (32-33psi) 165/80R17 (60psi)"

Cheers, those are recognisably familiar sorts of figures, and as well as that, the two different size/pressure pairs each make sense in the context of the other, so you could say the specification is automatically kind of self-checking, and it's reporting success.

And by a happy chance, the second one isn't much different from the tyres on my car pumped to twice the normal pressure, while the first one isn't much different from putting my car's normal pressure into twice as big a tyre, so my personal experience has a degree of real relevance, as an unexpected bonus.

So I can be usefully confident that I've more or less posted the right things already, but the two different tyres make a bit of an update necessary. You could, as an emergency last resort, successfully do either of them with an ordinary bicycle pump; but it's important to keep it internally lubricated with something formulated for the purpose, you would do well to have some spare adaptor tubes, and it is strictly an emergency measure because the pump might not survive well enough to be much good for anything in future, and you will feel like you haven't.

The first one is comfortably within the range of the ordinary kind of foot pump sold for blowing up car tyres, but you will have been glad to have paid some attention to things like ergonomics, efficiency and general constructional quality. The second one isn't (too much pressure); for that, I would go for the kind of pump which is a steel cylinder held vertically upright by a wide and sturdy baseplate on the floor, and operated either by a handle on top which you work up and down with both hands or a pedal on the side to work with your foot. That high pressure tyre is similar to an abnormally large motorcycle tyre, and this pump is basically a high-end motorcycle tyre pump as bought by people who naturally incline towards buying tools "of dependably high quality and if that also makes them expensive well so be it" (though I'm sure you can also get nastily shit ones that look the same, and with tools like this such things may quite well have a price deliberately based on the looks being deceptive, so do not even think about using price as a proxy indicator of quality). And such a pump will also be just as good for the other tyre.

With both of these and particularly the two-hands version, do physically check out how the dimensions match your body from an ergonomic point of view, especially the low end of the range of movement of the handle. You want to be able to comfortably get all the way to the low end, so it's natural for all your strokes to go all the way down, but you don't want to be finishing your strokes with your body having a goodly amount of shove left to give; for a start, you'll be hammering the piston into the bottom of the pump all the time, which is damaging to the pump and wasteful of your body's effectiveness (ie. you will end up a lot more knackered). You also want to be able to derive most of the downforce passively from your body weight, kind of leaning over it a bit and transmitting your weight to the handle by straight and vertical arms; obviously you can't do that for the whole stroke, so optimise your match on the basis that its importance becomes greater the closer you get to the end of the stroke. Inevitably there will be moments when you will accidentally go off centre and push the handle asymmetrically, which makes it try to bend sideways instead of going down, so pay attention to how the stem and its bushing in the end of the cylinder cope with this; you don't want to bend the stem or lever the thing sideways in the top of the pump body - with permanently destructive effects, and you don't really want it to keep going down but really stiffly, because (again) it's damaging to the pump and wasteful of your own input. Hard to describe because it's a "feel" thing, but you want to feel confident that you're not going to break or damage things (or feel like you are), and you want the physical feeling of getting it wrong to be a kind of feeling that encourages you to stop, reset, and try again, not a kind of feeling that encourages you to just shove a bit harder and carry on. (I find that pumps that respond badly in these terms are significantly more physically tiring to use, because I'm constantly worrying that an erroneous stroke is going to develop into fucking the pump catastrophically and I don't use my body properly because I'm concentrating too hard on not doing it.)

For the ergonomics of the foot-operated version there is already a lot of good advice all over the place, because the kind of leg movement you're trying to achieve is the same as the standard maximum-efficiency movement for a bicycle pedal - pressing with the ball of your foot, knee nearly but not quite straight at the bottom of the stroke, that one - just without the rotary motion. (There are people who seem to have a mission to stop people pedalling like that, but they are flat wrong, basically, and idiots.) So read the stuff about how best to set that up - height of arse in relation to limits of stroke, etc - and just ignore any bits that are clearly only about optimising the horizontal component of the rotary motion (there won't be a lot anyway).

As far as battery-powered electric pumps go, the only ones I've used have been the ones powered from the car's battery, and while they all claim capabilities that would see them doing three of either of those tyres in succession scratching their arse plus a couple extra while they're sniffing their finger, either the manufacturers have arrived at those figures in the same sort of way mobility scooter manufacturers arrive at a figure for maximum range*, or they are just plain telling lies and trusting to luck to avoid prosecution (sadly, they are probably OK doing that). In practice they might just handle the first one without overheating too much, if you're lucky, but for the second one just forget it. The maximum pressure they can achieve is about 40psi and they creeeeeep up to that groaningly slowly, with increasingly long and increasingly frequent periods of being switched off completely while they cool down, without which they will start blowing fuses or tripping breakers. Useless: avoid.

On the other hand David L says Makita make variants powered by their own rechargeable batteries, and going by the Makita gear I have used or owned, I feel safe just assuming that if Makita say it will handle it, then it will handle it, calmly and peacefully and without any fucking about.

(He also mentions Ryobi, but with Ryobi I feel safe in assuming that if Ryobi say it will handle it, it will get half way there and then spectacularly combust.)

*The manufacturer claims a range for my scooter of 40 miles, which is just so obviously not true it's silly. Looking at the other figures in the book, it's also dead obvious exactly how they've got it; they have done this:

The capacity of the scooter battery is 1kWh: that's the specified capacity figure for that battery in the manufacturer's catalogue.

The motor consumes 200W: that's the rated "power" figure quoted on the ratings plate.

Therefore the battery will run the motor for 1000/200 = 5 hours.

By law the maximum permitted speed for a scooter of this class is 8mph and it must be enforced by a speed limiter.

At 8mph, in 5 hours the scooter will travel 5*8 = 40 miles.

Therefore this scooter has a range of 40 miles.

And since all the figures we've used are the officially-stated standard figures for the quantities concerned, I can't see how Trading Standards can argue with that, right chaps?

Pigeon: Using the scooter entirely within all the officially stated permitted parameters, with a freshly fully charged new battery, I have driven it 2 miles and then reached so low a state of discharge that the scooter goes into fault lockout and will not move. Therefore your "range" figure all calculated from official figures has an observed maximum useful accuracy of 2/40 = 0.0005%.

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 17, 2024 02:35
810:

Actually, I wasn't thinking of them at all. Consider a well-known repeated-letter initialism, used by quite a lot of different people, such as Jaguar.

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 02:54
811:

Ad blockers in Chrome are apparently problematic of late because for some reason Google isn't especially keen on them, but they work for me for the limited amount I use Chrome (mostly for google sites because those often crap out on Firefox). I have uBlock Origin as well as Adblock for Chrome installed. Ghostery goes in every browser, and Youtube Shorts Block because I hate shorts (that works most of the time, it's a red queen race as youtube keep trying to force shorts and similar shit onto everyone)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from alantyson | June 17, 2024 02:55
812:

important question: is Russia also communist post-WWI in this scenario, and are they same kind of communist? I imagine that will have some major ramifications for a communist Germany, and may at least to my mind, might actually be crucial to their survival.

Ooh, that is a good question? I agree with Robert that there’s probably a difference between German Marxism and Russian Leninism. What is your thinking?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 04:39
813:

I'll note that the PRC was also worried about the USSR, despite being fraternal socialist allies (or whatever the term was).

A couple of decades ago I visited a rather interesting museum north of Beijing located at an airfield that was once part of the system guarding Beijing from attack from the USSR. (Also had in interesting chat with a retired PLAAF colonel about the 50s and 60s in China.) China's nuclear program was as much a deterrent against the USSR as it was against the USA.

(Chinese communism was different from Russian communism, so there's at least one data point that communist parties inspired by Marx but not run by Lenin will develop differently. And the Germans were Marxists but not Marxist-Leninists.)

 alantyson | June 17, 2024 05:15
814:

So, it's funny you bring up Leninism, Robert, because that's one of the main things that needs to be established: where is Vladimir Lenin in all this?

In our timeline, the German government put Lenin, his wife, and 30 other Russian dissidents on a train and sent them straight back to Russia when the Russian Republic was days old. Lenin had been living in Germany in exile after the failed 1905 Revolution, and the German government, quite keen to keep Russia out of the war, essentially fired Lenin like an ideological cruise missile directly into the heart of revolutionary Russian politics. The rest is history.

Now, what you're proposing is a Germany that turns communist after World War I (if they turn communist in the middle of World War I, I have a hard time imagining WWI continuing, but I suppose it's possible -- nationalism did trump socialism for plenty of Russians for awhile in our timeline). What if the reason that happens is Lenin isn't on that train? What if he stays in Germany and sees his chance to spread communism his way in his "adopted" nation? Lenin was a lot of things, but "easy to ignore" wasn't one of them, and even as a foreigner and outsider, I can imagine him bullying his way to the top of the liberal-socialist-republican dogpile sooner or later.

But even Lenin cannot be in two places at once (you have to imagine this being spoken in a very bad Russian accent), so if he's stirring up hardline communism in Germany (maybe getting the top position, or maybe getting toppled at the very eve of his victory, since Lenin would have even more enemies in Germany than he did in Russia), then that begs the question of what's happening in Russia? My guess is that the Mensheviks (who, of course, wouldn't be called Mensheviks in this timeline since there'd probably be no Blsheviks to define them against, they'd simply be the Russian Social Democratic Labor Party) hold onto power, and you end up with a much more moderate form of socialism (at least compared to what we got with the USSR).

Maybe you then end up with a situation not dissimilar from what Robert brought up wrt the PRC and the USSR, where you have two socialist nations with very different ideas about socialism.

Begging the question: if France, the U.K., and Fascist Italy (I was gonna include Franco's Spain here, but maybe not... after all, does Franco still come to power without Nazi Germany's help? In fact, do the Republicans win handily with help from communist Germany? I'm gonna need to make a map here before long...) all decide that a communist Germany on their doorstep is intolerable, and start making moves to crush the commie threat before it can spread to Paris... does moderate-socialist Russia step in to defend Germany? Or, do they go "I'm not with that guy, he's crazy" in a bid to seem more palatable to the Europeans (and the Japanese, who are camping on Russia's eastern shore, and at least so far in this timeline are still headed towards grand imperialism and staunch anti-socialism... though some of my reading tells me that was a nearer-run thing that it might seem from our standpoint).

If socialist Russia and communist (heck, maybe even Leninist) Germany do forge an alliance (maybe with an alliance signed in Warsaw? Is this anything?) against the Euro-Japanese imperialist bloc, there's your World War II right there. Maybe Germany does better in war without Hitler and his cronies in charge of things, and if the U.S. has no reason to get involved in the war, that evens the playing field significantly. I think I'd still put money down on the capitalists, but there's a lot of dice in play in this scenario.

On the other hand, if Russia plays nice with the bourgeois imperialist capitalists because they're playing the moderates' long game... I don't know that a communist Germany would have a very long lifespan. Which is a shame, because I imagine the art and music scene throughout the 30s and 40s would be astounding. Just the possibilities of German Socialist Expressionist film alone... alas.

 alantyson | June 17, 2024 05:24
815:

Another question that might have interesting implications: do the communists execute the Kaiser, imprison him, exile him, or (if they're feeling lucky) allow him to live in Germany as "Comrade Hohenzollern?" Their treatment of Willy might have powerful ramifications for how the other European families, especially the British, react to the revolution and subsequent government.

 JHomes replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 06:22
816:

" is there a browser that is less prone to overlaying content"

I get decent results from Firefox plus uBlock Origen. So far, no issues with viewing things on YouTube (they are now Google, aren't they?) and that's about all I go near Google for. Searching, I use Duckduckgo, which is happy with Firefox, and I think these days gives better results than Google.

JHomes

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Grant | June 17, 2024 06:35
817:

Noooooo!!!! You're the second person who has entirely missed the point in exactly the same way - the way that means when I read your reply. I think that since you obviously reckon posting that simple statement constitues a complete and conclusive reply, it's most likely that you think I am {confused|bemused|what do you think I'm used?} simply because I didn't know that point, so if you explain it to me in clear and straightforward terms, I will cease to consider it {whatever you are thinking it is}, and just think it's quite unexceptional and normal and what one would expect. I also think that's how you regard it yourself, so you thought it was {something like strange and wrong} that I don't regard it like that.

This is completely wrong. My position starts from the fact that I DID know the point you quote, in the form you quote it, quite clearly, all the way along. What I am really feeling is pretty closely described by "amused in a kind of scornful way, and moved to take the piss". The source and focus of that feeling is the nature of (not the thing itself) the glaring and huge (intended as objective observation; emphasised because while it is not part of the reason for my feeling, it is important in the sense of being the principal factor which intensifies the feeling) discrepancy between the simplistically straightforward, bland and idealised (as in "under ideal conditons") statement of the situation as found in wikipedia, official sources, and other places that also share the characteristic of having content inclusion policies with the same rigid and highly detailed ruleset that constrains the statement to necessarily be straightforwardly simplistic, bland and idealised (as in "under ideal conditions"), and the situation as actually observed under real conditions, first in general and then as in this specific case.

Where I misunderstood you in this discussion is that you said "(I was watching [the show])", AND you named the show as "(Top Cat/Boss Cat)", ie. specifically including both possibilities. You were watching the show; that you thought it worth mentioning at all implies you watched it a lot and knew it pretty well; if you knew it pretty well then you would automatically know, without having to think about it, that "Top Cat" would identify it equally well to anyone from either country who knew it (or who didn't but still wanted to look it up), while including "Boss Cat" was of no use either way to anyone; that you nevertheless did think it worth including implies that you think it deserves some particular attention; this in turn raises the question of what the heck about "Boss Cat" is there that could warrant any particular attention?; you must be British, since if you weren't you'd never have heard of "Boss Cat" anyway, therefore there surprisingly is a possible answer you might have to that question: thinking of the show might have reminded you of everyone taking the piss about all the bloody silly things the BBC kept on doing in the ridiculous extremes it led itself to by the pathologically excessive way it interpreted the fundamentally laudable concept of not carrying advertising, and you were having a reminiscent little chuckle to yourself.

Now by no possible effort of will can I concoct any remotest approximation to a sensible answer to the question of why the fuck would anyone ever think there could be anything important enough about "Boss Cat" for it to even cross their mind... except that if you did happen to be having a reminiscent little chuckle to yourself, it would be only natural to type in the words that had reminded you and set you chuckling, so they'd remind other people and set them chuckling too. And if you're British and were around at the time, that's actually not particularly unlikely. It worked on me, so I was having a little chuckle back at you.

:) Or were you one of the prissy fuckers who thought all the daft knots the BBC tied itself up in were perfectly sensible and entirely correct and fully worthwhile and never took the piss, and you thought it was worthwhile typing "Boss Cat" to make sure people never forgot the soaring tower of purity and sanctity, the shining beacon of virtue sent to inspire the world with the pure light of the eternal sublime integrity of the BBC's true and faithful no advertising policy? :) :)

 Pigeon replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 17, 2024 08:28
818:

"To make a phased array, you need to be able to control the phase for each transmitter individually."

That's a convenient method for things like radar antennas where the number of transmitters is small. What you're trying to achieve is the kind of variation over distance that image editing programs call a "gradient". When your spatial sampling is only a few pixels per unit of distance, as with a radar, individual control is as good as anything. If you're sampling at millions of pixels per unit of distance, mass control by some kind of field gradient method is what you want.

"As far as I know, nobody has even managed to control the frequency of two lasers well enough to generate an interference pattern between them, without intentionally or accidentally injection locking them."

That's a hoary old problem in radio terms and a standard teaching example. The pattern you're generating that way is not an "interference pattern" in the sense needed for a phased array, it's a beat pattern - a heterodyne, a frequency sum-and-difference signal. You pass two different frequencies through a non-linear mixer and you get the sum and difference of those frequencies as components of the output signal. Superhet radio receiver tuners vary in sychrony (mechanically, originally) the centre frequencies of two resonant circuits such that the frequency of one is always some given amount different from the other. One of these tunes the input signal and the other tunes a local oscillator. You then pass the signals from those two through a non-linear mixer and select the difference signal from the output, which is always at the same frequency: the heterodyne method produces a signal which is always at the same frequency no matter what the frequency of the station you're receiving is, other stations always come out at the same wrong frequencies, and now you tune the radio by matching the frequency to a fixed resonant circuit instead of matching a variable resonant circuit to the frequency. The fixed circuit is far easier to make and set up to rigid levels of sharpness and accuracy than a variable one is, so your ability to distinguish between different stations broadcasting on similar frequencies (selectivity) gets an important improvement.

Yes, certainly if the difference between the frequencies of two differently tuned oscillators is made too small in relation to the amount of mutual coupling that they have (never zero), they will lock together and both will operate at the same frequency. At radio frequencies this is tractable and it is trivial to set up an experimental lashup that lets you twiddle knobs and watch them ping in and out of lock as you vary frequencies and coupling factors. At optical frequencies it is not tractable so you don't use heterodyne methods to modulate a phased array.

"So never mind controlling the phase: We cannot even measure it (yet)."

You don't need to measure the phase in any direct sense, and you don't care about the absolute phase; what you want to do is control the relative phase, which is trivial. For instance/simple example, you can have two beams at the same frequency one of which passes through a crystal whose refractive index varies under an electric field. When it comes out the other end, having gone a wee bit slower for a small distance it will now be in a different phase relative to the unmodified beam. By varying the electric field you can vary how much slower it goes and thus vary the relative phase.

Then you can, for example, mix the two beams to produce your interference pattern, which will be spatially static. Therefore you know that any given point in space in the pattern will be at the same intensity for the same input beam power. You can monitor a suitable selection of these spots with photocells and use the output signal to modulate the electric field applied to the variable refractive index crystal, and then you adjust the various scaling factors in the feedback signal path such that the system automatically adjusts itself to produce whatever pattern you have set up. You don't need to "measure the phase" in any more direct sense than the system automatically self-adjusting to produce a correct output, which you can then analyse to see what the relative phase actually is if you still want to.

I've used a simple example to explain the basic principles. There are a whole raft of different methods that monitor and adjust different parameters in this kind of way, the actual principle remaining the same; it's a well-covered problem, and the main difference between a working explanatory example and a real application is that the real one would not be a lashup.

"Once we have figured out how to control the phase, we need to invent an optical "isolator" to prevent backscatter from the 3GW beam from injection-locking all the lasers."

No we don't. You just don't use methods that depend on avoiding mutual locking. Here we are using a method where having them all lock together is exactly what you need to happen, so it matches the situation perfectly.

"Now scale that up to hundreds of millions of individual laser sources."

Hundreds of millions of sources I have already assumed. They are not "individual sources" in the sense of being able to pick up single units one at a time and count them into a box, like you can with light bulbs. They are more like the "individual transistors" in an integrated circuit. (The whole thing is based around the methods we use today for making integrated circuits: methods which are more precise and controllable than anything else we do. We are already shit hot at them with silicon, we are remarkably good at them with some much more difficult materials, and we've been making demonstration models that work at the scale of individual atoms for decades.)

Nor are they individually controllable at the level of being able to use them to draw pixel patterns like a computer screen does.

"And even if you build your magic laser, that can do all that fancy stuff out of Handwavium-121, it is still not enough to launch it coherently, it must hit the sail coherently.

I know that; I said basically the same thing, expressed with a different focus of emphasis: if you are trying to make sure the beam gets to the other end in a coherent form, then launching a coherent beam in the first place has got to be a jolly good place to start.

I'm not addressing the problem of how to make the beam get all the way to the sail and be coherent when it hits: I know that that's a problem which involves far too many areas that I know more or less fuck all about, so I'm not going to bother with it (though if I spot some specific sub-point that only involves areas I do know about, I might chip in to talk exclusively about that one point).

 Greg Tingey | June 17, 2024 08:36
819:

Howard NYC
what add-in do you rely upon to block pop up ads in Google Chrome?
Get the DuckDuckGo add-on!
I use it in Firefox on this machine ....

H @ 806
Here, of course, Führage's "Reform" party - are NOT a political party, they are a limited company - controlled by the Managing Director - just like the Nazis & Musso's fascists.
Even the tories aren't that bad - yet.

alantyson @ 807
And WHAT ABOUT POLAND? - sandwiched between commie USSR & commie Germany, then?
AND - what happens if they are democratic communists, like those in Kerala (India) at present?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from alantyson | June 17, 2024 08:37
820:

opium in his wine... Kaiser alive can always be turned dead... visited by fence-straddlers not yet ready to choose sides, seen in a state of dull-eyed stoned out he'll be described as having had a massive stroke... nobody will believe it but likely most everyone will go along with the lie

along with many others, amongst the highest of rank leadership, in luxurious surroundings, prisoners in all but name

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 17, 2024 09:56
821:

In my darker moments I wonder if that's the way every model of government eventually fails.

Yep. Had those thoughts myself.

 David L replied to this comment from Moz | June 17, 2024 10:00
822:

Seems to be pretty straightforward for Lord Musk of Mars to coordinate tens of thousands of the fucking things, so it's obviously possible.

From what I've read they talk to each other as they are in groups of following orbits and hand off as they orbit via lasers between the sats. And are all within a few 100 miles of the surface.

The NASA Deep Space Network deals with things outside of earth orbit. Where keeping them organized and in formation may be harder. Plus you still need the DSN to talk to the controlling systems as talking directly to each one via something like the DSN would be hard. I suspect something like this massive swarm would need to be out past the orbit of the moon (like the JWST) and thus NOT be able to use orbital mechanics to keep things in formation.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 10:04
823:

REQUEST: what add-in do you rely upon to block pop up ads in Google Chrome?

I use the free version of Ghostery. Not exactly an ad blocker. It is designed to let you decide what trackers on any one web site work. Which has a side effect of blocking most any ads that are not static and built in.

It can be fun to watch the little counter in the tool bar show how many trackers are on a page. And the number can go from 30 to 50 or more once you allow any for a web page.

Anyway, with Ghostery it is easy to allow you banking to work while turning off the tracking and ads on ESPN and similar.

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 10:10
824:

I agree with Robert that there’s probably a difference between German Marxism and Russian Leninism.

The NY Time (maybe it was the Wash Post) had a long essay in the last week or two about Russia and the society in general. The thesis was that Russian society has over 1000 years of inertia toward authoritarian governments. Service to the state is more important than individual freedom. In general. It doesn't really matter what the form of the government has been, just that the society has preferred authoritarianism for 500 to 1000 years.

And that the 1990s were an aberration, not a new wave.

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 17, 2024 10:17
825:

And WHAT ABOUT POLAND? - sandwiched between commie USSR & commie Germany, then?

If you pick one of those YouTube map based history timelines, well everything from Germany to Moscow has been in a state of flux for 1000 years. (Would this have happened if the Rus (Vikings) not showed up 1000 years ago?)

Anyway Poland, Prussia, the Baltics, Ukraine, etc... have all been in charge of major parts of area at times.

 David L replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 17, 2024 10:31
826:

On the other hand David L says Makita make variants powered by their own rechargeable batteries, and going by the Makita gear I have used or owned, I feel safe just assuming that if Makita say it will handle it, then it will handle it, calmly and peacefully and without any fucking about.

Actually I used Makita as an example of the home low end construction market in the US. There are 5 to 10 major players here. And basically when you pick one you are picking a battery system. (Many don't get this until they realize they are in it and maybe made the wrong choice.)

I'm in the Ryobi ecosystem. Have been for 30 years going back to the NiCAD days. It works well for me. But one thing I (and my son and son in law like) is that Ryobi has decide to make all kinds of widgets which can use one of their two battery styles. (12v and 40v). Inflators up to lawn mowers. flashlights, small to medium saws, drills and drivers, tree trimmers, etc...

I don't know if Makita has inflators. But Makita is in the home "our battery system" will handle all kinds of tools.

I have a couple of Ryobi cheapest (free with other tools) inflators. Noisy and slow. But they also have nicer ones that my kids use for their inflatable small river tubing "boats".

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 17, 2024 10:50
827:

»You don't need to measure the phase in any direct sense, and you don't care about the absolute phase; what you want to do is control the relative phase, which is trivial. For instance/simple example, you can have two beams at the same frequency one of which passes through a crystal whose refractive index varies under an electric field.«

As I said: We have yet to tune two lasers close enough in frequency to make fringes, so your "to beams of the same frequency" is a non-starter.

But assume we figure that out, then assume a solar sail 1000km(!) diameter where Voyager 1 is now (24.5e9km), this is just past the solar bow-wave and where we can seriously start to accelerate our probe.

Seen from the Sun that sail is 40 nano-radians wide - call it 0.0084" if that works better for you.

Next, assume one million 3kW transmitters, each one a square meter (very optimistic) and you have an antenna array 1200km in diameter.

Now you calculate the phase adjustment granularity you need on those lasers, to be able to position the beam in increments of 1/10th of the target = 4 nano-radians. Feel free to assume the antenna array is perfectly orthogonal to the target.

How far is that phase shift at the speed of light ?

And mind you, that is at the start of the acceleration phase, if you push the probe ten times further out, all those numbers get ten times worse.

Even if Handwavium-121 also solves all that, everybody assume interstellar space is empty.

Spoiler: It is not, so the larger the sail the larger the drag. At some point the probe will stop accelerating, because the drag on the sail balances the force imparted by the beam from back home.

Wanna guess how far out that is likely to happen and at what speed ?

Laser-sails are like nuclear power: A brilliant idea until you do the math.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 10:57
828:

»And that the 1990s were an aberration, not a new wave.«

More than you can imagine!

We in the West do not realize how offensive it was to "proper russians" that Boris Yeltsin, an ukranian, became president of Russia. It was in the same emotional territory of a permanently stoned farmer from Puerto Rico becoming president of USA.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 17, 2024 12:27
829:

An RPi has a bunch of spurious peripherals. Do you really think an interstellar probe is going to have a 4-port USB-A layout USB 2 hub? Or even a regular layout RPi PCB complete with the GPIO header pins?

Look at modern chiplet technology, which mounts a bunch of tiny (single mm scale) sub-chips on an interposer inside a regular-looking package. Functions like a single insanely complex CPU (bearing in mind that CPUs these days may have tens of billions of transistors and internal buses, caches, MMUs, specialized GPUs, and a bunch of other stuff that used to be separate PCI card mounted peripherals).

The real problems are keeping the beam collimated and keeping the tiny probe's laser sail aligned with it and undegraded (bearing in mind it's being hit by gigawatts, this is a hard problem: any tiny imperfection and the whole thing is going to evaporate like a snowflake in hell).

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 12:54
830:

Note that the question is NOT how post-war Germany could have become Communist, but what would 1920s Communist Germany look like? Assume I waved a magic sickle and gave certain communists the brains they needed to win their revolution.

Okay.

To get a Communist Germany you need to not have a Communist Russia, but that's easy. Lenin's putsch barely happened -- and it wouldn't have happened if Trotsky, who was ill with flu at the time, had been too sick to get out of bed. (Lenin wouldn't move without T at his side.) Thereafter we handwave a successor to the Kerensky government, or maybe a Tsarist succession under Michael, or something.

You also need a decisive defeat on the Western Front that puts allied boots on the ground in Germany, to stomp the dolchstosslegende flat before it gets its jackboots on and goes marching. This nearly happened -- maybe someone slips Ludendorf some discovered-six-months-early crystal meth in August 2018 and he decides to go for broke and runs up against Plan 1919 (the Anglo-American plan for a spring offensive using what later became known as Blitzkrieg tactics).

You then send off to the alien space bats for a different ending to the German Revolution of 1918/19, which leaves Rosa Luxemburg and Karl Liebknecht running the show (with the added legitimization of being able to say "I told you so" about the whole nationalist mess of the preceding five years).

--I am assuming a communist Germany would become authoritarian in due course, because that seems to be the way communism fails. Any reason not to assume this?

Yes: it depends on how addicted to Theory the revolutionary government is. There's a book urgently climbing my to-read pile called Late Soviet Britain: why materialist utopias fail, by LSE professor of political economy Abby Innes. She compares the eerie structural similarities between Soviet Communism and the past 50 years of neoliberalism in the UK, and points out that the UK was a one-doctrine state: since Thatcher, every government excepts as axiomatic truth a bunch of economic metaphors derived from 19th century physics and clearly unmoored from observable reality. Similarly, the USSR relied on fantasies of rational New Soviet Men and the perfectability of the state planning system (the equivalent in the UK is the self-interested, perfectly informed consumer and the perfection of the market as a system to mediate supply and demand).

Authoritarian personalities cleave to determined, firm, reductionist explanations for complex phenomena even when they're obviously not working, in the face of evidence to the contrary. This damaged the USSR (not so much under Lenin but under his successors after Stalin kicked out Trotsky and purged the Politburo), and it also damaged the UK (first by Thatcher expelling the "wets" from her own cabinet, then the increasingly unhinged insistence on privatizating anything and everything, cut-backs of any state agency that might interfere with the market, refusal to consider any solution to a problem that couldn't be framed favourably in terms of the prevailing doctrine, and so on). (Note for Greg, Pigeon, etc: this is why I'm so gloomy about Kier Starmer -- he's more of the same. At best he'll be the UK's Gorbachev -- too little, too late.)

Luxemburg in particular was a fierce intellectual and stood firm on principle -- so much so that she spent most of the war in prison for her internationalist, anti-war stance. She was a prisoner of conscience, and could well have gone the distance if she hadn't been murdered by Friekorps head-bangers -- think in terms of a Lech Walensa or Nelson Mandela figure. (I hesitate to say Aung San Suu Kyi because her history is very mixed indeed.)

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 13:03
831:

The NASA deep space network with its 3 earth sites is having trouble keeping up with data comm requirements now.

Did you see the streaming video from the last couple of SpaceX Starship test flights?

The obvious solution for coordinating lots of satellites in near-earth space is a constellation of high bandwidth comsats in LEO, which is exactly what SpaceX are using Starlink for in these flight tests. Currently it's to supplement the DSN, and Starlink as-is won't replace the DSN for long range comms any time soon, but something like it's n'th generation descendant -- in a very different bunch of orbits, too -- is exactly what we'd need to coordinate the platforms in a laser array out past lunar orbit.

(The key aspects of Starlink in this respect are (a) ion-propulsion active station keeping, (b) Starlink-to-Starlink laser communications to form a mesh network, (c) ability to transfer a connection between nodes (satellites) in the mesh because it's packet-switched. This is not your grandpa's Telstar, to put it mildly, and while all these things are finding their way into other comsats already, Starlink shows it working at scale for insanely high bandwidth -- streaming multiple 4K high-def video signals from a re-entering spaceship while avoiding its plasma wake, for example.)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 13:03
832:

It doesn't really matter what the form of the government has been, just that the society has preferred authoritarianism for 500 to 1000 years.

Talking about the spirit of a nation seems very appropriate for a century ago, but let’s put some mechanisms on that particular Ship of Theseus.

One is that the Soviets inherited much of the Tsarist bureaucracy, military, and intelligence service. Inherited, in this sense, meant they co-opted them during the Revolution and the Civil War that followed, then got stuck with those rather authoritarian institutions. Same thing happened when Russia took over from the USSR. That cultural continuity will last until those institutions get abolished and replaced with new ones with new personnel and new rules. Comparisons with the Chinese Mandate of Heaven (a story created by the bureaucrats to help them survive regime change) are rather apt.

Another is that the Russians around 400-500 years ago swiped a taxation scheme from the Mongols or their successors: create government-owned bars, tax each drink, and make it hard for the peasants to make their own beer and wine. It worked great as a way to raise revenue. Problem was, they couldn’t afford all the tax collectors or the bureaucracy to keep them honest, so they farmed out tax collection. The tax farmers bought permits and split the proceeds from their saloons with the state. Ripe for corruption begins to describe this situation, as does corrupt oligarch/aristocracy. And they settled on the cheapest, easiest, strongest alcohol they could produce: vodka. Corruption aside, vodka taxes paid for the Tsarist military for centuries. Encouraging alcoholism became a national duty. Starting in the 19th Century, Tsars, Stalin, and apparently even Putin all tried to change this system, but corruption and enforced complicity (we go sober and you lose your military) defeated all reforms. Typically the reformers ended up embracing the system, possibly in despair or tyrannical rage. I predict we’ll break America’s parallel addiction to oil before Russia stops taxing vodka, mostly because oil isn’t renewable.

Going back to a hypothetical German Communist state, one of the key questions is what the Commies would be forced to incorporate intact from the Kaiser. Probably the military, as happened with the Weimar Republic. But what about things like taxes, bureaucracy, and intelligence? This is a big part of the historical contingency issue we’re all wrestling with.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 17, 2024 13:16
833:

East Germany was profoundly shaped by WWII (and Stalinism and Nazism). I think it would have been quite different if established sooner.

Reminder that East Germany was never de-Nazified -- while the Soviets shot a lot of the senior Nazis, the low-level party members often just swapped armbands and joined the Communist Party. The Nazis made party membership compulsory for professionals, so short of shooting all the doctors and teachers and architects, what were the NKVD going to do?

In any case, the personality type of the low-level members -- authoritarian followers, per Altermeyer -- were broadly similar regardless of ideology. There's a maximum leader who tells us what to do, a bunch of slogans to memorize and repeat, this is what an Enemy of the Party looks like (and here's your hotline for reporting them), and so on.

So in some respects the GDR carried on just like the Third Reich. (In other respects, not so much.)

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 13:51
834:

»Going back to a hypothetical German Communist state«

I hate to do this to you, but what do you actually mean when you say "Germany" ?

Kaisers, Führers and foreigners have talked about "Germany" as if it was one single country, without ever making it one, certainly not in the period you picked: To this day, the voting patterns in Germany quite clearly reflects events which happened five hundred years go.

If things got unruly inside Germany, many border regions would be more than welcom to switch allegiances: Schleswig, Holstein and Mecklenburg would have no trouble becoming Danish (again) if they wanted to, everything West of the Rhein would be welcomed back into France etc.

Depending on your view, that makes everything much harder or easier :-)

 TonyM replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 14:09
835:

I am 100% Linux Operating System (Linux Mint 21.3 Cinnamon) I use Firefox with DuckDuckGo as my search engine, and with Ghostery and Ad Blocker Plus as Firefox extensions. Even on YouTube I have very little, or mostly, no problem with ads and pop ups.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 17, 2024 14:11
836:

I hate to do this to you, but what do you actually mean when you say "Germany" ?

That's also a good question, and one I'm thinking about.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 14:18
837:

To get a Communist Germany you need to not have a Communist Russia, but that's easy. Lenin's putsch barely happened -- and it wouldn't have happened if Trotsky, who was ill with flu at the time, had been too sick to get out of bed. (Lenin wouldn't move without T at his side.) Thereafter we handwave a successor to the Kerensky government, or maybe a Tsarist succession under Michael, or something.

Thanks for that response!

This quote above is one part I don't understand. Both you and alantyson seem to be working from a position of Communist Russia or Germany, not both. But it appears that you each are using a different reason? Or are you also positing that Lenin must be present for it to happen?

I'll admit to confusion, because my naive reading of the history of that time seemed to say that the communism was the Arab Spring of its day, successful-ish in Russia and contagious everywhere else. So I was assuming naively that it might just be a bit more contagious and spread to both Russia and Germany. What am I missing?

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 14:28
838:

My take is that Lenin was an intensely polarizing force in Russia, and without him there wouldn't have been a communist revolution there -- socialists, maybe, but willing to go into coalition with other parties.

And the Russian revolution is what sensitized the West to communism and led to eg. the Red Scare in the USA in 1920, British military aid to the White Russian side in the Civil War, the hard backlash against the communists in Germany after the 1918 revolution, and so on.

(The old monarchies were afraid that Communism would be, as you say, an Arab Spring, so violently suppressed it. Or rather, that it'd be a re-run of 1848, and maybe a dose of the Paris Commune on top.)

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 14:29
839:

That's also a good question, and one I'm thinking about.

Germany is a good one to use to find some youtube videos on historical geography. Even if you disagree with the naration about "why", the graphics of borders over time are very interesting to watch.

Germany since around well 0AD is interesting. Considering that in rough terms the Vandals (?) got pushed out by the Mongols into Spain then took over Rome 1500 or so years ago. Does that mean Italy is really German?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 14:54
840:

uhm...

perhaps revise from "Germany" to "German speaking regions/provinces"

then there's the usual rural versus urban divide...

which regions would be wholeheartedly favoring one mode of political doctrine over all others?

so... you get a chunk of 'crown loyalists' in 'Blueberg' province and mining towns of 'TinWhistle Valley'... whereas what's eagerly embraced in 'Bavarian Black Forest' province is quasi-communism (Marxism with German attributes) due to how it ties into promoting exports of cuckkoo clocks

other dividing line include along caste/class/wealth

there's gonna be mine owners with a different set of expectations of any new-ish government from their worker bee miners

factory owners will want labor unions coopted if impossible to stillborn

with disgruntled riffraff and drunkards and dis-frocked clergy as potentially clueless bullet sponges whenever there's a need for street level violence

...and as always college students (who are 97+% male) not realizing they'll be useful idiots

 Pigeon | June 17, 2024 15:11
841:

I have identified some of my recent posting on here as pathologically compulsive behaviour, and I think it is best I should avoid posting entirely for at least a few days. This post is partly to remind myself, and partly to let anyone who cares know that I'm not just being rude in abandoning non-pathological conversations in midstream.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 15:13
842:

Q: effects of "Spanish Flu"...?

chicken or egg? outcome of pandemic is political upheaval? or switchover of governments disrupts effort to respond

either way the mess leads into public health crisis

as added fun times...

what if the death rate was not 2% but 12%? 1/8 of central Europe dead 'n dying

here's another outbreak of something nasty in our timeline:

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/17/asia/japan-record-spike-stss-bacterial-infection-intl-hnk/index.html

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 15:20
843:

Q: what of foreigners having property rights?

might be a subplot?

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/17/homes/florida-law-bans-chinese-citizens-buying-homes/index.html

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 15:25
844:

and as always college students (who are 97+% male)

Joking?

Or do you have stats?

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 17, 2024 15:27
845:

I was going to ask ...!

(I've been skimming past your deep dive into tire technology (I think?) but your normal posts are a lot shorter than these chapter-length exegeses, and I was wondering if you were okay, or making heavy weather of a medical change, or something.)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 15:30
846:

Thanks for the clarification!

I’d add only that, at least as I understand it, part of the virulent reaction to communism might have been that the Serbian nationalists who assassinated Franz Ferdinand and ignited the Great War were seen somewhat as anarchists. In the US, President McKinley’s assassin was an anarchist. Obviously communists and anarchists aren’t identical, but the danger of “propaganda of the deed,” even if it didn’t set off a global revolution, would seem quite real to those in power, especially in a US exposed to a lot of stochastic violence thanks to Jim Crow.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 15:32
847:

hmmm...

heck... never mind Germany...

"People's Republic of Canada" ruled by the "Canadian Communist Party"

flag is solid red with a moose superimposed upon a maple leaf

or maybe instead of criss-crossing hammer 'n sickle... shovel 'n skies

and when USA implements Prohibition, it is Washington that establish the Iron Curtain along the shared border... complete with barbed wire and snarling guard dogs and bribe taking goons in federal police uniforms...

...I cannot remember the name of Fred Trump's father but there's a vague memory of him being a nasty piece of work (much like his grandson Donald) involved in construction in New York City or maybe Boston... be a hoot if Granpa Trump got the contract to build the wall between PRC and USA... and his son took over grazing into the same pork barrel and in turn his coke snorting grandson

 Greg Tingey | June 17, 2024 15:35
848:

Charlie ... um ....
Authoritarian personalities cleave to determined, firm, reductionist explanations for complex phenomena even when they're obviously not working, in the face of evidence to the contrary.
Sounds & looks like a Religion, to me!
I mean, christianity & islam are celarly 150% bollocks, but .....

David L
Does that mean Italy is really German? - have you never heard of: The Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation? !!

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 15:36
849:

I vaguely recall European universities frowned upon female students

how resistant German universities is one of those phantom memories... less than 3% of students being female could well be utterly wrong

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 15:47
850:

I vaguely recall European universities frowned upon female students

I'll speak in US school terms instead of wrongly using those of the UK and Germany.

My daughter did her senior year of high school in Germany. In a Gymnasium in the Harz mountain area. Gymnasium is for kids who are 99% going to college. It was a decent 50/50 mix. And typical from my understanding.

And we have cousins around southern Germany. All of the ladies have been to college. I think your understanding comes from bad information.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 15:54
851:

"Do you really think an interstellar probe is going to have a 4-port USB-A layout USB 2 hub?"

Obviously not. (Did you wake up on the wrong side of bed today?) A Raspberry PI just makes a useful starting point for thinking about size/weight issues. But imagine you need to defend a (much more sophisticated) board of that size/weight... the shielding alone for four lightyears of interstellar media plus radiation is prohibitive, much less the question of attaching a bunch of sensors which would actually be useful, or the necessary gear to navigate once the probe was actually in-system at Proxima Centauri, or a radio which would usefully send data back towards Earth.

Even if you accepted 1/10 G as reasonable acceleration and went to a kilogram you still wouldn't get anything useful to Proxima Centauri. You might do okay with 1/100 G and ten kilograms, but I'd have my doubts: How do you keep it from ablating, and how do you decelerate?

The expense of doing anything useful in interstellar space so utterly dwarfs the expense of building a telescope with a 1 kilometer mirror and simply pointing it at Proxima Centauri (then everything else you might want to look at) that you might as well howl at the moon.

 alantyson replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 16:03
852:

OGH and I have more or less the same take (he said, snivelingly), that you don't get the USSR without Lenin.

Where it gets confusing is, you may very well end up with Russia forming a Union of Socialist Soviet Republics, since "soviet" just translates to "workers' governing council," a bunch of which formed before, during, and even after the 1905 Revolution, and which shared power with the Provisional Government after the 1917 Revolution. It's just that this USSR is not Lenin's USSR, and its ideology could be anything. Social Democrats? On the table. Confederation of loosely-united soviets spread across the former Russian Empire? Maybe (though I don't imagine that lasts very long). Constitutional Monarchy with Tsar Nicholas II retained as a figurehead, or heck, maybe Alexei gets the crown if his dad abdicates (or is made to abdicate). My personal guess is something to the left of Kerensky and to the right of Trotsky, but I'll not put good money down on anything more specific.

But you're talking about Germany... and Poul-Henning Kamp made that discussion way more fun.

Frankly, maybe you don't get a communist Germany at all: maybe the dream of Germanification dies at the end of the First World War, and a map of Europe gets a lot more colorful... but Berlin is bright red on that map. Maybe you end up with something like the Paris Commune, but maybe this time they manage to hold it together! And not only hold it together, but freed from having to manage a huge, diverse nation, the Berlin Commune thrives. Maybe the UK, France, et al, even leave them alone, because they're not a threat, and everyone's damned sick of war and no one wants to fight house-to-house in a major European city just to pry out some communards who don't even have an army anymore.

But if Berlin thrives under communist rule, maybe the communists in other cities start to take notice... and take notes...

 alantyson | June 17, 2024 16:10
853:

In short, the 1917 Revolution was a historically terrifying and amazing moment where anything could have happened, but only one thing actually did. A similar revolution in Germany would, I think, but the same, only more so.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 16:14
854:

Women were frequently excluded from universities until the second half of this century -- pretty much universally excluded, before the second half of the 19th century. See for example Clara Immerwahr who became the first German woman to earn a PhD in Chemistry in 1900. She -- unwisely -- married Fritz Haber who wanted a barefoot-and-pregnant stay-at-home wife and claimed much of her research findings as his own; she shot herself in 1915, possibly in protest against the war. See also Mileva Marić, Albert Einstein's first wife and collaborator. (There was a longstanding and deplorable pattern of male researchers taking credit for their wives' work.)

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 16:25
855:

Trust me. I know. But I thought we were talking about now. Not 70+ years ago.

At the engineering college of the University of Kentucky in the 70s. (Yes we had such and it wasn't bad. But there were no Nobel prizes in the lineage.

Anyway, they had pictures of graduates in the student common areas. 10 to 30 GUYS until after WWII. Then 50 to 100 then more after that. But even when I was there in the mid 70s there were over 900 engineering students. Of which 9 were female. And 5 of those were in Chemical Engineering so we never saw them as they spent most of their time in the Chem/Physics building.

My how things have changed. I have phone numbers in my iPhone for ladies who did such things as graduate with honors from MIT after going there with a perfect SAT scores. (Sorry if this is too USA but perfect SAT scores are rare to say the least. And she got made when she missed one question the first time so took it again to get the perfect score.) Plus an assortment of medical docs and such. Want to suddenly go from feeling most of the time like one of the smarter folks in a room to one of the dumber? Attend a wedding for such an MIT grad and be surrounded by 20 of her friends who are at your house working on wedding plans.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 16:35
856:

Heteromeles @ 789:

Apropos of asking the hive mind...

I've been toying with an alt history where Germany went communist after WW1. I'm not much of a scholar of central Europe or communism, so I thought I'd toss this idea out to people here who know far more than I do.

Communist like some early Christian's - "sell all you have and give to the poor" & live communally?

or

Communist like the Bolsheviks in Russia - "Meet the new boss, same as the old boss" ... ?

Note that the question is NOT how post-war Germany could have become Communist, but what would 1920s Communist Germany look like? Assume I waved a magic sickle and gave certain communists the brains they needed to win their revolution.

It's said that "The ends don't justify the means ...", but the end state is dependent on the means chosen to achieve them.

How might the Russian "communism" have turned out if the February Revolution had worked & the October Revolution failed?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 16:43
857:

Heteromeles @ 800:

It’s fascinatin, for example, how ‘OumuAmua appears to have come from nowhere.

Not particularly surprising though, there's a lot more "nowhere" out there than there are "somewheres".

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from JohnS | June 17, 2024 16:59
858:

Yeah, sorry about the typos.

The point about something like 'Oumuamua is that it most likely got ejected from a stellar system at some point, and has been orbiting the galactic center ever since. If you're doing paranoid basic security on an interstellar probe, you don't want anything about it to lead back to its origin. So don't travel in a straight line (kink the trajectory when entering the target system, don't decelerate with something insanely noticeable like an Amat or fusion torch, or a big solar sail, look like a piece of interstellar junk*, don't loudly livecast from the target system, and if under detectable surveillance, act like a piece of interstellar junk, which means kinking the arrival vector into a hyperbolic escape path that will passively take around the star and out without any active thrust being necessary.

Now, it's also possible to have the above be the mother ship, and have it eject a loud, noisy probe to attract attention, while the mother probe coasts through, collects the output data, and escapes with it as necessary.

*One important thing about space junk like 'Oumuamua--it survived who knows how many eons between the stars. Modeling the cladding of an interstellar vehicle on materials like that is not a bad idea, simply because we know it can survive.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 17:03
859:

Howard NYC @ 808:

REQUEST: what add-in do you rely upon to block pop up ads in Google Chrome? or is there a browser that is less prone to overlaying content in four layers of eye-glaring pop up crap?

thanks in advance

I use the HOSTS file for a lot of that. If the call to the pop-up site can't find it then usually it just doesn't appear. Occasionally I do get a notice from the web page that I appear to be blocking ads and very rarely, I'll get a blank pop-up with plain text that says it can't reach the pop-up ad site.

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=Using+a+HOSTS+file+to+block+ads

I understand this also works for Apple & Linux.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 17:06
860:

until the second half of this century

"previous" ??

She -- unwisely -- married Fritz Haber

I've read a lot of speculation that Einstein's first wife was behind much of his standout year of 1905. The question seems to be who had more brains behind the papers. Much of it is rank speculation but she wasn't NOT smart.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 17:18
861:

Women were frequently excluded from universities until the second half of this century -- pretty much universally excluded, before the second half of the 19th century.

Apropos of that, may I recommend Shohini Ghose's book Her Space, Her Time?

Dr. Ghose is an excellent writer. (Not to mention an engaging speaker and fascinating conversationalist: if you get live near Waterloo grab any chance you can to go to one of her public lectures. She was the person who first explained quantum physics in a way I could actually understand.)

Women physicists and astronomers from around the world have transformed science and society, but the critical roles they played in their fields are not always well-sung. Her Space, Her Time, authored by award-winning quantum physicist Shohini Ghose, brings together the stories of these remarkable women to celebrate their indelible scientific contributions.

In each chapter of the book, Ghose explores a scientific topic and explains how the women featured in that chapter revolutionized that area of physics and astronomy. In doing so, she also addresses particular aspects of women's experiences in physics and astronomy: in the chapter on time, for instance, we learn of Henrietta Leavitt and Margaret Burbidge, who helped discover the big bang and the cosmic calendar; in the chapter on space exploration, we learn of Anigaduwagi (Cherokee) aerospace scientist Mary Golda Ross, who helped make the Moon landings possible; and in the chapter on subatomic particles, we learn of Marietta Blau, Hertha Wambacher, and Bibha Chowdhuri, who contributed to the discovery of the building blocks of the universe, and, in doing so, played a crucial role in determining who gets to do physics today.

https://mitpress.mit.edu/9780262048316/her-space-her-time/


Also, if anyone has Apple TV and has watched Lessons in Chemistry I'd welcome their take on it. I have it in my 'watch next' queue, but watching TV isn't really my thing so I haven't got to it yet. I haven't read the book it's based on.

https://www.imdb.com/title/tt13911628/

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 17, 2024 17:49
862:

Also, if anyone has Apple TV and has watched Lessons in Chemistry I'd welcome their take on it.

Amazingly well done. I haven't read the book but women who have said it was a well done TV series.

It was "must see TV" for my wife and myself when it came out. Better than Queen's Gambit which was also excellent.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 17:52
863:

David L @ 844:

"and as always college students (who are 97+% male)"

Joking?

Or do you have stats?

Germany ... 1920s ... immediately post WW1 ... that was very nearly true even here in the U.S. (+/- a percentage point or two) prior to WW1.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 18:10
864:

David L @ 850:

"I vaguely recall European universities frowned upon female students"

I'll speak in US school terms instead of wrongly using those of the UK and Germany.

My daughter did her senior year of high school in Germany. In a Gymnasium in the Harz mountain area. Gymnasium is for kids who are 99% going to college. It was a decent 50/50 mix. And typical from my understanding.

And we have cousins around southern Germany. All of the ladies have been to college. I think your understanding comes from bad information.

Modern sensibilities. That's Germany TODAY - 79 years after WW2; 33 years after reunification (following 46 years of division East & West) ...

What about Germany in 1920, at the time of our hypothetical communist takeover following WW1?

What were the educational opportunities for German women in the immediate post-WW1 period? How would that have affected the outcome THEN.

 David L replied to this comment from JohnS | June 17, 2024 18:21
865:

What were the educational opportunities for German women in the immediate post-WW1 period? How would that have affected the outcome THEN.

My wife's aunt, born in 1920, studied psychology at a university in Germany. Didn't get to finish due to well, things got messy if you do the math.

But I know a single data point is but a single data point.

 Grant replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 17, 2024 18:30
866:

No. It was simpler than that. I first wrote "Boss cat" and then thought that as lots of non-UK people read this, I should also put the name in that they are familiar with to avoid confusion.

Nothing more. :)

I only recall because it was one of my favourite TV programs - well if Supercar and Fireball XL5 were not showing.

 JohnS | June 17, 2024 18:45
867:

Ok, some more this 'n that I've run across on the web recently that I think is interesting enough to share:

From the Lawyers, Guns & Money Blog: AI and Me

The phrase "environmentally wasteful plagiarism engine" struck a chord ...

A post from CNBC on the salary a single person needs to make ends meet in every U.S. state ...

"That’s roughly the median income needed to cover basic expenses, according to a new analysis by SmartAsset, which looked at estimates for housing, transportation, health care, taxes and other common expenses, as tracked by the MIT Living Wage calculator."

I dunno where to find a similar breakdown for the U.K. and European Countries ... if the "hive mind" can come up with a similar breakdown I'd be interested.

I find such articles interesting because my income is about 2/3 (or less) of what THEY say I need to live around here. I am living on it, and I may even be close to thriving on it.

... but I wonder what's going to happen to my income if certain people have their way with Social Security and government pensions (Army Retired Pay). Will I still be able to survive?

... and a CNN interview with a HAMAS leader (in Beirut): Hamas official says ‘no one has any idea’ how many Israeli hostages are still alive

NO further COMMENT because responding to this WILL make me intemperate.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from alantyson | June 17, 2024 18:58
868:

Maybe you end up with something like the Paris Commune, but maybe this time they manage to hold it together!

I can see a victorious 1918 France being totally down with a Berlin Commune in event of the Reich breaking apart into a patchwork quilt. It weakens Prussia enormously (the old enemy) and payback is a bitch, right? (Payback for 1871.)

 alantyson replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 17, 2024 19:07
869:

I suppose it would be Berlin's turn, after all.

 Pixodaros replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 19:27
870:

I have seen a review or a blurb for a novel where Berlin specifically became a socialist republic after WW I, try poking around some of the review sites like Scalzi's blog or James Davis Nicoll's? If I had any more details I would give them.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 21:51
871:

we've been focused upon Germany circa 1910s & 1920s...

not post-fall-of-da-wall

back trace this topic thread

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 17, 2024 22:02
872:

Netanyahu: more like the other way around. The instant he's out of power, and immune, he'll be prosecuted like another "leader" you might be aware of, and he will go to jail. As will his wife.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 22:05
873:

To say Lenin would object, if he could, wouuld be a massive understatement.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 22:10
874:

Which is why there won't be a new civil war in the US: if the nuts actually started one, the military would, overwhelmingly, obey their Oath, and the rest of us would support them. When they discovered they were the omes being mowed down, it would end, fast.

Example: during the vote counting of Nov 2020, I think it was TFG who called for his supporters to "surround Philly". Um, first, from Philly International Airport to Northeast Airport is about 21 mi. Second... they're going to find enough wackoes to do that... and then the inner city gangs decide they REALLY don't like that, arrange a truce, and then take the "surrounders" out. Tell me an inner-city armed gang couldn't handle a self-proclaimed militia with ease.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 17, 2024 22:13
875:

Egypt, I read, used to own the Gaza Strip, but for over 15 years has said NOPE to taking it back. They don't want to have their country destabilized.

 whitroth replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 17, 2024 22:17
876:

There was a recent conference to look at interstellar probes, and they wound up looking at a bunch of microprobles, sent off with laser-pushed solar sails.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 17, 2024 22:20
877:

But did they carry the Phil Silvers show in the UK? Wikipedia thinks Top Cat was a parody of the Phil Silvers show... though I don't think of it as a parody, any more than I think of The Flintstones as a "parody" of The Jackie Gleason Show".

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from JohnS | June 17, 2024 22:22
878:

»What were the educational opportunities for German women in the immediate post-WW1 period?«

In most of northern Europe women were allowed to attend university, or pretty much any other education, if they had the resources to do so, but they could not sit the exams. Having attended for instance math at university, even without the exam, opened job opportunities where those skills were valuable.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 17, 2024 22:23
879:

Eternal youth? No, thank you. After you've lived through too many people close to you dying, and politics going literally mad, you get tired, and "youth" won't help. That's your brain, and your memories.

Unless you're thinking of an old short, where we've created machines that can literally duplicate anything, and the PoV character runs into this couple that does all the crazy stuff partying, then jumps into the hopper of a machine at the end of the day, and it recreates them as they were at the beginning of the day. No worries about what booze/drugs do...

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 22:26
880:

Why would you want your probe to come home? Why not let it keep going to system after system, and dump the data home (which, if you're STL, would get home sooner)?

 JohnS | June 17, 2024 22:30
881:

I just got polled.

Based on the questions I'm pretty sure the polling firm was working for the GQP candidate for the State Legislature in the district I lived in before I moved a year ago.

Also pretty sure my answers are going to disappoint him.

Caught me right in the middle of watching a YouTube video on what REALLY happened in the Bronze Age Collapse, so it's not like I had anything more important to do. It amused me.

One interesting thing, the pollster sounded like she might be ESL (English as a Second Language) & working from home (because she had to stop and repeat questions several times because a rooster crowing in the background drowned her out). 😏

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 17, 2024 22:45
882:

I've seen a lot of suggestions here, but no one has suggested the obvious one: Congress has more isolationists, and Wilson ran on a platform of keeping the US OUT of WWI. So, he does.

There were already mutinies at the front, on both sides. And the upper classes leading the war... were, shall we say, thinned a LOT.

The troops rise up, and arrange their own peace treaty (officers in agreement, or somewhere in the mid, face down).

Marx expected the Revolution in already industrialized countries, with a history of democracy... like Germany. Nationalize the "means of production" - that is, the huge factories. Farming in Europe was a lot different than the US - as I understand it, you lived in a village, and went out to your fields. And worked together, for things like harvest. I can easily see co-ops, rather than the forced collectivization that Stalin pushed, encouraged by the new governments. And French Republicans/socialists are fine with their German counterparts. The conservative farmers see themselves losing to the voluntary collectives, and without a government to help them crush them (as happened in the US), they give in.

Surely Lenin would see all this around him, and want to go back to his own country to do the same... but now he's got more data, as he sees things work.

The big question is what happens to Stalin? Does Trotsky outmaneuver him? Does T keep Lenin from being "helped along"? And since T was pro-international socialism, he'd have a bigger backing, with Germany and possibly France gaining democratic socialist governments.

Mussolini may come to power, at least for a while, in Italy, but the Insurgent Generals in Spain fail, without support from Germany, and the Republicans/anarchists get the support from Germany and France.

The Civil War in the USSR is aborted early, esp. with no armies from the US or Britain helping.

The Us, soon, becomes horrified at a socialist Europe, and turns more isolationist.

Btw, folks, the Red Scare in the US started in 1919, not 1920. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palmer_Raids They mostly crushed the Wobblies in that, with 120/ sorry, 119 arrested. (They decided - I'm not making this up - to not charge a Hispanic Wobbly named, Jesus Christos...)

 whitroth replied to this comment from timrowledge | June 17, 2024 22:47
883:

Been done. Doc Smith, Lensmen series, back in the 30's or 40's. You power up a ton of asteroids, and use the whole Solar System as a radio tube... Works great for zapping rogue worlds tossed at us.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 17, 2024 22:53
884:

The 1990s? When former Soviets and others with money were in the right place, and bought major parts of Soviet industry, etc, for pennies (beating out the West, to the West's distress), and the 90% of citizens had horrible times, including occasional starvation?

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 17, 2024 22:58
885:

One comment - that calculators's absurd. It says, for example, that this is what you need to live in IL, regardless of where in Chicago you live, or if you lived downstate.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 17, 2024 23:26
886:

sadly... lots of these polls are a mode of stealth delivery of sound bites and/or extremist memes and/or talking points...

folks feeling flattered their opinion is valued, lowering their automatic wariness by a bit

effectively viral injection via phone communication

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 17, 2024 23:28
887:

read up on the 'bonus army'

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonus_Army

 ilya187 replied to this comment from whitroth | June 17, 2024 23:33
888:

Eternal youth? No, thank you. After you've lived through too many people close to you dying

You are assuming that you are the only one who gets eternal youth. In any realistic scenario (inasmuch as eternal youth is realistic), if you get it, so do many if not all other people.

 Greg Tingey | June 17, 2024 23:36
889:

Rbt Prior @ 861
SEE ALSO - the career & deliberate misdirection (away) from a Nobel Prize of Jocelyn Bell-Burnell

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Moz | June 18, 2024 00:22
890:

No, it's a joke sorry. "I was driving past Gosford and I waved..."

 Moz replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 18, 2024 01:04
891:

That's slightly disappointing. But the least I can do is wave back... 🙋‍♂️

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from whitroth | June 18, 2024 01:49
892:

Why would you want your probe to come home? Why not let it keep going to system after system, and dump the data home (which, if you're STL, would get home sooner)?

By analogy, I’m going to ask a billionaire to give me a billion dollars to create an autonomous prospecting robot to find gold or other precious substances in them that hills. When it finds something, maybe decades later, it surfaces and broadcasts, at 50,000 watts on popular FM, AM, and shortwave bands where it is and exactly what it’s found.

Do you think the billionaire would buy it?

A star probe that takes centuries to reach anything interesting has the problem that it’s highly likely that no one will hear any report it sends home, for any of a number of reasons. Worse, everything past that target receiver will get the information instead. It’s not a private communication, and it may well be the equivalent of summoning random unknown beings from the vastly deep without a pentacle. Dinner time!

Do the probe comes home, finds someone to talk to, and trades a mission report for a refit, a cushy retirement, or whatever. Takes longer, but the information goes to those who want it.

 Leroy F. Berven | June 18, 2024 02:20
893:

whitroth @ 874: Tell me an inner-city armed gang couldn't handle a self-proclaimed militia with ease.

Think: Keystone Kops vs. the Three Stooges. Although, based on some of the news media reports I've seen from time to time during the last few decades, I would not be surprised to see the gang show up with more (nominal) firepower, worse fire discipline, and even less tactical competence than the militia.

OTOH, going up against a more-or-less trained Girl Scout troop, equipped with similar equipment, either the gang or the militia would be toast.

 Leroy F. Berven | June 18, 2024 02:54
894:

Heteromeles @ 846:

During roughly 1840 - 1940, in both North America and Europe, the distinctions between anarchists, socialists, communists, labor agitators, and assorted other complainers about social, economic, and political conditions tended to be ignored, or at least widely disregarded, among the governing elites. The critical point, for most observers from penthouse level, was generally not the specific change(s) being proposed by any particular agitator, but the fact that more-than-minimal changes were being proposed at all.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 18, 2024 03:14
895:

what part of "transition to a new chassis" is ambiguous?

 Damian replied to this comment from David L | June 18, 2024 03:18
896:

I don't know if Makita has inflators. But Makita is in the home "our battery system" will handle all kinds of tools.

They do... I see Bunnings sell them "skin only" for A$179. I might have to get one.

Even if I do, it'll be the dedicated (but slow!) version with the integrated LiFePO4 battery that I keep in the car.

 Damian replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 18, 2024 03:44
897:

FWIW I often or even usually skip over most other people's very long posts, but generally will read yours if I can because, going by my experience hanging around here for the last 10-or-so years, I usually learn something worth knowing about from them. Best of luck grappling with whatever it is you have to.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Leroy F. Berven | June 18, 2024 04:10
898:

"in beer there is courage"

and

"seated on a bar stool everyone is the winning quarterback of yesterday's game"

and

"it's not my fault I failed; blame the Jews"

there is always going to be some bunch of embittered men (and women) ready to hurt someone as much as the world hurt them...

in the USA there has been a seedy, moldering glamour attached to rehashing the (First) Civil War and clueless chatter about it being a Noble But Lost Cause

these guys are best at glowering and making others feel exposed to harm but by definition they've never fully succeeded at much of anything... which does not mean they will not inflict harm before being arrested-stopped-disarmed

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Pigeon | June 18, 2024 04:16
899:

dude... could be worse... could be raining...

https://youtu.be/mC4VflOayBw

 Damian replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 18, 2024 04:36
900:

the Reich breaking apart into a patchwork quilt. It weakens Prussia enormously

Given a considerable proportion of the Empire consisted of former HRE-aligned states that were permanently ceded by Austria in the Napoleonic Era and earlier, and that the Habsburg Empire also finally broke up in 1918, a weakened Prussian influence could still present as a fertile ground for a pan-Germanism different to both the second and third Reichs. After all the Serbs got their pan-(southern)-slavic state. Not clear how it works with all the smaller nationalisms (see also Magyarisation and Czechification) and the obvious antisemitism everywhere. It does seem like for the most part the nations that came out of the 1918-1920 period were all made up of existing political communities that wanted to work together. Would a new Bavarian administration, for instance, decide to give up on this "Prussian experiment" and re-establish ties with Vienna, assuming they both fell on the same side on the revolution of counter-revolution?

 Damian replied to this comment from Moz | June 18, 2024 04:54
901:

I'll have to try harder next time we make it down there :) Last year we were staying in North Sydney, but all over the place during the days (the only friends we caught up with were at Parramatta and Penrith) and on that NW freeway more times than I really enjoyed (well, you end up on that even if you don't actually go in to Sydney).

 paws4thot replied to this comment from whitroth | June 18, 2024 05:29
902:

Lensman series 1948 to '54 ( or '60 if we include The Vortex Blaster aka Master(s) of the Vortex).

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 18, 2024 06:51
903:

Howard NYC @ 886:

sadly... lots of these polls are a mode of stealth delivery of sound bites and/or extremist memes and/or talking points...

folks feeling flattered their opinion is valued, lowering their automatic wariness by a bit

effectively viral injection via phone communication

Wasting their time and money with me. Wasn't going to vote for any republiQans before the call, still ain't gonna' vote for any republiQans.

Especially since I'm pretty sure it WAS a push poll for the republiQan candidate in the Legislative District at my old address & I'm in a different Legislative District now.

I changed my registration to my new address a year ago.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 18, 2024 09:08
904:

what you're overlooking is you likely one of hundreds (most likely thousands maybe tens of thousands) contacted

numbers and more numbers

getting a rumor started or a meme circulating or a talking point or a new product getting buzz... numbers

also: the companies providing such services proclaim their product is the best, the most effective, and therefore worth paying for... never mind whether it works as promised

much the same as any upmarket restaurant serving up escargot as appetizer for eighty bucks a plate when all they've done was drown garden snails in molten garlicked butter

 Howard NYC | June 18, 2024 09:18
905:

YET MORE "ACCUSATIONS ARE CONFESSIONS"

QUOTE: "...Dallas-area megachurch pastor Robert Morris admitted to “inappropriate sexual behavior with a young lady” in the 1980s... age 12... a senior pastor at Gateway Church and a member of﻿ then-candidate Donald Trump’s Evangelical Executive Advisory Board during the 2016 campaign..."

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/17/us/robert-morris-gateway-church-sexual-abuse-allegations/index.html

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from whitroth | June 18, 2024 11:37
906:

Which is why there won't be a new civil war in the US: if the nuts actually started one, the military would, overwhelmingly, obey their Oath

Wrong.

You're assuming a new civil war would resemble the last civil war, with uniformed armies marching back and forth defending territory and trying to take enemy states.

In reality, a new civil war would resemble the Rwanda genocide of the 1990s, only with social media chatrooms to coordinate attackers and provide target lists, and AR-15s instead of machetes.

It'd be Y'all Qaida deciding it's Boogaloo Day/The Day of the Rope, then checking a purpose-built app designed by neo-nazi techbros to identify and doxx nearby enemies -- enemies identified as such by their social media footprint -- and coordinating a bunch of assholes in pickup trucks to converge on their home, execute a drive-by shooting, then get the hell out of town before the police show up.

Imagine a thousand such incidents happening in every state on the same day. Total overload and paralysis -- and that's before the inherently authoritarian cops realize that they're not the targets, that the targets are the liberals and the fags and commies and ethnic minorities.

There'll be sporadic attempts at law enforcement, and even a few arrests, but it'll take days or weeks before it comes under control, by which time the death toll will be in the hundreds of thousands to millions and the illusion of social cohesion will have been shattered (or so the heirs of Timothy McVeigh would like to imagine).

Evidence for why it'll play out this way? Your current epidemic of school shootings, which happens nowhere else on Earth. (Bear in mind it's mostly shootings in public schools, not expensive gated private schools: it also plays into the hands of the home schooling/religious right nutters, and the school vouchers fans like Betsy DeVos who want to use it to fund religious schools and shatter the tenuous nation-building consensus fostered by public education. Oh, and desegregation, naturally. They haven't forgotten ...)

 Howard NYC | June 18, 2024 12:33
907:

an oddly satisfying sub-plotline for alt-Com-Germany

need for a food staple cheap, fast, room temperature stable: instant noodles

also the communistic government seeing the widespread hunger soon decides upon subsidizing the sale of tinned meats... which are 1920s version of American cold cuts... all the bits of a critter trimmed off along with organ meats not of interest to those wealthy... mashed up, cooked, then with thickeners poured into tins... single men, families struggling to eat on a paltry budget...

jokes abound about 'roof chicken' and 'alley pig' (cats 'n dogs) being primary sourcing

a five ounce (160 gram) of processed meats ought have 25 grams of protein

a chunk of instant noodle tossed into boiling water, a chopped up onion, spoonful of hot sauce then add a can of processed meats

there's no plastic and rats being a concern, the instant noodles are sold loose from a barrel by the kilogram in shoppes... folks bring a reusable, sealable container that resembles a gallon paint can... that's because aside from being food grade materials the can's design plagiarized from a paint can by clever 'n desperate businessman

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Instant_noodles

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_instant_noodle_brands

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 18, 2024 14:51
908:

Might want to read uo on “running amok” before pontificating that killing a dozen people before committing suicide or getting killed is unique to the US. It isn’t.

Nor is stochastic violence. That was used in the imposition of Jim Crow a century ago. Our problem is that a few hundred really wealthy people want to LARP an aristocracy/game of thrones, and they’ve got Renfields and other enablers who know the history of American violence laying out menus of strategies and tactics for them to sample.

Anyway, stories are how people learn and remember things. So if you’re a storyteller and you’re appalled by something like a torment nexus, what may well happen when you tell a story about it is that people learn about torment nexuses and remember them. The proliferation of stories about corruption and violence is one of the biggest problems we have now.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 15:06
909:

There were roughly three school spree shootings in the USA in the 1970s.

There are now roughly three school spree shootings in the USA per week.

Add the NRA encouraging the cult of the AR-15, ALEC pushing "stand your ground" laws throughout the states, and you have a perfect storm of easily available military-grade weapons and a marketing campaign to legitimize and promote murderous violence as "self defense". All you need on top of that is an incendiary media environment that convinces everyone in the Yellow party than Purple party supporters want to feast on their entrails, and vice versa, and hey presto: stochastic terrorism!

(And yes, you're absolutely right about the evil ultra-wealthy idiots pulling the strings. But short of ditching that pesky First Amendment right to freedom of speech so you can censor the press and social media -- to impose damnatio memoriae on the perpetrators of massacres, if nothing else -- I don't see how you can work around it.)

 Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 15:51
910:

https://healthjournalism.org/blog/2024/02/nearly-43000-people-died-from-gun-violence-in-2023-how-to-tell-the-story/

https://www.cdc.gov/firearm-violence/php/data-trends/firearm-suicide-data-trends.html

Torment nexus time.

Gun deaths in the US are around 43,000/year out of a population of 336.6 million.

Over half those deaths are suicides. That proportion is slowly growing, possibly among young people (this isn't clear)

If you want to stop stochastic violence in America, instead maybe promulgate the idea that suicide is a better way out than climate change.

Note that I'm not going to fucking do this. I had a roommate who committed suicide, so I know what the impact is. I prefer trying to find dark humored suggestions that mess with people's priorities. That said, there are alternative uses of gun violence that don't involve massacring Others, and you can promulgate those instead if you really need to go on about the inevitability of gun violence in America.

 Greg Tingey | June 18, 2024 15:51
911:

Leroy F Berven
Or any group led by Captain Nancy Blackett, perhaps?

Howard NYC
Re the "lost Cause" nutters ... they are frighteningly like their predecessors in one respect, though:
They are both aurally & personally violent or threaten to be violent ...
There's a case where a slaver senator/house member nearly crippled an objector ... & they assumed that the "liberators" were too soft & wimpish to actually fight.
How wrong they were - & I suspect, are again.
But it could be very bloody indeed if it gets that far.
SEE ALSO - Charlie @ 906 - it's quite likely & terrifying.
....
And @ 909 ... IF Biden wins this year, it will stop, because a lot of the instigators will be in jail.
But if DJT "wins" he will actually encourage this & do nothing to stop it ...
Result? The USA as a nation, ceases to exist.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 18, 2024 17:04
912:

SEE ALSO - Charlie @ 906 - it's quite likely & terrifying.

Sigh. More Torment Nexus time.

Here's a modest proposition for a MilSF/Horror mashup.

Background: We all know that nuclear war is a no-win situation, and we're stuck with Mutually Assured Destruction. However, so long as nuclear war doesn't happen, it's not so bad.

That's not true with conventional war, which is petrochemical-powered. If we fight an all-out conventional war, everybody loses: it's Gaza, Ukraine, and/or Sudan and Ethiopia on a global scale. However, if we don't fight, everybody still loses, because the US DoD and its foul step-siblings are the biggest single sources of GHGs on the planet, more so when you count in their symbiotes in the Military Industrial Complexes.

So we need a less ruinous alternative to conventional or nuclear war.

THE FOUL PLOT NOTION: somewhere in some Red State, a MAGAt's beautiful daughter is in despair. She's suffering through another hellish heat wave, she knows it's only going to get worse, she's read her Bible and knows her Prosperity Gospel 'rents are buying a load of bilge that's closer to what Satan tempted Christ with than what Jesus actually preached. Worse, her dad's red-pilled to the gills, collecting guns and preparing to arm his own Brigade when Civil War 2.0 turns violent. And he obviously wants her married off young, serially pregnant and working two jobs to support some good-for-nothing wannabe Johnny Reb she once had a fleeting crush on.

So she creates a suicide note video, posts it, and kills herself with daddy's favorite gun.

And the video goes viral, the more so as well-meaning authorities try to suppress it. The wave of copycats and Romeo and Juliet spinoffs is terrifying to watch.

Now the MilSF kicks in. Enemies of the US see this viral meme and use AI to weaponize it against their greatest foe. Not only do they pump the meme, they push hard to increase division, using all the new buzzword-y tech to make anyone with a gun think they're in the End Times and it's time to kill thy meme-infected neighbor-zombie, before their memes infect you or your children. These enemies include both nation states and their transactional allies among the super-rich.

The US and allies see what's happening and return fire, pumping up the AI jam to encourage suicide by multi-drug cocktail in Russia, literal ghosting in China, and so forth.

Pretty soon, WW3 rages, entirely online, as all sides work harder and harder to get their foes to kill themselves. And so humans find a more environmental way to wage total war on each other.

OBVIOUSLY, this story is a horror story about the dangers of social media and propaganda. But, like the torment nexus, what do you think people will take away from it?

Terrifying, no? Might even be an award-worthy story. Maybe even...a profitable one?

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 18, 2024 17:43
913:

You are exactly right. This is exactly how I'd expect it to happen.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 17:45
914:

If we fight an all-out conventional war, everybody loses

Actually, a number of people win big by getting even richer. They don't care about anyone but themselves, so present suffering and long-term problems are nothing to them — all they have to do is live out their time in luxury.

We may not agree that this is winning, but it is their idea of as winning. And our society is currently set up to support their idea, not our's.

As to your story setting, I'm reminded a bit of the ending of Brunner's The Sheep Look Up.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 18, 2024 18:21
915:

"In reality, a new civil war would resemble the Rwanda genocide of the 1990s, only with social media chatrooms to coordinate attackers and provide target lists, and AR-15s instead of machetes."

Sorry for the second reply, but I think I should have said, "Yes, this is the way it would go - if a second U.S. civil war happens at all."

But what's the probability of a second U.S. civil war happening? I think that's fairly low, particularly in urban areas and particularly in Blue states. It's low in these areas for a number of reasons, starting with the relative numbers of Liberals/minorities versus Radical Right types. It's low due to contact theory. It's low because doxxing people has not resulted in anywhere near the number of murders the right has hoped for, so I don't think anyone believes it will work. Also, I think Trump's followers did notice that a lot of the people who participated in January 6th have gotten arrested, or been questioned and have not been pardoned, so they don't expect support for such efforts even from a Maga government. (Trump could have pardoned everyone who participated, he was just too dumb to realize he needed to do it.)

So I don't believe the will to try for a real civil war is out there. Right now it's every rightwing assholes pipe-dream, but I think the 'dream' of a U.S. civil war got pretty badly damaged in the aftermath of January 6th, both because of the arrests/trials/sentences and due to how the D.C. police department did not support the attempted putsch in any fashion (and they could have.)

What I'd expect is that you'll see a 'test run' in some right wing state, maybe a particular large sheriff or police department making it clear they won't investigate the execution-style murders of Liberal civilians. (Texas, Florida and maybe Alabama are the likely candidates.) If the Democrats are running the Federal government you can expect them to show up and shut the 'test run' down with extreme prejudice. If the Republicans are running the Federal government I'd expect a lot of mixed signals, but the governors of Blue states will also take steps at that point.

So I think it's not going to happen.

All that said, yes, I will be taking steps in case I'm wrong.

 Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 19:07
916:

Thanks to all who have so far chimed in on my question about a 1920s communist Germany.

I’ll admit I hadn’t thought of a Frankenbundesrepublik. Hmmmmmm

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 18, 2024 19:55
917:

Also worth remembering that a fair amount of the incitement is aimed at keeping the Republicans in line. Anyone who steps out of line isn't just an enemy but a traitor and gets attacked viciously.

Since it's all DJT personality cult now and, like most dictators, he doesn't have a strong successor, I think it's more likely that the gang will fragment when he goes than that they'll unite well enough to wage a Civil War. If this is the case, we may see more Red-On-Red violence than Red-On-Blue or Blue-On-Red.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 20:00
918:

Yes. There are a lot of reasons why this is unlikely, and I'm not sure I expressed myself terribly well.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 18, 2024 22:06
919:

Yes. There are a lot of reasons why this is unlikely, and I'm not sure I expressed myself terribly well.

I thought you expressed yourself just fine.

My personal take is that a lot of people here struggle to get that DJT seems to be aping Mafia/street gang culture, with "Blood in/blood out."

As I suspect you know, in street gangs and elsewhere, an initiate may be required to commit a felony to join (blood in), thereby taking a step that's hard to come back from to prove loyalty. If a member defects, they are punished, sometimes lethally, for leaving or betrayal (blood out). With DJT, it's sacrificing dignity and reputation to work for him (Red in), and sacrificing political career to cross him (Red out). As with most of his stuff it comes across to outsiders as half-assed and kind of pathetic, but it seems to be real for those who do it.

And yes, I just doing the "as you know Bob" routine because I'm guessing this seems nonsensical to some reading this. Thanks for playing Bob!

 whitroth replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 18, 2024 22:19
920:

Sorry, but you're assuming that a) eternal youth means living in something like early 1960's California. I find it unlikely that someone "eternally youthful" couldn't die in an accident. Or deliberately. And you assume everything will be wonderful.

Nope. And if I sound especially down, a) the life I've lived, and b) a good friend in Chicago, Dave Ihnat, just died yesterday, heart and MRSA.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 22:21
921:

I think you're mostly right. Trump is a spoiled man-baby who thinks he can treat the whole world like it/they were a New York building inspector. The corrupting power of money is so awful that he's right as often as he's wrong.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 22:22
922:

I see, so this humongous project is run by folks who want to keep the results secret, eh? And still want to after a few thousand years.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Leroy F. Berven | June 18, 2024 22:25
923:

(Shakes head) I have zero belief in self-proclaimed militia fire discipline ("cf "You ain't the boss of me") while being actually shot at, not standing facing a paper target.

And the gangs aren't going out to the country. It would be Meal Team 6 in the city, where the gang members know the terrain.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 18, 2024 22:30
924:

A thousand such incidents on the same day? I have grave doubts as to their ability to make that happen. I also forsee, as it starts, people like me going out and buying rifles and ammunition.

I also see most governors (maybe no Texas or Florida or Mississippi) calling out the Nationl Guard, and all their helicopters. And drones. And (assuming TFG is other than the White House) the feds shut down the app servers. And go after those running the rooms, and most of them would be in the US.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from David L | June 18, 2024 22:53
925:

"In my darker moments I wonder if that's the way every model of government eventually fails."

Not quite. Obviously, the authoritarian regimes have their own unique set of failure modes.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from whitroth | June 18, 2024 22:58
926:

If you're a Republican (military) strategist I think there's a balance of risk involved:

On one hand, killing all your opponents and taking over the country has enormous appeal. You own everything now and you can take those pesky FDA agents out behind the barn and shoot them!

On the other hand getting treated as 'the terrorist party' by a panicked government taking a no holds barred approach to ending the continued killings isn't a good place to be, because then your own door is getting kicked in by people who are a lot better trained than Ya'll Quaida - and your pet congresscritter or extreme court justice might just be shot while trying to escape, or worse yet, your billionaire sponsor will be traced down and captured by a pissed off government, not to mention that the surviving Liberals will have a bone to pick with anyone who's got a _ sticker on the back of their Hick-Up Truck.

So making the call to start killing people (in large numbers) is a very delicate balancing act, and I don't think the Republicans have anyone who's remotely capable of making that call intelligently.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 18, 2024 23:03
927:

"A star probe that takes centuries to reach anything interesting has the problem that it’s highly likely that no one will hear any report it sends home, for any of a number of reasons. Worse, everything past that target receiver will get the information instead. It’s not a private communication, and it may well be the equivalent of summoning random unknown beings from the vastly deep without a pentacle.'

This is true, centuries is too long to wait for a report, no one will care. It seems that there are two options: program the probe to take a few years to print up a directional antenna, or physically come back. If option two, then it has to be traveling at a reasonable speed, 5% of C for example. A laser sail could do that, with near future tech, but it would cost a lot of resources.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 18, 2024 23:04
928:

An interesting books which I'm about half-way through (a bit late, but I just found it). Decent summary of Trump, but interesting look at his followers.

https://www.penguinrandomhouse.com/books/669689/authoritarian-nightmare-by-john-w-dean/

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Damian | June 18, 2024 23:06
929:

"FWIW I often or even usually skip over most other people's very long posts, but generally will read yours if I can because, going by my experience hanging around here for the last 10-or-so years, I usually learn something worth knowing about from them. Best of luck grappling with whatever it is you have to."

Allow me to add my own well wishes. Pigeon writes very interesting posts, hope he recovers quickly.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 18, 2024 23:07
930:

Not quite. Obviously, the authoritarian regimes have their own unique set of failure modes.

From memory, mostly anarchy (replaced by another authoritarian regime), or straight into another authoritarian regime. I haven't calculated the stats, though.

 whitroth | June 18, 2024 23:24
931:

Speaking of governments, Bruce Scheir has a very interesting post... https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2024/06/rethinking-democracy-for-the-age-of-ai.html

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 18, 2024 23:24
932:

"It'd be Y'all Qaida deciding it's Boogaloo Day/The Day of the Rope, then checking a purpose-built app designed by neo-nazi techbros to identify and doxx nearby enemies -- enemies identified as such by their social media footprint -- and coordinating a bunch of assholes in pickup trucks to converge on their home, execute a drive-by shooting, then get the hell out of town before the police show up."

Put me down as extremely skeptical. Remember that these guys didn't really plan Jan 6, which wasn't some carefully coordinated paramilitary action. Some dudes put out a call on social media, and a couple thousand angry people showed up. What happened next was near chaos. The right wing militias are not a centrally coordinated movement, for the most part they are a large mass of individuals troll posting each other on the internet. Ninety five percent of them are anonymous, even to each other. That gives them some ability to evade legal accountability, but not the infrastructure to carry out a mass wave of coordinated killing.

Also, my impression is that the gun toting ones are mostly shittalk, and no walk. They lack to cojones for something like that.

Which isn't to say that a Biden victory will be bloodless--because it likely won't be. What you might see is a large scale wave of lone wolf incidents (by "large" I mean dozens in a space of a month or so). Depending on how lucky they get, the casualties might range from none to a couple hundred. Won't be a good time, but it also won't topple the Republic.

The thing to worry about is a Trump victory, because that means that a plurality of US voters are ok with some amount of democracy in exchange for a sense of security and order. At that point the police will have a license to do as they like, and riots are sure to follow. Riots might very well lead to a declared state of emergency, a vast expansion of presidential powers, a suspension of one or more constitutional articles, and that could bring down the Republic.

Not saying it's likely, merely possible.

Oh, and school shootings are an entirely different demographic--socially isolated teenaged males working out their depression through violence. This seems to be increasing, but so far as I know there isn't any evidence linking that to right wing politics.

 Damian replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 18, 2024 23:46
933:

The right wing militias are not a centrally coordinated movement, for the most part they are a large mass of individuals troll posting each other on the internet.

I think this correctly identifies the limiting factor* at play without spelling it out exactly. It's cultural** and generally endemic to the right wing dynamic, notwithstanding the Altmeyer category about authoritarian followers. In short: everyone wants to be Napoleon, relatively few want to be foot soldiers. Training, drilling and above all diligently following orders and overall directives with something resembling discipline, this all requires some sort of submergence of the individual will and preparedness to be part of something larger. Right wing ideology in general and Trumpism in particular is all about there not really being anything larger, other than the general fealty any bully shows to the stronger bully. Which I suppose why summarising it as a crime family dynamic is also exactly right, just from a different perspective.

I'm not 100% convinced this is a strong enough limit to bet the farm on though.

* GOU (demilitarised) ** Not that Culture.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from whitroth | June 18, 2024 23:51
934:

I see, so this humongous project is run by folks who want to keep the results secret, eh? And still want to after a few thousand years.

Charity, my dear ser, on the assumption that civilization will survive and enough people in the future will care about what another star system looks like.

Or you're right, it could be the basis for one of them secret societies that expects a messenger from the stars. That would be interesting.

...

In other news, my condolences for your friend's death. I hope he left a lot of good memories for a lot of people.

 Damian replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 00:24
935:

Would agriculture be as big a focus as it was in Russia? Germany was far closer to what Marx saw as the place Communism would start, being industrialized and capitalist.

That's sort of the gist of my thoughts on seeing this thread. There are several actual historical inputs to this which I don't think have been explored, but I've just not had time to order my thinking much less summarise what I think those are. I think the historical background for Economics as a separate domain of thought is part of it - the first really systematised version being the Physiocrats as per Quesnay, whom Adam Smith visited and debated in his continental period, and whom Marx definitely has a take on.

The other main thread about pan-Germanism and whether its particular trajectory would be very different. I'd possibly plug for a cosmopolitan Marxist version, if only because I like the idea, but that could be a bit ahistorical.

 Moz replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 19, 2024 00:26
936:

The thing to worry about is a Trump victory, because that means that a plurality of US voters are ok with {losing} some amount of democracy in exchange for a sense of security and order

I read a really interesting article yesterday about anarchist opposition to Milei's destriuction of Argentina's civil society. Argentina has a lot more anarchist organising than the USA, and despite Milei being labelled an anarco-capitalist lots of Argentinian anarchists don't like him (similar to many US Christians disapproving of the Christian Trump).

https://crimethinc.com/2024/06/17/six-months-in-a-neoliberal-dystopia-social-cannibalism-versus-mutual-aid-and-resistance-in-argentina

It's a usefully dramatic example of how giving a group of radical reformers(sic) power to do whatever they want doesn't necessarily improve the situation. Especially when a lot of people are predicting disaster from those reforms specifically because the reforms are a variation on "the poor must suffer so the rich can prosper".

 Moz replied to this comment from Damian | June 19, 2024 00:34
937:

summarising it as a crime family dynamic is also exactly right

The difference is that there are successful crime families, based on the "I'm loyal to you, you're loyal to me" dynamic. This is why so few traitors exist, and why it's so hard to turn people inside them. We hear a great deal about the traitors and turned folk, but relatively little about the other 99% except in the context of "we need to ban encryption, allow police more power, remove liberties and legal protections" etc in order to "deal with" gangs.

Trump, on the other hand, is very explicit that the reward for loyalty is betrayal. He's not a pure always-defect player, but his lookahead is 2-3 moves at most. The idea that he might get two marshmallows in the future is trumped by being able to eat one right now :)

 skulgun replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 19, 2024 02:20
938:

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2022/sep/19/proud-boys-document-jan-6-violence

They most certainly did plan. It may be comical to read about responding to battalion size antifa elements or writing literal misogyny into the document, but there is a level of organization here.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 02:23
939:

Charlie Stross @ 906:

"Which is why there won't be a new civil war in the US: if the nuts actually started one, the military would, overwhelmingly, obey their Oath"

Wrong.

You're assuming a new civil war would resemble the last civil war, with uniformed armies marching back and forth defending territory and trying to take enemy states.

In reality, a new civil war would resemble the Rwanda genocide of the 1990s, only with social media chatrooms to coordinate attackers and provide target lists, and AR-15s instead of machetes.

It'd be Y'all Qaida deciding it's Boogaloo Day/The Day of the Rope, then checking a purpose-built app designed by neo-nazi techbros to identify and doxx nearby enemies -- enemies identified as such by their social media footprint -- and coordinating a bunch of assholes in pickup trucks to converge on their home, execute a drive-by shooting, then get the hell out of town before the police show up.

Disturbingly & horrifyingly plausible ... although I think (I hope) you underestimate the U.S. military's dedication to their oaths.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 02:33
940:

Troutwaxer @ 926:

So making the call to start killing people (in large numbers) is a very delicate balancing act, and I don't think the Republicans have anyone who's remotely capable of making that call intelligently.

... doesn't require intelligence. In fact just the opposite.

 JohnS replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 19, 2024 02:45
941:

DeMarquis @ 927:

"A star probe that takes centuries to reach anything interesting has the problem that it’s highly likely that no one will hear any report it sends home, for any of a number of reasons. Worse, everything past that target receiver will get the information instead. It’s not a private communication, and it may well be the equivalent of summoning random unknown beings from the vastly deep without a pentacle."

This is true, centuries is too long to wait for a report, no one will care. It seems that there are two options: program the probe to take a few years to print up a directional antenna, or physically come back. If option two, then it has to be traveling at a reasonable speed, 5% of C for example. A laser sail could do that, with near future tech, but it would cost a lot of resources.

Two questions about using a "Laser sail" to return a probe:
     • Who's going to manufacture a sail for the probe at the far end?
     • Where are the lasers to power the sail going to come from?

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from JohnS | June 19, 2024 03:25
942:

"... doesn't require intelligence. In fact just the opposite."

I meant in the strategic sense. If you're gonna kill your political enemies timing is pretty important.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 19, 2024 03:41
943:

The thing to worry about is a Trump victory, because that means that a plurality of US voters are ok with some amount of democracy in exchange for a sense of security and order.

As I understand it Trump has a minority of US voters behind him; it's just that the gerrymandered American voting system likely gives him an edge because of how the Electoral College works.

Which doesn't mean that plurality of voters aren't OK with sacrificing democracy for the illusion of security. I still remember people rushing to give up cherished freedoms after 9/11.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 03:52
944:

lots 'n lots of posts elsewhere about Trump foolishly failed to issue mass-dispersal pardons between 07JAN2021 and 20JAN2021

not feasible, since a pardon must have a specific individual's name upon it ...and in net effect it is an admission of criminal guilt... nobody involved really believed they'd get caught and nobody in the Trump Administration expected there'd be something as methodical as J6 Committee Hearings

but yeah... zillions of embittered men on bar stools muttering about { unloved minority } warranting a smack down by way of a drive by shooting

still comes down to each of 'em is willing to go second and are waiting for someone else to go first (search ANTIPOPE site for posts about "penguins")

will there be violence?

yes

what will be the scope? and how far will it spread? and how many repeating waves 'n cycles?

...really good questions

my gut hunch (likely to wrong) it will be akin to that Hamas attack on 07OCT2023... for Israel's civilians that was what drove many into a killing rage with others who might have tried to stop the counter-attack stunned into silence

lucky for US politicians, post-J6 there's been increased funding for personal protective teams and all of 'em now have their very own bug out route to 'undisclosed location' and an office closet hardened as a panic room... just not likely to have enough space for more than the politician himself...

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Moz | June 19, 2024 03:59
945:

The idea that he might get two marshmallows in the future is trumped by being able to eat one right now :)

But it's the Best Marshmallow, pure Quality! People come up to me and say "Mr. President, that is the Greatest Marshmallow Ever!" There has NEVER BEEN a GREATER MARSHMALLOW than THIS marshmallow. The Biden Crime Family is trying to TAKE OUR MARSHMALLOWs but we won''t let them! Only TRUMP can PROTECT AMERICAN MARSHMALLOWS!!!

Click HERE to donate to PROTECT OUR GREAT COUNTRY and ensure that AMERICAN MARSHMALLOWS are GREAT AGAIN!!

(As you can no doubt tell, I get a rather large quantity of Republican email, including begging letters from a supposed-billionaire.)

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 19, 2024 04:27
946:

If Trump had wanted to put the effort in he could have had someone make a list of the people on social media who were showing off pictures, etc., and had those folks tracked down. Then he could have named/pardoned them. He could also have had a flunkie call the leaders of the Proud Boys, Oaf Keepers, etc. and found out who was there, etc. A good faith effort would have made him a lot of friends.

He didn't even try, and he could have.

 Moz replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 04:32
947:

I really pity peoplewho have to deal with that shit.

Technically I do too, because even The Greens vote to exempt themselves from any restriction on contacting (potential) supporters.

But in practice what I actually get is (email) replies from various representatives and a Christmas Card from My Federal MP (I have no idea which bits of that are supposed to be CapiTaliZed). Oh, and very occasionally an email from the NZ Greens because somehow I'm on the email list of a now-dead MP and get updates about stuff being done to memorialise them.

OTOH for all the money-broken state of Australian politics it costs sweet fuck all compared to US politics. Especially the contest to be out next president. The last campaign ran for over 50 years and cost millions but luckily that was mostly covered by UK taxpayers rather than Australian ones (we didn't actually get a vote, though, which is a slightly diofferent discussion. And on that note we have more representation in the Danish government than the British one).

 Leroy F. Berven replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 05:14
948:

Troutwaxer @ 946: A good faith effort would have made him a lot of friends.

Wouldn't that have required him to have at least some grasp of the concept? (Either "good faith" or "friends": choose one.)

 peteratjet replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 05:27
949:

You're not wrong, although technically the Electoral College isn't gerrymandered so much as favouring an efficient distribution of votes with a slight bias in favour of smaller states, because of the 3 elector minimum. It would be hard to gerrymander because changing state boundaries is very difficult. Historically Maine and West Virginia are it, I think.

The House of Representatives now, that's gerrymandered to hell and gone, with an additional problem for the Democrats that their voters are inefficiently clustered in urban areas.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 06:07
950:

As I understand it Trump has a minority of US voters behind him; it's just that the gerrymandered American voting system likely gives him an edge because of how the Electoral College works.

Not sure how things are now, but for awhile the problem in US politics was that both parties had a minority of voters. So the trick was to try to get nonaligned voters to vote for your candidate....or failing that, to keep them from voting at all. This last is probably what's going to decide the election.

My gut's not well attuned to this election, because I'm not in a battleground state. That said, I get the feeling that, absent a huge amount of effort to make Biden seem worse than he is (Sinclair broadcasting, Fox, Newsmax...NY Times?) Trump would be on his way to jail. We're seeing a tremendous effort to prop Trump up, and I kind of doubt it will work. We'll see.

To me though, it's obvious that the perceived real game with Trump is who gets to be his VP, on the theory that he's wobbling on the precipice of senescence as we're all forced to watch, and this election is about the succession, not the POTUS. I suspect it's quite likely that Trump will poison this game by choosing someone who's even worse than he is. But we'll see.

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 06:16
951:

I suspect it's quite likely that Trump will poison this game by choosing someone who's even worse than he is.

Jill Stein? The brain worm guy? The dog shooter? So many choices, so many of them hilariously funny if the Democrats still provide the next one the list (IIRC House Majority Leader)

There's historical precedent for having the VP be from the other party, after all :)

 darkblue | June 19, 2024 06:49
952:

With regard to light sails...

My understanding is that light sails work by transfer of momentum from the light photons to the sail. There's no requirement for the light to be coherent, so no need to worry about phase alignment of multiple light sources. The only reason for proposing lasers as the light source is that they are good a generating a well-collimated beam that spreads very little, such that most of the light gets to where is is pointed, instead of being wasted illuminating the surrounding empty space.

The sun does not generate coherent light, but it's an adequate source of light to drive a light sail.

 darkblue | June 19, 2024 06:51
953:

s/good a/good at/ :-(

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 07:01
954:

"expending the resources protecting low level people" is not something the Republican leadership would do and if Trump was ever ask, likely frown and shrug it off as inconsequential

but there was no immediate need, since the obvious thinking was just too many participated and law enforcement as overwhelmed

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from darkblue | June 19, 2024 07:47
955:

Even if we drop the requirement that the light be coherent when it hits the sail, you still need to hit a 40 nano-radians wide target, and only phased-array methods stands /any/ chance of doing that, so coherence is not optional.

Some of the best collimated lasers in existence are used as Laser Guide Stars in large astronomical telescopes, and while most of the dispersion in that application comes from the atmosphere, they work hard to reduce the contribution from the launch optics, but they are nowhere near nano-radians.

 Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 08:03
956:

John Oliver had a good segment about the unfortunately competent people who are doing a lot of legwork right now, so that they can hit the road running if/when Trump is elected again.

Last time nobody thought it would happen, so nobody had a plan and people in place to exploit it. They're not making that mistake again.

 Moz replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 08:09
957:

I thought the broader/less complex option was a bigger mirror array with a bigger beam? If you're basically building a parabola with the star at the focus you can afford to have 99.99% of the beam miss the target because you've got a ring of "big dumb mirrors" orbiting the star as close as they can tolerate with the orbital plane at right angles to your proposed exit course giving rather a lot of radiation heading vaguely in the right direction.

You wouldn't want to do this around our star, obviously, because any number of "minor" problems could cause the beam(s) to intersect stuff you care about. It might be only 1000 suns worth, and only for a couple of hours, but it's still going to be a be tricky to explain to Australia is on fire now that you're really sorry.

Another advantage of that is that you can keep building mirrors after you leave, so your beam drops off with distance but not as fast as you'd expect due to there being more of it as time goes by.

 Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 08:23
958:

Troutwaxer
But ... far too many who can { will? } make that call unintelligently.
... As JohnS has noted @ 940 - thanks!

DeMarquis @ 932
My, aren't we optimistic!
No, that's NOT sarcasm - I think that the (likely?) Biden win will be followed by months of stochastic terrorism & murders & shootings.
Your "republic" is in great danger..

Moz
anarchist organising - you WHAT? I call giant oxymoron.

 Damian replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 09:09
959:

They're not making that mistake again

In the event of a try-again becoming possible, I suppose the main hope is that the ignorance and capriciousness previously displayed will continue to thwart friend and foe alike. To be blunt, Trump's on incompetence at discerning which of his would-be allies have the plans that will work to further the interests he believes he is championing. I mean, he made his public image playing a persona that presented itself as being good at that, but there's no evidence and much to the contrary. It's that bullet-headed contrariness that can perhaps mitigate at least a proportion of initiatives, on average, and there's some hope that it actively works against the things he wants to try on. Not much hope, sure, but real.

 icehawk | June 19, 2024 10:43
960:

"There's a current fuss in academics teaching CS about how current/new students fundamentally don't understand directory structures, or computers in general "

Its not obvious to me that using a computer teaches you how they work, any more than flying in an airplane teaches you how they work. And the more advanced the airplane, the less you see about how it works.

Back when I learned about computers, I was told (and believed) that a program was executing an algorithm one step at at time. That's only kind-of true, but it's a very useful simplification, and it certainly seemed true as I'd run various little things from the command line to do stuff .

But that is not the experience kids have of dealing with computing devices. Computers for them are interactive and reactive in ways that don't make "an algorithm is computing a function" an obvious model, and processing occurs in parallel at many levels. It's not clear to a user where webpages stop being 'pages' and start being 'apps', and many apps deliberately try to hide from them when their data is local or not.

Concepts like interrupts, threading and networking used to be segregated off as separate things to do late in one's degree after you'd mastered writing a single-threaded program computing an algorithm. These days I'm seeing event-driven programming taught earlier because that's a model kids understand, and frankly I've no idea how you teach threading in the modern age of MapReduce.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Moz | June 19, 2024 10:57
961:

despite Milei being labelled an anarco-capitalist lots of Argentinian anarchists don't like him

Milei is a libertarian, which is about as close to trad anarchism as nazism is to socialism.

So far he seems like an Argentinian version of Liz Truss, only Truss wasn't in a position of presidential power -- she was a prime minister, so her party were able to yeet her at short notice when it became clear how badly things were going.

(I feel for Argentinians. Just 55 days of Truss -- for two weeks of which she was hamstrung by having to focus on the aftermath of the Queen's death instead of fucking things up for the rest of us -- left the UK with a damaging hangover that's still not fixed. Milei's had six months so far and it's still getting worse.)

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from JohnS | June 19, 2024 11:04
962:

Two questions about using a "Laser sail" to return a probe: Who's going to manufacture a sail for the probe at the far end? Where are the lasers to power the sail going to come from?

In theory you can use staged sails. That is: you accelerate your probe using sail 1. Nearing the destination, your probe drops sail 1 and it's control mechanism, and unfurls sail 2. The launch laser then fires up again. Sail 1 has to ride the beam, accelerating past the target, and meanwhile reflects the light back at sail 2, which is used for retropropulsion to allow the (now lighter) probe to decelerate towards the target. Like a Cassegrain reflector, only with light sails.

For real shits'n'giggles you pack a couple more light sails to use for the return trip.

Of course, the precision aiming required for even the 2-sail deceleration stunt at interstellar distances is insane ...

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 11:27
963:

I was mostly trying to avoid responses like Greg's, people seeing a keyword and applying prejudice rather than thinking.

Melei is somewhat different from the US-style libertarians that people are used to, and not just in rhetoric or political success. That's to some extent because he comes from a little country far away so doesn't have the delusion that he can impose his rules on everyone in the world. He's also a bit more fascist than libertarian, there's not the same emphasis on private militas (they exist, though!) and apparently he's funding police but cutting the military. His willingness to let another country control his currency seems very non-US-Libertarian, and he's not following El Salvador's move to Bitcoin either. The crypto-libertarians must be sad :)

The Liz Truss boogeyman is being used by Macron in France right now against both the far right and the left coalition. The far right are being a bit French about spending promises, and the left have different promises that are also expensive, so our financial overlords are punishing them for even daring to make the suggestions (the bond and insurance people are charging more).

 Howard NYC | June 19, 2024 11:28
964:

if any of you have a point of contact into the production of Star Trek (or Star Wars or etc) here's a snarky item to add to their gift shops...

never mind airline logos... "Property of Star Fleet" would be amusing

for those writing of spaceflight, you ought include a scene where a crewmember having the heaves discovers that once again souvenir-craving idiots had pilfered all the official bar bags... therefore when done he'd been written up for messily puking all over an auxiliary craft's interior...

...those souvenirs being sent home to bemused family by smugly proud new additions to the crew of the Starship Blah-Blah

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/19/travel/barf-bag-collectors-hobby-cec/index.html

 icehawk replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 11:32
965:

"and as always college students (who are 97+% male)

"Joking?"

The USA was very, very sexist in university education 100 years ago - yet was not nearly as sexist as Europe was.

I don't know the stats for Germany in 1920. Women were allowed to attend universities there then, and had been since 1909 if I recall correctly.

But it depends what you mean by "college student": Philippa Fawcett came top in the Cambridge Tripos in 1890 - so she achieved the highest grades in the final maths degree exams, at the most prestigious university for mathematics in the English-speaking world. You might count here as a "college student". But it didn't get her a degree because she failed to meet one of the requirements to get a degree: the requirement that she be male. As I recall, Cambridge first granted a women a degree in 1948.

 Moz replied to this comment from icehawk | June 19, 2024 11:40
966:

It's less MapReduce and more async, I think. It seems to be slightly easier to teach kids that "set off a chain of things then wait for them to finish" and just make them use thread-safe containers/queues etc, at least these days where lots of cores is the answer to everything. But the other 99% of code is just psuedo-async event driven stuff where no-one really cares anyway. You write an event handler, all your state is a local copy, so you write single-threaded code and it works. Mostly.

Admittedly I deal with mechatronics kids more than CS, and the ones we get have usually done a bit of RTOS stuff so are at least aware of interrupts etc. But these days even tiny embedded stuff has multiple cores, including the secure enclave, and there are libraries for bloody everything if you have the memory+storage for them (tick a few boxes and watch your executable grow from 100kB to 4MB!) So it's very easy to say "the dedicated encryption core does DTLS handling so we just treat everything as UDP" and then "normal interrupts are handled by the spare core" and it's not your grandparent's RTOS any more.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 19, 2024 11:43
967:

or in the case of an especially loathsome individual selected as VPOTUS... waiting for him/her to be sworn as POTUS #48 in after Trump is certified as unresponsive to stimuli by a majority of the cabinet as per Twenty-Fifth Amendment... all that powdery stuff he'd been snorting finally leading to a massive brain hemorrhage in April 2025...

then as soon as the oath has been broadcast... the Democratic Party reveals a web site providing a couple thousand pages of embarrassing financial numbers and a hundred hours of nasty, nasty recordings as justification for impeachment of the new POTUS (former VPOTUS)...

with all 538 of the elected politicians in Congress providing both sides with their personal wishlists to buy votes on the impeachment...

...a billion dollars in small denomination, unmarked bills later, the Speak of the House stands in front of the cameras to be sworn in as POTUS #49

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 11:59
968:

first fifty pages of "Rocheworld[1]" detail the deployment of the reversal mirror...

IIRC it was 9-to-1 the mass of the starship thus offering a very necessary stabilizing platform

====

[1] "Rocheworld (first published in serial form in 1982; first book publication, under the title The Flight of the Dragonfly, 1984) is a science fiction novel by Robert Forward which depicts a realistic interstellar mission using a laser driven light sail propulsion system to send the spaceship and a crew of 20 on a one-way journey"

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Moz | June 19, 2024 12:05
969:

»You wouldn't want to do this around our star, obviously,«

And seeing that the next one over is 4 light-years away, that sort of puts an end to that, no ?

 Tim H. replied to this comment from whitroth | June 19, 2024 12:07
970:

If attainable, just what we need.

 Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 12:09
971:

Oh dear, I see Moz can't take a joke ...
I mean "anarchy" { Dictionary Definition } means having NO_ONE in charge, at all .. doesn't it?
SEE ALSO Charlie @ 961?

Howard NYC @ 964
A bit like: "Property of Unseen University" you mean?

Icehawk
Cambridge were well-behind Oxford, who "admitted" women in 1920 - SEE ALSO the plot of: "Gaudy Night" by D L Sayers.
It's athe central plot point.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Damian | June 19, 2024 12:09
972:

»To be blunt, Trump's on incompetence«

Please watch the John Oliver piece, Trump is just going to be the Zaphod next time:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QCRySbsLKiA

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 12:14
973:

The usual suspects see "Drumph!" not as a source of ideas, but as a vessel they'll fill. Though I suspect you only omitted that for brevity's sake.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from icehawk | June 19, 2024 12:29
974:

Its not obvious to me that using a computer teaches you how they work, any more than flying in an airplane teaches you how they work

Correct, but modern computing devices hide the core functionality with multiple layers of abstraction -- I think we add maybe one abstract level per decade?

Being a passenger in a Boeing won't teach you how airplanes work, but learning to fly a hang glider will definitely get you up close and personal with the basics of aerodynamics, and being a passenger in a two-person microlight (basically a motorized hang glider) is a lot closer to the flight surfaces than that airliner I aluded to.

If you learned how to use a computer in the 1970s or earlier, or even in the first half of the 1980s, you probably had to grapple with filesystems and a REPL stack of some kind (even if it was only Microsoft BASIC) at a level alien to pretty much anyone who isn't a developer these days.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 12:40
975:

Greg: Oh dear, I see Moz can't take a joke

YELLOW CARD

In previous years I wouldn't have flagged this, but Greg really needs to get a clue that "can't take a joke" has very much become a deflection used by nazis/white supremacist: they push a line, then if someone calls them on it they act aggrieved and accuse the person calling them on their bullshit of being unable to take a joke.

Do you want to be mistaken for a nazi, Greg?

If so, it's really easy: just say someone who disagrees with you "can't take a joke".

 Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 12:53
976:

The place I see this difference in depth of understanding most is debugging.

There are basically two ways to debug:

A) Slog through a detailed trace of everything which happens, spot the first time things go wrong.

This sounds menial, and it is, but the "spot the first time things go wrong" is non trivial and almost always requires multiple iterations before the true first time is identified.

Almost all developers can do A, but it can quite literally take months for them.

B) Formulate a likely hypothesis, test it with experiment or inspection, repeat until success.

Good developers can do B, and the better they understand the situation, the better they are at coming up with hypotheses which bring them closer to the answer.

I used to think that people got better at B as a result of experience, and they do, to some extent.

But OGH's observation about having started early, I would say before 1990, makes you "computer-hipster" and understanding the more "primitive" levels of the computer really inspires creativity in the "what could go wrong here" stage.

My own personal "secret weapon" I call "the PHK-test", where I ask myself: If I had to implement this behavior, how would I do it?

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Leroy F. Berven | June 19, 2024 13:08
977:

Agreed.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Leroy F. Berven | June 19, 2024 13:11
978:

Agreed.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 13:15
979:

at a level alien to pretty much anyone who isn't a developer these days.

Now toss in how the "Recent" menu has totally obliterated the need to know such things.

Until you get out of school and have to start working with groups of 2 to 20 people and keep things a bit more organized. Or just email the files around as attachments to the people sitting across from you.

[unreal big sigh]

Says he who has been asked at times why no one can find the CURRENT CAD file of the 5 story building. Or similar.

Now we have local, server, personal cloud, and company cloud to lose things in.

 andrew_m replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 13:18
980:

Re a communist post-WW1 Germany: It will likely be useful to look into 1920s Vienna when it was run by the Social Democrats (i.e. the local Marxist variant). My beloved took me on an expedition to the Karl Marx Hof in Vienna recently - we got lucky as the volunteers had opened the museum because it was May Day. Think 1500 apartments in a complex over a kilometre long, but only 4 stories high, with separate kitchens & bedrooms, green space in large courtyards, kindergartens (child care), a common laundry (a massive step up from previous options, now the museum) - and Art Nouveau-ish detailing. Also think a level of hovering oversight ("have you swept the flat?" asks the block overseer...) More broadly, Red Vienna was quite something until the local fascist-adjacents overthrew it in 1934.

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 13:19
981:

and understanding the more "primitive" levels of the computer really inspires creativity in the "what could go wrong here" stage.

In the summer of 1972 several of us 17 and 18 year olds designed a 16 bit computer based on 7400 TTL logic. It fit on a 20 inch or so square of paper.

But there was no way we had the money to build it. Or the switches and OMG static ram it would need to just turn on and let us add a few numbers.

I wonder if DE has still has that drawing. It could likely be implemented in an emulation these days in a day or few. Including learning how to use the emulator.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 13:21
982:

I remember the first time I got lost in a twisty little maze of filesystems, all accessible over NFS via an automounter, circa 1993! Happy days. (Much confusion until I realized what was going on.)

 David L replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 13:22
983:

He didn't even try, and he could have.

This requires 2 things. Making a plan and effort to implement it.

Are you nuts?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 13:22
984:

Q: can you pick a working/temp title?

maybe "Auf dem Weg zu einem besseren Deutschland" ("Towards a Better Germany")

that way we can have that as first line of posts and makes it easier for you to spot and extract

spiraling weirdness... butterfly effects as capitalism, imperialism and communism smack each other in Dutch East Indies as inhabitants experience an early onset of revolution 'n rebellion

our timeline:

"...When the war broke out in eastern Europe in 1939, it seemed a world away from the rice farmers of Java, but events in Poland ignited a chain reaction that killed about 3.5m-4m Indonesians, mostly through starvation or forced labour at the hands of Japanese occupiers. This constituted 5% of the Indonesian population... Twenty years later Indonesia again paid a particularly heavy price. The cold war may have been cold in Berlin, but it was a scorching inferno in Jakarta. In 1965-66 between 500,000 and 1m Indonesians were killed in massacres caused by tensions between communists and anti-communists..."

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 13:26
985:

Yeah. I do actually get it. But consider the fact that nobody in Trump's circle even seems to have thought of making a list of Jan 6 people to pardon. It speaks volumes about what any number of Republicans were thinking (or not thinking.)

 Damian replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 13:35
986:

Now we have local, server, personal cloud, and company cloud to lose things in.

Throw in: DFS and NFS shares, direct-from-PC shares, Novell, Sharepoint, Azure file share, and the need to migrate between any of these (although one hopes mostly "away from" some of them) in the conscious acceptance of too-long-paths and important official documents that can't be changed which contain embedded links to files, so all paths must be re-created meticulously.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 13:40
987:

every site I've ever worked, I'd get a shitstorm poured on me for enforcing file naming conventions (and associated folder names and formalized structures) upon an aggrieved team of prima donnas

never mind if the project manager established an agreed upon standard and made it mandatory...

everyone misplacing stuff and pleading for help from anyone listening to help 'em find their little lost lamb... with nobody recognizing cause 'n effect

and do not get me started upon error trapping opportunities lost because every developer whined as unnecessary...

nested IF/THEN blocks and CASE (AKA: SWITCH) blocks by way of an ELSE clause whose sole statement was

ERRORHANDLER ("impossible case has been reached")

or enforcing local variable declarations to avoid scoping nightmares... or...or...or...or...

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 13:45
988:

"bullet sponges"

"martyrs to the cause"

"they died happy"

"can't make an omelet without breaking eggs"

"little people of little worth"

"who cares?"

...shall I keep guessing at what those White House sycophants were saying to one another as they were scheming 'n dreaming?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from peteratjet | June 19, 2024 13:47
989:

technically the Electoral College isn't gerrymandered so much as favouring an efficient distribution of votes with a slight bias in favour of smaller states, because of the 3 elector minimum

In 2016 Clinton got more popular votes than Trump, but Trump got to be president because of the Electoral College.

That may not technically be gerrymandering, but it had the same effect.

an additional problem for the Democrats that their voters are inefficiently clustered in urban areas

Don't your electoral districts have the same population? In Canada we have a few ridings with significantly less population than the rest, but that's half a dozen out of the whole House which very rarely has a political effect (PEI, Nunavut, Yukon, a couple of other Northern ridings).

Our Electoral Commission does a good job of being politically neutral when adjusting the boundaries based on the census.

Which hasn't stopped our convoy idiots from starting to yap about a "rigged" process — all the buzzwords you'd expect from Trump's Republicans. They're either getting their 'information' from them or from the same source.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 14:23
990:

I remember the first time I got lost in a twisty little maze of filesystems

Were they all alike? :-)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from andrew_m | June 19, 2024 14:51
991:

Hmmm, I think I've seen pictures of that complex. Thanks for the idea to check out Vienna!

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 19, 2024 14:54
992:

Q: can you pick a working/temp title?

I'm not having any trouble spotting relevant responses though. I appreciate the thought.

 Mr. Tim replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 19, 2024 15:12
993:

Even IF your organization has good source control processes, just wait 10-20 years when everyone who designed and implemented those processes has left for one reason or another. If the project is still running, you have a bunch of people who are doing things and they don't really understand why. Next step is either to get sloppy or just start changing things because "doing that is stupid", not realizing how all the bits fit together (including links to other groups).

I try to get whatever group I end up in is to do code reviews as part of the update process. It is amazingly difficult to get programmers to admit that, yes, they can write bad code (but it compiles!). Seems especially true of users of Python transitioning to writing C (what do you mean I have to free the memory?)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 15:19
994:

RE: Primitive computers.

One request: I'm cleaning out my mom's home, and finding the occasional old computing book (e.g. Introduction to Digital Computing, copyright 1960) that somehow survived from my father and grandfather's time as engineers.

I'm pretty sure most of them are not worth anything, but if there are people online looking for paleo-computing books, I'd appreciate someone pointing me towards them and what they're looking for, just in case. What I'm doing is sorting things into junk/donate/sell later/keep boxes.

And a small factoid: The Casio FX702P I found still works. No memory expansion, so it runs on 1680 bytes.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 15:26
995:

an additional problem for the Democrats that their voters are inefficiently clustered in urban areas/i>

Don't your electoral districts have the same population?

Yes they do have the same population.

The "additional problem" peteratjet was referring to is that with cities densely packed with Democrats it is possible (for a Republican majority state legislation) to draw districts which are pretty much 100% Democrat. Naturally these districts will always vote Blue, but they mean fewer Democrats in other districts.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 15:28
996:

Wikipedia says that California has a population of 38,900,000 and returns 54 members to the presidential electoral college, so that will be 720,370.370 voters per member. OTOH Alaska has a population of 733,391, who return 3 members, or 244,461 voters per member. Still think that's a "slight bias" in favour of the smaller states?

 Mr. Tim | June 19, 2024 15:32
997:

One request: I'm cleaning out my mom's home, and finding the occasional old computing book (e.g. Introduction to Digital Computing, copyright 1960) that somehow survived from my father and grandfather's time as engineers.

A quick look on Amazon reveals:

https://www.amazon.com/introduction-digital-computing-Green-Leather/dp/B0BGJFRHQ7/ref=sr_1_1?crid=2AMSWB0FCP5WS&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.wIWsuOXipzhz9pdEwWilY54tpWF-zl58VfnpeieuzacTD9QhgSRmJMh0Pz5-Gt_1nFvWTeTfTSVj4X8xgnWLgQ.GG6futESUL7gS5B7yKS7IZy0ShANt1F7vwJzJwlCq7g&dib_tag=se&keywords=Introduction+to+Digital+Computing+1960&qid=1718807386&sprefix=introduction+to+digital+computing+1960%2Caps%2C77&sr=8-1

Summary: This was actually re-printed in 2022. So, it might be worth something.

 Mr. Tim | June 19, 2024 15:35
998:

BTW, if you find old computer manuals or magazines you may want to contact bitsavers.org.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from skulgun | June 19, 2024 16:23
999:

"They most certainly did plan. It may be comical to read about responding to battalion size antifa elements or writing literal misogyny into the document, but there is a level of organization here."

They had a plan for themselves. What they didn't anticipate, and didn't control, was the crowd that day.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 19, 2024 16:29
1000:

never mind if the project manager established an agreed upon standard and made it mandatory...

Yeah. A couple of times in the last year I've been somewhat yelled at for pdf files not opening with a strange error. I have learned to check the path name. In both cases the full path was something like 280 characters. I pointed this out but it must be MY fault that Microsoft has APIs that don't support longer.

And the managing partner even said she has told people to to stop writing sentences as folder names.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from JohnS | June 19, 2024 16:36
1001:

Charlie already posted on alternative means of bringing the probe back, but I think it would be easier to just swing it around the destination star. No stopping, obviously.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 16:39
1002:

Don't your electoral districts have the same population? In Canada we have a few ridings with significantly less population than the rest

Within each state equal population yes. But districts have to exist in one state so there is some fuzziness between Wyoming's single district and California's 50 or so. But still here in North Carolina we are a 50/50 (well 50.2/49.8 both ways depending). There is no rational looking map that gives our 13 Congressional districts anywhere near a 50/50 split that doesn't meet the standards of being Gerrymandered. Our D's and lean D's are mostly in the 2 major urban areas and a few smaller cities. And the R's and lean R's are mostly in the rural areas. So for our delegations to Congress to come out even you have to split out cities up and tie them to rural areas 100 or more miles away. So both parties go all out depending on who controls the legislature. I think that NC has the most redistricting lawsuits filed in the last 40-50 years of any state. The D's had a district drawn 20 years ago that had PARTS of two mid sized cities tied together via a 50 miles stretch of highway median.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 16:41
1003:

"Not sure how things are now, but for awhile the problem in US politics was that both parties had a minority of voters. So the trick was to try to get nonaligned voters to vote for your candidate....or failing that, to keep them from voting at all. This last is probably what's going to decide the election.'

This is true, and the people I trust to know what they are talking about (experienced political journalists) all seem to say the polls are completely useless until about late September. They also seem to think that as we approach the election, and choices start seeming "real" to people, there will be lot of buyers remorse around Trump. The economy is looking good for Biden. So my impression is that this election is Biden's to lose, which he still could, of course.

 David L replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 19, 2024 16:43
1004:

what do you mean I have to free the memory?

Or better yet, "what do you mean I have to pay attention to memory. At all."

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 16:44
1005:

"Even if we drop the requirement that the light be coherent when it hits the sail, you still need to hit a 40 nano-radians wide target, and only phased-array methods stands /any/ chance of doing that, so coherence is not optional."

Actually, no. You just need the small object to keep itself on beam. There are ways of doing that which involve the sail design.

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 16:45
1006:

Introduction to Digital Computing, copyright 1960

Anything about digital design from prior to the 80s interests me.

Like the other discussion about computing in general, most people doing digital design have no idea how to actually design a flip flop. Or that everything can be done once you have a NOR gate as a starting point.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 16:48
1007:

"DeMarquis @ 932 My, aren't we optimistic! No, that's NOT sarcasm - I think that the (likely?) Biden win will be followed by months of stochastic terrorism & murders & shootings. Your "republic" is in great danger.. "

It is in danger, but not from that. Mere stochastic terrorism isn't an existential threat. The real danger is that domestic turmoil would give the governing regime an excuse to suspend part of the Constitution, with public support.

 David L replied to this comment from andrew_m | June 19, 2024 16:51
1008:

to the Karl Marx Hof in Vienna

The problem with this isn't socialist or Nazi. Many people just don't want to live communally. Some of it learned. But much of it just they way their brains are wired.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 19, 2024 16:54
1009:

I think it would be easier to just swing it around the destination star. No stopping, obviously.

That won't work. (Any plausible interstellar probe is going to be traveling much, much faster than stellar escape velocity. You can bend its course but not reverse it.)

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 19, 2024 16:55
1010:

Howard NYC @ 944:

lots 'n lots of posts elsewhere about Trump foolishly failed to issue mass-dispersal pardons between 07JAN2021 and 20JAN2021

not feasible, since a pardon must have a specific individual's name upon it ...and in net effect it is an admission of criminal guilt... nobody involved really believed they'd get caught and nobody in the Trump Administration expected there'd be something as methodical as J6 Committee Hearings

Jimmy Carter - Proclamation 4483: Granting Pardon for Violations of the Selective Service Act

"In 1947, President Harry Truman granted amnesty to 1,523 men who violated the Selective Training and Service Act of 1940 by refusing to serve in the U.S. military during World War II.[7]"
"During the Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln pardoned former Confederate soldiers.[8] In order to receive the pardon, soldiers must have not held a Confederate civil office, they must not have mistreated Union prisoners, and they had to sign an oath of allegiance to the Union.[9][10] President Andrew Johnson granted general amnesty to additional ex-Confederate soldiers with certain exceptions.[11]"
 JohnS replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 17:09
1011:

Troutwaxer @ 985:

Yeah. I do actually get it. But consider the fact that nobody in Trump's circle even seems to have thought of making a list of Jan 6 people to pardon. It speaks volumes about what any number of Republicans were thinking (or not thinking.)

Yeah, well ... I don't think you should go pointing out that oversight to them.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 19, 2024 17:22
1012:

Still think that's a "slight bias" in favour of the smaller states?

I never said it was a "slight bias". That was petrajet. And Wyoming has 2/3 the population of Alaska, so is even more disproportionately influential.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 17:27
1013:

Any plausible interstellar probe is going to be traveling much, much faster than stellar escape velocity. You can bend its course but not reverse it.

Well you could visit 2 stars and swing around them in a triangle or maybe 3 in a 4 line flight. All it would do is add a few hundred more years. What's the issue?

I'll drop out of this now. No need to call in the bouncer.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 17:34
1014:

"your success is our success"

leastwise your successful sales will be our beer money

make mine a dark ale or better yet pumpernickel lager

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 19, 2024 17:47
1015:

I'd do a weekly sweep of all folders looking for files not in keeping with standardized names... sort the offenders by user ID and then mail the chunks to whomever had that user ID

automated... 2000 lines of VBA... nowhere as fast as compiled VB but so what it took five hours to run?

I'd start it running on my way out the door every THU so there it was in everyone inbox on FRI...

after about a month during which the offender report got more 'n more entries... none of developer were willing to tidy up unless I stood there at their elbow which, since I was not their mother I refused to do... the pressure got bigger for me to get compliance or having to escalate to the project manager which nobody wanted...

so they took to waiting till I left on THU to unplug my computer

the difference between a twentysomething coder and a five year old with a box of crayons scribbling on expensive wallpaper being the 5YO cannot trash a multi-million dollar project by his refusal to play by the rules

after I had to inform the project manger he had the unwelcome choice between not backing me up on enforcement of standards or being the bad guy whom everyone would hate... he actually tried to put it on me to be the bad guy and do the yelling and browbeating

he had to fire one developer to scare the rest into obeying him...

...so of course everyone blamed me

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 19, 2024 17:50
1016:

Robert Prior @ 989:

Don't your electoral districts have the same population? In Canada we have a few ridings with significantly less population than the rest, but that's half a dozen out of the whole House which very rarely has a political effect (PEI, Nunavut, Yukon, a couple of other Northern ridings).

I don't know how you'd do that?

Each Congressional District represents an average of 761,169 people ... there are 3 states whose populations are less than that, but they still get one seat in Congress (two more states have populations greater than that, but not sufficiently greater so that they get a second seat).

• Wyoming had a population of 576,851 in the 2020 Census (on which the current allocation of Congressional Seats is based)
• Delaware with a population of 989,948 is the most populous state with only a single seat in the House.

Every state regardless of population has TWO seats in the Senate.
Each Senator from Wyoming represents 288,425.5 persons
Each Senator from California represents 19,769,111.5 persons.

Our Electoral Commission does a good job of being politically neutral when adjusting the boundaries based on the census.

In most of our states the State Legislature is responsible for "adjusting the boundaries".

A few of those states have implemented "commissions" to handle redistricting and those do seem to be relatively "non-partisan" in setting up Legislative and Congressional district boundaries.

But for the rest it's a decennial dog fight for supremacy ... except for Texas where it's a dog fight after EVERY election.

The Texas Lege doesn't wait for the decennial census to try to screw the minority party voters again, they do it every session now (at least since Tom DeLay was a representative).

Google "packing & cracking"

PS: Google also "hyperbole"

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 17:55
1017:

SUGGEST: a wee bit of code to perform a weekly sweep of your servers looking for folder/dir/path longer than 248 characters

the WIN OS's limit -- still after 30+Y -- is 255

but... prior versions of MS Excel's Open File dialog will choke if you try to navigate a dir tree whose path is longer than 248 characters...

by 2005 I stopped hoping that clueless flaw had been fixed...

instead I used run the code every THU

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 18:06
1018:

Heteromeles @ 994:

RE: Primitive computers.

One request: I'm cleaning out my mom's home, and finding the occasional old computing book (e.g. Introduction to Digital Computing, copyright 1960) that somehow survived from my father and grandfather's time as engineers.

I'm pretty sure most of them are not worth anything, but if there are people online looking for paleo-computing books, I'd appreciate someone pointing me towards them and what they're looking for, just in case. What I'm doing is sorting things into junk/donate/sell later/keep boxes.

It's too bad you don't live in Raleigh. We have a bookstore called "The Readers Corner" that has outside bookshelves where you can get books on the Honor System (there's a slot in the door where you can pay for the books you want to take) ... books to the right of the door are $0.10 each, books to the left are $0.25 each.

It's also a good place to leave old, unwanted or surplus books that someone else might find useful.

The Readers Corner - JPEG image

But maybe there's something similar in your area.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 19, 2024 18:10
1019:

SUGGEST

Well nope. Lots of reasons. One being it has been a problem only twice in the last year.

But the biggest issue is the people I work with work with 0 to 4 others INSIDE the company and 0 to 50 outside. So you get cases where nothing inside the company is anywhere near a problem even with a path of 200 or so characters. Then they get a file from one of the outsiders where the name is a description sentence. Boom. (Sender says it is fine in THEIR office.)

WHY IS IT BROKEN? WHY CAN'T YOU FIX IT? ...

 David L replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 18:17
1020:

Shall we discuss fonts?

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from JohnS | June 19, 2024 18:19
1021:

Thanks, I put a Little Free Library in my driveway for just this purpose (Xmas present). Unfortunately, most of my patrons are my neighbors, and they're not paleocomputing nerds. Or, well, nerds.

I figure if I've got old computer esoterica, it's worth asking here first. The worst that'll happen is no response.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 19, 2024 18:39
1022:

I think it would be easier to just swing it around the destination star. No stopping, obviously....That won't work. (Any plausible interstellar probe is going to be traveling much, much faster than stellar escape velocity. You can bend its course but not reverse it.)

That's why Zubrin invented magsails. They're a real drag. As he said in the original Analog article, having a reactionless plasma-based braking system gets you halfway there. Something like https://www.centauri-dreams.org/2021/11/19/wind-rider-a-high-performance-magsail/ might work.

I'm just waiting for an update of Hoyle's Black Cloud reimagined as an interstellar probe. It's got big bits (magnetic field generators), and smaller bits (functional bots, mesobots, microbots, nanobots, and molecules and ions for shielding). The probe/cloud is fired out of the shotgun from hell (a big-ass linear accelerator), configures itself to get a boost from the solar wind on the way out to the heliopause, pulls itself into a fuzzy lump to coast towards its destination, where it makes itself into a plasma sail to slow down and steer. It comes in like a comet, drops in-system probes to gather data, goes around the star, them boosts itself on a somewhat slower ride back home as it collects telemetry from the probes it dropped. It might well scoop up plasma and dust to replenish its shield. At this point, the design is powered by wishful thinking and made of narrativium, but that's at least as durable as millennia old, laser-blasted mylar sails in interstellar space.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 18:41
1023:

David L @ 1002:

Don't your electoral districts have the same population? In Canada we have a few ridings with significantly less population than the rest

Within each state equal population yes. But districts have to exist in one state so there is some fuzziness between Wyoming's single district and California's 50 or so. But still here in North Carolina we are a 50/50 (well 50.2/49.8 both ways depending). There is no rational looking map that gives our 13 Congressional districts anywhere near a 50/50 split that doesn't meet the standards of being Gerrymandered. Our D's and lean D's are mostly in the 2 major urban areas and a few smaller cities. And the R's and lean R's are mostly in the rural areas. So for our delegations to Congress to come out even you have to split out cities up and tie them to rural areas 100 or more miles away. So both parties go all out depending on who controls the legislature. I think that NC has the most redistricting lawsuits filed in the last 40-50 years of any state. The D's had a district drawn 20 years ago that had PARTS of two mid sized cities tied together via a 50 miles stretch of highway median.

The way it should be done is start in the North East of the state (Currituck County) and start adding precincts along the edge until you get a population of 745,671 (more or less)1 and don't consider party. That's the 1st District. Do the same to create the next 13 Districts ending with District 14 (Cherokee County).

That gives 14 geographically "contiguous and compact" districts. The Interim Congressional District map imposed by the State Supreme Court actually comes close.

Do the state House & Senate districts the same way and let the chips fall where they will.

But so long as ANY political party controls the Legislature they're gonna' try to Gerrymander as much as they can get away with.

1 North Carolina population in the 2020 Census was 10,439,388 which gives us 14 seats in the House - dividing 10,439,388 by 14 gives 745,670.57 persons per House district.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 18:45
1024:

Thank you for the condolences. His death - first I knew was last Monday, I think, that he was in open heart surgery. And that he'd already been fighting MRSA.

A lot of people are in trouble. He was a real consultant, and did pro-bono for like churches and other non-profits, as well as the office his wife worked in.

And some of you may have used his code: many, many years ago, he was the one (it used to be in the man pages) who wrote the Unix commands cut and tr.

 whitroth replied to this comment from skulgun | June 19, 2024 18:49
1025:

First problem: published on 5 Jan. Need a little more time to distribute and read it, don'tcha think? Also, if it's as turgid as the Guardian says, I can't see 90% of the intended audience reading it.

 Mr. Tim replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 18:51
1026:

You can coax Win10 to allow longer file names.

This doesn't fix apps that statically allocated 255 chars though....

https://www.howtogeek.com/266621/how-to-make-windows-10-accept-file-paths-over-260-characters/

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 19, 2024 18:51
1027:

Oaths. Agreed. I actually spoke with my son before 6 Jan - he's a fed, agency under the DoD, can't tell you which, or I'd have to kill you - but he was comfortable assuring me that most would follow the Oath.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 19, 2024 18:54
1028:

All of that required tedious work, and attention to detail. Those are undesired traits, when all that matters is loyalty to him.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 18:56
1029:

Greg, come on, you damn well know better. Anachism is "no ruler", and voluntary organization. You know, like any sf club. Or, for that matter, the anarchists who fought Franco during the Spanish Civil War.

 David L replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 19, 2024 19:03
1030:

You can coax Win10 to allow longer file names.

Sure. The actual systems and the file server are fine with them.

This doesn't fix apps that statically allocated 255 chars though....

There are at least a zillion apps floating around with strings defined as a 1 byte count followed by the characters. Maybe a zillion zillion. Shall we talk Unicode strings?

This will be an issue for at least a decade or 3. Or longer.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 19, 2024 19:03
1031:

Um, nope. Allow me to offer a third.

Back when I was with Ameritech, two of the young contractors came to me - I was the "senior resource" - with an issue: the library kept crashing in the linked-in third party library, and they didn't know why.

I attached the Sun debugger to it while it was running, then did something they'd never known: I used the "s" command to step into the linked in library. Then I used "next" to go through until it crashed. Then I stepped into the function that it was crashing in, until it crashed.

Now, I didn't know Sun's assembly language, but I'd had assembly (IBM BAL), and could see it was moving some data into a location. Then I, having the authority, could email the third party (Tuxedo, by BEA), and tell their developers that it was crashing in function MyName, around so many instruction in, moving data to x.

They got back to me that day, to tell me an environment variable wasn't set.

So, not a trace, but focus in on where its crashing, then figure out why. Far less tedious.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 19:04
1032:

»Anything about digital design from prior to the 80s interests me.«

My current project: https://datamuseum.dk/wiki/Rational/R1000s400

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 19:06
1033:

You want worse? Mid-eighties, I had doctors creating directories\within\directories\so\it\had\a\self\documenting\name. (Nothing whatever in any of those except "name".)

 Dave Wise replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 19, 2024 19:36
1034:

Super long shot, but if you find any instruction manuals for Remex paper tape readers, let me know. I have an RRS3300 and I've never found documentation.

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | June 19, 2024 19:43
1035:

The office where I'm on my last consulting gig before death or retirement is the one I'm discussing. The two managing partners have diametrically opposed brains. One wants an extensive table of contents. So all kinds of directory and folder structures for all projects that align. The other is more of an index person. Lets do a minimal directory structure and just let me search. Creates a minor tension in the office at times.

 whitroth | June 19, 2024 19:46
1036:

Btw, Charlie - I'm very glad you keep this blog going. Some of the comments... for example, I'd never heard of physiocrats.

Thank you.

 David L replied to this comment from Dave Wise | June 19, 2024 19:59
1037:

but if you find any instruction manuals for Remex paper tape readers, let me know. I have an RRS3300 and I've never found documentation.

Is this you?

https://forum.vcfed.org/index.php?threads/seeking-remex-rrs3300-paper-tape-reader-info.1248555/

 David L | June 19, 2024 20:06
1038:

Getting back to the point of this post.

From the NY Times:
Slop
is a broad term that has developed some traction in reference to shoddy or unwanted A.I. content in social media, art, books and, increasingly, in search results.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 19, 2024 20:20
1039:

Thanks David.

For those in general who are interested in what I find, bug me at the gmail addy for this name. WARNING: I'm not going to have a full list for months, as getting the house cleaned out is the priority. I will set aside pre-80s computer stuff as I find it (and of course the Casio), and deal with it later rather than dumping it now.

 Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 23:20
1040:

Charlie @ 975
I think we were ALL wrong there - I appreciate the "can't take a joke" not being, perhaps the most appropriate, but ...
I carefully referred back to the dictionary definition of anarchism/anarchists.
NOTED.
um - whitroth ... if there is "no ruler" - who/what is going to run these um "voluntary organisations" ??
SEE ALSO - L Niven - "Cloak of Anarchy"

{ Charlie @ 974 }
I plead entirely guilty to that!

JohnS @ 1016
Ah, yes talking about trying to rig things? - against your sacred constitution, IIRC?

 Retiring replied to this comment from DeMarquis | June 19, 2024 23:22
1041:

The real danger is that domestic turmoil would give the governing regime an excuse to suspend part of the Constitution, with public support.

See, for instance, the 1933 movie Gabriel Over the White House, William Randolph Heart's idea of what FDR could do about the Depression. An astonishing movie.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 23:37
1042:

I have never heard of a club president being referred to as a "ruler". Now, SMOFs make think they were, but to say they're wrong...

 Moz replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 19, 2024 23:54
1043:

When your best rebuttal to a misunderstanding is to double down and argue with the referee it might be time to step back.

But since you seem more comfortable with authoritative definitions let's go back to the actual term you're struggling with: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anarcho-capitalism

You might also enjoy this description: https://plato.stanford.edu/entries/anarchism/

There are various forms of anarchism. Uniting this variety is the general critique of centralized, hierarchical power and authority. Given that authority, centralization, and hierarchy show up in various ways and in different discourses, institutions, and practices, it is not surprising that the anarchist critique has been applied in diverse ways.

I suggest that there are many more ways of organising things than picking a ruler and obeying them.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 20, 2024 04:07
1044:

One wants an extensive table of contents. So all kinds of directory and folder structures for all projects that align. The other is more of an index person. Lets do a minimal directory structure and just let me search. Creates a minor tension in the office at times.

Having an extensive table of contents doesn't preclude having an index…

(Yes, I know it was a metaphor. But I've found that relying on search requires that I remember what to search for, while a well-organized directory will let me get close enough to recognize the file even when I've misremembered the name.)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 20, 2024 06:03
1045:

hah

it's like blood pressure... one of those silent killers because without overt symptoms it goes along unnoticed

part of the error traps, not just total length but also checking for illegal characters...

there are six different single quote legit under WIN XP / WIN 7... but if you try to open filenames from inside code, if your text string uses the wrong single quote in name then the file is not found...

then there's the alphabet... although French uses the same 26 letters there are supercased { diacritics + ligatures + tilde } effectively adding a couple dozen variants to alphabet

Q: any clients located in Quebec, France or Haiti?

ditto for German, Spanish, Swedish, et al, though the variants differ

so when files cannot be found due to non-English letters in file names, but later on turn out to be present, who gets the blame?

a weekly sweep of servers to check for compliance with standards is cheaper than lawsuits and less severe than getting reamed out by the CEO for mistakes made by others

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 20, 2024 06:15
1046:

"intelligence" is oft typed as "intel" due to the ambiguousness of that word

"intel" being specifically the raw data gathered by sneaking, creeping, eavesdropping, copying, bribing, stealing, buying, etc...when our side does it, this is "monitoring the enemy" when the other side does it that's "illicit spying"

once you got those heaps of intel, then someone gets to gnaw their way through it to provide analysis... this is one of those thankless jobs nobody gets enough credit for doing for years upon years but will be dumped upon for failures real and imagined

EXAMPLE: the CIA's epic fail in predicting the 'fall of the wall' and lack of awareness that Communism was imploding in the USSR... though it is is possible they knew and decided to say nothing to POTUS lest Russian spies read the briefing, thereby the ruling elite of the USSR awakened to their oncoming demise and decide to press the Big Red Button to burn the world as a final gesture of cruelty...

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 20, 2024 06:22
1047:

a weekly sweep of servers to check for compliance with standards is cheaper than lawsuits and less severe than getting reamed out by the CEO for mistakes made by others

How things get done, and the budget for such, in a 10 to 20 person firm are very different from a 100K person firm. I have worked for (1099) the former most of my career. My wife has worked for (W2) the later most of her career.

There is a lot of overlap in the failure modes. But she only sees and/or knows at a personal level a step or few up her management chain. At times I visit the homes of the owners of the firms I work for. Or the owner IS the client.

FYI - USA references
1099 implies firms/people are NOT employees. They are independent contractors.
W2 implies an employee getting a paycheck.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Retiring | June 20, 2024 06:28
1048:

it was what is now nearest eqv such "2000 Mules" and other such propaganda

but given zero teevee and a populace less adept at filtering incoming visuals it could well have sunk in deep a bunch of quasi-fascistic memes

we got lucky

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 20, 2024 06:35
1049:

assuming how you type in the name of a sought file into searching tool does not include dashes (here's five common variants) is not English-UK ("Z" instead of "S" and verse a visea, "U"s in weird places, etc)

and nobody did the boneheaded thing of cap "O" for "zero" or lower "L" for "one" (or verse a visea)

assemble a set of rules into a standard that each of the Powers That Be regard as necessary... odds are they'll have differing concerns and those rules will not overlap...

when there is overlap? lock 'em in a room, toss in raw meat, wait a couple days before letting 'em out... leave it to 'em to fight it out

 JHomes replied to this comment from whitroth | June 20, 2024 06:48
1050:

" published on 5 Jan. Need a little more time to distribute and read it, don'tcha think?"

The document says that it is for an event planned for 10 Jan, so a little more lead time was there.

Presumably the planned event was preempted by the events on 6 Jan.

JHomes

 Howard NYC | June 20, 2024 07:45
1051:

https://archive.ph/NRc18

"Ukraine has a navy that needs no sailors"

never mind "Bolo" mega tanks in the 37th century

say hello to "CyberShark" naval vessels gnawing at hulls of warships... coming to a war near you in 2027

and at low cost potentially blockading civilian freighters from reaching seaports in Taiwan, UK, EU, US, China, et al

 Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 08:45
1052:

Before I answer any previous remarks - a question:
Are "Just stop Oil" being funded ... by Big Oil?
Yes, it's a sort of conspiracy hypothesis, but their actions seem almost deliberately designed to annoy the very people they want as supporters, people like you-&-me, f'rinstance. Any thoughts on this?

Moz
"Anarcho-captilasim is not "Anarchy" ( is it? ) ... any more than Democratic Socialism is Communism.
OTOH, I fully agree with your last sentence, about "picking a ruler"

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 09:54
1053:

Are "Just stop Oil" being funded ... by Big Oil? Yes, it's a sort of conspiracy hypothesis, but

That's alarmingly plausible. As is the theory that PETA, the American animal rights pressure group, is funded by the fur and/or meat industries.

(If the latter sounds far-fetched, remember that the Animal Liberation Front bombings in the UK in the 1980s were organized by undercover police officers embedded in the organization.)

"Make your enemies look like idiots by running a false flag operation" is one of the oldest propaganda techniques in the playbook.

 JHomes replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 10:10
1054:

'Anarcho-captilasim is not "Anarchy" ( is it? )'

IMHO anarcho-capitalism is pretty much a contradiction in terms.

Capitalism is based on owning things, which means that there has to be some way to decide who owns what, and to sort out disputes thereof. Experience suggests that just hoping that everyone will spontaneously agree on it just does not work. They don't.

So, we need a mechanism for deciding questions about ownership, and some kind of institution to implement that mechanism. Such an institution is (part of) a government, like it or not, simply by virtue of what it does.

So much for the anarcho- part.

JHomes

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 20, 2024 10:22
1055:

if you've ever been to meetings of any such do-gooder groups, at times it was as if someone had added rage inducing pharmaceuticals to the air...

hair-splitting plus an ever lengthening list of topics to be chewed upon ad nuasum...

you join up with hopes of getting something done but bog down in arguing upon basics of how to define victory followed by twaddle over methods

looking back... yeah... easily spotting how there were monkey wrenches tossed into gears and how those simplest of next steps never quite achieved due to =twaddle=

so... source of twaddle being an operative paid to be there by "Big Adversary" (targeted industrial sector)...?

looks quite plausible... dang

 Moz replied to this comment from JHomes | June 20, 2024 10:57
1056:

It's fairly commonly accepted that libertarians and so on are only loosely anarchists*. Similar to "democratic capitalists" being not very democratic. Or how many Christian churches only loosely follow the teachings of Christ. Good luck convincing the USA that unless everyone in the country votes on every rule they can't claim to be democratic.

One theory I've heard is that capitalism is based on the free exchange of value. Anarchism, in other words. This is where you get ideals like free markets, freedom from unnessary taxation and regulation, right of free association and so on.

The essence of anarchist organising is voluntary cooperation. Non-coercion. Consensus. Whatever you want to call it.

So anarchy includes such movements as the Presbyterian Church, the Rural Fire Service in Australia, and SF fandom. Not to mention Aotearoa's ideals of kotahitanga in contrst with kīngitanga. At the heart of most volunteer groups is a whole lot of anarchist politics. As soon as you can't coerce people to join your group and contribute to it you have to start using consensus and persuasion.

(* many are offended at the description or completely ignorant of the link. Like Christians being offended at the suggestion that Jesus was Jewish)

 DaiKiwi replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 20, 2024 13:01
1057:

From memory, and forgive me if this is mentioned down-comment - but that seems like Dr Robert Forward's ideas as outlined for popular consumption in his Rocheworld novel and other books? [And I think there were 1980s scientific papers to back it ]

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 20, 2024 13:06
1058:

Of course, the precision aiming required for even the 2-sail deceleration stunt at interstellar distances is insane ...

And there would be a bit of frequency shifting of the light reflected back from the sail continuing onward.

And given beam spread at that distance you might be able to literally count the photons coming back at you.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 20, 2024 13:15
1059:

I don't think any Republicans have the intelligence to make successful use of their intel.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 20, 2024 13:50
1060:

You assume that they are evil because they are stupid, rather than the evil being a show they put on for their followers (who are the stupid ones -- or rather, the willing followers).

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 20, 2024 15:11
1061:

Not exactly. I think the smart/educated ones - you're right, there are plenty of smart Republicans - have lost control of the party to the crazies. This is temporary and will last roughly as long as Trump can continue to convince people he's not (medically-speaking) demented. Once Trump goes down, which could happen as early as his sentencing in July, we'll see the smart ones slowly begin to regain control of the party. At that point the people in charge will be intelligent-enough to use their intel properly, and the intel will tell the not to start a massacre.

But right now the lunatics are running the asylum.

 David L replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 20, 2024 15:21
1062:

I wish it was so but I'm afraid it is not. Populism like this has legs. It is based on resentment. Some bogus. Some valid. Go talk to textile workers who lost all hope when things went overseas during the later 90s and into the 2000s. They raised their kids to be pissed. And they are. (They are not good at articulating at what in specific but still really pissed.) And so many other things.

And a non trivial number of the elected MAGA folks are Harvard and Yale educated with advanced degrees. They saw a band wagon they could jump on and they did. They will be there for a long time.

I don't have happy feelings about all of this.

I have relatives, one a brother, who will likely never talk with me or my other brother again due to us not becoming MAGA devotees. Plus a collection of other relatives and now former friends. Disagreement is NOT ALLOWED.

The Ken Bucks and Mitt Romneys know they are out for now and maybe for decades.

For the first time in decades I might watch a Presidential debate or two.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from David L | June 20, 2024 16:12
1063:

If they could articulate why they're pissed they'd be Democrats, and I think that's all I've got to say further on the subject.

 David L replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 20, 2024 16:48
1064:

You need to meet one of my wife's best friends. She's a hard D and can articulate her points. But her points can be contradictory most times. But in no way shape or form mention this or the interaction will not go well. [eyeroll]

 Heteromeles | June 20, 2024 17:21
1065:

Re:Anarcho-statism

The Pedant on ACOUP is going into how they think Celtic society worked right now. It’s relevant to this discussion. Here’s part 2: https://acoup.blog/2024/06/14/collections-how-to-raise-a-tribal-army-in-pre-roman-europe-part-ii-government-without-states/

A couple of basic points. One is that a state is a society where the government, in whatever form, claims and enforces a monopoly on the use of force, in both what we’d call policing and military roles. It’s not a subtle difference, either.

The opposite is what the academics call non-state, which is a society in which the central government, whether it exists or not, neither has nor claims a monopoly on the use of force. In the Celtic example, Big Men (as Bret calls them so you don’t think of them as feudal nobles) tend to raise and support war bands through familial, patronage, and customary relationships, and they have to have arms and the skill to use them to do so.

I’d argue three things: one is that it’s entirely possible to hav an anarchist non-state, but I doubt it’s possible to have an anarchist state, precisely because of that monopoly on the use of force thing. How you put violent people under state discipline to obey orders, while simultaneously letting them be equal governors of their free actions, is a hard needle to thread.

The other, as Bret points out, is that there are a lot of similarities between how a Gallic Civitates is organized and how Rome is organized, with councils of elders, elected magistrates, and the like. Thing is, Rome was a state, while the Celtic societies were not. As a result, Rome could scale up the violence to a degree that ultimately none of the Celtic non-state societies could match. That’s a problem with non-state societies in general. So if you can’t figure out how to create a viable anarchist state, whatever you do create will likely get pounded by a state, simply because their violence is an organized monopoly, not a pick-up team of whoever shows up.

One problem we have today is that many corporations are as big as nation-states, and within themselves, their management has a monopoly on the use of coercion if not lethal violence. One of the big problems we have is that these state-scale corporations overlap with traditional nation-states, and I suspect this is where a lot of the anarchy-capitalist ideas are coming from. Sorting out complicated and competing loyalties and power structures is a very different problem from figure out which ideology is best.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 20, 2024 17:45
1066:

...or worst yet the bigots are seeking to get in control of the rope supply and are eagerly planning what to do with the nation's annual output of barbed wire once they regain the White House

I flipped thru "Project 2025" to read random bits and now I'm wondering why there are men who dream of such awful things should happen...

 peteratjet replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 20, 2024 17:57
1067:

I beg to differ. The GOP fed the beast and used it, but now it's out of the basement and cannot be restrained. Trump doesn't care about policy, or even woke, but like any snake oil salesman he knows how to work the crowd. After 45 there will be others

 whitroth replied to this comment from JHomes | June 20, 2024 18:03
1068:

Which goes to show those trying to plan had little control, and possibly little contact, with the foot soldiers.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 18:06
1069:

They may get some funding, but I doubt it's direct. These people are classics: they want to get attention... and do it in such a way that it's worse than a failure, it's counterproductive.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 20, 2024 18:09
1070:

Agreed. This is why I dropped from the Wobblies, and went back to socialism. A state is needed, because otherwise, the wealthy and powerful will crush you, as they did to most of the 19th century religious communes.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 20, 2024 18:12
1071:

Had I ever run for national office, I would have proposed beggaring companies moving jobs overseas. Tax all their products/services, and they pay unemployment for the ex-employees until they got another equivalent job... and if they didn't for 20 years, until they retired, tough. Oh, and no getting out of that with bankruptcy.

 Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 19:14
1072:

Charlie @ 1053
Yup. "See Also" Stolypin of the Tsar's civil service & the almost-complete penetration of the Russian "Socialist" (Of all stripes) by the Cheka in the period 1880-1914.
Reichstag Fire is another one (maybe) - was v d Lubbers put up to it - we'll never know.
... @ 1060 ...
Unfortunately true. In that respect D J Trump is also a stupid follower, but some of his "followers", who are/maybe his actual handlers are very bright indeed, which is scary - see also one Vladimir Putin, of course.

JHomes @ 1054
Thank you ... you appear to be coming to the same conclusion as I did .. that it's an oxymoron. { Moz will doubtless disagree, though }

Howard NYC
Mind you, sometimes people are so devoted to "the cause" that they lose all sense of proportion ... I know a couple who are "Corbynite" & they are so concerned with IDEOLOGICAL PURITY - rather than, you know ... Winning the fucking Election ... that I considered winding them up by congratulating them on their good work for the tory party. I'm glad to say I didn't, but it was very tempting.

Moz
Ah, there you are!
As for "christians" - Well ZERO of them actually follow the supposed teachings of Yeshua, as far as I can see ....
Ah yes .. "free markets" - other then the local vegetable stalls in our actual High Streets, I don't think they exist, do they - see also, of all people Adam Smith. Right.
Just for giggles & reading your posted definition of "Kotahitanga" - do you know the origin of my last surname?
One who speaks, or has right to speak at the THING ... that "Thing" being, according to where you are standing, the Althing or the Tynwald .....
OK - translation: Argumentative, contrarian, awkward sod, right.

Troutwaxer @ 1061
My, aren't we optimistic!
The fascist cat is out of it's bag, & will need sterilising - again. In that case DJT becomes the heroic lost leader - & the "followers" can re-invigorate their US version of fascism ( "Man in the High Castle" as per the TV series ) & just carry on.
Do I really need to quote Tolkien/Gandalf on this subject?
{ I note David L is saying something very similar }

H
And anarch-statism worked SO WELL in pre 1168 Ireland, didn't it?
Though the problem of "Overmighty Corporations" is a familiar one, dealt with, at times, by various English & occasionally, Scottish monarchs.

peterajet
Yes, unfortunately ....
It's as if Adolf dies of a meth overdose in late 1934 ... & ... Reinhard Heydrich takes over.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 19:44
1073:

Yeah, the corporation is a non-state polity. The problem with modern, end-stage capitalism is that the MBAs came in, and ROI is the ultimate good... with no reward for employees or customers.

 Dave Moore | June 20, 2024 20:53
1074:

David L. @ 1062

If you want to get the point of view of the old-school Republicans who’ve been pushed out by the MAGA crowd, I would recommend the Bulwark podcast on Youtube. These people being Ex-reuplicans have good knowledge of the inside machinations of the party and highly perceptive political observations (and incidentally, they are more scared of Trump being elected than most Democrats.)

They are hoping that once Trump leaves the scene, they’ll get their party back, but they won’t. The Republican Party has gone from a conservative pro-business party to an authoritarian, reactionary party. If these old-school Republicans want a Conservative Party, they’re going to have to form one of their own.

It’s their own fault. They did a deal with the devil to get elected (Lee Atwater using the media as a weapon of mass distraction from their policies) and now the devil is getting his due (Donald Trump.)

This trend is widespread in Western countries. There used to be two main parties: a Social-Democratic one representing workers, and a Conservative one representing business interests (this is a broad simplification.) The Social-Democratic parties in an effort to broaden their appeal forgot their worker’s party roots. Your average working class person does not make political decisions by parsing the finer points of Marxist theory. Their political calculus is these guys have done nothing for us. I’ll give these other guys a go. They’re saying things I agree with. As a result, there’s a growth of authoritarian, reactionary parties.

 Howard NYC | June 20, 2024 21:29
1075:

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/10/opinions/louisiana-ten-commandments-bill-schools-federman/index.html

"Opinion: New Louisiana law threatens the sanctity of the Ten Commandments"

oh... good... a reminder of what Christian Nationalism dreams about how to go about reshaping the US

not too long before there's a reworded Pledge of Allegiance: "one nation under one God... without liberty nor justice for anyone not complying with the One True Faith"

 David L replied to this comment from Dave Moore | June 20, 2024 21:41
1076:

I would recommend the Bulwark podcast on Youtube.

I'm familiar with Charlie Sykes and company. Personally I like their commentary. I don't agree with many of their policy positions but they are all in with rational elections of governments. And rational arguments in general.

 Dave Wise replied to this comment from David L | June 20, 2024 21:48
1077:

Is this you?

Yes, David L, that's me at Vintage Computing Federation, in search of doc or a fellow owner... or even a former owner. I also asked at classiccmp.org . Nothing so far. I've a hard time believing I have the only one. Am I so far behind the curve that even the antique collectors have lost interest?

-Dave Wise

 David L replied to this comment from Dave Wise | June 20, 2024 21:57
1078:

I was wondering just what it was you were looking for and your request popped as the first result in a Google search.

But sorry, I've never heard of such a device.

There was a LOT of odd ball things way back when. Says he who wrote a driver for a dual floppy external drive for use with Interdata mini computers back around 77 or 78.

 Dave Lester replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 20, 2024 22:26
1079:

Howard @1075

Joyously, The State of Louisiana has selected an evangelical version of the Ten Commandments.

I am hoping that the Roman Catholics of the state, now sue the Governor for religious discrimination. Or the Latter Day Saints. Or the state’s Chief Rabbi, eh, Howard?

(And of course it was in part an attempt to insulate the Federal Government from having to take such decisions that the doctrine of the separation of church and state was formulated.)

 Moz replied to this comment from Dave Moore | June 20, 2024 22:32
1080:

They did a deal with the devil to get elected.... This trend is widespread in Western countries.

There was a cliche a while ago that one party tries to govern, the other party tries to prove that government is impossible.

The deal with the devil is exactly that. The reactionary parties focus on showing voters that whatever government does it's wrong, it cannot work, and the whole idea of government is stupid. And this is effective. It's easy to do if you put any moral compass and thought of the future aside and focus purely on winning in the moment. Tearing down is inherently easier than building up. Another cliche is that the attacker only has to find one weakness, the defender has to prevent all of them.

So now we end up after several iterations of "government is the problem" with a whole lot of people, often a plurality of voters, convinced that government is bad and their only goal should be to get what loot out of it that they can. Seeing Trump et al looting doesn't convince them that looting should be stopped, it convinces them that (again) they're missing out on loot. I call them nihilists, even though they explicitly deny both having a political philosohpy and having that one.

Irritatingly there's a meme going round that what the pro-government people need to do is spend more time listening respectfully to the nihilists, understanding what they want, and giving it to them.

The mindblowing stupidity of this is apparently too subtle for many naive pro-government types, while others promoting this are either accidental or deliberate entryists. As we see with Labour in Australia, Aotearoa, the UK etc, doing this has exactly the effect you'd expect: a "left" government hated by the "right" but also by most of the "left" because it's a shambolic shitshow almost entirely focussed on doing nothing because that's what the nihilists want.

 Dave Moore | June 20, 2024 23:09
1081:

David L @ 1076

Charlie is no longer on the podcast. He retired. What I do find useful is their legal analysis of Trump's trials--not the podcast hosts themselves, but that of the lawyers they get in. One of them (the lawyers) is batting 1000 and he's predicting jail time for Trump in the New York hush money/falsifying business records case.

 Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 23:39
1082:

Dave Moore @ 1074
It's an almost-perfect replay of the (bad) moves made by German industrialists & normal right-wing-but-repectable politcos & business leaders, when dealing with Adolf, approx 1928-33. Yes?
And you are correct, they won't ever get "Their" party back, same as is going to happen tp the tories, here, post 4/7/2024.

Howard NYC
Apart from the offical church/state separation encoded in the US constitution ...
WHICH VERSION of the "10 Commandments" - since I know there are two, or possibly three variations & maybe more! ...
As I see David Lester has also noticed - oh FUN TIMES as the religious factions fight it out!
I assume this will crash-&-burn on appeal, because it IS "unconstitutional"

 David L replied to this comment from Dave Moore | June 20, 2024 23:48
1083:

Charlie is no longer on the podcast. He retired.

I see him (well listen) (and maybe not him for a while) and the others as commentators on msNBC at times. I also fast forward a lot with some of the pontificaters. But I've always found the Bulwark folks articulate and coherent. Even if I disagree with them.

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 20, 2024 23:52
1084:

WHICH VERSION of the "10 Commandments" - since I know there are two, or possibly three variations & maybe more! ...

Yes that's my question. But I can't be bothered to read the actual law.

Here's 9 orderings:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ten_Commandments

post 4/7/2024

What happened on April 7th? (I'll leave now.)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 00:29
1085:

An 11x14 poster, in a large, easily readable font…,”

I see someone using a Hebrew font, just to see what happens. Or making it part of a wall display that talks about something else. Like hypocrisy maybe?

They did make a mistake by specifying the text, of course, because it makes it clear this is political, not historical.

 Mr. Tim | June 21, 2024 00:50
1086:

I thought I saw in some documentary that there were originally 15..

What was the name of that?

hmmm, "History of the World, part 1", that was it.

 David L replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 21, 2024 01:09
1087:

Well this is Louisiana. Which has a greater than most of the US Roman Catholic population. So do they use the RC version or the Protestant version?

I can just see the PTA meeting now. (Parent Teacher Associations are a US thing where parents get to help out the schools but can quickly turn into forums for pet arguments.)

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 21, 2024 01:56
1088:

In case anyone didn't know, "History of the World, Part II" came out last year as a streaming series.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 01:58
1089:

I’ll do a Howard….

“Okay class, it’s Friday current events time! Get out your phones. We’re going to make a list of any of the Commandments that got broken in Louisiana news last week….no Emily, you can’t go on Fanduel. That’s putting Mammon before Jesus. Class, which commandment did she break?”

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 21, 2024 04:37
1090:

The Daily Show just uploaded a pretty similar idea: https://youtu.be/ulEynBx7dsg?t=287

Just cross out the ones Republicans ignore and we're ... hey, where'd they all go?

 Howard NYC | June 21, 2024 05:06
1091:

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/20/health/obesity-genetic-wellness/index.html

"Researchers have found a ‘clear genetic trigger for obesity’ that applies to some people"

no, this is not good news

premiums for life insurance and medical insurance are calibrated to reflect various factors... top of the list being "tobacco Y/N"... now there's a way to identify those prone to obesity... rather than lowering premiums for those without the gene sequence, premiums will rise for those who do... and while in theory that's 'marketplace rational' it is a mode of bigotry...

PREDICT: here in US, lobbyists will get Congress to legalize penalties upon customers for having "negative outcome gene sequence"... leading to lawsuits and countersuits... lawyers and lobbyists will cheer and politicians will get bigger bribes (fracking autocorrect, when I typed "campaign donations" that's what showed up)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 21, 2024 05:11
1092:

shhhh...!

I was going to wait out the court challenges before shipping out 10,000 copies of a TC poster typed up in Hebrew to closeted liberal teachers in LA to hang on their walls

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 21, 2024 05:52
1093:

Far better to have them use Arabic. It is, after all, the most recent version with wide acceptance and an awful lot of non-believers also read it. Plus the humor value of the posters being declared either satanic or terrorist would be huge. I don't think that would happen quite as often with Hebrew. Don't forget to include a handy picture of Moses to remind people where the commandments come from :)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 21, 2024 06:30
1094:

dude, do you have any idea how many batshit gonzo crazies amongst these Christian Nationalists / Christian Supremists hold to the notions they are the righteously genuine Jews? ...and anyone born as a Jew (myself as one instance) needs be dealt with forthwith to cleanse Christendom of 'false Jews'?

no really

they hold to Christians as being the genuine version of Jews

forced to see Hebrew version of TC will lead 'em to respond

lawsuits, protests, and an occasional mass murder event since they find themselves being challenged by a world not yet purified[1]

==== [p1] for varying definitions of "purified", given no two factions/splinters off of the CN/CS seem willing to agree upon exactly what the 'newer world order' ought be in its final form... but yeah they agree for the need for 'purification'... 'genocide' being so twentieth century in its incompleteness and weak tea mercies

 Greg Tingey | June 21, 2024 08:22
1095:

David L
Pedant alert: - THE REST OF THE PLANET uses: Day / Month / Year
So - after our election on Thursday, 4th July 2024.

Howard NYC
I knew they are crazy .. but they are at Adolf-levels of lunacy? Yuck.

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 21, 2024 10:04
1096:

Do the probe comes home, finds someone to talk to, and trades a mission report for a refit, a cushy retirement, or whatever. Takes longer, but the information goes to those who want it.

ObSF: Life Probe by Michael McCollum.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 10:23
1097:

So do they use the RC version or the Protestant version?

Neither: turns out Louisiana want to mandate an abridged version of the ten commandments concocted by the Fraternal Order of Eagles in 1950 for Cecil B. DeMille's movie, "The Ten Commandments", containing eleven commandments.

Because they may be dipshit dominionist evangelicals but their own ten commandments (from the King James edition) are apparently inadequate.

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 21, 2024 10:40
1098:

It goes up to 11!

 JHomes replied to this comment from Moz | June 21, 2024 11:42
1099:

"It goes up to 11!"

or even 12 by some counts..

Oh, and if that was supposed to be a hyperlink, it's broken. No "href" attribute in the opening tag.

JHomes.

 Mikko replied to this comment from Moz | June 21, 2024 11:43
1100:

Couldn't you just make ten louder?

 Moz replied to this comment from Mikko | June 21, 2024 11:56
1101:

I don't think THOU SHALT COMMIT ADULTERY really covers the same ground as "thous shalt not covet thy neighours arse (even if it is really tight in those little lycra shorts)"

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 21, 2024 12:04
1102:

...and she's been going all kinds of Gumby[1], having been practicing hotbox yoga for five years

====

[1] "Gumby" being slang for what is possible to achieve after enough yoga... looks a lot like rubbery bones and elastic ligaments... when combined with a sufficiency of spandex the results are guys walking into lampposts and sheepish drivers fender-bendering at stoplights

what's quite noteworthy, any woman between 20 and 50 not in a wheelchair can practice yoga and achieve WMD[2] levels of harm in just a year or so... after that... oy

[2] WMD = women massively distracting

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 21, 2024 12:11
1103:

not Adolf Hitler... they've been modeling themselves after the theocratic revolution of Iran in early 1980s

if you read up on what the mullahs did to Iran, you'll weep... and NC-WS-CS factions are all eager to do all that and worse things in the USA

only thing slowing 'em down is how many factions there are seeking to place themselves on the top perch...

once they crack enough heads to achieve consensus then they'll start looking for undeveloped land just outside major urban centers on which to dig and then fill unmarked mass graves with those deemed unworthy

 David L | June 21, 2024 12:27
1104:

THE REST OF THE PLANET

I GIVE UP!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8JtnEUPvpus

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Moz | June 21, 2024 12:39
1105:

Don't forget to include a handy picture of Moses to remind people where the commandments come from :)

Would that be Moses as he likely was, or White Moses™ as portrayed by Charlton Heston in the film?

 David L replied to this comment from JHomes | June 21, 2024 12:39
1106:

or even 12 by some counts..

There are a few verses in the book of Exodus which have been run through over 3000 years of translations (and language iterations) some with and some without punctuation. With some side doses of theological ideology tossed in.

So there are various versions in English depending on the path you like to follow. All are basically the same although as someone mentioned the one about adultery, plus "murder" and "gods before me" have some wildly varying interpretations.

Personally I suspect they could put a different version on the walls of each school in the state and be following the law as I've heard it described. And no I haven't read it.

Then let's get to the Islamic versions. A former Islamic cleric who gave it up and had to leave his country of birth before the authorities got him, says the most widely used English (and a few other languages) translation of the Koran is as much a political translation as a religious one. Meant to down play all the bits that might offend folks who didn't grow up in the middle east. It was/is funded in translation, printing, and distribution by the Saudis. Anyway, I'm betting you can get a few more iterations started with the Islamic Koran in Arabic then moving to other languages.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 12:48
1107:

Would that be Moses as he likely was, or White Moses™ as portrayed by Charlton Heston in the film?

Back in the 90s I would tell people that Yeshua likely looked much more like Yasser Arafat than those pictures on the church hallways, cathedrals, or in the movies.

It irritated a few people.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 12:53
1108:

Personally I suspect they could put a different version on the walls of each school in the state and be following the law as I've heard it described. And no I haven't read it.

Not a lawyer, but if you take a look at the text of the law it certainly appears that it dictates exactly what the poster is supposed to include:

(2) The text shall read as follows:
"The Ten Commandments
I AM the LORD thy God.
Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not make to thyself any graven images.
Thou shalt not take the Name of the Lord thy God in vain.
Remember the Sabbath day, to keep it holy.
Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.
Thou shalt not kill.
Thou shalt not commit adultery.
Thou shalt not steal.
Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbor.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's house.
Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his cattle, nor anything that is thy neighbor's."

https://www.legis.la.gov/legis/ViewDocument.aspx?d=1364576

 Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 13:10
1109:

And in news of petty and weird behaviour:

A Vermont lawmaker was compelled to apologize publicly after being caught on video pouring water into her colleague’s work bag multiple times across several months.

The bizarre behavior is allegedly a part of a campaign of harassment that one legislator aimed at another who represents the same district in the Green Mountain state, independent outlet Seven Days first reported.

The Republican representative, Mary Morrissey, 67, confessed to dumping water in the bag of the Democratic legislator Jim Carroll, 62. She later apologized during a Vermont state house session on Monday, Boston.com reported.

https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/article/2024/jun/18/vermont-republican-water-bag

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 13:25
1110:

thank u for link...

FUNFACT: when I searched for "english" and "English", neither came up; which offers that delightful opportunity I posted previously of those mandatory posters could be in Hebrew... then again... why not Kligonese? Morse dit-dats? Esperanto? French? binary ASCII?

Q: why not all of 'em?

swap 'em out daily to see if the kiddies notice

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 21, 2024 13:25
1111:

The problem is that to reply to everyone I'd have to successfully predict the future. Unfortunately, I can't. But barring something horribly awful I think the Republicans are going to lose badly this year, and the blame will land squarely on their MAGA types. (Whether they'll actually take the MAGA types out behind the woodshed is another matter, of course.)

Yes, of course I'll be voting and otherwise preparing. And yes, Project 2025 is hideous.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 13:27
1112:

Mary Morrissey, 67, confessed to ...

For a long time in my youth and not too long after there was a phrase "sophomoric humor". Which meant (based on the US school system) meant stupid mean things 14/15 year olds thought was funny but most would then grow out of it. Now I realize that most don't grow out of it. I just quit socializing with them decades ago.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 13:33
1113:

text of the law it certainly appears that it dictates exactly what the poster is supposed to include: ...

Well that's a big amount of hubris. They (LA legislature) are spoiling for a Supreme Court ruling. If they left it generic then the law might pass muster with the historical angle. But by specifying the exact text, they now have said other faiths/bible/torahs/etc... are wrong and/or you must pay attention to OURS. Which makes a win in court much less likely.

Never underestimate the hubris of an old line southern politician.

 Dave Lester | June 21, 2024 13:55
1114:

Howard @1110

If it was me teaching CS at the University of Louisiana, I’d put up lots and lots of versions, beside the legally mandated version, and invite the students to write a short 300 word piece on how they’d decide between different versions.

Subversive, and yet educational, yes? (But probably illegal in the US, due to State/Church rules)

 Charlie Stross | June 21, 2024 14:34
1115:

I just got my postal voting papers and voted. Waiting to go in the post box next time I go out the front door.

Spoiler: I did not vote for Reform UK, the Conservatives, or these absolute roasters (although as they only scraped together the money to field two candidates in the 2019 general election I'm kind of curious as to who's bankrolling them to run in Edinburgh North and Leith, where they stand a snowball's chance in a Type II supernova of not losing their deposit) ...

 David L replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 21, 2024 14:38
1116:

(But probably illegal in the US, due to State/Church rules)

Actually not illegal. Especially if done as a comparative religion study or history lesson. Not that some militant atheists would not get up in a snit. (We grow them, militants, on both sides over here.) And to be honest some parents would get in a snit that their child was being taught a false religion. No matter that the child might be 18 or 22 years old.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 21, 2024 14:40
1117:

I did not vote for Reform UK, the Conservatives,

Gee. Who would have guessed. [big grin]

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 15:06
1118:

I expect some young person to notice differences between the mandated text and what's in the KJV. I also think there may be potential to annoy "The blessed of Mammon", who would welcome the return of "Sunday blue laws"* as much as they'd welcome an ice cold enema. * If they return, lets ask for a three day weekend, anything less would be unfair to those who keep a different Sabbath, right?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 21, 2024 15:17
1119:

If they return, lets ask for a three day weekend, anything less would be unfair to those who keep a different Sabbath, right?

Well, it says "remember the Sabbath day", not "take a day off on the Sabbath, you lazy swine". It's perfectly OK for restaurants to be open so church ladies have somewhere to lunch after the service. And those who keep a different sabbath are just wrong.

(Sarcasm, hopefully obviously. But also how I think the average evangelical would justify it.)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 15:28
1120:

Re: LA 10 commandments law.

I only glanced at the law, but I wonder if it’s legal to make a version with 11 commandments on it, or one framed by bits of the Constitution?

Anyway, I presume this effort is a) a publicity stunt, and b) a fundraiser.

If someone did want to spin it, I’d suggest starting a non-profit to dispose of guns and ammo. Advertise it with the themes of “Thou Shalt Not Kill” and pay out in gift cards to local grocery stores.

Incidentally, this is what the local sheriffs do in gun take back drives. Got a $100 gift card that way.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 15:31
1121:

Not a lawyer, but if you take a look at the text of the law it certainly appears that it dictates exactly what the poster is supposed to include:
(2) The text shall read as follows:

OK. Just did some quick research. This is NOT KJV. As I understand things the Trump bible ($59.99 online today shipping to Europe extra) IS KJV.

So Louisiana Maga supporters are now saying the Trump Bible isn't good enough?

And if someone puts up KJV or other main stream translation they can get fined or arrested?

This could get interesting for Saturday Nigh Live versions of interesting quickly.

And I'll go away if this discussion irritates Charlie.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 15:34
1122:

David L @ 1106:

"or even 12 by some counts.."

...

Personally I suspect they could put a different version on the walls of each school in the state and be following the law as I've heard it described. And no I haven't read it.

Apparently the new law does spell out exactly the 12 commandments that MUST appear on "10 Commandments" poster.

 Grant replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 15:37
1123:

Interesting that they leave out the stuff about coveting thy neighbour's slave...

 JohnS replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 21, 2024 15:43
1124:

Tim H. @ 1118:

I expect some young person to notice differences between the mandated text and what's in the KJV. I also think there may be potential to annoy "The blessed of Mammon", who would welcome the return of "Sunday blue laws"* as much as they'd welcome an ice cold enema. * If they return, lets ask for a three day weekend, anything less would be unfair to those who keep a different Sabbath, right?

I still wanna' know what the teacher is gonna' say when some snot nose asks, "Why is it called the 10 Commandments when there are 12 of them?"

 Tim H. replied to this comment from JohnS | June 21, 2024 15:46
1125:

My guess, "Detention!".

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 21, 2024 16:14
1126:

You're assuming a new civil war would resemble the last civil war, with uniformed armies marching back and forth defending territory and trying to take enemy states.

In reality, a new civil war would resemble the Rwanda genocide of the 1990s, only with social media chatrooms to coordinate attackers and provide target lists, and AR-15s instead of machetes.

Yes, definitely. Even the most casual observation shows that none of the Yokel Haram cranks is remotely ready for an actual war, they're stroking their guns and dicks to fantasies of domestic terrorism.

(Compare the January 6th insurrection to the 2020 racial justice protests, as the internet Reich Wing trolls love to do. The big violent outburst got about a thousand active participants and lasted three hours - horrible hours, but only a few hours. The racial justice protests lasted months and were in multiple cities across the US. As I said in 2020, if the left organized civil unrest there would be a food tent, first aid stations, face painting, wannabe musicians, and speeches about impractical political ideas - and they could stick it out for a long time.)

Most of the not-totally-crazy ones learned that anyone who actually does this stuff gets hauled in by the police shortly thereafter. Certainly prosecutors love it when criminals are dumb enough to conspire over the internet. But we can no longer deny that there are a lot of totally crazy people who really want some excuse to go out and wreck something.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 21, 2024 16:18
1127:

As a teacher, my guess is "That's an excellent question. Why don't your write to your state representative and ask them?".

Most teachers are unhappy with this law (at least in the online teacher forums I frequent), but are also very much aware that their jobs hang by a thread nowadays.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 16:23
1128:

whether or not true, there's that old anecdote about how some blowhard senator unhappy with there being only 12 eggs in a dozen tried to re-define "dozen" as 15

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 16:29
1129:

...and nobody needs to use a bank on the weekends nor get a prescription filled

after all, disasters are limited to 9-2-5, M-2-F...

{ eye roll so rapid as to approach Mach 1.2 }

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 21, 2024 16:31
1130:

Since it's all DJT personality cult now and, like most dictators, he doesn't have a strong successor, I think it's more likely that the gang will fragment when he goes than that they'll unite well enough to wage a Civil War. If this is the case, we may see more Red-On-Red violence than Red-On-Blue or Blue-On-Red.

That's been observed, yes; you might have already seen this editorial cartoon titled Civil War 2024. There's a lot of factional hatred and in-group requirement of ideological purity.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from JohnS | June 21, 2024 16:38
1131:

I still wanna' know what the teacher is gonna' say when some snot nose asks, "Why is it called the 10 Commandments when there are 12 of them?"

“Now Jeffrey, we’ve been over this before. Most children only have ten fingers to count on, that’s why there are Ten Commandments. You shouldn’t show off.”

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 16:41
1132:

heh... please mention to them the "non-specific language loophole"

as well "sometimes 12 equals 10 if you pray hard enough"

but let's face the bleak truth this is publicity stunt to fund raise from those diehard CN/WS as well to distract liberals with hefty chunks of raw red meat lawsuits

just another bit of nastiness to test the boundaries in hopes pushing outwards, ever outwards, until...

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 21, 2024 16:41
1133:

That would be the ideal response.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 21, 2024 16:44
1134:

Thanks for that brief vision of "Mr Creosote".

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 21, 2024 17:35
1135:

your welcome {G}

here's something else to gnaw upon... aspects of Republican-slash-National-Christian group-think resembling 'cargo cults'

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cargo_cult

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 21, 2024 18:17
1136:

I will note that the article says this is one in 1500. There are a LOT more than 1 in 1500 who are overweight.

 alantyson | June 21, 2024 18:20
1137:

The LA law, to me, just seems like another bid at eroding goodwill toward public schools, in the same way that book banning efforts do. "They're literally breaking the law by teaching your children atheism," "school libraries are filled with pornography," same song different instruments. The whole point is to get people to put their kids in "safer" private schools, whether that means religious institutions or just idiot factories that pump out compliant workers and incurious voters. Or maybe that's applying too much intelligence to the malice... just as likely it's to get parents to pay into private schools owned by private equity firms. Either way, frightening to believe that the early 2000s, when I was enrolled in secondary/high school, might be the Good Old Days now.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 18:27
1138:

While we're at it, the rest of the planet, minus Liberia and the military dictatorship of Myanmar, uses metric.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 21, 2024 18:30
1139:

Let's wait for the kid to point out that they can worship all the gods they want, as long as JHVH is first among them. Like Zeus... (another lightning bolt thrower).

I'd have a gazillion-dollar lawsuit in federal court, and include as the defendants all those who voted for it...AND Thomas, Alito, and Barrett. Let's see them not recuse themselves from that.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 21, 2024 18:34
1140:

Would they have to shut down the 'Net, as well, per the blue laws? I mean, Amazon...

 JohnS replied to this comment from alantyson | June 21, 2024 18:54
1141:

alantyson @ 1137:

The LA law, to me, just seems like another bid at eroding goodwill toward public schools, in the same way that book banning efforts do. "They're literally breaking the law by teaching your children atheism," "school libraries are filled with pornography," same song different instruments. The whole point is to get people to put their kids in "safer" private schools, whether that means religious institutions or just idiot factories that pump out compliant workers and incurious voters. Or maybe that's applying too much intelligence to the malice... just as likely it's to get parents to pay into private schools owned by private equity firms. Either way, frightening to believe that the early 2000s, when I was enrolled in secondary/high school, might be the Good Old Days now.

Private equity's involvement in the private school movement is a fairly recent development. Didn't really come until the charter school movement took off.

Primarily this is an effort to overturn Engel v. Vitale with a secondary objective of rolling back Brown v. Board of Education.

 JohnS replied to this comment from JohnS | June 21, 2024 19:02
1142:

PS: For me the "Good Old Days" were the middle-60s when the schools still actually tried to teach you to THINK

... which I think resulted in the counter culture when the BOOMERS actually tried to put those lessons to use - resulting in a back-lash from authoritarians against teaching kids to reason; kids have to be taught to shut up and do as they're told instead.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 21, 2024 19:51
1143:

Likewise, with the note that the ARs have enough funds to stand a candidate over here, and produce a colour flier!

 JohnS | June 21, 2024 20:03
1144:

Why do THEY make it so damn hard to report SCAM/SPAM emails & texts?

 Tim H. replied to this comment from whitroth | June 22, 2024 02:45
1145:

My impression is that they want everything back, and more. Wouldn't be surprised if some of those little things they seek bring them into conflict with the investor community.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 22, 2024 03:16
1146:

Say what now? I always thought the ten commandments were pretty straightforward, and now I find out there's different versions?

I also find the quote "...the ultimate lawgiver, Moses." a bit odd too. Wasn't that supposed to be god, as that was who gave them to Moses? Who broke one of the tablets and all?

 Moz replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 22, 2024 03:41
1147:

I always thought the ten commandments were pretty straightforward, and now I find out there's different versions?

There's people involved, nothing is straightforward or simple.

We can start with the old book, where there are 10-ish commandments, probably, depending on whose opinion you listen to. And there's there's the rebellious teenager dude who thought 10 was way too many, and some of that shit was just weird, so he simplified it down to "be nice" and tried to lead by example and shit, so the cops offed him. Then a bunch of leadershit got hold of his ideas and put their own stamp on them. So we get "women should STFU and do what they're told" and "you can buy forgiveness and this handy temple we set up", oh and "the pope is the infallable word of god, forget that Jesus fucker he's old school" (and don't forget to pick the right pope!)

And then there's the updated new improved messenger, complete with new holy book and a whole load of extra gossip and an extra focus on running a whole society rather than just being a ood person.

Later, of course, we get the "pick a pope" era, and also "how about you two sects fight" in various combinations (still going on today, see "Crusade Against Terrorism" for example), right down to the current "whose commandments are the authoritative ones" not to mention the whole "the Queen's English was good enough for Jesus Christ" bizzo that some of the chat above alluded to. And we haven't even got to the special gold plated edition yet.

Straightforward it is not.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Grant | June 22, 2024 03:46
1148:

Interesting that they leave out the stuff about coveting thy neighbour's slave...

Well, that commandment's irrelevant until they manage to repeal the 13th amendment, or pass the Corwin amendment. Either would do.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from alantyson | June 22, 2024 03:53
1149:

just as likely it's to get parents to pay into private schools owned by private equity firms

As well as direct public funding to those private equity firms by passing laws that gives them the same state per-student funding as public schools get, plus whatever they can get parents to chip in.

 Moz replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 22, 2024 03:57
1150:

Nah, slavery is still perfectly fine, it's just dependent on a court to impose it rather than being the "natural state"{cough}

I'm just waiting for someone to bring back genuine Old Testament marriage like God intended (all the wives, concubines and slaves you can afford!)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 22, 2024 05:03
1151:

QUOTE: "This particular genetic finding doesn’t apply to a large population of people with obesity — only about 1 in 5,000 people have this genetic makeup, Frontini said."

it is a rare gene combo

but...?

nothing stops researchers from hunting down other, less rare combos that are the 'shared heritage' of humanity

my banging the bell is the increasing potential for abuses

it is reasonable to charge higher premiums of someone with self-damaging lifestyle choices... should we punish someone for random bits of bad gene combos? ...maybe

but the deeper, longer lasting concern is data breaches

with potential of illicitly acquired data being hoovered up by amoral entities who'd be abusive

future employers, an obvious example

furniture manufacturers and clothing retailers as other less obvious

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 22, 2024 05:05
1152:

...pizza delivery?

OMG! not pizza!

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 22, 2024 05:10
1153:

hmmmm...

because there's nothing glamourous in successful investigations leading to arrests of scammers... whereas drug busts offer opportunity for a photo op of cash stacked high next to weapons next to bricks of weed-coke-etc

...whereas failure of investigations is outright embarrassing

and given FOIA is available, journalists and/or opposition research will reveal those failures

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 22, 2024 05:21
1154:

one of those things saving the US -- till now -- from theocracy has been the multiplicity of choices for a "One True Faith"

or to be blunt, each faction of Christianity seeing itself as most worthy of being upon the top perch in the power hierarchy... their feuding 'n bickering has weakened attempts to unite into large enough numbers to toss over democracy and secularism and human rights...

now contrast that to a successful theocracy...

Shiʿi branch of Islam, which is the official state religion of Iran has grasped nearly all of the political-secular-moral-cultural power

they've been seeking to take on the economic power too... intent upon become oligarchs as well as clergy and politicians

 Greg Tingey | June 22, 2024 09:08
1155:

Moz
A differing take ... you said:
Straightforward it is not - actually, yes it is. The entire thing is fundamentally stupid & wrong, all-the-way-through.

Howard NYC
IIRC, that splintering & factionalism was what prompted the US Fist Amendment to their "constitution".
So that having ONE ( But presumably "christian" ) faction in charge was asking for trouble ... now, of course, with the increase in rationality = atheism, plus people of "other faiths", the christian idiots are losing sight of this & demanding their own insanities.
Which, it appears, would lead it full-circle back to ONE PARTICULAR sect being supposedly in charge.
Oh dear.

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from Moz | June 22, 2024 09:37
1156:

Supply Side Jesus. Never goes out of date, sadly.

 Howard NYC | June 22, 2024 13:13
1157:

I just ran across this... yup...

"Nobody knows what is real and what isn’t, and that’s the point. He doesn’t try to convince you of the truth, but rather that nothing is. He creates a thick cloud of cynicism and paranoia to choke anything that might become genuine opposition to Putin’s rule."

...and if you swap "Trump" for "Putin"... yeah

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Moz | June 22, 2024 13:44
1158:

Nah, slavery is still perfectly fine, it's just dependent on a court to impose it rather than being the "natural state"

Then the commandment needs to be "thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's convict labourer"…

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Moz | June 22, 2024 14:04
1159:

There's people involved, nothing is straightforward or simple.

We can start with the old book

No, that's not where it starts.

The commandments were a collation of the high points of a whole bunch of laws (per Orthodox Jewish doctrine there are 617 in total) drawn from an oral tradition descended from a polytheistic religion (Yahweh was king of the gods and thunderbolt-thrower-in-chief, a semitic counterpart of Zeus).

A lot later the laws got written down and transmogrified during a mass migration process and at least one language shift -- by the time the earliest written copies of clearly rabbinic descent get to us the patriarchal monotheists had buried the other gods and goddesses (but not completely: hints at Yahweh's wife Asherah, queen of the gods, remain buried in the text) and switched to Aramaic as the written language.

The Christian bits (originally a bunch of heretical Jewish variants of Pharisaic origin) got translated into Greek, then Latin, and the bit the Screaming Jesus People cleave to is a fourth or fifth generation translation into 17th century English (which is not semantically identical to modern English) then bodged around by other sects and cults.

Some of the English translation bits are highly dubious, too. For example: "thou shalt not covet thy neighbours ox, nor his ass, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant ..." is basically wall-to-wall euphemism. It almost certainly started out as "don't get grabby about your neighbour's chattels", bearing in mind that "chattel" has the same semantic root as "cattle" -- the manservant and maidservant are slaves, livestock-that-talks.

And the first commandment ("I am the lord thy god, and thou shalt have no other gods before me") -- that is a dead giveaway that this is a patriarchal cult asserting primacy and dominance over a previously polytheistic polity.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 22, 2024 14:15
1160:

because there's nothing glamourous in successful investigations leading to arrests of scammers... whereas drug busts

It's not glamour, it's ease of raising your performance metrics.

Most drug busts are of users or low-level dealers: the latters tend to be only marginally competent and, faced with a long sentence, can be induced to give away their supplier. That, or they observe poor COMSEC and once in possession of an unlocked phone -- even a burner -- and a subpoena for the phone company, the cops can roll up the chain (at least until they run into a semi-clueful wholesaler). Who can then be offered a plea deal in return for their entire address book of customers. Etc.

Scammers ... there's usually no chain to roll up, so at best, you get one scammer. If they're smart, they're running the op through an offshore call-centre, which makes getting your hands on them a job for INTERPOL and the FBI or equivalent, which is heavy lifting (the FBI are generally more interested in terrorists and serial killers). There's no industrial supply chain for scams, so it's an endless chore -- you can't hope to eventually nail El Chapo or Al Capone. Finally, the most effective scams are high value creative one-offs, such as arbitrage hacks that boost the value of some commodity in a manner that doesn't fall foul of SEC intervention.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 22, 2024 14:44
1161:

Shiʿi branch of Islam, which is the official state religion of Iran has grasped nearly all of the political-secular-moral-cultural power

Explain, then, the recent election turnout of around 30% of the voters (as low as 10% in Tehran).

The theocracy has basically screwed the pooch. Too visibly corrupt after 45 years in power, plus the resentment born of brutal repression, and a country that is increasingly educated and developed and undergoing a democraphic transition. They're propped up right now by a plethora of external threats -- the USA, Saudi Arabia, maybe Russia (who they play footsie with because of the US/Russia antipathy but don't trust). But should the threats recede for a while ...

(I don't rate the Islamic Republic's chances of staying Islamic for more than another 1-2 decades terribly highly. Sooner or later something will destabilize them.)

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 14:48
1162:

Any many people don't get that what you wrote is overly simplified. Especially the bit over the last 1500 years or so. The translations a few hundred years ago into English and German were done a few separate times and sparked minor wars then major ones over the concept of a translation. Along with a few disputes over money, slaves, and territory in and outside of Europe.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 14:57
1163:

calling 'em "glamourous" or "KPIs" those are what goes into end-of-year reporting by districts (USA = precincts; divisions; divisions)...

sent up the food chain to Police Commissioner (or eqv title)

and then are copied 'n pasted into press releases

"glamourous" is whatever is possible

but yeah... police are as modernized as their tech, which is to say, reluctantly dragged up to 1990s...

if it weren't for vendor eager to make sales the New York City police (NYPD) would still be relying upon three channel analog radios circa 1970s... after 9/11 the fact that there was seventy-three (I kid you not) different radio models and none of first responders could talk to one another still took years to resolve...

I know for a fact my local precinct still has two manual typewriters in a side room (uhm vague handwaving) "just in case"

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 15:23
1164:

there's a unifying theme in a government, a mode of governance reliant upon a political philosophy... something as simple as goons busting heads... representative democracy; autocratic monarchy; constitutional monarchy;

Iran is running its version of theocracy, sub-category Islamic, and has bee trying to get ahold of all the strings... I never said they already held 'em all... their ideal is vision of a realm without much human comforts

until there's enough push from the bottom 99%, the ruling elite will go on kicking down doors, cracking heads, and cos-playing clergy-as-cops... and yeah howling about how the decedent West is on verge of either invading or imploding

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 16:18
1165:

"The theocracy has basically screwed the pooch. Too visibly corrupt after 45 years in power, plus the resentment born of brutal repression, and a country that is increasingly educated and developed and undergoing a democraphic transition."

Exactly this. I'd expect either the next Gandhi or the next brilliant guerilla theorist to come out of Iran in the next 10-15 years. Maybe both.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 16:21
1166:

And the first commandment ("I am the lord thy god, and thou shalt have no other gods before me") -- that is a dead giveaway that this is a patriarchal cult asserting primacy and dominance over a previously polytheistic polity.

That was a point in Pohl's alternate-history story "Waiting for the Olympians": the Jews were OK with the Emperor being divine as long as he wasn't placed before Yahweh, so the great Jewish revolts didn't happen and Christianity didn't become a thing.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 16:28
1167:

at best, you get one scammer

There was a murder recently in Toronto where the shooter did exactly that, got one scammer (plus accomplice) and then killed himself. Left a suicide note for his wife that he couldn't life knowing the scammer had stolen their life savings and was going to get away with it yet again. (The scammer had been running the same scam for years, and kept getting away with it as investigations were ended to charges withdrawn.)

Sharing two links because the second (and more in-depth) story may be paywalled.

https://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/toronto/toronto-shooting-alisa-pogorelovsky-alan-kats-1.7239676

https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/the-story-behind-this-weeks-triple-shooting-mortgage-fraud-two-decades-of-scheming-allegations-and/article_409cc3be-2f26-11ef-9b64-df89beeee3e4.html

 timrowledge | June 22, 2024 16:52
1168:

Worth also remembering that the first four or five “commandments “ are nothing but a DRM run on society.

It’s almost like some AI attempting to con everyone. Via a time machine.

 JohnS | June 22, 2024 17:14
1169:

FWIW, I wasn't trying to take down some international drug cartel, I was just trying to figure out how to forward a "smishing" text to postal inspectors.

Smishing: Package Tracking Text Scams

 Greg Tingey | June 22, 2024 17:18
1170:

Charlie @ 1159
Or, alternatively, that there are plenty of OTHER gods, but that YHWH is specifically for the "jews" & that they are not allowed to seek alternatives, even if they look nice(er) ... (?)
...
@ 1161: the theocracy has basically screwed the pooch - yes but THEY DON'T CARE ... they control all the guns & internal terror & the "Revolutionary Guard" still swallow all the shit, because it also gives them power.
It will only really start falling apart when those Praetorians decide that they might want a "New Emperor" (?) - again.
But, when it does break up it will be very bloodily messy.

Troutwaxer @ 1166
Err ... no. It will be much more like classical Rome, between the execution of Caligula & the ascencion to the Pincipiate of Vespasian - or maybe, "just" the year of the four Emperors. { Nero / Galba / Otho / Vitellus / Vespasian } .. yes I know there's five there ...

 meander112 replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 19:27
1171:

(I don't rate the Islamic Republic's chances of staying Islamic for more than another 1-2 decades terribly highly. Sooner or later something will destabilize them.)

If nothing else, I imagine that the climate emergency could do it.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 22, 2024 19:40
1172:

Would that be Moses as he likely was, or White Moses™ as portrayed by Charlton Heston in the film?

According to the story, Moses spent half his life passing for an Egyptian (and believing himself to be an Egyptian), so his portrayal in the animated film "Prince of Egypt" is much more on the money:

https://m.media-amazon.com/images/I/81I0wjYlRpL._AC_UF894,1000_QL80_.jpg

 David L replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 22, 2024 19:48
1173:

I'd expect either the next Gandhi or the next brilliant guerilla theorist to come out of Iran in the next 10-15 years. Maybe both.

The British were too nice to go totally vicious after Gandhi.

Look at the recent put down about women's clothing.

I suspect if there was an Iranian Gandhi or few the Rev Guards would have no problem putting bullets into foreheads in public. As often as they felt was needed.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 22, 2024 20:11
1174:

The British Empire was not remotely nice! (It ruled by the gun and the noose, and gave us such charming terms as "political officer" and "concentration camp".) But Ghandi was a lawyer, and he very carefully avoided giving the regime an excuse to imprison or execute him. Also, in the wake of the Jallianwala Bagh massacre the British government in the Raj didn't want to risk another mass uprising like the Indian Rebellion of 1857, which would be the likely outcome of cracking down on a non-violent movement.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 22, 2024 20:31
1175:

I know for a fact my local precinct still has two manual typewriters in a side room (uhm vague handwaving) "just in case"

Probably my Inner Prepper speaking here, but that doesn't seem totally unreasonable. Assuming they exercise and maintain them once a year, buy paper and ink ribbons. Can you still get ink ribbons these days?

 David L replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 22, 2024 20:38
1176:

There are government forms in the US which still have to be filled out by a typewriter. Makes for fun times when the need occurs without expectation.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 22, 2024 20:46
1177:

uhm... being cops...?

my guess is blue ink ribbons

{ rim shot }

just as there's RULE34 for sex stuff, there's RULE999 -- which I just fabricated -- which insists that for any hobbyist or collector or hard core fanboy there is a web site selling =stuff= specific to just about every obsession

 Howard NYC | June 22, 2024 20:58
1178:

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/21/middleeast/hajj-deaths-mecca-extreme-heat-intl-latam/index.html

QUOTE: an estimated crowd of 1.8 million Muslims contended with the high temperatures

QUOTE: death toll from this year’s Hajj pilgrimage has soared to almost 500... true toll could be more than double that

ANALYSIS: which is about 1 in 1800 (0.06%)... at an event scheduled years in advance... in a nation with billions of dollar-eqv in its treasury

this is bleakly typical of governmental responses to climate change... all the more so in a nation whose government is a monarchy but leaning towards theocracy...

now imagine how things play out far from cameras and wealthy tourists... oh wait... we don't have to... all those mega sporting events hosted by Saudi Arabia have been documented with hundreds of foreign laborers dying of heat 'n thirst

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 21:01
1179:

The British Empire was not remotely nice!

Agreed. I've read a bit of empire history. But I think the Iranians are more ruthless. They rule by divine mandate vs. just the ordinary "we're better than you because our skin is pale".

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 22, 2024 21:19
1180:

David L @ 1176:

There are government forms in the US which still have to be filled out by a typewriter. Makes for fun times when the need occurs without expectation.

When we first started getting computers in the National Guard, the Army still had a lot of those forms. We had a program just for filling out forms, and an IBM Selectric typewriter with a Centronics port. You could tell the program which type ball was installed on the typewriter so it could tab over correctly to fit text into the blocks on the form.

The program had a "mail merge" function so you could do things like update the SGLI elections for the whole unit all at once (printing new forms for service members to sign was an annual pre-mobilization requirement).

Unless something like Desert Storm or Iraqi Freedom/GWOT came along the likelihood of being mobilized was pretty low, but the paperwork had to be updated annually

... and then when mobilization finally DID come it all had to be updated again anyway.

SGLI = Service-member's Group Life Insurance

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 22, 2024 21:21
1181:

There are a couple of football stadia in my city. With capacity up to 65,000 fans, it is normal to expect 0.5 deaths and a couple of heart attacks at every major soccer match. And that's in just a 90 minute fixture (plus penalty time and time to get in/out of the grounds).

1.8 million people undertake the Hajj, which takes 6 days. Assuming a life expectancy of 80 years, and an average probability of death, you expect a roughly 1/5000 probability of any given pilgrim dying during that week. (Obviously the very elderly and very young are more vulnerable but they're also less likely to be on the Hajj at such ages.)

So I'd expect roughly 300-400 deaths during the Hajj in any year with that many pilgrims.

This year's death toll is higher than that, but you've got extreme weather combined with an ongoing COVID19 pandemic that causes a higher probability of cardiovascular accidents (stroke or heart attack) in the 3-6 months after infection.

TLDR: this is being blown out of proportion by the press.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 21:46
1182:

Um, point of order: yes Ghandi was a political genius, but he spent years in prison, off and on. Trying to turn unjust imprisonment against the government is a standard nonviolent tactic that he normalized (cf King’s Letter from a Birmingham Jail).

By the way, there’s a non-fiction history of the American Civil Rights movement called This Nonviolent Stuff’ll Get You Killed that you might find interesting. It’s available on Kindle.

 Bobh replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 22, 2024 22:16
1183:

1159 "nothing is straightforward or simple."

I can speak somewhat to the early Xn part. Long time ago (1970's) my wife was on the road to being a biblical scholar. Convoluted ain't the word. Jesus likely existed and got executed by the Romans for being an agitator. Like many Jews, he thought the end of the Roman dominated world was coming. There are stories incorporating his sayings, but nothing was written until 20/30 years after he died, and not by any eyewitness. Nobody KNOWS what he said or what really happened.

His body seems to have disappeared, but a few followers claimed to have seen him after he died. So, God MUST have raised him from the dead! What started as a reform sect akin to the pharisees gradually separated from mainstream Judaism. Their take: Jesus got executed instead of leading an army, and who believes he rose from the dead? So where is he? Nuts.

The gospels, written about 10 years apart become more into Jesus being godlike until he became god, and more hostile to mainline Jews, who eventually got labelled God killers. (A scholar named Bart Ehrman covers this pretty well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yte-ad6Y31s. )

Meanwhile Jewish antiRoman sentiment peaked and the first of several revolts broke out. It was initially successful, but the Romans eventually flattened Jerusalem and the Second Temple. Meanwhile what became Christianity began attracting Romans. Some scholars think Roman religion was playing out. Someone like Marcus Aurelius de-mythologized the world of gods into something like Fate. Ritual was necessary to keep the world moving, but wasn't very satisfying emotionally. OTOH, a personal god, and being saved from death looks pretty attractive... eventually even to an emperor.

But what's striking is how much disagreement, turmoil, name-calling and willing ness to murder happened all along the way. A scholar named Elaine Pagels covers this https://www.newyorker.com/magazine/1995/04/03/the-devil-problem First Jews, then pagans then heretics are labelled by Christian as minions of the devil. Eg. to us, the dispute over the exact relation between Jesus and God the Father looks like arguing over the number of angels who can dance on the head of a pin. (The final definition is the Nicene Creed.) But the losers of the argument must be suppressed. Moz; If you follow Pagels, much of her work is about not just multiple 10 Commandments, but multiple GOSPELS, that have different ideas about the nature of Jesus.) These got suppressed in the fight over "Orthodoxy". Present day Evangelicals' "spiritual warfare", and disagreers as minions of the devil is pretty much par for the course.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 22, 2024 22:54
1184:

Yes, of course he did: point is, he never did anything that would give them an excuse to hang him or bang him up for the rest of his life.

 Eric replied to this comment from Bobh | June 22, 2024 23:08
1185:

Pagels teaches or used to teach where I went to college, and I often regret I didn't take an opportunity to catch a talk of hers at some point (or when she gave one a few years later around where I am now!). Then again, I'm more interested in the history of religion now than I was then... :)

 Greg Tingey | June 22, 2024 23:26
1186:
it is normal to expect 0.5 deaths and a couple of heart attacks at every major soccer match* ... and that's WITHOUT the obligatory moronic violent fascism of the so called fans, oops.
How did you guess, I don't like football - players or spectators or ANY OF IT?
 JohnS replied to this comment from Bobh | June 22, 2024 23:40
1187:

Bobh @ 1183:

"1159 "nothing is straightforward or simple.""

I can speak somewhat to the early Xn part. Long time ago (1970's) my wife was on the road to being a biblical scholar. Convoluted ain't the word. Jesus likely existed and got executed by the Romans for being an agitator. Like many Jews, he thought the end of the Roman dominated world was coming. There are stories incorporating his sayings, but nothing was written until 20/30 years after he died, and not by any eyewitness. Nobody KNOWS what he said or what really happened.

The gospels, written about 10 years apart become more into Jesus being godlike until he became god, and more hostile to mainline Jews, who eventually got labelled God killers. (A scholar named Bart Ehrman covers this pretty well https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yte-ad6Y31s. )

Paul appears to have started writing his epistles to the various christian communities in Asia Minor, Greece & Rome starting about 20 years after the execution of Jesus.

The canonical gospels appear to have been written between 30 and 70 years after his execution - written down just about the time the generation who had actually known Jesus or listened to his teaching would have been dying out ... including Paul who was a later convert and hadn't actually ever known Jesus*.

So Paul's epistles appear to predate the canonical gospels.

The New Testament appears to have been assembled in its current form in approximately 390 CE (late 4th Century). Those "early" writings underwent A LOT of revisions in the 300+ years between.

* Best guess is Jesus would have been about 10 years old when Paul was born in Tarsus. His Jewish name was Saul, but as a Roman citizen "Saul" also had a Roman Name - Paul. Saul/Paul would have been about 25 when Jesus was executed.

 Moz | June 23, 2024 00:48
1188:

https://fosstodon.org/@antifaintl@kolektiva.social/112662066528560170

"Antifa is using fake wasp nests to hide cameras. KNOCK THEM DOWN!"

It's such a genius meme.

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 23, 2024 00:57
1189:

a country that is increasingly educated and developed and undergoing a democraphic transition

I have an Irani friend in Australia who is funding a primary school for girls in the area her family comes from. For various reasons a few dollars Australian goes a very long way in rural Iran. She says there's a loose network of similar things right across Iran, and the religious people find it increasingly difficult to "fix" girls who've been educated even to the age at which the Tailban* require them to stop learning (~8 years old). But Iran officially has healthcare for women, which requires women be educated to provide it... ooops.

The bit that made me happy was her decision that it was too difficult to actually visit Iran this year, so she refunded her tickets and sent the money instead. Even for an Iranian, getting into Iran is very difficult at the moment. Getting back out she's not sure of but seemed to think it would be possible {urk}.

The Iranian expat community is not the only source of problems, or even the major one, but it's definitely one of them.

(* using the Taliban purely because they're explicit about not educating girls past 8 years old, not because they have any direct control over schools in Iran. Although note that when the USA was valiantly running away in Afghanistan the first targets for Taliban bombs were schools, for girls, especially non-Pashtun girls (Talibs are mostly Pashtun))

 Moz replied to this comment from meander112 | June 23, 2024 01:09
1190:

If nothing else, I imagine that the climate emergency could do it.

They're already "negotiating" with Afghanistan using more than just strong language:

https://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/iransource/iran-afghanistan-taliban-water-helmand/

The same is true for two countries north of Afghanistan (Tajikistan and Uzbekistan) that grow a lot of cotton using water from the Amu Darya River. A huge chunk of their exports come from this cotton. The Taliban are busy building a canal to divert that river to their own irrigable area nearby.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Moz | June 23, 2024 01:19
1191:

Yup, did some research yesterday. How people have managed to screw up something as simple as "Be nice to people, keep your religion to yourself and live a good life" is both scary and sad. I mean how hard is that to understand?

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from David L | June 23, 2024 01:24
1192:

Agreed. I've read a bit of empire history. But I think the Iranians are more ruthless. They rule by divine mandate vs. just the ordinary "we're better than you because our skin is pale".

they also came to power via a revolution, such people are seldom tender-minded towards anything they see as counter-revolution

 Moz replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 23, 2024 01:52
1193:

One consequence of being like that is not standing out in the crowd. But agressively evangelical religions get noticed and the successful ones spread like herpes. So it's kind of obvious that we have several large, competing infectious religions and the polite ones tend to stay small if they survive.

It's like the comments above about archist nation-states not being a thing, because they can't meet the criteria for being a nation while being anarchist. Similarly small, polite nations tend to get cobbled up by aggressively territorial countries and they are also the most noticeable ones. How much attention do we pay to what's happing in Uruguay compared to even unsuccessfully-colonial states like France or Belgium?

You can even combine the two and ask how it is that Dreaming cultures didn't spread across the whole planet but capitalist ones metastised like fucking cancer?

 Moz replied to this comment from Bobh | June 23, 2024 02:02
1194:

Moz; If you follow Pagels, much of her work is about not just multiple 10 Commandments, but multiple GOSPELS

Thanks, I'm reading a bit now. But I admit my interest is mostly trying to sound vaguely educated when I take the piss rather than serious interest. It's bad enough dealing with local socialist activists in the four hundred and eighteen current variations without starting to even try to understand what "the Jews" think (I demand that there be a single authoratative Jewish opinion on every conceivable topic), let alone the whole twisted, incestuous, polyinfidelitious mess that is "abrahamic religions of the world".

I'm not sure which Christian gospels are even current, let alone the degree to which they've been updated to reflect modern morality, or at least the version of modern that was current when they were first mass produced and thus sort-of-fixed. Is the lesbian love poetry still in, for example? And how many tries did it take for God to make a woman that it liked (are we even allowed to ask these days?) Shit, which pronouns does each of the one true god even use?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 23, 2024 06:06
1195:

"two Jews, three opinions" is less a joke, more a way of life

there's the so-called "Temple Movement" seeking to establish for Jews a Pope-eqv residing within a Vatican-eqv... think of it as Roman Catholic with Jewish characteristics (h/t Chinese Communist Party's version of capitalism)

for some reason the leadership elite of all those subdivisions of the Jewish faith in set == { factions, sects, personality cults, splinters, diverse congregations } scattered across the world are refusing to sign up and surrender power to somebody else

[[[ eyeroll ]]]

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 23, 2024 06:07
1196:

God’s pronouns: They/Them, obviously.

Anyway, Jesus is pan-agape, non-Eros. Compassion for all, no evidence he shagged any.

God the Father…seems to be asexual, from what I remember. Creating is more like what He gets off on, rather than Begetting.

The Holy Spirit knocked up Mary, so maybe He? They? Interesting that we don’t incorporate Father into his title. Holy Ghosted Farher? That doesn’t seem right.

Anyway, with God begetting God on a human, I start wondering why Christianity isn’t pantheistic. Silly thing to think about, I know. Oh well. I’m silly.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 23, 2024 06:22
1197:

what caught my eye was the temperatures mentioned... if there's one place with resources (and dire need) to tap into accurate weather projection it is Saudi Arabia during hajj

not to be overlooked, they'd be skin tight and unblinking in security protocols... so it would be trivial to install realtime localized monitoring of temperature of a finite patch of land to catch moments when things go from stressful to dangerous... in advance of deathly...

this death toll could be reduced with better planning

and to my eye this is going to be typical of governments from now till 2250 (which is when the climate cools to 1950s levels)

here in NYC this past week was a roaster more typically expected in mid-July... what this year's August will bring is gonna be brain melting... and overall preparation seems to be muted verging upon tardy (or leastwise unreported) with minor tweaks such as directories of "cooling centers" which are mostly lists of libraries and sit down coffee shops... good during day but little help for brutal overnights

right now it is 75F... which is feeling shivery chill compared to the 'wet bulb' 102F in the afternoon when my neighborhood cooked

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 23, 2024 07:43
1198:

»Assuming a life expectancy of 80 years, and an average probability of death, you expect a roughly 1/5000 probability of any given pilgrim dying during that week.«

From the people I know who have undertaken the trip, it is something you start to contemplate when you are 40 years old, and typically undertake in your fifties or sixties.

If you go younger, you go to accompany an older and infirm relative.

Dying during hajj is a thing that happens so much that testaments are written and serious goodbyes are made before the trip.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 23, 2024 07:52
1199:

»I think the Republicans are going to lose badly this year,«

I'm starting to get that vibe as well, but I think it will play out mostly as low turnout, because they are absolutely not going to vote for a woman just one cardiac arrest away from the presidency either.

Provided things do not explode into too much violence, I expect we are witnessing one of the rare USA-party-replacement-cycles, where a lot of R's give up on that party, move to D, making it too reactionary for the other flank, which decamps into a new and more progressive party, which in a matter of a decade returns USA to the usual dysfunctional two-party-on-a-knife-edge system of governance.

 Greg Tingey | June 23, 2024 08:52
1200:

H @ 1196 But ... RC christianity IS "pantheistic" the practice of what the protestants call "Mariolatry" is widespread, to say the least & the veneration of saints & all their statues & ...

P H-K
Maybe, we hope: Women are simply NOT going to vote for the misogynistic present policies of the"R's"
May undecideds will "regretfully" vote "D"
Many traditional "R" voters will abstain?
Perhaps - unlike here, you have 4 months to go, whereas we now have 11 days.
And, even here, there is a lot of uncertainty - a lot of us are hoping that the Lem-0-Crats become the "Loyal Opposition" - but that depends upon a lot of tactical voting taking place.
What's really depressing is the number who are simply not going to vote at all, or have swallowed the (mostly tory ) lie that: "They're all the same, can't be bothered"

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 23, 2024 09:44
1201:

It just occurred to me that obviously the one God uses the royal plurals: we, our, us.

And The Republicans will hopefully lose like the consummate professionals they are, never leaving the result in doubt but fighting to the last dollar before surrendering to the inevitable. Unlike the cheap rabble in the UK who have apparently developed a taste for rat. And not the finest rat onna stick that we're used to, instead they prefer the other famous proverb... eat the rich. What's the proverb about the most vicious fights being over the least valuable prizes? Congratulations on becoming leader of the party that came third in the election?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 23, 2024 10:08
1202:

in many ways you are an optimist

too many judges in too many jurisdictions will slow walk their decisions in the inevitable post-election challenges

no need to be overtly bias, just keep making things happen sllllllowly as is being done by SCOTUS and that Florida judge who has been auditioning to get onto the short list for next SCOTUS nominee

and then there's worrisome uncertainty of how safe you are as a member of a jury... would you serve if it there's doxxing done effectively and for years upon years...

but there too is reason for optimism... so far so good... no jurors from T(he)Rump's various trials have been murdered

...none yet

4Q_GQP
 Greg Tingey | June 23, 2024 13:34
1203:

Howard NYC
When is DJT's actual sentencing for the recently-finished trial?
IIRC it was supposed to be 11th July?
At that point, I do think things might become "interesting"

 Paul replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 23, 2024 13:53
1204:

Charlie @ 1174: But Ghandi was a lawyer, and he very carefully avoided giving the regime an excuse to imprison or execute him.

Which I think is part of the point. The British Empire believed, really believed in the Rule of Law. They thought they were Lawful Good, bringin civilisation and Christianity to the benighted heathens. In reality of course they were more Lawful Neutral, tending to Evil in places. But always Lawful. If something was to be done about Ghandi it was going to be according to the law. A midnight death squad just wasn't in their DNA.

(which begs the question, why so different in Ireland, where AIUI midnight death squads were always part of the MO? But that's a different thread)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 23, 2024 14:04
1205:

God’s pronouns: They/Them, obviously.

Anyway, Jesus is pan-agape, non-Eros. Compassion for all, no evidence he shagged any.

God the Father…seems to be asexual, from what I remember. Creating is more like what He gets off on, rather than Begetting.

The Holy Spirit knocked up Mary, so maybe He? They? Interesting that we don’t incorporate Father into his title. Holy Ghosted Farher? That doesn’t seem right.

Anyway, with God begetting God on a human, I start wondering why Christianity isn’t pantheistic. Silly thing to think about, I know. Oh well. I’m silly.

 Howard NYC | June 23, 2024 14:26
1206:

FYI

free; from "Global Food Security"

https://tinyurl.com/3379hajw

ABSTRACT: "In this article, we review the risk of climate-related impacts along the land-based livestock food supply chain. Although a quantification of the net impacts of climate change on the livestock sector is beyond the reach of our current understanding, there is strong evidence that there will be impacts throughout the supply chain, from farm production to processing operations, storage, transport, retailing and human consumption."

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 23, 2024 14:30
1207:

heh...

Our Fearless Leader need only complain of chest pains to get a day or two postponement... and bribe a doctor to claim he needs more bedrest... say... till 01NOV2024

of course, if Trump goes to RepCon whilst supposedly on bedrest, he'd be open to contempt charges... but that's a shrug off... penalties for disrespecting judges/courts/laws are for the little people

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 23, 2024 14:36
1208:

Not sure how 1205 got sent twice. Bizarre.

Anyway, to answer your and Greg's points, pantheism is more Stranger in a Strange Land. "Thou are God." "I know, what isn't?"

AIUI, the Trinity is a weird half-compromise with that. It's three examples of general cases of what humans worship: Jehovah kind of cognate with both Jupiter and Zeus as a (symbolic) deity, whose correct worship is more important to belonging to a group than belief. Jesus is the righteous human teacher worshiped by his followers (see also Buddha). And the Holy Ghost is the Spirit That Moves All Things in New Age usage, but basically He(?) is that spark of the divine in everything that causes miracles and other strange things. Or Buddha Nature. Or the Tao, kind of.

A pantheist might say, basically "Yup, those are all examples of the divine at work in the world," and structure their spiritual practice around that. But in Christianity, only the class examples are considered divine, and nothing else in the classes is. Probably a theologian can tell me what's unchristian about what I just wrote, but that's my understanding of it at the moment.

I'll end with another silly thought. Given where science has gone in the last 50 years, with dissipative structures and the like, one of the big problems with thoughtlessly worshiping a creator is that you end up worshiping entropy as God. Now I joke about worshiping Eris/Discordia sometimes, but when I see the Gospel of Prosperity in action, or ConsumerJayzus, or the other currently popular manifestations of Churchianity, it's really kind of unsettling how they're proselytizing and promoting entropy maximization without knowing it. And if you get this weird idea, you can join me in being silly.

 David L replied to this comment from Paul | June 23, 2024 14:37
1209:

(which begs the question, why so different in Ireland, where AIUI midnight death squads were always part of the MO? But that's a different thread)

There is the issue that most governments have "rouge" elements. Many times approved in secret or with a wink and a nod. Plausible deniability and all that.

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 23, 2024 14:47
1210:

I'm starting to get that vibe as well, but I think it will play out mostly as low turnout, because they are absolutely not going to vote for a woman just one cardiac arrest away from the presidency either.

I seem to recall you're an overseas observer. I'm in the US. In a maybe toss up state.

I don't see it playing out that way. At all. But I'd sure like you to be correct. I just see way more other situations as more likely. But none with a confidence anywhere near 50%.

Gaza has blown up Biden's easiest path. There are large number of what were very likely to be Biden voters in toss up states like Michigan who now say they are just not going to vote. Michigan has the largest number of immigrants (legal with citizenship) from that area plus having relatives there. Similar things are true in other states. And younger folks seem to be peeling off of voting due to this also. And younger leans Biden without this issue.

And there are more situations. People blame Biden for the inflation started by Trump. Smart so much they are not but they vote.

Anyway, for the first time in decades, I plan to watch the debate in a few days. I hope Trump makes a fool of himself. Not an ass because that will energize his base. But a fool would be good. And that Biden doesn't blow it. Has it made the overseas news that the MAGA folks and news opinion shows rant on about how Biden's performance at the State of the Union must have been due to him being on cocaine or similar? He just couldn't be a rational person without such drugs. Right?

Big sigh.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Bobh | June 23, 2024 15:12
1211:

I can speak somewhat to the early Xn part. Long time ago (1970's) my wife was on the road to being a biblical scholar. Convoluted ain't the word.

I'm glad you brought this up.

I've seen interviews with Elaine Pagels, and I'm glad she's speaking out, for all the good it's doing.

One thing I'd add is that we know as much about Jesus as we do about Zoroaster, Lao Tzu, Buddha, Abraham, and Moses, among others. It's a pattern, but an important one.

It's said that humans learn through stories, and more generally through art. So if you want something remembered, embed it in a memorable story or something similar. I suspect that's what we're seeing at play here: if you want something remembered, embed it in a good story. The strict truth might actually get in the way of the initial learning.

This, of course, causes problems. One huge one is that people are better at creating stories than they are at understanding complex subjects, so over time the proliferation of misunderstandings and bullshit tends to drown out any useful message.

One current example is the Louisiana attention grab with the Ten Commandments thing. As others have pointed out, if they'd really wanted to be Christian, they'd be publishing the Golden Rule and the Beatitudes, not eleven of Moses' Ten Commandments. But most Christians can't recite all nine of the Beatitudes, and probably a bunch who label themselves as Christian would think they were weird and Unchristian if they actually read them carefully. The bullshit has drowned out the teaching they're notionally pushing.

Another problem is embodied in the "Don't create the torment nexus" meme. And for SFF, this is a really important point: stories really help people learn and remember things. So if you want to propagate the Torment Nexus, one of the best ways to do so is to write a story about it. The concept will stick better than the subtleties of the story will.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 23, 2024 16:12
1212:

I don't see it playing out that way. At all. But I'd sure like you to be correct. I just see way more other situations as more likely. But none with a confidence anywhere near 50%.

I agree with the uncertainty, but not with the model.

My current take is that re-electing Trump is the biggest shot anyone’s had in decades at taking down the US without provoking a nuclear war. So basically everybody who would benefit from the Us going down is trying to get Trump re-elected. As a result, I suspect we’re in the middle of the biggest propaganda battle the planet has so far seen.

It’s not easy, with your head being the battleground. But don’t assume that you, or anyone, has an unbiased view of objective reality. I don’t think any of us do really.

I agree with Poul, that the vibe I’m getting is that Biden will win. Thing is, I’m not in a battleground state and my media consumption breaks pro-Biden. They want my money and my vote. Were I in a battleground state, I’m quite sure I’d be getting different messages.

So I don’t think you, or Poul, or I, are wrong in our descriptions of our perceptions, but I think that our perceptions are all being influenced in the hope of creating a new world order or continuing the existing one.

 Retiring | June 23, 2024 16:32
1213:

How people have managed to screw up something as simple as "Be nice to people, keep your religion to yourself and live a good life" is both scary and sad.

If you think about it a bit, it's pretty clear this is unworkable, as a policy. Be nice to people? What if they're not nice to you? People hate perceived unfairness. So add a clause, “And take steps to ensure they are nice to you.” And just to make it clear, add the phrase, “By force, if necessary.”

And what do we do about religions that require one not to keep it to oneself? Require missionary activity or proselytization? OK, add another clause, just to be clear: “Evangelism or proselytization will not be allowed.” And, of course, “By force, if necessary.” And, can I raise my kids “in the faith”?

Live a good life? OK, give me 50 million dollars and I think I can manage that. No? Well, the heck with you, then. You're obviously not being nice to me, keeping me from living the good life. You hypocrite!

 Bobh replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 23, 2024 16:42
1214:

@1211. "The bullshit has drowned out the teaching..." Yeah and what's really depressing is how fast it happened. The "search for the historical Jesus" was premised on the ecumenical notion that there was some simple, pure version of truth to discover, and would reunite Christianity.

Pagels is a popularizer of the "Gnostic" writings that got disappeared in the fighting over orthodoxy. They reappeared in the 1940s in a find similar to the Dead Sea Scrolls discovery. They show an even more disparate early Christianity than we knew. Overall, Jesus has a new age-y self-actualizing look with sekrit teachings for "real" initiates. Nothing much about Golden Rules. That was for ordinary followers. Hard to know what to make of it all.

Again what's striking is how much vitriol there was, and how much the book of Revelation is the prototype for the torment nexus. Wrong thoughts got you burned at the stake, and wrong thoughts got you dumped into the lake of fire at the end of the world.

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 23, 2024 18:19
1215:

So I don’t think you, or Poul, or I, are wrong in our descriptions of our perceptions,

You in Southern Cal, me in North Carolina, and Poul in Scandinavia (I think) certainly impacts our daily perceptions.

I'm in the state that voted for the Obama the first time with the closest margin in the country. And he lost here the second time with the smallest or nearly so. And in the 2016 and 2020 elections voted for Trump and elected a D governor. And have a locked in R legislature (thanks D's in 2010) who keeps putting stupid state constitutional amendments on the ballot to help get out their vote. (Non issues legally that rile up the base. We now have a constitutional right to hunt and fish.)

Anyway, NC should be in play. But RFK Jr is trying to get on the ballot. And both Rs and Ds are very uncertain how that will shake out. Plus we have a D's wet dream running for R for governor. His recorded comments are the gift that keeps on giving. To the other side. And his to some degree. But Trump likes him so no rational R ran in the primary.

A while back on a lark I started keeping campaign flyers to get an idea of just how much are sent out. In 2016 they covered an area of about 3m X 4m on my big room floor. Not as big in 2020. Curious to see how many show up between now and November.

And the biggest wild card are all the college grads sticking around and 20 and 30 somethings moving here. (People keep staying and moving here to consternation of the old farts.) And the vast majority registering independent or not at all.

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 23, 2024 18:33
1216:

Dying during hajj is a thing that happens so much that testaments are written and serious goodbyes are made before the trip.

Charlie has a point. But this is a different year. Due to the calendar used it is hotter than normal. And locally it is hotter than normal for this time of year. It has gotten to 125F (52.5C). So deaths from heat are up. But in general when a million or so people show up somewhere, some will die.

The local Saudi's running things are telling the visitors they do NOT have to walk around in the heat to be valid. Not all agree and do it anyway.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 23, 2024 19:55
1217:

administering the hajj is a short term event in a geographically finite range... this is not the same as attempting to cover an entire city over a longer period such as a year

they have sensors deployed

there was weather predictions

an understanding of stress of pilgrimage upon fifty-something men is also known

bluntly: the decision was made not to have enough drinking water pre-positioned... never mind paramedics and cooling mist stations

consider DisneyWorld and airports and mega-malls... places where there's miles 'n miles to walk along with family stress... every major location in that set has a paramedic on site... major airports during the brutal peak travel days around Christmas, Thanksgiving, Easter, etc will have multiple ambulances outside... the Mall of America gets over a 100,000 visitors daily... not a stuttering finger... there's a fully outfitted aid station and several paramedics

just what's there out of sight at DisneyWorld is not widely publicized but "the happiest place on earth" would be a miserable place if someone died due to the heat...

 Paul | June 23, 2024 21:21
1218:

ISTR someone made a game of Medieval Hajj along the lines of Oregon Trail, and with a similar mortality rate.

 Paul | June 23, 2024 21:23
1219:

Ahh, here it is.

https://hajjtrail.com/game

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 23, 2024 21:30
1220:

David L @ 1216:

"Dying during hajj is a thing that happens so much that testaments are written and serious goodbyes are made before the trip."

Charlie has a point. But this is a different year. Due to the calendar used it is hotter than normal. And locally it is hotter than normal for this time of year. It has gotten to 125F (52.5C). So deaths from heat are up. But in general when a million or so people show up somewhere, some will die.

The local Saudi's running things are telling the visitors they do NOT have to walk around in the heat to be valid. Not all agree and do it anyway.

Seems like THIS YEAR there is a greater percentage of the casualties coming from the excessive heat; like the Saudis had done a bunch of stuff to make the Hajj safer for pilgrims & expected fewer casualties this time around, but the weather thwarted their effort ...

 JohnS | June 23, 2024 21:49
1221:

On the subject of heat ...

That "heat wave" that's over the U.S. east coast finally hit here* today.

I've got a thermometer out on my back deck, mounted on a north wall were it always stays in the shade so it's showing the ambient air temperature.

It's been showing 90°F (32.22°C) all of last week (around this time of day), but it was still pleasant outside - I think because the humidity was fairly low (~40%) ... but for some reason it feels a lot more oppressive outside today.

I'm about 10 miles NE of where I used to live in downtown Raleigh, with a fairly well shaded back yard. Local weather reports say it's about 93°F with 44% humidity, so I don't know why it feels so much hotter out there today?

* I've experienced a lot worse, so it's kind of relative. Not complaining, just noting I've been reading about the "heat wave" for the last week or so, but not feeling it around here.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from JohnS | June 23, 2024 22:05
1222:

Speaking of heat waves, there's one hitting the UK from tomorrow.

Here in Edinburgh it's forecast to hit 23℃, which may sound pleasant but it's really not (high humidity, buildings designed to trap heat, zero air conditioning, stone that warms up to that temperature and won't cool down for days, people who aren't used to it, etc). Basically it feels 5-10℃ hotter than it actually is.

In London it's expected to go over 32℃ which is a lot more serious—again, no air conditioning to speak of, the tube tunnels heat up and may well exceed 40℃ (and the trains aren't air conditioned either), and so on.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 23, 2024 23:05
1223:

the problem with weather reports being the instruments relied upon are in locations that are few and far between... lots of variations given local geology, geography, road paving, buildings, et al, comingling into unique micro-climes...

I'm in the East Village which is heavily paved and mildly built up... five 'n six floor apartment buildings

but... the instruments are located in Central Park which is wide open and green (being a "park") and 80 blocks (4 miles) uptown

adding to the joy is some streets have variations in what flavor of asphalt was applied as road surface... rooftops differ as to roofing materials... there are trees which shade sidewalks and some buildings but no two streets are the same... if I walked to the supermarket in mid-afternoon --- which no way will I do that stupid a thing in daylight --- temperatures will vary from low of 90F to high of 105F with spots spiking at 115F due to windows as mirrors and passive radiant heat rising off the roads due to sunlight from yesterday that soaked into it

and as bad as I got it, Phoenix and the rest of AZ are in net effect barbequing the residents... that's not mouthwatering scent of slow roasted pork but rather 'long pork' you'd be smelling

tornadoes...!

in Northeast US about as common as hen's teeth... but as heat soaks into the regional weather pattern there's going to be more of 'em each year... weather is a heat-driven engine and we've just popped the clutch to over-rev into fourth gear...

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 23, 2024 23:25
1224:

Here in Edinburgh it's forecast to hit 23℃

Weirdly in Sydney we've just been through an icy winter blast that saw parts of the city have actual frost on the ground (briefly) and it isn't forecast to get above 20°C until Wednesday. Luckily my house is well designed to shed heat and remain cool in almost any conditions, so while it's a balmy 14°C outside right now it's 12°C in my living room/office, and it'll stay that cool all day.

We actually have "Edinburgh style" stone buildings in a few places, build by early colonists who missed their home country and these days air conditioned to the extreme because otherwise everyone inside would die. It can be done but only by people who really, really need a great big stone edifice. It might be cheaper to build a small pyramid. At least a henge.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Moz | June 24, 2024 00:02
1225:

"You can even combine the two and ask how it is that Dreaming cultures didn't spread across the whole planet but capitalist ones metastised like fucking cancer?"

If we could answer that question maybe we could work out how to eradicate the cancer... I suspect there were a lot more Dreaming type cultures but, as you said, swallowed up by the people who felt the need to show everyone they knew the One Truth sigh

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 24, 2024 00:07
1226:

"Anyway, Jesus is pan-agape, non-Eros. Compassion for all, no evidence he shagged any."

I read something somewhere sometime which suggested that the wedding at Cana was his due to him being asked to deal with the lack of wine.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Retiring | June 24, 2024 00:18
1227:

Funnily enough our local Dreaming culture does not include the idea of anything like unfairness. To the extent that it was impossible for me to create a question that would allow our patients to say "Yes, our clinic considers our personal circumstances.", which to our way of thinking is a positive thing. No matter how I worded it the answer was always "They treat everyone the same"; they could not grasp the concept.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Paul | June 24, 2024 00:24
1228:

When you consider that the Haj was intended to be a once in a lifetime trip that could literally take years depending on where you started from -- which was the point I suspect. I think the whole flying thing has degraded the purpose of the Haj -- a Hajii was someone who was serious about and dedicated to their religion, not just someone who could afford the airfare. (I know there's more involved but I'm sure you get the point)

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 24, 2024 00:35
1229:

"You can even combine the two and ask how it is that Dreaming cultures didn't spread across the whole planet but capitalist ones metastised like fucking cancer?"...If we could answer that question maybe we could work out how to eradicate the cancer... I suspect there were a lot more Dreaming type cultures but, as you said, swallowed up by the people who felt the need to show everyone they knew the One Truth sigh.

I think you've got it backwards, but don't worry about it.

First, I'll give credit to the Aboriginals, in that "Dreaming" is a bunch of different practices, and it's all been termed "Dreaming" because that's what immigrant Aussies could get their heads around. Critical point here is that not all aborigines practiced precisely the same set of skills. Globally, there's documentation for Dreaming-type skills from every continent.

Second, people spontaneously reinvent Dreaming techniques like songlines. So-called eidetic memory, at least in some cases investigated, seems to be Dreaming techniques spontaneously reinvented, at least for those who aren't savants. Songlining in a nutshell is combining our spatial memories, our memories for songs, dances, stories and art, and our memories for objects, in order to remember information.

Third, Dreaming probably is the default for how humans retain information in the absence of writing. Given that it uses whole landscapes, it works best at low population density. Lynne Kelly made a good case that megaliths, like Stonehenge, are mnemonic devices that come into play as populations get denser, and people no longer can use long treks between sacred sites (e.g. good water wells and campsites) to remember things. So they set up permanent shrines, then temples, then architecture, and use rituals within the space to take the place of long treks. Writing doesn't become the default information storage device until the printing press means its hugely available and cheap.

So why did some societies stay at low densities and keep the Dreaming? My guess is that basically they lived in areas that couldn't support the high population densities that forced people into the endless compromises that we call civilization. Resource abundance can be a curse sometimes.

The good news, if you're into the Dreaming, is that we seem to be hell-bent on crashing civilization. If this happens, the survivors will have learned to rely on their memories and not computers or books. Sucks for a hyper-literate person like myself, but it might be what it might be.

As a side note, the Medieval European version of Dreaming seems to have ended up as the basis for Renaissance ceremonial magic. If you really want to get twee, you can prepare children for their post-crash survival by, perhaps, getting a copy of Lynne Kelly's (https://www.lynnekelly.com.au/ ) Memory Craft, learning some of the skills, then teaching those skills to kids under the guise of teaching them the secret family magic tradition. You can even use graded initiations to set up a curriculum for learning techniques, to assuage parental fears that you're corrupting their kittle lids. Dr. Kelly goes into medieval mnemonic devices, and if you ever played D&D, they might ring a few bells.

 Watson T. Firetruck replied to this comment from JohnS | June 24, 2024 00:39
1230:

I understand that the Saudi authorities were prepared for authorized Hajjis, who are regulated by strict quotas -- permits are expensive and difficult for people without connections to get in some countries, but the excess demand was met by unauthorized travel services that charged reduced fees but skimped on accommodations and safety. I have read that prosecutions will be forthcoming, for whatever that's worth.

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 24, 2024 00:55
1231:

My guess is that basically they lived in areas that couldn't support the high population densities

https://theconversation.com/the-first-australians-grew-to-a-population-of-millions-much-more-than-previous-estimates-142371 3M people, possibly as many as 6M. And some of their assumptions are based on assumptions about assumptions, not least because they couldn't get funding for a proper archaeological survey of the seabed around Australia to even count the middens :)

3M isn't a high density population, but then we go back to arguing about agriculture supporting locally high densities.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 24, 2024 01:30
1232:

High populations and resources: Let's compare modern countries. I like to compare Australia and Mexico, because they're in the same size range, the same latitude range, and neither was particularly tied to Eurasia until after 1492 (yes, I know the Australians weren't totally isolated. Go with it).

Anyway, currently, Mexico has a population of almost 129.9 million people, Australia has pushing 27.3 million people.

Since both places have a history of people domesticating plants and landscapes, and Australia was settled long before the Americas, I'd gently suggest that the difference isn't because Aborigines are stupid or primitive, it's because Australia has some of the poorest soils on the planet. Seriously, your soil scientists had to invent your own soil system because what you consider decent agricultural soil people in the US think of as unfarmable--although we're trying to turn our good soil into stuff you'd recognize, because we're that kind of stupid. Mexico , in contrast, is geologically young (Ca. 5-10 million years IIRC), geologically active, and has or had some really amazingly good weathered volcanic soils.

Anyway, the biggest pre-Contact Aboriginal settlement that I know of was on order of 500-1000 people, and I think it was inhabited seasonally for harvesting farmed eels? Meanwhile, Tenochtitlan, the Aztec capital, had a population in excess of 100,000, even though they were only starting to get into metallurgy thanks to contacts with the mad stone-cookers of South America who sailed balsa rafts up the coast to trade with them for centuries and teach them a few tricks. It's not really about technological superiority (both were technically stone age), it's about who could feed 100,000 people and who could feed 1,000, because of where they lived, not who they are.

So this isn't a criticism of Aborigines, just a comparison. Just as one tends to find really long-lived plants and animals in really marginal places (like the bristlecone pines in the White Mountains, or Greenland sharks in the Arctic deep water), I'm beginning to suspect that we find really sustainable societies in really marginal landscapes, like Australia or pre-Contact California. It's a good enough pattern that I think it's really worth thinking about as we look at our future, in SFF or otherwise. Civilization as we know it pretty much requires abundance, and the only way we're going to keep civilization around is to keep the abundance. Since we're running out of high grade natural resources for just about everything, we're either going to crash, or we're going to make abundant reuse of all the garbage we've generated. Hopefully we'll have enough energy remaining for the latter. And so it goes.

 Zeroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 24, 2024 01:55
1233:

too many judges in too many jurisdictions will slow walk their decisions in the inevitable post-election challenges

I'm not sure it's clear what happens when post-election events (counting, certification of electors, and so on) wind up being so bollixed up that no President has been elected. One horrific possibility is that the Speaker of the House ascends. The current one is as dedicated of a right-wing Christian as you can get. I don't know if he counts as a nationalist.

Just a little something to feed your nightmares as it gets close to bedtime on the US East Coast.

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 24, 2024 02:03
1234:

That makes sense. When the distance between live and die is small the survivors are necessarily the people who put a lot of effort into very carefully not fucking up. But when fucking up means going hungry for a bit, or a few people dying from a large population you can afford to fuck around and find out.

Right now the EU is bringing in carbon intensity rules for meat (Carbon Border Adjustment Mechanism - https://taxation-customs.ec.europa.eu/carbon-border-adjustment-mechanism_en ) and some farmers here are whining that it will limit their ability to keep bulldozing forests to plant cattle. Meanwhile other farmers are moaning about how there's feral camels everywhere and they're not allowed to shoot as many kangaroos as they'd like. Sadly I see no way to deal with any of these problems, let alone all of them at once.

Australia: you can punch us in the face all you like but there's no way to get certain ideas through the blood-brain barrier.

 JHomes replied to this comment from Moz | June 24, 2024 03:59
1235:

"they're not allowed to shoot as many kangaroos as they'd like."

While on the few occasions I've been able to try it, kangaroo meat is quite palatable. So if they tried raising them (ranching) instead of exterminating them, maybe they'd do better.

But your lands, like ours, are largely unsuitable for cattle, so cattle it will have to be.

JHomes

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | June 24, 2024 04:31
1236:

the Saudis had done a bunch of stuff to make the Hajj safer for pilgrims & expected fewer casualties this time around

I read somewhere that most of the deaths happened to unregistered pilgrims. Apparently each country gets a quota of licenses and the Saudis provision for that plus some extra, but this year a combination of more unregistered/unlicensed (I've seen both terms used) pilgrims and hotter weather overwhelmed the resources.

As well, licenses cost money, so poor people usually travel unofficially to save that money. But if you can't afford a license you probably can't afford a lot in the way of resources/equipment to deal with unexpected events.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | June 24, 2024 04:44
1237:

We've finally cooled off from daytime highs in the 30s and nighttime lows in the 20s with 95% humidity that was last week. I went out to for walks in the morning and even a slow walk left me dripping (I grew up somewhere where 20% humidity was normal).

I'm expecting a hot summer with normal highs in the upper 20s/lower 30s, the usual 70-98% humidity, but hopefully more reasonable lows overnight. My air conditioner works, but I prefer to avoid using it when I can (just as I walk rather than drive when I can).

 Moz replied to this comment from JHomes | June 24, 2024 04:59
1238:

Ranching kangaroos is hard because they're very mobile and they don't understand fences (except in that 'things to pass over' that seagulls also understand fences). I understand that herding them is also difficult.

OTOH a lot of industrial livestock farming is unbearably cruel so I'm kind of hoping we keep on with the "hop hop bang" version of farming them.

Optimistic me says we could use a similar approach to cultural fishing, since roos are way mroe visible than fish so it would be easier to monitor them (kangaroo counting is a course you can study!), and that might lead back into the way we "manage" fish stocks ("manage" the same way private equity manage companies they buy).

Roo is the main meat I eat because I can't eat most vegetable protein. It's available in the supermarket duopoly here. Unfortunately non-farmed pest meat isn't, and when I can find camel it's always been farmed. I'd happily eat pest camel if I could get it (ditto goat or any other herbivore).

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Dramlin | June 24, 2024 05:15
1239:

less about there being "One Truth" than there being the "One True Faith™"

that narrow path along which all shall walk, never stepping off, always following exactly in the same footsteps as prescribed by Those That Lead

not just all necessary answers being provided, any unapproved questions will not be tolerated

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Watson T. Firetruck | June 24, 2024 05:55
1240:

if you've ever done business in the Middle East or with with ethnically Muslim Arabs in the US, there's an eyepopping percentage allocated to greasing the wheels which is baked into project budgeting

also, so many of the laws put in place were as gatekeeping and blockading and entanglement that only an envelope of cash would quickly resolve...

back in late-1990s, a bid assembled to provide a dev team based on American soil for the Saudi government as part of their last minute replacements to handle Y2K...

I got to read much of the contract... including a remarkable clause precluding women from positions of authority and Jews absolutely forbidden as well a mandatory filter to prevent homosexuals-communists-atheists from being interviewed... this "moral purity" clause that was signed off upon to appease Powers That Be in government but nobody took seriously...

just to show how it was shrugged off... I'm Jewish... three of those most critical personnel were gay and female... about a dozen developers were gay and male...

plan was to assign network IDs without first names and communicate solely via e-mail... those few individuals who'd go over there for F2F train-the-trainers and meet 'n greets would be carefully selected and thoroughly briefed for surviving hostile conditions that had nothing to do with sand or war or water but were all about internal politics...

in this case of a major app build of something quite mundane (non-military) it was in chunks: code design + development + testing + instrumenting there was different methods utilized in paying bribes in each phase...

not least being top heavy with management slots for Saudi nationals to provide "moral supervision" and "quality control" and "proper thought"...

all being prestigious job titles with high salaries who were likely to be absentee not just remote office... total of various modes of bribes if I recall correctly was about 12% of budget... which those with prior experience with Saudi Arabia megaprojects was typical

the team assembled was assured of getting about 125% of the going rate as comp for the abuse and secrecy and compliance with nonsense...

the megacorp contractor we were working for is a name you'd recognize, involved in all sorts of international mega-projects... which lost the bid to a division of another megacorp due to them offering a bigger percentage of the budget towards bribes (we heard it was 17%) as well as reserving several furnished apartments for long term stays in New York City whenever seniormost decision makers flew into town for “extended consultations”...

apparently if the whoring and the boozing and the gambling were all done upon infidel soil, it did not violate "Sharia Laws”...

bizarro situation but at the time it seemed like a good idea given the higher hourly rate

 Greg Tingey | June 24, 2024 08:39
1241:

Charlioe @ 1222
Indeed - tomorrow, Tuesday, temps in London are expected to reach 29-30 °C
I will be going to the allotment as early as I can, then coming home & collapsing in a heap, with a cold drink!

H@ 1229
Writing doesn't become the default information storage device until the printing press means its hugely available and cheap. Um, err ... the Classical Greeks & Romans would like a word with you about that?

Howard NYC
H Beam Piper really hammered on that one with "Lord Kalvan of Otherwhen" & sequel(s)

 Damian replied to this comment from Moz | June 24, 2024 11:08
1242:

Ranching kangaroos is hard because they're very mobile and they don't understand fences (except in that 'things to pass over' that seagulls also understand fences). I understand that herding them is also difficult.

Fences must be 15-foot/5-metre minimum. They don't herd at all, but can be driven to a limited extent. Mostly they remain independently mobile, but traditional techniques relied on I guess we'd call stochastic behaviour. Modern versions involve motorbikes, like all modern herding or driving I guess.

There's a good one in The Biggest Estate on Earth, what you do is clear trees at the end of a clearing where the creek passes through and maybe perform some minor earthworks, so the only exit is through the funnel and it leads to a modest cliff jump. So then you station a couple of sturdy hands at the base of the cliff jump, and everyone else drives the mob into the funnel. I think harvesting is a better word than hunting, in the circumstance. And to be fair "hunting" is probably more a modern (slightly masturbatory) projection anyway.

 Bo Lindbergh | June 24, 2024 11:52
1243:

Modern versions involve motorbikes, like all modern herding or driving I guess.

Such an equatorial point of view. Hint: reindeer, snowmobiles.

 David L replied to this comment from JHomes | June 24, 2024 12:08
1244:

Farming kangaroos vs. cattle.

Cattle are majorly passive most of the time. Cattle that the "western" industrial countries use for meat have been bread to be docile and basically eat, pee, and poop until slauthered.

Kangaroos (which I've never been around) seem to be somewhat smarter (dog level?) and have no problem deciding a place is not for them and working hard to get away. Plus have complicated breeding habits. And able to leap tall buildings in a single bound. In addition to having less meat per grown adult.

The concept of planting and growing cattle seems apt.

 David L replied to this comment from Damian | June 24, 2024 12:17
1245:

Fences must be 15-foot/5-metre minimum.

In the US people with gardens surrounded by 8' (2.5m) get upset when the deer eat all of the veggies they've been growing for months. Especially the sweet corn.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 24, 2024 12:22
1246:

Here in Edinburgh it's forecast to hit 23℃

We've been getting down to that 1/3 to 1/2 of the nights for the last week or so plus predicted for the next few weeks. Just before sunrise.

My wife and I did some minor yard work yesterday (small tree limb trimming). Had to break it up into 2 45 minute sessions after 4pm so the sun wouldn't kill us. I still had to get my wife to STOP as her face got red both times. (93F/34C AND HUMID)

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 24, 2024 16:28
1247:

Charlie Stross @ 1222:

Speaking of heat waves, there's one hitting the UK from tomorrow.

Here in Edinburgh it's forecast to hit 23℃, which may sound pleasant but it's really not (high humidity, buildings designed to trap heat, zero air conditioning, stone that warms up to that temperature and won't cool down for days, people who aren't used to it, etc). Basically it feels 5-10℃ hotter than it actually is.

All depends on what you're used to - 23℃ is about 74°F which around here, even with a bit of high humidity, is a pleasant day. I keep the thermostat on my A/C set for 75°F.1

In London it's expected to go over 32℃ which is a lot more serious—again, no air conditioning to speak of, the tube tunnels heat up and may well exceed 40℃ (and the trains aren't air conditioned either), and so on.

THEY should probably do something about that, 'cause looks like things are only gonna' get worse ...

Just for the record, I wasn't complaining about the "heat wave". I just noticed how different the air felt yesterday; that it finally felt hot instead of warm. I think it's been pleasantly warm around here (~32℃ in fact 🙃).

I'm glad it's not worse and I feel for those suffering on Hajj right now or just trying to find a bit of relief in the city somewhere.

Dead Tesla traps toddler in boiling hot car as electric doors fail:

But I'm enjoying the weather around here ... for now.

1 My OLD house that didn't have central A/C, only a couple of window units, used to stay around 80°F (26.67°C) inside during the summer.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 24, 2024 17:31
1248:

Howard NYC @ 1223:

the problem with weather reports being the instruments relied upon are in locations that are few and far between... lots of variations given local geology, geography, road paving, buildings, et al, comingling into unique micro-climes...

I'm in the East Village which is heavily paved and mildly built up... five 'n six floor apartment buildings

but... the instruments are located in Central Park which is wide open and green (being a "park") and 80 blocks (4 miles) uptown

Weather Underground shows an automatic reporting station at the intersection of E 7th & Avenue B (SE corner of Tompkins Square Park) ...

EAST VILLAGE STATION

I think it might be positioned on top of the building SW corner of the intersection; up there with the cell phone repeaters.

adding to the joy is some streets have variations in what flavor of asphalt was applied as road surface... rooftops differ as to roofing materials... there are trees which shade sidewalks and some buildings but no two streets are the same... if I walked to the supermarket in mid-afternoon --- which no way will I do that stupid a thing in daylight --- temperatures will vary from low of 90F to high of 105F with spots spiking at 115F due to windows as mirrors and passive radiant heat rising off the roads due to sunlight from yesterday that soaked into it

Yeah, but you live in EAST VILLAGE ... would you want to live anywhere else? You take the bad along with the good.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 24, 2024 18:13
1249:

most weather reports for Manhattan on radio-teevee-web rely upon Central Park

if indeed they have access to that other set of instruments, it too is positioned at a park

heat broke last night and today 85F feels slightly cool... wind gusts are pleasantly chilly

but this is the start of season for 'road tar melt'... shoes wrecking season

what I mentioned about differing temperatures is valid for all urban locales as well

 Greg Tingey | June 24, 2024 18:50
1250:

JohnS @ 1247
We've discussed this before ... it's not the "absolute" ( In °C ) temperature, it's the Relative Humidity that does it & you in.
Tomorrow, in London the temp is expected to get close to 30, but the humidity will probably be above 75% or even 80 - & that is what makes people wilt & collapse.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 24, 2024 18:52
1251:

Ah, yes, Yahweh's wife. Of course, in modern usage, that suggests him on top. And God's pronouns...

There's a book I would strongly recommend: The Hebrew Goddess, by Rafael Patai, Wayne State Univ Press. Originally published in 1963. (Yes, I own a copy).

Let's start out with him noting that in Genesis, with God "brooding over the waters", is not mulling it over, but the word used is the same one as a hen brooding over her eggs.

Later, he explains that there were three classes of Judaism in ancient Israel: the Court, the populace (the 95+%, who lived in close to their neighbors, the Canaanites who hadn't left), and the prophets (think smelly streetcorner preachers).

Even by the early 1960's, there were tens of thousands of potsherds from the peasants with inscriptions reading "Asherah and Her Yahweh" (Who's on top there?)

I'll also note that he speaks of the people "who were so holy, that they went up the hill to the Asherah, overthrew it, and burnt it"... with another holy man doing the same ON THE SAME HILL 20 years or so later...

 whitroth replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 24, 2024 18:56
1252:

I wonder what will happen when Netanyahu's gone, and given that several countries have already recognized a provisional Palestinian state, and it's actually created. Hell, Hezbollah is attacking allegedly to help the Palestinians by drawing off some of the Israeli military.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Bobh | June 24, 2024 19:03
1253:

There's still more problems with what happened to Yeshua, if he existed.

For one, as Harris points out in his late-70s book, Cows, Pigs, Wars, and Witches, crucifixion was NOT a punishment for "theives", it was reserved for treason against Rome. Which means that the two "thieves" were rather Zealots (terrorists in that part of the world? Noooo....). So the "King of the Jews" suggests that he was convicted of treason, as a leader of the Zealots.

Then there's the argument I've read in a number of places: Rome was anal about records. Why are there zero records of the traitors execution?

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 24, 2024 19:06
1254:

Oh, yes, and then, from what I've read, until the First Jewish Revolt in '68, the followers of Yeshua were busy trying to convince the elders in Jerusalem and elsewhere that they were just a Jewish sect. Came the Revolt, and "oh, no, we're not them!!!"

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 24, 2024 19:08
1255:

God, along with Emperors, editors, and people with tapeworms, to paraphrase Mark Twain.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 24, 2024 19:11
1256:

Oh, thanks so much. I've been considering buying 8' poles to put up against the chain link fense we have that's waist-high, and topping it with 4' fencing, to keep critters like the FULL GROWN DOE that was lounging in our back yard a month or so ago.

 alantyson replied to this comment from whitroth | June 24, 2024 19:37
1257:

Just to play Devil's Advocate (or, Savior's Advocate, I suppose?), while the Romans were anal about records, Judea was on the weird and wooly edge of the empire, and there's a lot about that time and place that never got properly recorded. Heck, aside from his supporting role in the New Testament, not much is known about Pontius Pilate, and he was the Roman governor of the province. So it doesn't seem so odd to me that records of the arrest and execution of one guy, no matter how popular he may have been, got lost shortly after the event itself.

 Greg Tingey | June 24, 2024 19:56
1258:

whitroth
I used to have a copy of "Cows, Pigs, Wars & Witches" - but have lost it ... very very good indeed!

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 24, 2024 20:23
1259:

barbed wire topping your fence is counter-indicated since if a reckless teenager gets gutted the blame is on you... no matter how much you loathe punks (and deer) trespassing...

as deer repellent, temporary fix, save your urine in a bucket each night then trickle it along property line in morning... deer will interpret it the smell of a meat-eater marking territory

motion sensors hooked into noise makers supposedly effective...

of course my personal choice would be lure the beasties onto your property and after you shoot 'em tell the cops you thought it was an intruder of whatever demographic group your community loathes most

Q: do you live in a "stand your ground" state? those idiotic gun laws are leverageable

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 24, 2024 20:44
1260:

as deer repellent, temporary fix

Apparently people's hair clippings (like from the movie "The Rookie") work.

And 8' is high enough MOST of the time. Google searching shows a lot of 8', 9', and 10' options.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 24, 2024 20:48
1261:

Except when he gets to modern times, and is blind to the fact that he's making the same invalid accusations against hippies, etc.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 24, 2024 20:52
1262:

Sorry, I did not say "barbed wire". I meant https://www.pinterest.com/pin/welded-wire-mesh-fence--718887159270403862/ (Sorry 'bout the pinterest link).

And a) I don't own a gun, though I do have a longbow, but b) it's a backyard. Just beyond the fence is someone else' backyard. We're not talking acres here...

 alantyson replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 24, 2024 21:01
1263:

If you want to make sure that absolutely no deer whatsoever come near your house, and also only the bravest and/or craziest dogs pee on your fence, and you happen to live near a decently-sized zoo, you can do what my wife and I were considering doing: asking the local zoo vets if we could buy some tiger wee after they were done using it for tests so we could spray our fence with it. We sold the house before we could attempt the experiment, but I'll always wonder...

 MaddyE replied to this comment from alantyson | June 24, 2024 21:42
1264:

I used to use a product called ZooDoo around my garden at my last place. It was a tiny garden and I got tired of finding cat poo all over the lawn (quite apart from anything, coming home after dark you ran the risk of tracking it into the house). It seemed to work.

Only problem with these natural cat repellents is that you have to reapply them after rain.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from whitroth | June 24, 2024 21:51
1265:

crucifixion was NOT a punishment for "theives", it was reserved for treason against Rome. Which means that the two "thieves" were rather Zealots (terrorists in that part of the world? Noooo....). So the "King of the Jews" suggests that he was convicted of treason, as a leader of the Zealots.

AFAIK, Romans saw no distinction between an armed rebel and an armed bandit -- both were crucified. They did have a distinction between a bandit and a thief -- if you only stole without violence, you could count on being merely hanged, -- but as soon as you spilled blood, you were bound for the cross.

So it is entirely possible that the "thieves" crucified alongside Christ were self-serving bandits rather than ideological rebels.

 Moz replied to this comment from MaddyE | June 24, 2024 22:51
1266:

Can ye not built a wee pooh house tae keep the rain offen it?

 alantyson replied to this comment from Moz | June 24, 2024 22:58
1267:

Got to be careful with building a pooh house on your property. You might end up with a bear infestation.

 Rocketpjs | June 24, 2024 23:11
1268:

I have a financially successful friend who is a distributor of bottled wolf urine (yes really). One assumes that in that particular industry sales is a much safer gig than harvesting. It is a real time saver to buy bulk rather than collect your own, as wolves are fast runners and a little bitey.

I have dealt with the deer in our neighbourhood by building a 6-foot fence with 8 foot poles. I strung some thin wire at 6-inch intervals above the top of the 'fence'. Said wire is presumably difficult to see, and when a deer attempts to hope over the fence it bumps its nose on the wire, freaks out quite humorously, and runs off. We haven't had a problem in years, though there are deer in our yard every evening at around 8 pm. The dogs and the deer are nodding acquaintances - 'Evening Harvey', 'Evening George'.

The only time deer in the garden are an issue is when the single point of failure (the gate) is left open by the resident teen who retrieves his basketball about 15 times per day. Said ball has also done my endives no favours, but at least the kid is moving.

 Moz replied to this comment from alantyson | June 24, 2024 23:50
1269:

If that happens a honeytrap should deal with it.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 25, 2024 02:24
1270:

never mind bounding from running start... deer can actually scramble up a chain link fence... I saw it in 1980s... freakish... its a matter of enough attempts and sheer stupid stubbornness... given how the critters are no longer being hunted enough to keep population from exploding there's now a huge number are (by deer-scaled intelligence) rather stupid and quite foolish

not just "watch me do this dumb thing" but all the way towards reaching "hold my beer" levels of WDFWYTYF[1] that if deer had a subsection on DARWINAWARDS.COM this actions would win them an entry

====

[1] WDFWYTYF = what-da-fuck-was-you-thinking-you-fool

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 25, 2024 02:30
1271:

I recognize you did not mention barbed wire but after reading of lawsuits smacking onto owners of semi-abandoned warehouses (and fully abandoned shopping malls) have become magnets for squatters (and teenagers), lawsuitsuits from injuries trespassers suffered upon barbed wire fencing I thought it useful to pass that along

yeah they trespass by attempting to scale a ten foot fence and the owner get sued for injuries suffered whilst committing a felony... go figua

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from whitroth | June 25, 2024 02:56
1272:

crucifixion was NOT a punishment for "theives", it was reserved for treason against Rome

Also piracy. Caesar famously crucified the pirates who captured (and ransomed) him.

Slaves who murdered their masters were also crucified, along with all the other slaves the master owned (including women and children).

Scipio famously crucified soldiers who deserted their legion in Africa (but only the Romans, non-Romans were just beheaded instead).

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 25, 2024 03:02
1273:

Said ball has also done my endives no favours, but at least the kid is moving.

If the kid doesn't like endive, I'd be just a tiny bit suspicious…

(Yes, thirty years of teaching teenagers has made me a touch cynical.)

 MaddyE replied to this comment from Moz | June 25, 2024 06:05
1274:

Unfortunately it works best when in full view. The idea is to make them think there's a bigger cat in residence and pooping on the lawn is not a good idea.

Fortunately, the current place hasn't suffered that particular nuisance even though we're something of a feline thoroughfare being between 2 dogs. Usually when we see them they have the 'just passing through, honest' vibe and are moving fairly quickly.

 Damian replied to this comment from David L | June 25, 2024 06:29
1275:

I will usually still happily mow on days up to around 38ºC. You have to make sure to remember to drink enough water. But that's part of living with the climate, and not really anything all that special (we talk about extreme heat waves here when it's more like 40ºC). Inversely, the outdoor restaurants here put the space heaters on when it drops below 20ºC.

So yes, while I completely appreciate things are different and there are real built environment factors at play, I still find it a challenge to see 23ºC as hot. I think there a lot elided over when simply talking about what people are used to, some of it probably cultural. The weight of clothes, and especially clothing that breathes versus clothing that blocks the wind, number of layers considered normal or even respectable, social markers associated with that, etc. It's been a relatively cool winter for Brisbane, I found myself buying a new jumper (aka sweater for the North Americans) for early morning walks. The thing is it's too hot to wear during the day when the sun's out and it gets above 20ºC. So for me it's the jumper that is hot, not the weather, which is normal (or even cool). But I can see how the expectations about this might be different.

 Greg Tingey | June 25, 2024 08:19
1276:

So then, are we finally rid of poisonous little stupid arsehole Julian Assange?
Hopefully, sent back to AUS to never, ever be heard of again.
His role in almost-destroying serious climate research into GW will not be forgotten, or not by me, anyway. He provided a huge amount of spurious backing for the anti-GW brigade, who are still with us, unfortunately.
Whether he was a "useful idiot" for Putin is open to question, but "idiot" - I'll go with that.

 Dave Lester replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 25, 2024 09:29
1277:

Charlie @1009

There is one easier way to get to the stars: wait for them to come to you.

In 1.3 million years the star gliese-710 which is currently 62 light years away and barrelling in at 14km/s, is anticipated to close to a distance of about one and a half light months, or 5,000AU. This is still 40 times the current distance to Voyager-1

(List of stars approaching us: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_nearest_stars#Distant_future_and_past_encounters )

 Howard NYC | June 25, 2024 10:05
1278:

an evergreen topic on this blog... conversions of office towers into housing

some new brutal facts to feed into topic...

https://archive.ph/Nkfra

QUOTE: "Jonathan Nachmani, a managing director ... said hundreds of billions in office building loans were coming due in the next two years. He said banks hadn’t been selling loans en masse because they didn’t want to take losses and there wasn’t enough interest from big investors."

my guess, the pressure upon building owners and their bankers will be enough to drive forward conversions since even if the total revenue are lower for middle class renters than as commercial renters that's still better than zero... and the more people actively inhabiting a neighborhood the more activity... especially retail... could well be doctor's offices, nail salons, restaurants, et al, renting those lower floors (2 thru 8) to provide retail services to newly arrived renters

this might be more optimistic than realistic...

bankers are gonna bleed billions as more 'n more business leases are broken and money borrowed by building owners never repaid

{ I'm proud of myself for squeezing in so many words starting with "B" in that summary sentence }

 Damian | June 25, 2024 10:46
1279:

So how about that T20? Afghanistan is really on a roll there, or so I hear.

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from whitroth | June 25, 2024 10:52
1280:

They crucified people for all sorts of stuff. Recent askhistorians post for details.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 25, 2024 11:19
1281:

Yes; if we start now, that's doable using current space probe technology.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from whitroth | June 25, 2024 13:32
1282:

Then there's the argument I've read in a number of places: Rome was anal about records. Why are there zero records of the traitors execution?

https://ehrmanblog.org/do-we-have-any-reliable-sources-for-pontius-pilate/

"In that connection, I should reiterate that it is a complete “myth” that Romans kept detailed records of everything and that as a result we are inordinately well informed about the world of Roman Palestine and should expect then to hear about Jesus if he really lived. If Romans kept such records, where are they? We certainly don’t have any. Think of everything we do not know about the reign of Pontius Pilate as governor of Judea. We know from the Jewish historian Josephus that Pilate ruled for ten years, between 26 and 36 CE. It would be easy to argue that he was the single most important figure for Roman Palestine for the entire length of his rule. And what records from that decade do we have from his reign, what Roman records of his major accomplishments, his daily itinerary, the decrees he passed, the laws he issued, the prisoners he put on trial, the death warrants he signed, his scandals, his interviews, his judicial proceedings? We have none. Nothing at all."

 David L replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 25, 2024 14:27
1283:

In that connection, I should reiterate that it is a complete “myth” that Romans kept detailed records of everything and that as a result we are inordinately well informed about the world of Roman Palestine and should expect then to hear about Jesus if he really lived. If Romans kept such records, where are they? We certainly don’t have any.

Slightly different take.

The Roman republic/empire went on for well over 500 years. And encompassed vast amounts of territory even by today's standards.

We have vast amounts of paper like things from them. But I have to ask. If you take all of it and divide it by year and territory/major city, just how much per year across the entire empire is left? 1%? 0.01%?

In the US we have issues with county courthouses being where most of the public paperwork is kept. And there are now a non trivial number of gaps in the records due to fire (electrical or cat overturning an oil lap or ...), flood, war (1860s anyone), etc... And even if there is a minor fire in judges chambers the records are almost always in the basement. Where all the water used in a fire fighting incident winds up.

I can just imagine roof leaks, minor riots, whatever over the few 100 years of record keeping in a province of the Roman empire. And for a while maybe no one gave a damn and used the piles of paper to start cooking fires. Or ????

 Vulch replied to this comment from David L | June 25, 2024 14:52
1284:

There's also the possibility of political censorship. As the Roman Empire moved to christianity the 'Ministry of Truth' in Constantinople would have been in a position to misfile, lose or outright destroy anything they found in the archives that contradicted the official line of history.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | June 25, 2024 14:59
1285:

Worth remembering that the primary recording material for Rome was Egyptian papyrus, which doesn’t last even as long as paper except under exceptional circumstances, like getting buried in the Egyptian desert. It was all hand written too, often by literate slaves handwriting copies of books.

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from whitroth | June 25, 2024 15:02
1286:

Then there's the argument I've read in a number of places: Rome was anal about records. Why are there zero records of the traitors execution?

At the other end of his life, the Bible says "a decree went out from Caesar Augustus, that a census be taken of all the inhabited earth." It's fair to call the Roman Empire all the Earth that the writers cared about, so I'll give them that one.

I'm sorry I didn't save the URL of the essay, but I recall Bret Devereaux hauling out a list of the censuses of Rome (because of course he did) and the options in the right time and place were one of Judea alone for taxes and one of the whole empire's citizenry for military obligations. So was the author wrong about the census? Was Joseph a Roman citizen, that he had to be counted? Or should we just not look too closely at that?

 David L replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 25, 2024 15:25
1287:

Or should we just not look too closely at that?

Let wait till we find his passport before making any sweeping decisions on the matter.

 Rocketpjs | June 25, 2024 16:04
1288:

It is possible and normal to adapt to significant temperature changes. In my personal experience I've gone from wearing a t-shirt and shorts when it rose to a balmy 12 degrees Celsius (while living in Banff), and at the other end of the spectrum deciding to put on a sweater because the temperature had plummeted to 23 C outside Athens.

Scots and English folk have been adjusting to hot temperatures for almost 500 years of Empire, though by all reports they spent much of their time pining the rain and fog of home.

The built environment can be an issue, for certain. And that might have to be adapted as temperatures rise. But the human body can adapt to some degree.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 25, 2024 16:46
1289:

So was the author wrong about the census?

That. The nativity accounts in the gospels attributed to Matthew and Luke appear to be separate embellishments of an oral ur-story that was made up out of whole cloth.

 peter w replied to this comment from alantyson | June 25, 2024 17:19
1290:

Hmmm. My parents house in Botswana had Klipspringer (small antelope) visiting regularly. They also had a leopard, from time to time. This might not be completely effective...

 peter w | June 25, 2024 17:29
1291:

Re: kangaroo herding, New Scientist had a story some years ago about the Australian army licensing helicopter simulators from the US with permission to modify terrain etc to make it more Australian. They decided that they needed kangaroos (they travel a long way fast so they could give away ones position by running away) and created them by taking infantry, modifying the speed and reskinning them. When the US consultants came in to check out the modified version they loved the kangaroos and started chasing them around for fun. Until they pop up over a hill to scare them and find that the kangaroos have deployed a surface to air missile system... Can't help thinking that if they had read some 'Tank Girl' this would have come as less of a surprise.

 Mr. Tim | June 25, 2024 17:43
1292:

To revive the space probe sub-thread:

It occurs to me that we are thinking too small. Small probe attached to solar sail being pushed by multi-terawatt lasers.

Instead, use a (really big) rail gun to launch packages to the retreating probe. The packages are "caught" by a (fairly big) rail gun on the probe and momentum is exchange (accelerating the probe). The packages can have course trimming capability (so the accuracy requirement at launch is more reasonable), and even have their own booster to provide a bit of extra speed (especially when the probe gets going really fast).

The packages could also have useful payloads, like fuel, that could be used by the probes engine for additional boost or deacceleration. The (empty) packages could also be used the by the probes rail gun for boost/deacceleration.

Of course, this would be just the opposite of a small probe. I suspect it would have to be pretty damn big and probably have to have a least one nuclear reactor to power everything.

I am also pretty sure I read about this quite awhile ago, but no idea where.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Damian | June 25, 2024 18:19
1293:

Thanks for the comment about the jumper. In the US, "jumper" refers to a very plain and simple girl's or woman's dress, often sleeveless.

 Kardashev | June 25, 2024 18:20
1294:

Instead, use a (really big) rail gun

About 30 years ago I attended a seminar at LLNL where gun-launched systems were being discussed for getting stuff to orbital altitudes. In the course of the discussions, it was noted that electronics capable of withstanding 30,000 g were off-the-shelf for military systems and the designers didn't see any problem with getting to 100,000 g.

100,000 g is 1000 km/sec^2, so I looked at what an accelerator capable of, ah, accelerating a 1 kg package to 0.01 c would look like. (Relativistic effects are small and ignored.) 0.01 c is 3,000 km/sec so the package would only need 3 seconds to get to that velocity at constant acceleration. S = 0.5 x a x t^2 = 500 x 9 = 4500 km in length. At the exit end, the accelerator needs force x velocity power to accelerate the package. Force is 1e6 N and velocity is 3e6 m/s, so 3 TW power. For larger packages the exit power scales with the mass.

That sounds formidable but perhaps doable in a century or two. 0.1c gets into Kardashev 1+ territory.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 25, 2024 18:20
1295:

I am also pretty sure I read about this quite awhile ago, but no idea where.

What you described is pretty similar to the setup in "Camelot 30K" by Robert Forward

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 25, 2024 18:40
1296:
What you described is pretty similar to the setup in "Camelot 30K" by Robert Forward*

Also the Orion’s Arm Beamrider Network ( https://www.orionsarm.com/eg-article/460c3685cd4c4 )

See also 1022 above: I'm just waiting for an update of Hoyle's Black Cloud reimagined as an interstellar probe. It's got big bits (magnetic field generators), and smaller bits (functional bots, mesobots, microbots, nanobots, and molecules and ions for shielding).The probe/cloud is fired out of the shotgun from hell (a big-ass linear accelerator), configures itself to get a boost from the solar wind on the way out to the heliopause, pulls itself into a fuzzy lump to coast towards its destination, where it makes itself into a plasma sail to slow down and steer. It comes in like a comet, drops in-system probes to gather data, goes around the star, them boosts itself on a somewhat slower ride back home as it collects telemetry from the probes it dropped. It might well scoop up plasma and dust to replenish its shield. At this point, the design is powered by wishful thinking and made of narrativium, but that's at least as durable as millennia old, laser-blasted mylar sails in interstellar space.

 Kardashev | June 25, 2024 19:35
1297:

On migratory voting in the USA. I have no idea if it would work in the US, let alone anywhere else, but it's an amusing idea.

https://www.lawyersgunsmoneyblog.com/2024/06/the-great-voter-migration-of-2024

 David L replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 25, 2024 20:22
1298:

In many (most?) states you have to show residency 30 days before an election to get registered. I think this is a bit long but still.

I'm having to write up a long letter to my state income tax folks as my wife had residency in another state for 8 years then moved "back". To them it appears she just stopped paying taxes and send us a letter wanting to know WHY do don't owe a new car worth of money.

She took a new job in the other state (but with the same company) and transferred her driver's license, the car registration, signed apartment leases, and voted there. But still it is a hassle.

Back to the point. Here in NC you have to sign an affidavit and one of the items is
" I will have lived at the residence identified on this form for 30 days before the date of the election in which I intend to vote;"

I get the impression the person who wrote that article didn't really check out the concept.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 25, 2024 20:36
1299:

Robert Prior @ 1272:

"crucifixion was NOT a punishment for "theives", it was reserved for treason against Rome"

Also piracy. Caesar famously crucified the pirates who captured (and ransomed) him.

Slaves who murdered their masters were also crucified, along with all the other slaves the master owned (including women and children).

Scipio famously crucified soldiers who deserted their legion in Africa (but only the Romans, non-Romans were just beheaded instead).

Still, crucifixion was a ROMAN form of execution ... if the Jews had killed Jesus he would have been stoned to death as specified under Jewish law. But he hadn't violated Jewish law ...

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 25, 2024 21:12
1300:

David L @ 1298:

In many (most?) states you have to show residency 30 days before an election to get registered. I think this is a bit long but still.

I'm having to write up a long letter to my state income tax folks as my wife had residency in another state for 8 years then moved "back". To them it appears she just stopped paying taxes and send us a letter wanting to know WHY do don't owe a new car worth of money.

She took a new job in the other state (but with the same company) and transferred her driver's license, the car registration, signed apartment leases, and voted there. But still it is a hassle.

Back to the point. Here in NC you have to sign an affidavit and one of the items is
" I will have lived at the residence identified on this form for 30 days before the date of the election in which I intend to vote;"

I get the impression the person who wrote that article didn't really check out the concept.

I wouldn't forget about just plain vanilla bureaucratic nearsightedness.

I came home from deployment to Iraq in 2005 and applied for admission to one of our state's Community Colleges.1

When I got my acceptance letter it came with a note that I would have to pay out-of-state tuition (much, MUCH higher) because I had not lived in North Carolina during the preceding year ... even though North Carolina was my home of record and I had lived here for 55 of the preceding 56 years (born here, grew up here, mostly lived here except for some periods when the NC Army National Guard told me I needed to be somewhere else).

Got it straightened out, but it took an extra road trip down to Asheboro to talk with the registrar at the school.

1 Because "re-employment rights" for Guard & Reserve ONLY apply if the former employer is still in business when you return ... mine wasn't.

 Vulch replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 25, 2024 21:14
1301:

Slaves who murdered their masters were also crucified, along with all the other slaves the master owned (including women and children).

In more modern parlance that would be Petit Treason, Grand Treason being against the state. Under English law, servants killing their master or a wife killing her husband were guilty of Petit Treason. Being hung, drawn and quartered was the punishment for either treason although it was considered to be undignified for women to be treated like that so they got burned at the stake instead.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from David L | June 25, 2024 22:40
1302:

I get the impression they did consider that aspect from the sentence:

Using the Internet, for example, one could set up several week residences (in no state does one have to wait more than 30 days after establishing residency there to vote in that state, and the time period is usually less) for migratory voters — young people without children and with mobile employment would be the ideal Freedom Riders in this case, and there are millions of them at the moment.

They are proposing people actually move states for 30 days (or the minimum number depending on state law)

The flaw I see here is that existing political funding mechanisms don't seem to facilitate this. Campaign money flows upwards, not down. Some billionaires could probably arrange it though

 April_D replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 25, 2024 22:49
1303:

Oh! to be a teenager in an abandoned shopping mall. That sounds wonderful.

 Moz replied to this comment from peter w | June 25, 2024 22:57
1304:

the Australian army licensing helicopter simulators from the

It's possibly even funnier than that: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/shoot-me-kangaroo-down-sport/

 Nojay replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 25, 2024 22:57
1305:

God descends to Earth and seduces/rapes a human female to make her pregnant and the resulting child is a Chosen One such as Perseus. The Greek Gods like Zeus did this all the time and I suspect there are other similar stories in other mythoi (I had to look that word up).

 Greg Tingey | June 25, 2024 22:59
1306:

JohnS
THAT'S THE POINT: Yeshua HAD broken Jewish Law - he claimed to be the messiah ...
BUT
The internal politics of the time, made it certain that the then-controlling internal jewish "authorities" in the Sanhedrin, wanted him executed, but they had to rig it up, so that he'd broken ROMAN law, yes?

 April_D replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 25, 2024 23:02
1307:

I'm going to schedule a party for the day. To celebrate or commiserate, I am yet unsure, but we are going to have a party.

 Moz replied to this comment from Vulch | June 25, 2024 23:07
1308:

Under English law, servants killing their master or a wife killing her husband were guilty of Petit Treason.

We still have remnants of that today, with weird crimes like "theft as a servant" attracting harsher sentences than other theft, and "theft was a master" (eg theft) not really being crimes at all. I mean, de jure they are, but de facto on the rare occasions things get to a guilty verdict prison is (almost) never considered appropriate.

https://www.unsw.edu.au/newsroom/news/2024/06/recovering-lost-wages-nearly-impossible-australias-underpaid-migrant-workers

The widespread underpayment of migrant workers in Australia is now well-documented. The vast majority never recover the wages they are owed.

In 2009, the federal “small claims” court process was established in the Federal Circuit and Family Court of Australia. The idea was to give workers a simple and accessible forum to claim unpaid wages and entitlements from their employers – without needing a lawyer.

But our new research has found that in reality, this process is virtually impossible to use without legal support.

We've seen a slight reversal of that recently with the "battered woman syndrome" at times succeeding as a defence. Worth noting that this very definitely does not extend to abused children who will generally be found guilty of murder and if they escape will be captured and returned to their abusers.

 Moz | June 25, 2024 23:09
1309:

Gah, "eg wage theft". Missing wages. I mean, in the text I wrote, as well as the not-really-a-crime sense.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 26, 2024 00:49
1310:

the then-controlling internal jewish "authorities" in the Sanhedrin, wanted him executed

The take I've seen on this is that the Sanhedrin, mostly Sadducees, might have had religious objections to what Jesus was saying but mostly were afraid of how the Romans might react if his message took hold. Jesus was not-so-tacitly preaching the overthrow of Roman rule and the Romans tended to send in the legions when that became a threat. Like they did some 35 years later, which led to the sack of Jerusalem and the destruction of the Second Temple.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 26, 2024 02:26
1311:

As Charlie was kind enough to point out to me, the challenge isn't getting a probe to another star--a laser sail can do that. The problem is getting the information back again. If sling-shotting around the star is out, then we either have to find a way to slow the thing down and then speed it up again, or else figure out how to fab a long range transmitter in situ.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 26, 2024 03:05
1312:

Kardashev @ 1310:

"the then-controlling internal jewish "authorities" in the Sanhedrin, wanted him executed"

The take I've seen on this is that the Sanhedrin, mostly Sadducees, might have had religious objections to what Jesus was saying but mostly were afraid of how the Romans might react if his message took hold. Jesus was not-so-tacitly preaching the overthrow of Roman rule and the Romans tended to send in the legions when that became a threat. Like they did some 35 years later, which led to the sack of Jerusalem and the destruction of the Second Temple.

Regardless of how the "internal Jewish authorities" might have felt about him, if the Jews had put him to death he would have been stoned. Only the Romans could have crucified him.

 Troutwaxer | June 26, 2024 03:15
1313:

I got an itty, tiny, teensy little compliment today. (Read the first comment.)

https://archiveofourown.org/works/48000055/chapters/144699142

I might be just mildly pleased with life at the moment.

 Moz | June 26, 2024 03:31
1314:

https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cxww2rnxzvlo

The Baltic Arrow is currently in the River Nene, Wisbech, after the captain reported "grounding" at about 08:49 BST on Tuesday.

It looks just like the Ever Given, but smaller (or further away?) 😂

 Moz replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 26, 2024 03:33
1315:

Awesome!

 darkblue replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | June 26, 2024 04:23
1316:

> They crucified people for all sorts of stuff. Recent askhistorians post for details.

I read this too quickly at first and found myself wondering where on Earth is Askhistoria and why were/are the locals so keen on crucifixion?

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Moz | June 26, 2024 04:23
1317:

Not so much; no "deck cargo of ISO containers" on the MV Baltic Arrow!

 Leroy F. Berven | June 26, 2024 04:47
1318:

Moz @ 1314: It looks just like the Ever Given, but smaller (or further away?)

Largely because it's about one percent of the Ever Given's size (whether measured as deadweight tonnage, or otherwise). FYI, having only six crew members is an additional indication of this vessel's comparatively tiny size, as is the photo of the vessel stuck in what would be generally regarded as an "irrigation ditch" by the local standards of some parts of the planet.

 Moz replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 26, 2024 04:50
1319:

https://www.crikey.com.au/2024/06/26/labor-2030-emissions-reduction-target-climate-peace/

The “Future Gas strategy” is a bipartisan agreement to actively worsen the climate crisis. This is the long-running climate peace: a consensus between both major parties to do an eco-fascist lean into the extractivist death spiral and bleed whatever cash benefits remain from causing climate damage.

The “climate wars” framing, which activates so much excitement across the media landscape and mostly ignores climate change, reveals something significant: verbal disagreements between the two parties are seen as more dangerous than the actual physical consequences of climate disaster, and significantly more worthy of attention than assessing the performance and ambition of whichever government is in charge.

Conflict churnalism focusses on the wrong things and uses misleading language to make them seem more important (or less important) than they are. Much as the impending "presedential debate" in the USA is extremely important but also unrelated to any policy positions or proposed actions of either politician.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | June 26, 2024 05:07
1320:

Still, crucifixion was a ROMAN form of execution ... if the Jews had killed Jesus he would have been stoned to death as specified under Jewish law. But he hadn't violated Jewish law ...

Not exclusively Roman, by any means.

Judea was occupied at the time. Would a Jewish court be allowed to sentence a man to death without the Romans weighing in?

Would it have behooved the Jewish authorities (or some of them) to use the romans to do their dirty work for them, by setting someone up? A lot of scores get settled by proxy during an occupation, and Judea back then was as politically complicated as it is now, with the Romans dependent on locals for a lot of the day-to-day stuff (including what we would call intel).

Years ago Dr. Trevor Hodge (Carleton University) created a lovely series on Ideas (CBC radio) called The Court of Ideas, where he and a cast taught history using the form of mock trials. The first I heard was "Pontius Pilate vs. St. Mark", which had Pilate suing Mark for libel. They brought out a lot of the inaccuracies in the biblical narrative, as well as the politics of not only the time of the events, but also the time that the gospels were written and later codified as part of the christian bible.

My search skills aren't up to finding that episode online (if indeed it's online), as all the results are from biblical 'scholarship' (scare quoting because I don't consider baptist schools particularly reliable), but if you can find it I think you'd enjoy it. (And others in the series, like Alexander the Great being charged with misleading advertising.)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | June 26, 2024 05:30
1321:

"Camelot 30K"

tossing a lump of ballast (iron inside titanium skin sounds about right) that is accelerated via linear induction 'cannon'

ballast sent off from Earth (accelerated), caught by spacecraft (by de-accelerating gains momentum)

 Bo Lindbergh | June 26, 2024 05:41
1322:

The Miriam Shoshana hypothesis is the only explanation of Jesus Christ's origin that needs to be considered. I'll summarise it below.

If you make a Wikipedia deep dive for information about this, you'll come away convinced that John the Baptist has more uncontested contemporary sources supporting his existence than J.C. himself has.

J.C.'s story has some properties that stick out to modern readers. He is the best at everything he does: he understands the law better than the Pharisees, he baptises better than John, etc. In the end, he chooses to sacrifice himself to save everyone else. These are all Sueish traits!

Conclusion: Jesus Christ originated as the Mary Sue character of somebody's John the Baptist fanfic.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from April_D | June 26, 2024 05:47
1323:

...aside from the black mold and opportunistic slave-takers and broken glass... then there's the endless blackness of a human made cave

you've got an image of a mall intact with its contents unlooted with the electricity still providing illumination

delightful fantasy and so not close to how an abandoned mall really, really, really looks like after five months... never mind five years

efforts to redevelop boil down to choice of endless minor repairs of ill-shaped space inappropriate for most new purposes =or= tear it all down whilst leaving the parking lots 'n plumbing connect points intact

simpler to tear down

whereas subsidies and politics lean towards developing new land

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from peter w | June 26, 2024 05:56
1324:

hmmm... Auzzie version of American 2nd Amendment... instead of the right to bear arms... the right to arm bears (and 'roos and rabbits)

definitely leads to respecting wildlife

as well leveling the playing field when hunting for sport... hunter could become the hunted

anti-poaching vigilante elephants carrying oversized rifles to permit trunks as trigger puller obviously sold as (uhm) "elephant guns"

{ no need to shove... I'll go quietly }

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Moz | June 26, 2024 05:59
1325:

Yeah. My writing praised as being Pterry-worthy? Just picture me as a muppet running around waving its hands and screaming!

 Moz replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 26, 2024 07:01
1326:

I have the mental image but I'm also wondering what muppet legs look like. Kermit has them, big bird has them, but I'm not sure about the rest. OTOH I am pretty low on the hours watching muppets scale.

 Greg Tingey | June 26, 2024 08:10
1327:

Crucifixion
IIRC Alexander "The Great" had a lot of people crucified after a couple of sieges ... (?) Tyre & Gaza (?)

 David L replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 26, 2024 08:17
1328:

They are proposing people actually move states for 30 days

I don't know many people who can move to another state for 30 days. Economically, job wise, family issues, etc... It would need to be a WFH single person in many cases. Maybe a dual WFH couple. But toss in any kids or retired folks and it would get hard. Without some big subsidies along the way.

Oh, the state you might want to try this might not be a few miles down the road.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 08:30
1329:

efforts to redevelop boil down to choice of endless minor repairs of ill-shaped space inappropriate for most new purposes =or= tear it all down whilst leaving the parking lots 'n plumbing connect points intact

I've seen all three setups. Sears (which imploded a few years back) store spaces converted to call centers. It can work if in the right location and depending on parking and access.

Tear down and start over, like they did a 10 minute walk from here. (We still have people moaning they want the old 90% empty mall back.) They turned it into a low rise walkable shopping, apartment, and office setup. With buildings ranging from 1 to 20 stories. I think it works well.

Or they limp along have empty or soon abandoned like the Pittsburgh area where I lived in the 80s.

Now one thing you can do it stage a movie car chase. Blues Brothers anyone?

Anyway, I think the stats in the US are 4000 indoor large scale malls at the peak. And 2500 or less now. That's a lot of empty space.

 Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 08:37
1330:

getting back to AI and crypto and bubbles...

QUOTE: "The International Energy Agency has estimated that global electricity demand from AI, data centers and crypto will at minimum rise to 800TWh, or terawatt hours, in 2026, a nearly 75% increase from 460TWh in 2022."

...that's 92 gigawatts of new capacity... assuming a single medium sized wind turbine generates a megawatt, then this single category of demand will require 92,000 wind turbines reserved for keeping it fed... not counting the occasional climate change-related blackout and averaging of supply-v-demand by way of batteries

https://www.theguardian.com/science/article/2024/jun/25/albert-einstein-letter-fdr

 Greg Tingey | June 26, 2024 08:48
1331:

Point to note about that stranded ship ... Close to where it has apparently grounded, the "N Holland main drain" empties into the Nene ... and there's a small village/hamlet called: "Foul Anchor" (!)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 26, 2024 08:49
1332:

heh...

if we were serious about dealing with the homeless (rebranded as "unhoused" for =reasons=) there'd be enough elbow room for not just no frills housing but also offices for medical / pysch / rehab (addiction and physical) / parole / training

all done on site, walking distance which makes it easier to complete the complex process of going sober 'n clean followed by repairing damage

big plus? out of sight of pearl clutching NIMBYs

problem being nobody really willing to allocate all those resources all in the same location and then maintain funding long enough to really complete a multi-year project

society at large regards this as a minor issue to be shrugged off

...and what is determinately ignored is in ten years there'd be yet a new crop of addicts-EDIs-vagrants-etc...

 Bellinghman replied to this comment from Moz | June 26, 2024 09:48
1333:

That's not even the first of the day. See this article in Der Spiegel for one that got stuck on the previous tide, on one of the German islands (so the other side of the North Sea).

 Moz replied to this comment from Bellinghman | June 26, 2024 10:06
1334:

I liked the BBC picture that made it look like a model of the Ever Given setup. I'm sure people misnavigate little boats all the time.

 Mike Collins | June 26, 2024 12:41
1335:

Triton and Pluto have the same origin. Perhaps Kzanol’s spaceship was involved.

https://youtu.be/01-t06fWGeI?si=OXO8GQYU9e7XqhH7

 Dave Lester replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 26, 2024 13:14
1336:

Greg @1306

Can I politely suggest that you still have work to do getting over your adolescent fundamentalist phase?

The conclusion reached by New Testament Scholars on the nature of the Historical Jesus is exactly the following:

There was probably a man named Jesus. Probably.
 Nojay replied to this comment from Moz | June 26, 2024 14:17
1337:

Friends who lived on the UK canal network had a narrowboat built to their own spec, over-engined and framed as a tug. They often encountered hireboats stuck or grounded when out cruising in the summer and they would oblige the hapless holidaymakers by pulling their boat out of wherever it had got stuck.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 14:21
1338:

QUOTE: "The International Energy Agency has estimated that global electricity demand from AI, data centers and crypto will at minimum rise to 800TWh, or terawatt hours, in 2026, a nearly 75% increase from 460TWh in 2022."

Too bad OGH doesn’t have a story in production wherein China accidentally saves western civilization from itself by invading Taiwan, causing Nvidia to destroy its chip fabricators and strangling the AI takeover before it really gets going.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Bellinghman | June 26, 2024 14:24
1339:

I'm eagerly awaiting a candid shot of some unlucky day laborer handed a shovel with orders to undig the freighter by himself

there'd been that single mech digger along the bank of the Suez Canal during that debacle that just well viral as a meme of overbearing demands of clueless management upon an under-equipped staff

been a lot of such moments, hmmm?

enough to fill entire learned works upon utter cluelessness

yeah... that ought be the title... "High Ranking Cluelessness"

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 26, 2024 14:25
1340:

Hopefully there's something to this:

Researchers from UC Santa Cruz, UC Davis, LuxiTech, and Soochow University have developed a new method to run AI language models more efficiently by eliminating matrix multiplication, potentially reducing the environmental impact and operational costs of AI systems. Ars Technica's Benj Edwards reports:

https://entertainment.slashdot.org/story/24/06/26/001222/researchers-upend-ai-status-quo-by-eliminating-matrix-multiplication-in-llms

But blowing up the Nvidia factory works too.

 Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 14:45
1341:

HALF-BAKED IDEA

those of you with 'ancient hardware' ought contact Christie's to determine if they have interest in a secondary catalog of items outside of the catalog of museum's holdings going up for sale...

https://hardware.slashdot.org/story/24/06/25/2031227/seattles-living-computers-museum-logs-off-for-good

 Rocketpjs | June 26, 2024 14:55
1342:

So I guess there is enough generating power to support AI, but not a build out of EV infrastructure?

/bringing in another strange attractor

 David L replied to this comment from Nojay | June 26, 2024 14:56
1343:

Friends who lived on the UK canal network had a narrowboat built to their own spec

There was (and may still be) a reality TV show in the US for a year or few following 1 or 2 of these canal house boat builds per show.

I found them interesting. Not sure I'd want to live on one.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 15:01
1344:

there'd been that single mech digger along the bank of the Suez Canal during that debacle that just well viral as a meme of overbearing demands of clueless management upon an under-equipped staff

Actually that excavator made sense. When you get into such situations it is never clear just how much "stuck" there is. And digging away the dirt on the sides can at times free things up. So it was a cheap way to see if things could be fixed quickly.

You learn such things when you get to un-stuck things in real life. I never came anywhere near to something like a monster container ship. But have had to extract some riding lawn mowers, farm tractors, cars/pickups, and a dozer or few. Careful extraction of some dirt or rock following by judicious application of force can make amazing things happen at times.

But that ship in the Suez was stuck hard.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 26, 2024 15:04
1345:

So I guess there is enough generating power to support AI, but not a build out of EV infrastructure?

If you have to ask….

I’m waiting for the news that Big Oil and coal are pumping AI to slow the transition so they can make more money from their existing investments and maybe do a global authoritarian takeover.

 David L replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 26, 2024 15:04
1346:

So I guess there is enough generating power to support AI, but not a build out of EV infrastructure?

In very rough terms people expect to have to pay for their EV charging but not their Google searches. Advertisers pay for the searchers.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 26, 2024 15:18
1347:

So I guess there is enough generating power to support AI, but not a build out of EV infrastructure?

AI brings the possibility of becoming filthy rich(er) by cornering the market like Amazon et al, or at least selling out to Amazon et al. As Charlie pointed out, perfect scam territory (or at least bubble territory).

Building infrastructure requires shovels in the ground and a whole lot of skills techbros are notorious for not having, as well as a lot of boring work actually keeping the service functional. You can't outsource the labour to Africa. You can't talk your way out of EVs not charging by throwing around buzzwords.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Rocketpjs | June 26, 2024 15:59
1348:

consider this: world wide humans expend more on paperclips, staples, rubberbands, and other office supplies than they do upon vaccinations

...and it's a proven truism that 95% of paperclips end up as wee-twisty sculptures in desk drawers done during phone calls (and more recently Zoom-WFH-clusters and collective time wasting vid conferences)

whereas at least 20% of rubberbands end up forgotten to the point where years later sacks of withered crud are stumbled over... that's not attempting to estimate how many rubberbands end up as rubberband balls

so yeah... shortsighted priorities

 Ed Seedhouse replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 26, 2024 16:00
1349:

"There was probably a man named Jesus. Probably"

They go a little further than that. They accept that the "Jesus" (Jeshua) of the bible was very probably an actual person. And that he was executed by the Romans, likely by crucifixion.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 26, 2024 16:09
1350:

just imagine -- as I did -- being the unlucky bastard operating that solidary digger

with helicopters a-buzzing, photographers a-clicking and every man above you in the command chain (8? 11? 14?) a-shouting in your ear over the company issued radio and/or calling you on your personal phone

thing is, one manager calling once an hour to get progress reports is sensible... but nothing rational in the way megacorps operate in midst a crisis and given the local culture (abusive to anyone of lesser social ranking) plus how the Suez Canal is operated as a cash cow (neglected when functioning 'n starved of repair funding) likrely that unlucky guy was fielding 8 to 30 calls hourly...

not just demanding updates but offering advice utterly useless by men who'd never gotten their hands dirty a day in their lives

now you guess how they'd behave when one day becomes two, then five... then... who will they blame for tardy resolution?

if that's not a reason to scream, tell me, what is?

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 16:12
1351:

and it's a proven truism that 95% of paperclips end up as wee-twisty sculptures in desk drawers done during phone calls

Nope. That's old school.

Most now are unbend into a L shape and used to reset the device of the moment. Then lost under a pile of paper or similar so get another one out and ...

lather, rinse, repeat.

I suspect there are a dozen of two unbent ones in my WFH home office at this point.

 Dave Lester replied to this comment from Ed Seedhouse | June 26, 2024 16:54
1352:

Ed @1349

But that statement is impossible to deduce from contemporary historic documents.

We might concede that there was a reference in Josephus (AD70), but that’s been over-dubbed by Christian copyists, and probably didn’t originally mention his death. The rest of the New Testament was never really intended to be historical, and therefore cannot be treated as such.

 Nojay replied to this comment from Ed Seedhouse | June 26, 2024 17:13
1353:

Crucifixion is a complicated way to execute someone. It was reserved by the Roman authorities to demonstrate a very visible outcome for crimes against the State like slave revolts and uprisings. A local rabblerouser like Jeshua son of Yusuf would have been taken round the back of the barracks and dealt with summarily without getting the star treatment accorded to him in the Bible.

Hanging, hacking someone's head off, slitting their throat or a quick spear into the ribcage was usually sufficient if the Romans simply wanted to execute a criminal or war captive. Enslavement was a more likely option for transgressors, especially those who were not of Roman heritage to begin with.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 26, 2024 17:14
1354:

There was probably a man named Jesus. Probably.

Wrong: that's a greek translation.

He'd have gone by Yeshua ben Yusuf, or something similar.

 Pixodaros replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 26, 2024 17:21
1355:

A specialist in Late Roman Britain wrote that we don't know the name of a single Late Roman British villa owner even though they had grand houses full of mosaics and silverware alluding to the classics (and they were almost certainly Christian and engaged in selling grain to the legions in Gaul by the shipload). We can barely see the rural population of Early Roman Britain at all.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 26, 2024 17:24
1356:

Sheesh: Jesus edition.

A simple reminder that we’ve got more biographical information on Jesus and Paul than we do on Zoroaster, Laozi and Zhuangzi (Laozi means old master),Buddha (who couldn’t have been a prince), Abraham, Moses…. So what?

I’d suggest, rather than going on about the historicity of any of these people, maybe get back to why Louisiana Xtians are trying to put the Ten Commandments on walls, and ignoring the one Commandment that Jesus gave his disciples. And them. The problem with Christianity now isn’t whether Jesus existed, it’s that it’s long been a set of marketing labels for content that bears no resemblance to what’s in the Gospels, to the point that people who want to actually practice the Way of Jesus often leave their churches to do so. It’s not about the books, it’s about the practitioners.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 26, 2024 17:24
1357:

Robert Prior @ 1320:

"Still, crucifixion was a ROMAN form of execution ... if the Jews had killed Jesus he would have been stoned to death as specified under Jewish law. But he hadn't violated Jewish law ..."

Not exclusively Roman, by any means.

Judea was occupied at the time. Would a Jewish court be allowed to sentence a man to death without the Romans weighing in?

Yes, as long as it was not a Roman citizen. IF a man was condemned by a "Jewish court" the method of execution would be stoning.

Would it have behooved the Jewish authorities (or some of them) to use the romans to do their dirty work for them, by setting someone up? A lot of scores get settled by proxy during an occupation, and Judea back then was as politically complicated as it is now, with the Romans dependent on locals for a lot of the day-to-day stuff (including what we would call intel).

Seems to be what happened. According to the new testament story the Roman "governor" took some convincing, suspecting the temple "authorities" were trying to set him up.

I don't know if the Sanhedrin actually had any case against "Jesus" (or whatever his name really was), but he was apparently trying to upset THEIR cozy little racket (driving the money changers out of the temple ...), so they appear to have agitated to have him condemned & executed by the Romans as a threat to Roman rule.

 peter w replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 26, 2024 17:28
1358:

Just got their free election mailout through the door. Disappointingly shiny and non absorbent.

 alantyson | June 26, 2024 17:37
1359:

Risking unwarranted optimism, the new power generation stations and infrastructure being built to supply AI/LLM/ML/SonOfClippy will still be there after the nonsense goes bust, just like NFTs went bust, just like Crypto has effectively gone bust (or at least deflated, I know it's still out there but it didn't exactly "make a dent in the universe"). New power plants intended to power delusional chat bots can just as well power EV charging stations, heat pumps, and schools and hospitals. In a way, now we just have to hope the AI hype lasts just long enough for new power plants to get built to supply the demand for them, and then crumbles into dry turds soo after.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from alantyson | June 26, 2024 18:06
1360:

I think some AI infrastructure can be repurposed for EVs. Maybe. Not all of it. An AI server center in, say Arizona will be freaking useless when its water runs out, and the power lines tunning to it won’t help outside the region.

It’s like the housing crisis. The solution is likely to be slums, shanty towns, and squats and tenements in former business parks. With the linked breakdown of municipal planning in general, with all the follow on problems that will cause.

This is grimly ironic, because we live in a time where we could probably harness AI to at least manage a lot of the chronic planning fiascos we’ve made and plan a tolerable way forward. Instead municipal planning has become a political battleground, planners have to self-lobotomize when they clock in, and AI’s a fucking tech bubble that’s competing with the re-metastasizing crypto bubble for increasingly limited electrical supplies. And you wonder why the kids are angry right now?

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 18:45
1361:

...aside from the black mold and opportunistic slave-takers and broken glass... then there's the endless blackness of a human made cave

Almost all malls in US have a lot of skylights, so they are not all that dark even without electricity. Unless you go into the back areas of the stores.

https://stock.adobe.com/search/images?k=%22abandoned+mall%22

 whitroth replied to this comment from Nojay | June 26, 2024 18:49
1362:

To use the phrase that an idiot reviewing my first novel used, Christianity is a mish-mash of Judaism, Egyptian religion (look at Isis, Osiris, and Horus), with some Mithraism tacked on at the end.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 26, 2024 18:52
1363:

The Jewish authorities clearly wanted him Dealt With, and they wanted to avoid being blamed by his followers and sympathizers. So, get the Romans to do it, who were happy to "look tough on crime".

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 26, 2024 18:52
1364:

how about...

"Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder."

...as a way of describing the upcoming faceoff between those eager for a theocracy and the rest of use who refuse to bow to their choice of gods?

it is becoming wide spread, or perhaps saying being spread ever wider, the ways in which they've begun chipping away at any foundational law-custom-habit-policy that is not well defended

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 18:55
1365:

Oh, come one, lots of us have talked bout the right to arm bears for decades, and I've been wanting the contract to provide deer with body armor (cf. Teflon-covered armor-peircing bullets)

I should get around to installing WINE, then dig up the copy my son gave me 20+ years ago, of Deer Avenger.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 26, 2024 18:57
1366:

Low-rise, walkable, with stores and offices? Like old neighborhoods? Gee, they'd even be 15 walkable sectors. Love it.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 26, 2024 18:58
1367:

nope, sorry

skylights offer the illusion of illumination

if you turn off the electricity even in daytime, most malls I've been to will become dimly lit... man-made cavern systems

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 26, 2024 19:00
1368:

Well, in Becoming Terran, Taiwan does get invaded, and some even nastier tech is aborted....

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 19:03
1369:

"Civilizations die from suicide, not by murder."

...is a pithy slogan which is absolutely, 100% false. No civilization in history ever "died by suicide". Civilizations transform, not die.

Historians consider 476 AD to be the end of Western Roman Empire, when barbarian Odoacer, son of Attila’s sidekick Edeko, was crowned king of Italy. But as far as population of Rome and Italy were concerned, nothing terrible happened that year; if anything, it was more peaceful and prosperous than previous several decades. (Such as when the new king’s father and his boss invaded.)

Mayan civilization declined dramatically in the 9th and 10th century as cities were abandoned due to persistent drought and poor harvests, but when you realize that this process took almost 200 years it becomes much less dramatic. It’s not like millions of people starved to death at once. Rather, little by little, as scribes, administrators and professional warriors died of old age, their children would take up farming, as there was not enough surplus to support these civilized professions.

What really causes great loss of life, knowledge and culture are wars. In other words, civilizations (sometimes) get destroyed from outside, not collapse from within. Or you can say "Civilizations die by murder, not suicide".

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from alantyson | June 26, 2024 19:07
1370:

hmmm...

billions 'n billions of under-utilized GPU/CPU

who else is thinking honking huge MMORPG campaigning? only not a commercial app like WoW... building an open source open-ended shared universe... Traveler(tm) brought up to 2024 levels of intrigue and graphics?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 26, 2024 19:24
1371:

don't confuse me with facts I've made up my mind

{G}

for any non-Americans wondering, there 's a lot of us just a bit worried about the aftermath of tomorrow's debate... allies-bootlickers-employees of Trump has been trying to downplay his performance well in advance since he's been showing really wacky moments...

otherwise proclaiming that Trump is in greatest of great shape...

almost as if they are all waiting till after the election to invoke the removal of POTUS clause in 25th Amendment so that the vice president (whomever he is) can get sworn in and thereafter restore sanity to the Republican Party

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 26, 2024 19:47
1372:

..is a pithy slogan which is absolutely, 100% false. No civilization in history ever "died by suicide". Civilizations transform, not die.

Thank you! I’m sincerely glad you beat me to saying that!

Heck, last week Science Advances published a study claiming that Rapa Nui/Easter Island didn’t collapse until the 19th century, when black birding and smallpox hit. They’re now saying that previous archaeological surveys that supposedly showed an old population collapse massively overestimated the number of agricultural fields on the island.

 Uncle Stinky | June 26, 2024 20:15
1373:

Claims being made about reducing AI power consumption in Researchers upend AI status quo by eliminating matrix multiplication in LLMs. I am not able to adequately judge the veracity but interesting if true.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 20:24
1374:

Howard NYC @ 1323:

...aside from the black mold and opportunistic slave-takers and broken glass... then there's the endless blackness of a human made cave

you've got an image of a mall intact with its contents unlooted with the electricity still providing illumination

delightful fantasy and so not close to how an abandoned mall really, really, really looks like after five months... never mind five years

efforts to redevelop boil down to choice of endless minor repairs of ill-shaped space inappropriate for most new purposes =or= tear it all down whilst leaving the parking lots 'n plumbing connect points intact

simpler to tear down

whereas subsidies and politics lean towards developing new land

Actually, THIS is more how I imagine it:
https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=abandoned+mall

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 20:31
1375:

Being that anything the GOP accuses anyone else of doing is what they, themselves, are guilty of, I say drug test both of them.

Don't suppose anyone remember the night after Hillary's first debate with him, where every night show host was sure he'd been snorting coke.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 20:34
1376:

25th Amendment? Yes, I’m quite sure VP Madge Greene will be thrilled to do that. She’s as competent at governance as a barrel of infectious mosquitoes.

Wonder what’ll happen if the SCOTUS rules tomorrow that the POTUS can’t be tried for any act while Iin Office. What might Biden do?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 26, 2024 20:40
1377:

Dave Lester @ 1336:

The conclusion reached by New Testament Scholars on the nature of the Historical Jesus is exactly the following:

There was probably a man named Jesus. Probably.

The simplest answer (Occam's Razor ...) is there was a man whose name/title was transformed into "Jesus" as the Roman State Religion absorbed the cult around 310 CE.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 26, 2024 20:44
1378:

Re: 'I’m waiting for the news that Big Oil and coal are pumping AI to slow the transition ...'

Long term strategy might be to figure out a way to grab energy from the atmosphere or other sources to corner the market on AI energy supply. Or, start making small nuke power plants. Wonder how difficult it would be to transition their geo tools from oil- to nuke-finding.

https://www.vox.com/climate/2024/3/28/24111721/ai-uses-a-lot-of-energy-experts-expect-it-to-double-in-just-a-few-years

Considering that the heat waves, winds and rains are becoming longer and more intense, i.e., more people dying, more infrastructure being destroyed and in need of repair/replacement, more A/C needed to keep valuable tech tools working, etc., new-gen versions of reliable, consistent energy supply suited for the current-and-likely-foreseeable-future-climate is likely to become even more important.

Not sure whether this has been discussed but wonder whether any gov't is going to come up with requirements that any new tech that is intended to be widely used must first pass short and long-term effects on flora/fauna health tests. Sorta like for drugs, foods, electrical devices, etc. There's no sane reason that any new tech should get a free pass esp. if it's intended to be widely used. [Making more money/profit is not a sufficient reason.]

Re: Past week's comments ...

Haven't had a chance to catch up on comments [AFK for past week] and not feeling peppy enough to read everything just now so if anyone could give me a very quick recap of the past 7 days, it'd be much appreciated. Thanks!

 JohnS replied to this comment from JohnS | June 26, 2024 20:46
1379:

MLXIII Ab Urbe Condita

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 26, 2024 21:00
1380:

Howard NYC @ 1370:

hmmm...

billions 'n billions of under-utilized GPU/CPU

who else is thinking honking huge MMORPG campaigning? only not a commercial app like WoW... building an open source open-ended shared universe... Traveler(tm) brought up to 2024 levels of intrigue and graphics?

Didn't somebody write a book about that?

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 26, 2024 21:10
1381:

Heteromeles @ 1376:

25th Amendment? Yes, I’m quite sure VP Madge Greene will be thrilled to do that. She’s as competent at governance as a barrel of infectious mosquitoes.

Wonder what’ll happen if the SCOTUS rules tomorrow that the POTUS can’t be tried for any act while Iin Office. What might Biden do?

I'm beginning to think the court will "hold it over until the next term".

It's the perfect Roberts Court non-decision. Give Trumpolini everything he wants without actually establishing a precedent that prevents the GQP from going after Biden or some future Democrat later ...

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from JohnS | June 26, 2024 21:42
1382:

»I'm beginning to think the court will "hold it over until the next term". «

That is not a thing.

The only way to do keep it hanging would be to set it up for repeated argument, something which have only happened once in the last 30 years where I have been following SCOTUS, and only because everything to several sharp bends during the first oral argument.

If you look at the late opinions (= the hard/controversial ones) this season, you will notice that the center/left majority have become very adept at hanging the hardliners on the right in their own rope.

Today for instance, rather than let them run rampant on public health, they dismissed the case for "lack of standing", something the hardliners until now have been most ready to use.

The oral argument did not at all go well for Trumps lawyer, he never really got a toe-hold because his demands were patently absurd and outrageous.

Therefore I think there is a good chance that they "DIG" (Denied as Improvidently Granted) that case, which is their way of saying "we shouldn't have taken this case in the first place." That leaves the lower courts ruling standing, but without the "… says SCOTUS" stamp of approval.

Another likely outcome is Trump loosing, with Roberts as the "swing vote", writing in a concurring opinion that he would DIG the case, so he doesn't agree with anything the left wing wrote in the opinion, that way the opinion does not make precedent.

 Charlie Stross | June 26, 2024 22:06
1383:

ADMINISTRATIVE NOTE

I would have blogged a new post here a week or two ago but I'm still elbow-deep in The Regicide Report. Which is looking to be 25-30% longer than planned when it's done.

The good news is that I should be delivering it to my agent over the weekend, so things might get back to normal around here thereafter.

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 26, 2024 22:29
1384:

Rapa Nui/Easter Island didn’t collapse until the 19th century, when black birding and smallpox hit.

You mean the population collapse was caused by statistics? Shit, I knew those things were dangerous but causing a 5x decrease in population!

(yes I saw the article. I know it's a change in estimated population)

 peter w replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 26, 2024 22:34
1385:

The Maya collapse took centuries across the whole area. In any specific site it is abrupt and dramatic. The last ruler of Bonampak commissioned his murals to celebrate the dedication of an heir who never ruled. Within a generation of completing the great hieroglyphic stairway Dynastic rule at Copan had ended and people were tearing up the central plaza for crops. Some places continued, some thrived for awhile when more powerful neighbours collapsed then followed them down. some places grew by taking in refugees, for a while. Its hard to see that as people simply downsizing and going back to agriculture.

 Greg Tingey | June 26, 2024 22:54
1386:

Charlie ...
so things might get back to normal around here thereafter. - with the ELECTION on Thursday?
Friday morning's radio ( & I suppose TV ) news is going to be interesting

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from peter w | June 26, 2024 23:26
1387:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spanish_conquest_of_the_Maya

The Mayans are still around as people. The last Mayan kingdom fell to the Spanish in 1697 or so.

The mistake here is conflating the collapse of the “Classic” Mayan civilization with the collapse of Mayan civilization. What fell apart was the system that produced self-aggrandizing rulers who built big monuments to their families. Archaeologists have known all along that many Mayans survived. They just thought that “post-collapse” kingdoms were degenerate and second rate. The degenerates gave the Conquistadors a fair amount of trouble though.

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 00:02
1388:

Now do "the Roman Empire" :)

And is it fair to say that only German goths are the real goths, everyone else is just an overdramatic teenager?

 SFReader replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 27, 2024 00:11
1389:

Re: '... with the ELECTION on Thursday?'

So any 'bets' on whether there will be a majority (preferably) non-Tory government?

Most of the UK headlines popping up on my Google News relate to Tories placing bets on whether/when the election was going to be called. With a side of Farage doing his version of DT/MAGA style campaigning.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 00:19
1390:

What I think about Rapa Nui, or the Mayans, or the Aborigines, etc. is that we white folk have to remember that there are fairly nasty political elements to most collapse stories.

In the cases of the Maya and the Rapa Nuians , the stories of prehistoric collapse rested on the notion that the little brown-skinned people that explorers like Thor Heyerdahl interacted with could not have built the big ruined monuments they found. Therefore it was okay to exploit the brown people and ignore the histories they they remembered.

Australia’s Terra Nullius concept had similar grounds, I believe?

The Incan collapse story allowed Pizarro’s folk to backstab all the Andean allies who helped them overthrow the Inca (and ignore the suits those former allies filed in Spanish courts at the time).

Gibbon’s Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire conveniently ignored the fact that the Byzantines called themselves Romans, not Byzantines, and were the actual Roman Empire. By claiming that Rome had fallen, Gibbons made it possible for western empires like Britain and the Holy Roman Empire to claim to be the heirs of Rome and the Catholic Church, as opposed to those supported by the Byzantine Orthodox Churches, like the Russian Czars.

I used to be a lot less critical of collapse theories. Problem is, I think there’s a big element of politics in most of them, so it’s worth asking who benefits from them. This isn’t to say that pro-collapse researchers are political hacks, but it is to say that whether or not they realize it, they’re working in a politicized field and their findings will be spun.

A final example is Trump, who’s being supported a massive messaging claiming that the US is collapsing, it’s all the democrats’ fault, and only he can save the day. I don’t think this is supported by the data, but he’s doing absurdly well.

 Thomas Jørgensen replied to this comment from SFReader | June 27, 2024 00:27
1391:

"not very". A lot of current uranium mining is in-situ leaching. Not a lot of retraining to teach a bunch of rig workers to do that instead. But the quantities needed are a whole lot smaller, so most of the workers will have to move on regardless.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 00:54
1392:

And is it fair to say that only German goths are the real goths, everyone else is just an overdramatic teenager?

Um, didn’t the Visigoths and Ostrogoths come from the Balkans? If you want to call modern Goths balky, go right ahead. I’m on a different continent, after all…

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 00:58
1393:

Australia was more about denying that the existing inhabitants had ever had anything that could pretend to be civilisation. "human shaped animals" is an exaggeration but not much of one.

I'm currently reading a random memoir I found in a little free library called "Too Long In The Bush" by Len Beadell which is all very amusing laconic anecdote style with occasional jarring racism to remind you that the "amusing picaninnies" exist purely for the entertainment of white people. They don't get mentioned often, and always in a patronising way.

If you want collapse theories being written in advance, a local economist has just pointed out (again) that the nominally left wing ALP here are (again) being at best two-faced about their committment to emissions reduction.

the environment department (led by the environment minister, Tanya Plibersek) approved a coal seam gas pipeline in Queensland. This approval “has effect until 30 June 2069”. And on Tuesday the department approved the Atlas stage 3 gas project in Queensland out to June 2080.

Those dates are rather beyond 2050 when we’re supposed to be at net zero emissions.

https://www.theguardian.com/business/grogonomics/article/2024/jun/27/coalition-nuclear-policy-labor-gas-projects-net-zero

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 01:31
1394:

If you want collapse theories being written in advance, a local economist has just pointed out (again) that the nominally left wing ALP here are (again) being at best two-faced about their committment to emissions reduction.

I’m shocked, shocked. Too much education about win-wins and compromising as the essentials of politics?

My suggestion for the epitaph of our era is still “what the frack were they thinking?” for a reason.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Thomas Jørgensen | June 27, 2024 01:47
1395:

Re: 'But the quantities needed are a whole lot smaller, ...'

Even for the much higher demands for AI, crypto, A/C, EV, domestic robots, plus new urban ag and med/sci technologies?

Crypto might be on the wane but it's still guzzling energy.

 Ed Seedhouse replied to this comment from Dave Lester | June 27, 2024 02:06
1396:

I was simply telling you what I understand as the current state of what biblical scholarship says about "Jesus".

If I recall correctly, these same scholars assign anyone who lived before David to mythical status.

My own opinion (which is mine) is that "Jeshua" was a man who had an intense mystical experience, concluded that he was God's son, and was persuasive enough to impress a lot of the local folk to the point that a legend grew around him. But I am no biblical scholar.

 Damian replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 02:07
1397:

Well the word "from" is a bit troublesome, but the Goths are supposed to have come from (whatever that means) Scandinavia and migrated south and east in the 3rd and 4th centuries.

But at the time when they first became a problem for the Romans in the late 4th century, they came from Transdanubia and the area north of the Black Sea (Romania and Ukraine, more or less), driven by a Hunnic westward invasion. They stomped around the Balkans south of the Danube for years until there was a settlement, were subsequently settled there and permitted to remain more or less intact as a group. A generation later, as "Visigoths", they sacked Rome, and that could be where the "Balkans" thing comes from? But really they were an ethnicity (albeit a somewhat rebellious one) within the empire by that time... the next settlement put them in France and Spain.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from SFReader | June 27, 2024 02:22
1398:

hmmmm... how best to say it?

"previously on Extreme Makeovers: Climate Crisis"

there's been flooding in places where it used to rain but now experienced a monsoon-like deluge... dams are on verge of collapse... a month or longer till waters recede enough to fully gauge the mud's damage

politicians still toeing the line set by their mega-donors from Big Oil and Big Coal refusing to admit the obvious

Donald Trump's moldering corpse seen being stood up at rallies to adoring hordes of utterly clueless ... though not a single CEO of the 1000 largest US megacorps has announced support, Trump brags he's gotten millions in donations from 'em

...and the price of rye bread in New York City just spiked past US$5.00 for a one pound loaf

 Damian replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 02:27
1399:

Gibbons made it possible for western empires like Britain and the Holy Roman Empire to claim to be the heirs of Rome and the Catholic Church

To be fair, the HRE made this claim centuries before Gibbons. But in their case wasn't that the western empire fell, they claimed to be the continuous heirs to it, authorised by the Pope and everything, honest!

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from SFReader | June 27, 2024 02:43
1400:

Long term strategy might be to figure out a way to grab energy from the atmosphere or other sources to corner the market on AI energy supply.

what is the form of this energy freely floating about in the atmosphere waiting to be exploited

some will tell u ai's finna solve fusion and we'll all get jetpacks

https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2024/06/21/artificial-intelligence-nuclear-fusion-climate/

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Ed Seedhouse | June 27, 2024 02:45
1401:

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Messianism

Messianism is a human phenomenon that occurs in every major religious tradition, North America ( the Ghost Dance ), Melanesia (cargo cults, John Frum), and especially, for whatever reason, in montane Southeast Asia.

Jesus’ life story is kind of the template for it, and it’s pretty close to stereotypical: man in an oppressed minority has mystical experiences, becomes convinced his mission is to make the world holy again. This messiah gathers a following, teaches them to live right, convinces them that the divine will be on their side when they go against their oppressor. They rise up, get massacred, the messiah dies, and his cult disappears when his disciples die off. Christianity was on this track until Paul showed up, messed with the script, and the rest is history, more or less.

Variations on Jesus’ story have happened so many times that I think Jesus’ life pretty much happened as written, minus the miracles. What’s bizarre about Jesus is that Christianity is the only major religion I can think of that was “founded by” a messiah, and I’m pretty sure that was actually Paul’s doing, mostly.

If you want to dig deeper into Messianism, one place you might look is Scott’s The Art of Not Being Governed, which is about highland South East Asia and has a chapter on messianism there.

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 27, 2024 03:04
1402:

At least there are more people talking about managed retreat, so that's in the wider vocabulary now. Maybe in a few years "cut emissions" might follow?

https://fosstodon.org/@sphenodon@mastodon.nz/112685279745798185 Looking at the recent history of Wairoa, and the costs from previous rebuilds, after the current storm should we be discussing abandoning it? Move the entire settlement? the climate is not going to get more settled and Wairoa has shown itself to be especially vulnerable.

Referring to this: https://www.gisborneherald.co.nz/news/evacuations-states-of-emergency-in-te-karaka-and-wairoa-as-rivers-hit-danger-levels-1 A slow-moving storm has smashed the Tairāwhiti and Hawke’s Bay regions overnight, bringing two months’ worth of rain in some areas that has caused flooding, rough seas and gale-force winds, with more to come today. The Waipaoa and Wairoa rivers have surged past danger levels, several roads are closed due to slips and power has been shut off in Wairoa township due to rising water levels. A local State of Emergency has been declared in Wairoa and in Heretaunga in Hawke’s Bay.

Eventually they might catch up with Elon Musk and decide that the correct response is indeed to Venuform Earth and Terrorform Mars...

 Robert Prior | June 27, 2024 03:07
1403:

For those interested in America's presidential election (and those affected by the results, which is going to be all of us), here's a link to Nate Silver's discussion of his model and what it means.

https://www.natesilver.net/p/the-presidential-election-isnt-a

I find myself less optimistic than I was before I read it, especially given his record.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | June 27, 2024 03:30
1404:

Re: 'what is the form of this energy freely floating about in the atmosphere waiting to be exploited'

Thunder storms/lightning ... with the increase in the number and ferocity of storms, why not try to tap into it? (If life hands you lemons, make lemonade.)

However ... how all of that accumulating space junk zooming around and disintegrating in the atmosphere might affect electrical charge build-up and conductance would also need to be considered.

 Moz replied to this comment from SFReader | June 27, 2024 03:37
1405:

Nah, the space junk burning up mostly just gets rid of all the pesky ozone and gives our darker cousins another advantage in the world we're building.

Maybe someone should explain to all the neonazis that once they melt the Arctic they won't have anywhere cooler to go, it'll be black skinned people all the way south to the uninhabitable regions?

(the really accessible power in the atmosphere is the wind)

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 03:42
1406:

Wonder what’ll happen if the SCOTUS rules tomorrow that the POTUS can’t be tried for any act while Iin Office. What might Biden do?

My bet is very little that he wouldn't have done already. Both Biden and Trump are too old to change their worldviews easily — and Biden's view of how government should work would seem to preclude behaving as Trump would.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Damian | June 27, 2024 03:45
1407:

To be fair, the HRE made this claim centuries before Gibbons. But in their case wasn't that the western empire fell, they claimed to be the continuous heirs to it, authorised by the Pope and everything, honest!

I do stand corrected. Thanks! I guess I should have said that continuity with the Roman Catholic Church made acknowledging that the Orthodox tradition was also a direct heir...problematic. And, oddly, a lot of our discourse on civilizations collapsing seems to flow from this bit of Christian politics. This would be academic, except that "our civilization is going to collapse!" is getting baked into our current political calculus, and that's actually a problem.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 03:54
1408:

By claiming that Rome had fallen, Gibbons made it possible for western empires like Britain and the Holy Roman Empire to claim to be the heirs of Rome and the Catholic Church, as opposed to those supported by the Byzantine Orthodox Churches, like the Russian Czars.

May I recommend to you the book The West by Naoíse Mac Sweeney?

Prize-winning historian Naoíse Mac Sweeney delivers a captivating exploration of how “Western Civilization”—the concept of a single cultural inheritance extending from ancient Greece to modern times—is a powerful figment of our collective imagination.

https://www.penguinrandomhouse.ca/books/713458/the-west-by-naoise-mac-sweeney/9780593472170

One of the things that I learned in the first couple of chapters is that the Romans considered themselves being part of Asia, not Europe. (I've got most of a degree in Classics, and my textbooks somehow never really mentioned that, instead presenting the Greece -> Rome -> Renaissance Europe progression. Which progression was based on a work-for-hire propaganda history written to support political claims during the Renaissance.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 27, 2024 03:56
1409:

My bet is very little that he wouldn't have done already. Both Biden and Trump are too old to change their worldviews easily — and Biden's view of how government should work would seem to preclude behaving as Trump would.

Thing about Biden is, he seems to take his oath of office pretty seriously. If he's convinced Trump's a sufficiently large threat to the US and the Constitution, I'd bet he'll act, cutting Harris out of the loop so that even if she's impeached along with him, there's no evidence that can be used to convict her.

I'm also guessing, watching the SCOTUS trying not to screw up too badly right now, that they'll find a way to delay more and avoid ruling on Trump's legitimacy. After all, if they give Biden carte blanche, he might determine that Thomas and Alito are sufficiently great threats to the Constitution to do something about them.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 27, 2024 05:14
1410:

Prize-winning historian Naoíse Mac Sweeney delivers a captivating exploration of how “Western Civilization”—the concept of a single cultural inheritance extending from ancient Greece to modern times—is a powerful figment of our collective imagination.

Thanks for the recommendation, I'll add it to my list.

Right now, among other things, I'm reading Gabriele and Perry's The Bright Ages: A New History of Medieval Europe, which in the first chapter makes the point that the Roman Empire ended most of a millennium after Alaric's sack of Rome.

It's interesting that Mac Sweeney says the Romans considered themselves to be Asian. As I understand it (wrongly?) in classic times Asia was east of the Dardanelles, Europe was west of the Dardanelles. Certainly Rome conquered a good chunk of Asia Minor, but the city itself was west of the Dardanelles. Something to sort out some day I guess.

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 05:42
1411:

if they give Biden carte blanche, he might determine that Thomas and Alito are sufficiently great threats to the Constitution to do something about them.

After all, that's what they would do...

There's a whole lot that Biden could do right now immediately regardless of court cases. Like appointing aother five or ten supreme court justices by bum rushing the system. Immunity would just make it easier to explain to anyone who didn't want him to do that that "I'd rather die" is something he would take literally. Oh, and BTW that is the other option.

I like to think that somewhere in Democratic HQ there's some very serioius strategists arguing about just how much of "legitimate government" is left, how much will survive a Trump term, and what they should do in response. There's no evidence that this is true, BTW, it's pure optimism on my part.

 Damian replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 06:40
1412:

It reads to me like an almost trivial reference to the Roman claim to descent via Aeneas from Troy, which today we think was a real historic place east of the Dardanelles (disclaimer: per physical archaeology, resemblances to the Homeric traditional content are entirely the discretion of the reader). I mean, the same mythology also claims descent from Aphrodite/Venus and everything, so it isn't exactly historical. In a lot of ways it is similar to the HRE claiming to be the continuation of the Roman empire.

But sure, pre-Islamic Asia Minor, more or less modern day Turkey, was thoroughly (Greco-)Roman. TBH I'm not sure it's really a meaningful distinction to say European or Asian, I think that it's really only the later Christian era that yielded a concept that Europe was special in some way.

 peter w replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 06:51
1413:

All of this is true. Nontheless there was a significantly large and complex civilization which abruptly became significantly smaller and less complex. One of the things which is underappreciated about the maya is how much survived from the collapse of central area classic civilization , partly because the Spanish colonialists deliberately destroyed and concealed the survivals. One of the others, and we are only now discovering it, is the sheer scale and complexity of a classic period Mayan 'city'.

 Damian replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 07:04
1414:

I like to think that somewhere in Democratic HQ there's some very serioius strategists arguing about just how much of "legitimate government" is left, how much will survive a Trump term, and what they should do in response

You'd like to think there's a Continuity Operations equivalent somewhere. Even just to give the conspiracy theorists something concrete to complain about. Steep dates!

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 27, 2024 07:49
1415:

huh? hey! who unchained him from his desk!?

get him back to sweating over the keyboard... using heavier gauge of chains

those pre-apocalyptic nightmares don't write themselves

{ still it is good to know you're alive dude }

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 07:53
1416:

filtering condition being:

emo goths wear black fingernail polish... writing predictably dull as ditchwater songs about death

real goths wear necklaces composed of fingers... one per kill

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 08:04
1417:

uhm...

"I take bribes therefore you can frack"

and

"leave the challenges of tidying up any toxic residue to our grandchildren"

and

"when I die the universe ends therefore why bother worrying about the day after my death?"

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 08:18
1418:

only sliver of joy I could take away from projected flooding?

Florida's population will be relocated, at least a million a year which wrecks the tax base (real estate under water and the fish ignore dunning notices from DeSantis), reduces pool of unskilled labor (since many lower income folk live in areas most likely flood pre-eminently) and tourists get worried about mosquito borne aliments go elsewhere (malaria and dyphila and a dozen others I cannot spell correctly) and the local banking system implodes (mortgages are literally underwater two differing ways and are abandoned)

reduces influence in Washington due to fewer arsewipes in Congress as population relocates

politicians grovel like never before, begging for governmental intervention and billions in grants and subsidies and bailouts

medical insurance becomes another unavailable service due to skyrocketing treatment costs from heat and disease and injuries

 skulgun replied to this comment from Damian | June 27, 2024 08:29
1419:

The Democrats are constitutionally incapable of believing that the status quo, the institutional democratic norms, or rule of law will ever cease to exist.

If I were them I would have started cultivating an SPD type Iron Front as an independent base of power the minute it was apparent the right-leaning police were unwilling to protect them from screeching fascists at school board meetings flanked by alt right thugs, but they're not able to even consider that sort of organization.

 skulgun replied to this comment from skulgun | June 27, 2024 08:32
1420:

Part of the failure of the bolivian coup today was the ability of the government to mobilize the unions and the people to get in the streets and declare labor action against the military insurgents.

 Leroy F. Berven | June 27, 2024 08:39
1421:

Howard NYC @ 1418: Florida's population will be relocated ... fewer arsewipes in Congress as population relocates

See Alan Danzig, "The Great Nebraska Sea", Galaxy Science Fiction, August 1963, wherein "The states which kept some portion of their land above water eventually demand their full representation in Congress, including two senators each for several states which exist only as slivers of land."

Please do not underestimate the ability (and willingness) of politicians with their backs against the wall (or the ocean abyss) to advance even the thinnest (or most implausible) arguments in favor of their continuance in office.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 08:39
1422:

not five... just four... an even number so SCOTUS in total is an odd number...

...and assuming he loses the election in Nov, Biden does an executive order on FRI 17 JAN 2025 (last business day of his presidency)

which means when T(he)Rump mumbles his way thru the oath on MON 20 JAN 2025 there's 13 judges (of whom are 7 libel and/or left leaning) to issue opinions upon his executive orders

only way out of the mess being Congress really focuses upon writing better laws centered upon limiting SCOTUS and reining in POTUS... a process taking months

we could get lucky... when Trump learns he's been rendered impotent he might bust a blood vessel or attempt to have SCOTUS arrested... that last one would be way too much for his support base to accept... lest they be next to be dragged off in chains

 Greg Tingey | June 27, 2024 08:43
1423:

H
Christianity is the only major religion I can think of that was “founded by” a messiah
Utter, complete TOTAL BOLLOCKS ...
Mahmud/Mohammed - the actual-human, but "divinely-instructed" only true follower of the BigSkyFairy, right ...
Why do you think the aftereffects of those two religions, the lies, murder, blackmail & torture are so similar, eh?

Howard NYC
Nah.
The "base" will still follow DJT - he is their leader/guide, so those arrested MUST be guilty .. look at the fate of those who crossed Adolf & the grovelling support from everyone else.

 Moz replied to this comment from skulgun | June 27, 2024 08:47
1424:

https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2024/6/26/fears-of-coup-attempt-in-bolivia-as-soldiers-storm-presidential-palace

But as armed soldiers and armoured vehicles filled the Plaza Murillo in the centre of the capital La Paz, the backlash came swiftly.

The country’s largest labour union announced an indefinite strike in defence of Arce’s government. Videos circulating on social media appear to show crowds of people chasing away pro-coup forces.

Former President Morales also denounced the military’s actions, calling for criminal prosecution against Zuniga and anyone who helped him.

“We will not allow the armed forces to violate democracy and intimidate people,” he said.

Even the right-wing leader who replaced Morales, former President Jeanine Anez, rejected the military’s advances.

I'm kind of interpreting that as "we already got one" from Monty Python's Holy Grail. That is, a working government. I realise it's much more serious than that, and I'm glad it stayed an attempted coup.

 Scott Sanford | June 27, 2024 09:02
1425:

With the upcoming UK election, I expect at least a few people here have seen advertisements such as this Vote Dalek piece. I'm not convinced they can form a government (although they might exterminate one) but they do lay out a clear plan for handling climate change.

 Guy Rixon replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 27, 2024 09:12
1426:

"only way out of the mess being Congress really focuses upon writing better laws centered upon limiting SCOTUS and reining in POTUS... a process taking months"

Presumably, you mean months to operate the constitutional machinery if they have an immediate consensus on what to do. More likely in the range of years to never if they have no consensus.

 Guy Rixon replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 09:39
1427:

"Variations on Jesus’ story have happened so many times that I think Jesus’ life pretty much happened as written, minus the miracles. What’s bizarre about Jesus is that Christianity is the only major religion I can think of that was “founded by” a messiah, and I’m pretty sure that was actually Paul’s doing, mostly."

Alternative reading: Yesuah ben Yousef (or whatever he was actually called in his lifetime) did start a cult. That cult died out normally with his direct disciples, then Paul of Tarsus built a different religion from the remnants.

What's unique about christianity --- and it may also come from Pauline christianity, not the original sayings of Jesus --- is the messiah claiming to actually be the godhead, not merely inspired by such.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 27, 2024 09:40
1428:

»there's 13 judges«

The number of justices on the SCOTUS is fixed by law. It takes both chambers of congress AND the president to change it.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 12:57
1429:

It's interesting that Mac Sweeney says the Romans considered themselves to be Asian. As I understand it (wrongly?) in classic times Asia was east of the Dardanelles, Europe was west of the Dardanelles.

Going by memory here, it wasn't just the 'descended from Aeneas' thing, but rather they were thoroughly part of the Mediterranean world which was mostly focussed around the eastern end and inland of that.

I don't want to waffle on too much about it because I'd probably get the details wrong, and as she's a classical scholar I trust that she got the details right.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Guy Rixon | June 27, 2024 13:05
1430:

What's unique about christianity --- and it may also come from Pauline christianity, not the original sayings of Jesus --- is the messiah claiming to actually be the godhead, not merely inspired by such.

Very convenient for the new cult leader (Paul). No need to perform miracles etc himself, but he could still claim divine authority to something that was within living memory.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 27, 2024 13:19
1431:

Civilizations try to commit murder, and it ends up being suicide. (Russia in Ukraine, forex.)

 Nojay replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 27, 2024 13:50
1432:

America's war in south-east Asia in the 1960s didn't destroy the nation, indeed the spending on the war effort probably boosted the economy significantly. Russia, despite fighting in Ukraine and the sanctions imposed on it by most western countries is not falling apart quite as fast or as much as some outside observers would like you to believe.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 27, 2024 13:59
1433:

can't help thinking u might be calling in ur schadenfreude a little early here

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Guy Rixon | June 27, 2024 14:43
1434:

Alternative reading: Yesuah ben Yousef (or whatever he was actually called in his lifetime) did start a cult. That cult died out normally with his direct disciples, then Paul of Tarsus built a different religion from the remnants.

Not quite. Paul interacted with the original disciples. Peter became the original bishop of Rome, for instance, which is why the popes (the bishops of Rome) claim an unbroken line of spiritual descent from Jesus. Paul never physically knew Jesus, after all. What he did do was to get Christianity spreading throughout the Roman world, so it stopped being just a schismatic Jewish cult.

…

And for Greg and others in the peanut gallery, there’s a big difference between a prophet and a messiah. Messiahs stereotypically start a revolt and get killed doing so, because apparently “trust your feelings” is bad tactical advice and Gods are lousy strategists. Prophets are spokespeople for the divine, and far more varied. Moses and Mohammed count as prophets, not messiahs.

As for Buddhism, it does have a messianic tradition, because messianism seems to be one of those things humans do. That said, Buddha was a yogi, not a prophet, and Buddhism is a yoga system that has spawned a bunch of non-prophet religions n the Mahayana side.

 David L replied to this comment from Nojay | June 27, 2024 15:32
1435:

America's war in south-east Asia in the 1960s didn't destroy the nation, indeed the spending on the war effort probably boosted the economy significantly.

Wow.

I suspect that the people who had their skulls stacked into large piles didn't like the economic trade offs.

 Bobh replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 15:34
1436:

1356 "why Louisiana Xtians are trying to put the Ten Commandments on walls"

We're living in dystopian times similar to jesus'. The anxiety caused by “end is nigh” thought gets dealt with by some by puttting up the 10 Commandments, and for others, reading Charlie's CASE NIGHTMARE xyz stories. (I'd like some with a bit less dystopia, please.)

To follow the Way of Jesus, you need to pick your version. There’s what’s in the canonical Gospels,(which change meanings over time) and what’s in a range of “Gnostic” scriptures. The bare bones of the story: Like a lot of Jews, Jesus thought the end days were coming, and he was the messenger. The universalist “be nice to one another, and everybody” flows from that, but it’s not clear that meant social justice as we think about it today, or more likely, the world ending and restarting in a better version.

Whatever… We didn’t get to see that play out because Jesus got executed. For his followers that was a crisis. In a stunning reframe, the gospels main message is that Jesus triumphed over death, and that his believers could as well. But the nature of Jesus changes over time (See the link to Bart Erdman up-thread) In Mark’s gospel, God raises Jesus. By John’s, Jesus IS God. (For other changes, see sidebar below) There’s another set of stories that depict Jesus as a new age guru with secret knowledge for his inner circle.

Disagreement!!. Big arguments over who got to define Truth, framed as who was a real apostle. Anybody else became a tool of the devil. Eventually that resulted in a priesthood, the codification of the nature of “Christ”, and a canon of authentic scriptures. That all came together under Roman Emperor Constantine. The Church literally was the Ministry of Truth and ruthlessly suppressed heretical beliefs and writings. The Emperor was the voice of God in the world; priests controlled who had an afterlife That set a pattern of theocratic totalitarianism though Thomas Hobbes Divine Right of Kings

Back to putting up the 10 Commandments. Bart Erdman (mentioned upthread) said he began studying the Bible, because he was afraid of going to hell. So in a time when the world is collapsing it makes sense to revert to deep seated beliefs. The promise of a good afterlife, or the threat of going to hell is a powerful motivator.

Sidebar: The responsibility for Jesus death, also changes. Pontius Pilate, according to Josephus(?) is corrupt and arbitrary. He would have had no second thought about executing a troublemaker. In the gospel stories he becomes more and more a well meaning dupe of the scheming Jews. Jesus followers are becoming a separate religion that does not want to threaten Rome. Remember, this is soon after Jerusalem is sacked, and St Paul's marketing has given "Christianity" a foothold in the Greco-Roman world. By the time of Constantine, anti-Judaism was a feature, not a bug.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Bobh | June 27, 2024 16:19
1437:

Ummmm… the multiple Christianities started early and never went away. The one holy Roman Catholic Church was really only a feature of Europe (and not all of it!) during the high Middle Ages. Prior to that, there were fights between the Arians, the Orthodox, the Nestorians, the Copts….

Ministry of Truth is a modern notion. Until the Enlightenment, there was no split between Church and State, and which sect or religion you belonged to was very much about choosing your allies and/or enemies, as much or more than how you wanted to get to heaven.

The joke I read about the Council of Nicea (convened in 32 under Constantine’s order) is that Constantine declared himself a Christian and under that sign won the critical battle and conquered the empire. Like the smarter born-agains, he then wanted to know what he’d gotten himself into, so he called in a bunch of Christian leaders and asked them what Christianity was. After listening to them for awhile, he basically said unto them, “my dudes, you all need to go sit down amongst yourselves, figure out what it is you all agree that you believe and practice, then come back and tell me.” So they met in Nicea for months and did what he told them, and that’s more or less where orthodox Christianity came from.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Scott Sanford | June 27, 2024 16:20
1438:

https://youtu.be/tkAqwHiAR-g

a British ex-pat digs into the mess in a manner accessible to people who are surprised there's any land on the other side of the Atlantic

John Oliver For The (Snarking) Win!

 David L replied to this comment from Bobh | June 27, 2024 16:21
1439:

Yes. To it all. And more. But this is an argument amongst scholars and would be.

For the majority of the people in the US there is confusion over the changing country. To their parents and earlier the world was mostly ordered and repetitive. Then mass media showed up. And as it progressed from radio and movies, then TV, and now the Internet, the vast messiness of the world landed hard on their perceived view of the US and the world.

And they are PISSED. To no end. They want to world to go back to what they thought it was. And laws like this appeal to them as it puts things back into their rightful place. Ignoring the debate over just who's version of the 10 these are. (See North Carolina's CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT over the right to hunt and fish. I'm serious.)

I hope the US doesn't break before this confusion ends. I rate it 50/50 just now.

And I get the feeling this, exposure to the wider world, is what is driving angst in a lot of Europe and the rest of the planet just now. But in not exactly the same way. Lots of local flavor to all of this.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Nojay | June 27, 2024 16:44
1440:

America's war in south-east Asia in the 1960s didn't destroy the nation

America's "war" in south-east Asia is best understood as one front in a global war with the USSR ... which the USA won, despite setbacks in some theatres of conflict.

As for Russia in Ukraine, the real determinant of victory will be Putin's health. He's over 72 and Russian leaders don't age well and he hasn't left any potential successors around (they all seem to have shot themselves in the back of the head while falling out of sub-basement windows for some reason). Prognosis: if he doesn't get to declare a victory in Ukraine reasonably soon Russia will go the way of Yugoslavia after Tito (or Iraq after Saddam) when he dies.

 Bobh replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 16:46
1441:
"where Christianity came from".

Right. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UBgzbmgdp4Q I don't consider myself a writer, but I've been playing with an animation program, and have been redoing bible stories using Eve as the protagonist - Moses up through Jesus. Kind of fun and gets a bit of a reaction on social media.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 27, 2024 16:49
1442:

falling out of sub-basement windows

From 30 meters up.

Russia will go the way of Yugoslavia after Tito

As much as I think Russia is a blight on the politics of the planet just now, I hate to think of a Russia literally falling apart. Not like the 1990s but much much worse. Just dealing with the left over nuclear weapons, plants, ships, etc... will be an incredible mess. On top of the messes of some of their older oil and mining operations which are already a disaster.

 Bobh replied to this comment from David L | June 27, 2024 16:50
1443:

1439 If some of the people weren't so crazy, you could feel kinda sympathetic. Unfortunately the golden ages they want to go back to never existed

 David L replied to this comment from Bobh | June 27, 2024 17:29
1444:

Unfortunately the golden ages they want to go back to never existed

Actually they did. But only selectively. Stores were closed on Sundays and everyone (that mattered) went to church on Sunday morning. Kids didn't engage in drug use or freely participate in sex. Except for getting blind drunk on Friday nights after the basketball or football game and the occasional pregnancy marriage of 17/18/19 year old teens. The US was fighting the dirty evil commies. And doing a good job of it thank you very much.

Of course no one talked about the preacher, deacon, school teacher who had to leave town for a job far away with little notice. Or that most people died due to lack of fast and decent medical care. (A tech thing, not a policy.) Some kids were crippled for life due to polio and other diseases. And in general we were poorer than now.

But the things I WANT to remember are better. Sure.

My step grandmother (born 1922) had a hard first 20 years then a tough next 30 or so before I suspect she basically traded sex for a better life via a marriage. (But we don't talk about that aspect of her life.) But the things I remember most about her are:
- She didn't put up with crap from anyone unless it just wasn't possible.
- She had a great saying: "The best thing about the good old days is they are GONE!!!"

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 27, 2024 17:42
1445:

»Prognosis: if he doesn't get to declare a victory in Ukraine reasonably soon Russia will go the way of Yugoslavia after Tito (or Iraq after Saddam) when he dies.«

While I agree with the overall conclusion, neither of those historical parallels are relevant: In both cases the various factions all could "go somewhere else", not much of Russia has that option.

So much of the Russian transport infrastructure is star-shaped with Moscow at the center, that only a few of the areas closest to EU has a realistic chance of surviving, literally, without being on good terms with whoever controls Moscow.

But precisely those areas are vitally important to whoever controls Moscow, because they will control all bulk transport to the rest of the world.

I guess China has enough money that they could make a play to become the New Best Friends of everything on the far side of Yekaterinburg.

But apart from that, it is very hard to see major slices of Russia being able to walk away, and be allowed to walk away, by whoever controls Moscow.

 Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 17:46
1446:

Oh well, since OGH gets Christianed out so easily these days, I’ll toss an alt-history out there for the D&D cognoscent to get annoyed about.

The little flea in my ear is about Buddhism. When Alexander marauded into India, he created an interesting vacuum, and Buddhism flowed west into that hole. Primarily into Persia, but there are symbols of the eight-fold path in the graveyards of Ptolemaic Egypt.

So the what-if is what would have happened if Buddhism had taken root in the classical Mediterranean? It would have been an interesting fit. In the Hellenistic period, there was a lot of thought that the old gods weren’t real (people noticing that rituals often didn’t work), and a very familiar search for new deities who did work (like Fortuna, as well as foreign imports).

I’m not clear about who all believed in reincarnation or metempsychosis in the classical world, but it certainly was present, at least as a minority view, and breaking the cycle might seem worthwhile to a lot of people who were getting tired of state cults, imperial Roman geniuses and the like.

So anyway, roll it forward a bit to the BCE/CE split. Buddhism is an established thing in the Mediterranean, Rome is going imperial, and the Mahayana movement is cranking along in India and elsewhere. Instead of Jewish messiahs as we know them, Buddhist Pure Land monks are coming out of the woodwork here and there, declaring themselves Pure Land messiahs and getting crucified for their pains. Crank forward a few more centuries and some of the Pure Landers we’re getting as active as the Ikko Ikki were in Medieval Japan ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ikk%C5%8D-ikki ).

At this point, all we have to do is throw in some New Agey Roman Druids who are practicing Celtic spirituality the same way modern Europeans hold Powwows and Rainbow Family Gatherings (complete with a solstice Wickerman), and you’ve got D&D: monks, druids, fighters, clerics, mages, and rogues. No dragons though. Gotta work on that. All starting with a few monks going west and getting lucky.

Game on?

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 27, 2024 17:48
1447:

I for one will have a large bowl of lightly salted popcorn near to hand watching CNN's live feed as those slower moving oligarchs are taught to dance on air as they decorate lampposts in Moscow

(faster moving oligarchs having confirmed Putin's demise will run-not-walk to their private jets to find safe harbor elsewhere funded by their South Dakota secretive trusts)

greed is good, if carefully limited, as motivation to work hard and create something better-cheaper-faster

but looting billions when millions (3? 5? 10?) is enough for a luxury lifestyle is just plain nasty

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 27, 2024 17:57
1448:

I for one will have a large bowl of lightly salted popcorn near to hand watching CNN's live feed as those slower moving oligarchs are taught to dance on air as they decorate lampposts in Moscow

I think most international news orgs have left Russia since 2022. They have to take the Kremlin feeds and apply smart windage to them. Plus do a lot of reading between the lines of Russian bloggers. And I'm sure there are a few secret sources but man that's a way to a quick fall out of a window these days if caught.

It is espionage or treason to say something against the official statements these days.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 18:02
1449:

early onset of computing via massively arrayed chiseled blocks[2] -- Stonehenge spread out exponentially across all Europe fir thousands of miles along lei lines -- giving rise to IBM[1] mainframes endlessly cycling prayers for humanity's collective betterment as well applying synthetic biology-based quasi-genetic algorithms to proactively evolve superior prayers

resulting in an early version of the internet to help humanity to "become one with everything"

====

[1] IBM == International Buddha Meditative

[2] integrated chips

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 18:06
1450:

Aside from Eh Gaxy Gigar's original attempt at making (A)D&D Xtian, and the Druid AD&D class, most people who choose to play "religious" characters adopt some form of pantheistic paganism IME (often based on Egyptian, Greek, Norse or Roman).

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 18:07
1451:

Not that anyone much cares for this kind of AltRoman x D&D thing..but it occurs to me that one way to make druidry more interesting in this scenario is to make it more like the African Diaspora religions of the New World: Voodoo, Santeria, Candomble and the like. In other words, it’s the pagan practices of rural slaves, northern refugees displaced by migrating nomads who’ve been settled into Colonia, escaped slaves hiding in the woods, that sort of thing. Just swap light skin and red hair for more modern black skin and kinky hair, and think it through….

 Greg Tingey | June 27, 2024 18:52
1452:

SS
Yes, well - Vote DALEK!

Troutwaxer @ 1431
Not too sure about that, but it seems to be a classic example of a "Short Victorious War" Putin had lost by day 3, as similarly< Imperial Germany had lost, b the moment that the Battle of the Marne started ... though it took another 4 years,3 months & how many millions dead .....
Putin's war is now somewhere after the battle of Verdun, but before the St Mihiel offensive of spring 1918.
Which shows, incidentally what an utter bugger/fuckwit Farrago is - claiming that it's a stalemate & Ukraine should sue for peace.

which leads to Nojay @ 1432
AIUI, the Rouble is really not in a good state at the moment? And, as '14-18 showed, sanctions take TIME.

H
Um. Disagree - a "prophet" is one who doesn't get caught-&-killed by the authorities, as far as I can see!

Bobh
Except that islam also has (more than one) tradition of theocratic totalitarianism, as we know, don't we?

H
Until the Enlightenment, there was no split between Church and State
WRONG: Never heard of the Lollards, or the Hussites?
Certainly in England, the Lollards were supported by one "party" ( The Yorkists) & the RC backlash/clampdown, supporting the Lancastrians & then the early Tydders was part of this pattern.

Howard NYC @ 1438
CANNOT read that in this country!

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | June 27, 2024 18:52
1453:

»I think most international news orgs have left Russia since 2022.«

They were never a big thing to begin with.

Historically the major independent source of news from the non-Moscow part of USSR and Russia were the operators of the Great Northern Telegraph infrastructure, and they only covered a pretty random line through that vast area.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 27, 2024 20:15
1454:

For the majority of the people in the US there is confusion over the changing country. To their parents and earlier the world was mostly ordered and repetitive.

Was it, though? My grandfather went from horse-drawn carriages in London to watching a man walk on the moon. From women not being able to vote to seeing a woman as prime minister. My parents saw Russia go from enemy to ally to enemy in a few years. They lived through the greatest change in British society in generations.

Was America so different? In the 20th century you went from pitched battles between labour and companies (complete with machine guns and the army being deployed against strikers) to a president stating that increasing union membership was a sign of American industrial strength to another president vilifying organized labour. From arsenic as a legal ingredient for children's candies to the idea that the federal government can regulate food safety.

I'm old enough to have seen a lot of changes (got grandniblings, after all), and yet I wonder at how people who long for the "good old days" have no idea what those days were actually like and somehow think they were timeless — because the once constant in my (and my parents' and grandparents') life has been change. Mostly good change, and I say that as a white male — if I was female or non-white the changes would have been even better.

But leaving aside the question of whether the changes were good, there have always been changes. People who yearn for s simpler unchanging past are yearning for an imaginary world, not the one that was actually there.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 27, 2024 20:46
1455:

Howard NYC @ 1438:

https://youtu.be/tkAqwHiAR-g

a British ex-pat digs into the mess in a manner accessible to people who are surprised there's any land on the other side of the Atlantic

John Oliver For The (Snarking) Win!

Brutal!

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 20:47
1456:

Unfortunately, they didn't give them enough trouble.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Ed Seedhouse | June 27, 2024 20:50
1457:

Of course, if he said that, he could just as well meant we were all God's children, as said deity created us all.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 27, 2024 20:55
1458:

The price of rye bread - ouch. DC and 'burbs ain't cheap, I assure you, but I go to this Jewish supermarket, and get a 2 lb loaf for $5.99. And it's definitely better than the national brands.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | June 27, 2024 21:07
1459:

Jetpacks, please! Then the median intelligence will rise, as the idiots fly into houses, trees, and buildings, and kill themselves off.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | June 27, 2024 21:10
1460:

With that flooding, and the island nation of Vanuatu(?) in danger of going under, I am reminded of Woody Allen's second movie. He took an Asian spy thriller and cut the soundtrack, inserting his own. The plot concerned this nation who are all living on this one large ship, and wanted to trade the perfect recipe for chicken salad to the UN in exchange for somewhere to live...

 whitroth replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 27, 2024 21:13
1461:

Let me add that Muslims consider Yeshua to have been a prophet, as well.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 27, 2024 21:45
1462:

there's a second rate wheat loaf 24 oz for $3.49... $2.32 a pound... but that's food... not ethnic soul food... and trying not to imagine how awful things are for folks living on thinner margins than myself

I'm trying to grasp just how utterly indifferent these greedy corporations are... not trying to hide it... and many CEOs actively bragging about 'greedflation' when communicating with Wall Street analysts and large institutional investors

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 27, 2024 22:23
1463:

»Was it, though? My grandfather went from horse-drawn carriages in London to watching a man walk on the moon.«

Yes, and try as we might, if we are born before 1980, we cannot intellectualize an understanding of the mental state of people born thereafter.

I say this because one of my regular duties is to try to guide visitors through the impact of "the digital revolution" in datamuseum.dk, and the more you know, the more dramatic it seems.

I could write at length about this, but I will restrain myself to two things:

First your grandfather grew up with childhood friends who all lived within a couple of km radius, as did you and I.

If you were born after 1990, you had childhood friends all over the country, and as soon as you learned more languages: All over the world.

Second: How many times in your life did you think "If I die here, nobody even knows where to look for my corpse" ?

It was a real risk, and therefore we mitigated it, almost without thinking about it: We left a copy of our planned route in the hotel room. We wrote name, nationality, date & time in the guestbook in the shelters, or we left it on a piece of paper under a stone, if there were no guestbook.

Computers and telecommunication has /fundamentally/ changed our relationship with time and space, and try as we might, we will never get an intuitive grasp of how the post-1990 generations perceive time and space, because our own formative years were /so/ different from theirs.

This is why most parents and grandparents fail to understand why Kids These Days™, experience a dead mobile phone as traumatizing sensory deprivation.

Scolding them "Pull yourself together!" is not very helpful, for somebody who has never been that isolated before, for someone who has been under constant (presumably benevolent) surveillance, every single minute of their entire life.

So yes, being born after 1990 is probably even more different than you can even imagine.

 JohnS | June 27, 2024 22:55
1464:

So, back to DIY ...

I had to install additional cabinets in my new kitchen because there just was NOT enough counter space/storage. It's gone fairly well so far.

There's an old adage among carpenters & DIYers ... "Measure twice, cut once!" I decided to go one better and measured three times to locate the pulls for the base cabinet doors, so the holes for the mounting screws are perfectly spaced & the door pull is EXACTLY 1-1/2" down from the top of the door & over EXACTLY 1-1/2" from the door edge ... on the hinge side 😢

At least I only made that mistake once ...

 Retiring replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 27, 2024 22:56
1465:

So yes, being born after 1990 is probably even more different than you can even imagine.

Much like 1890. Telephones, electric lights, radio, moving pictures, automobiles, airplanes!

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Retiring | June 27, 2024 23:05
1466:

Okay, now do that for 1780 vs. 1680. Yes, some differences: but far fewer than betwixt 1880 and 1780, let alone 1880 and 1980.

If you go back before roughly 1600, in most places there were relatively few differences between one century and the next, for most people -- modulo the odd war or famine, and slow-changing fashions in clothes, change was very slow: a generation might see as much change as we expect in 12 months.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 27, 2024 23:41
1467:

One of my friends was born after 1980. We tried showing her Dr. Strangelove and the only joke she got was "You can't fight in her, this is the war room!"

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Nojay | June 27, 2024 23:46
1468:

I'm sorry. The U.S. survived the 1960s? In what form? And might those issues be reverberating today?

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 27, 2024 23:46
1469:

Can you mention some jokes which are really obvious to us, but went completely over her head?

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 27, 2024 23:55
1470:

Just for starters...

“I can no longer sit back and allow Communist infiltration, Communist indoctrination, Communist subversion, and the international Communist conspiracy to sap and impurify all of our precious bodily fluids.”

“Mister President, we must not allow a mine shaft gap!”

"Mr. President, I'm not saying we wouldn't get our hair mussed..."

And she didn't get the cold-war mindset at all. That lived experience just wasn't in her.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 27, 2024 23:57
1471:

The U.S. survived the 1960s? In what form?

better than what people are fantasizing about having happen to russia, at least

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 28, 2024 00:09
1472:

When I saw "Dr. Strangelove" back in 1980's, the "precious bodily fluids" went over my head because at the time I had not yet heard about Joseph McCarthy using that phrase. The other two lines I am pretty sure I understood, but did not think they were particularly funny. Come to think of it, I thought that as a comedy, the movie was pretty lame.

Perhaps already then (I was born in 1966) my mindset was not quite what Stanley Kubrick was aiming for.

 Moz replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 28, 2024 00:35
1473:

your grandfather grew up with childhood friends who all lived within a couple of km radius

That's ... kind of true, for many people. Some of us have grandparents who either emigrated or were migrated, either as children or not long after. Others were semi-nomadic* so that's for quite large values of "couple of kilometres".

There were also a surprising number of travelling jobs even when horses and walking were the way of things. But for the most parts kid moved much less often than now. 40% of Australians have moved house within the last five years. But there were always exceptions - my grandfather went from being the son of a surveyor and the family moved every few years, to being a bank employee who got promoted and moved about the country every few years. His wife/my grnadmother grew up on the farm her father grew up on and across the ridge from the farm her mother grew up on. Then some bugger built and dam and for a while the farmhouse was on top of a ridge because the dam builders moved it. But that grandfather is remarkable precisely because he moved about. FWIW his father and brother (my great-uncle) were farmers and farmed the same block of land right up until they planted houses on it.

https://www.abs.gov.au/statistics/people/housing/housing-mobility-and-conditions/latest-release

(* nomadism* is incompatible with modern government and it's often very difficult to raise children as nomands.) (* defined as "without a house" rather than as "with a mobile home" because at least in Australia the "wherever I lay my hat" version of a home works surprisingly well* and a hat very definitely is not a house) (* modern land and property ownership is violently incompatible with this lifestyle as well, so "surprisingly wel" kind of means 'people who live this way are not deliberately killed as often as a naive view might expect')

 Moz replied to this comment from Moz | June 28, 2024 00:39
1474:

Sorry the footnotes got butchered, I didn't realise just how markdown would interpret ( and * characters.

Also, this is something I have experienced due to my occasional periods bicycle touring and being "technically unhoused" (viz, with no permanent address and no right to occupy any dwelling. BUT I always had money, so that made it ok. And I'm white, even more so). While doing that I've met less white people, with less money, who lived an equivalent life but with many more official obstacles.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 28, 2024 00:48
1475:

It sounds like I've got a couple years on you. And of course the movie gets funnier as you learn more about the era. I thought it was funny at twelve, but when I watched it again at 20 I thought it was hilarious!

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 01:05
1476:

Change over time....

It jumps, like going from eating wild boar to eating potatoes in England (there were maybe 200 years when you could conceivably have eaten both, including the reintroduction now). Things like the printing press made a permanent difference. So did the Romans introducing rabbits to the British isles, or the whole Columbian crop exchange (potatoes, sweet potatoes and corn were responsible for a population boom when they hit Eurasia, for example). And there's the whole thing about colonial tea and sugar (and coffee, and chocolate, and cotton, and...). Change doesn't happen very evenly.

And there's the things we don't normally think about. I'm cleaning out my mom's house right now, and she didn't throw much out. So I've got the boards she used to make a brick and board bookcase when she was in college. They're clear heart redwood, been sitting around for 60 years. When she bought them they were cheap wood from a local shop. Now they're around $100 per board foot, because almost no old growth redwoods are harvested any more. Now I get to figure out what to do with them. My dad's old fishing tackle box has these enormous ocean fishing lures. When he was in his 20s they were perfectly appropriate. Not many fish that big left now. And so it goes. At least the whale oil lamp was a cheap reproduction, bought ironically.

I think the thing that most concerns me about now is planned obsolescence. The Casio FX 702p calculator that's almost 45 years old still works (as do the slide rules that are decades older), but the phone that's five years old is bricked (telecom went out of business). I've been told by my family that old media shall be digitized and discarded. I'm suuuuure it's going to last longer that way. But whatever.

And I think that's the point right now: change is fast, but it's not necessarily in a good direction. We all have to watch out for that. Maybe it's a good idea to take kids to phoneless areas so that they develop some disconnected skills while they still can?

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 01:14
1477:

Much like 1890. Telephones, electric lights, radio, moving pictures, automobiles, airplanes!

Yes, things are changing very fast and at an accelerating rate. Back somewhere on the blog someone expressed it as "history is now decorrelating every dozen years". That is, politics, science, important technology change on that timescale and cannot be predicted from where things were a dozen years ago. We've got about six or seven decorrelation times to go before hitting 2100 CE

 paws4thot replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 28, 2024 05:06
1478:

Similar feelings about Dr S being "not funny", but partly because I realised even then just how low my chances of actually surviving a Soviet First Strike event were, living within 15 miles of 5 probable targets.

 Damian | June 28, 2024 05:10
1479:

Maybe it's a good idea to take kids to phoneless areas so that they develop some disconnected skills while they still can?

This also brings us back to those questions: will there be a crash? How big (intensity of population decline per timescale unit)? Will it attenuate technology, accelerate it, remove anything relying on long supply trains currently, replace these with local capacities in the places that can build them, some mixture of all of these? And then... how any that disconnectedness thing?

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Damian | June 28, 2024 06:12
1480:

I think, for electronics, it’s not a societal crash we have to worry about. It’s a sufficiently large satellite breaking up, something that could happen within the next decade. Losing GPS even temporarily would be really traumatic for people who have never lived without it. See, eg, https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2024/06/satellite-big-one-low-earth-orbit-space-debris/678689/

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 06:19
1481:

Maybe it's a good idea to take kids to phoneless areas so that they develop some disconnected skills while they still can?

Why phones in particular? Might it be better to take them to no-internet or no-electricity areas instead?

There's also questions about whether holiday camps teach the same skills as living without those things longer term does. And you risk teaching kids that their parents are not very nice, as happens with certain other "camps" kids get sent to (US comedy shows seem excited about the takeaway chain 'camp' which presumably uses the "work makes you free" slogan so beloved of one side of US politics?)

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 28, 2024 06:27
1482:

»One of my friends was born after 1980. We tried showing her Dr. Strangelove and the only joke she got was "You can't fight in her, this is the war room!"«

My ex-wife was USAnian, so my daughter also got the "You will be held accountable by the Coca-Cola Company!" one too, but yes, that and many other good movies take a lot of setup to young people to get the joke.

»Maybe it's a good idea to take kids to phoneless areas so that they develop some disconnected skills while they still can?«

Never a bad idea, and why both my kids were scouts.

But it is not just that they lack some scout-badges to survive in the world we knew as children: They live in a fundamentally different world than we did, good and bad.

And yes, a lot happened between 1890 and 1990, almost all of it trivial force multipliers: News got distributed faster, transportation was faster, you could communicate faster with people 1-to-1 and so on.

But all your interactions with the world were human-to-human interactions: You called a telephone (Then: A place, Now: A person!) and hoped some human would answer it, you bought your tickets from a person, you ordered your goods from a person, you asked the reference librarian to find information.

Computer miniaturization and connectivity reintroduce roman-style slavery en masse: The person at the other end does not actually have to talk to you on the phone, because we have instant, mass-less, world-wide and free textual communication. You buy tickets from machines. You order goods from machines. Machines find information for you and so on. Machines even carry your money for you.

We even have trains driven by machines now, and the only reason why cars and planes are not there yet, is that we have not fenced the erratic humans out of problem yet.

On the surface, that sounds just like more force-multiplication but where the automobile were ten or maybe hundred times a horse, here we are talking many orders of magnitude better, in particular the "instant, world-wide and free communication" and the "money-carrying machines" which can transact across that communication.

Most people can look at a car going 100km/h vs. a horse going 5km/h and sorta predict what that will do to a society.

But five orders of magnitude faster, practically instant, flat-rate communication, between both humans and machines ?

That is a very different world - good and bad.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | June 28, 2024 06:54
1483:

carpentry trick: cardboard template

measure (twice) then cut (once) chunk of cardboard with X for holes

hold in place with blue tape the template to wood

drill

check with tape measure for peace of mind

lather

rinse

repeat for all locations

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 28, 2024 07:02
1484:

number yer footies[2] inside square brackets[4]

type a row of four equal signs ("====")

paste in footies double spaced

[1] snark goes here

[2] a digression best be placed out of main body

[3] old fart diatribe of little interest to anyone

[4] basic ASCII character... dude who wrote the ASCII standard fifty-plus years ago just died quite recently

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 28, 2024 07:06
1485:

the "precious bodily fluids" went over my head

it's terrible when that happens

so how was the debate

i hear biden looked and sounded less than forceful at times

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 07:11
1486:

FUNFACT: old circuitboards are worth US$18,000/TON to junk dealers thanks to gold content (was US$15,000 pre-covid)

FUNFACT: new circuitboards especially from mobile phone are worth a lot more due to exotic metals

bad news in both cases?

takes a lot of rather small circuitboards to add up to a kilogram, never mind a full ton (that's a 1,000 kilograms for my fellow barbarians living in the USA)

but yeah there are folks out there doing a combo of trespass, piracy, salvage, theft, by way of seeking locations where neglected consumer products were abandoned with intact circuitboards

car radios in junkers; washer/dryer post 1970; obsolete computers post 1960; etc

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 28, 2024 07:18
1487:

"The Other Internet" a very good book

it was telegraph not telephone nor computers that was the abrupt jump in info/intel movements

from horse speed (10MPH on dry roads in daylight) to near-lightspeed (NYC to San Fran in seconds; oft required repeated send to ensure it reached so not milliseconds)

joke back then it took longer to write out the message than for it to travel a hundred miles... another... the longer the distance the faster the movement of text

but yeah... telephone another big step up... and yeah e-mail yet another... but first was telegraph

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 07:23
1488:

TYPO = other internet

CORRECTION = The Victorian Internet: The Remarkable Story of the Telegraph and the Nineteenth Century's On-Line Pioneers .......by Tom Standage

4Q long covid... i'm drunk-typing

 Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 08:44
1489:

Adrian Smith @ 1486
GHASTLY
From what I have already read, the "D's" are looking for a replacement ... Buttgieg ( Have I spelt that right? )
I would favour Harris, but the US is still to misogynistic for a female POTUS.

Unless we are very lucky, both France & the US are going to go fascist ... with France standing the best chance of recovering.
IF DJT wins, the USA will cease to exist as we know it, or even just "cease to exist", & really, really become a police-state autocracy, if not full-blown fascist.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 28, 2024 08:50
1490:

here is today's entry for "that was not on my bingo card"

Muslim-devout women in hijab moshing out to heavy metal

QUOTE: It might sound counterintuitive that a form of music once decried by more fringe Christian conservatives as somehow “Satanic” might be popular in a huge Muslim-majority nation. But in many ways, metal is woven into both the cultural – and political – fabric of modern Indonesia... Heavy metal music in particular, he added, has always been popular, even among “new generations of Indonesians today.”

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/27/style/voice-of-baceprot-vob-indonesia-glastonbury-heavy-metal-intl-hnk/index.html

what's next?

Roman Catholic Women Authoring Steamy Rom-Com Swords 'n Sorcery Novel?

Hasidic Jewish Men Golfing in Wisconsin... In Winter!?

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 08:57
1491:

»I would favour Harris, but the US is still to misogynistic for a female POTUS.«

Funny you should mention that: Several emails from people I know in USA this morning, all of them over the theme "Biden really /is/ too old" but not one single of them mentioning the VP or women in general.

Newsom gets more mention than Buttigieg - even by people from CA.

Best take of the lot: "Biden would become our Brezhnev"

 Moz | June 28, 2024 11:18
1492:

https://theconversation.com/irans-presidential-hopefuls-are-all-on-x-and-instagram-despite-the-fact-most-social-media-platforms-are-banned-232717

Ok, genuinely funny news from Iran. Social media is blocked and banned there, but every candidate in the current presidential election is active on some form of social media. The officials are using the officially banned stuff in public.

Which makes me wonder whether Biden has a TikTok account. I recall that Trump does, despite his demands that it be banned.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 28, 2024 11:38
1493:

I've seen UK PM Riski Biz's TikTok... utter slag and sadly funny in his team's cluelessness

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 11:55
1494:

I think there was a theory for a while that he was doing it deliberately. But it's become obvious that he's a universal fuckup rather than only strategically fucking up.

Much as I am unenthused by the current Australian federal government I'm glad we have them rather than what many other countries have. Especially now I've seen Jon Stewart's review of the US presidential whatever the hell just happened.

 Scott Sanford | June 28, 2024 11:56
1495:

Another off-topic note re the UK election, there is a piece by John Oliver (a British expat on US TV) explaining the situation to Americans. TLDW: Fourteen years, five Prime Ministers, zero leadership, and more economic problems than you remembered - most of them self inflicted. Closing quote: "Fuck off into the sun, you cunts, pigs, and weirdos."

 Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 12:13
1496:

SS @ 1495
There is hope ... The tory self-screw-up is getting to the point that the Lem-0-Crats might easily become The Loyal Opposition. Something actually useful might get done about both GW & the EU

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 12:21
1497:

GPS is safe from Kessler syndrome: the navsat constellations are redundant (most phones can long onto both the US GPS signal but also Glonass (Russian) and Galileo (EU), never mind the Indian cluster that's going up soon) and they orbit much higher than LEO, meaning Kessler debris would have a vastly lower probability of damaging them.

If you double the orbital radius you roughly cube the volume of space inside that orbit (minus the volume of Earth, which is constant). So while Kessler syndrome would poison low earth orbit for a while, it probably wouldn't reach stuff orbiting more than 10,000km out or significantly out of the plane of the ecliptic (which is most navsats).

In fact, now that I think about it -- if you want to still launch satellites after a Kessler cascade, you'll need big boosters than can do direct-ascent to high orbits, much like the way the US Space Command uses Falcon Heavy to do direct ascent to GEO for classified payloads (to stop other folks getting a good look at them on the way up). SpaceX's Starship would be perfect for that job -- in disposable mode, Starship v3 is going to be able to throw 250-300 tonnes right out of Earth orbit. (It's a stretched version of the current model's successor, already under development: bigger fuel tanks and third generation Raptors, so evolutionary rather than revolutionary.) So we're unlikely to lose access to space in event of a Kessler cascade, although it'll make some activities difficult and everything more expensive.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 28, 2024 12:37
1498:

We even have trains driven by machines now

Eh, not exactly.

While there are some driverless train systems (London's DLR has been mostly-driverless since it was built in the mid 1980s; any number of airport people-movers are driverless) they generally need purpose-built fully grade-separated track systems and also a central monitoring and control centre with human supervisors in the loop. And when it throws an exception, the default response is to stop everything until a human troubleshooter can get out to the scene.

So we're not going to see driverless trains operating on the existing track networks (which were mostly built out from the 1830s onwards) any time soon. Maybe on next-gen Shinkansen or other high speed rail networks, which have high bandwidth communications and no grade crossings (and also very high fences with alarms alongside the track to prevent incursions). But not on your boring everyday belt-and-road freight train that runs across 10,000km of China and Asia, for example. Or the US network (which is a mess).

I don't think we're ever going to have pilotless airliners for the same reason we're never going to have passengerless airliners: it's a life-safety critical role (if the airliner malfunctions you can't just pull over and call the AA) and you can't count on external comms to allow a drone pilot in a call centre to take over either (too many extra potential failure modes). A pilot on the flight deck is insurance against the automation failing, and the first officer is insurance against the pilot having a fatal stroke at the controls (which happens a few times a week).

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 13:12
1499:

there's still those hellbent upon handwaving how the Kessler syndrome will become self canceling by way of zillions 'n zillions of ever smaller bits broken off which in turn impact other smaller bits... which is the orbital eqv to climate denial

as to GEO-based equipment intercepted by wildly variant Kessler-originated bits 'n pieces... time... given enough time and an eccentric enough orbit there will be intercepts...

months? low odds

centuries? high odds

in-between? we ought find out the betting line from Las Vegas and London and Hong Kong bookies

right now my favorite chuckle is Elon Musk getting the contract to de-orbit the ISS... or will he?

all that mass... he has himself basis for his next Lair Of Villainy™ upon which to mount his Demonic Agnostic Mind Control Rays™ with Jewish Space Lasers™ and Catholic Photon Torpedoes™

 David L replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 28, 2024 13:17
1500:

When I saw "Dr. Strangelove" back in 1980's, the "precious bodily fluids" went over my head because at the time I had not yet heard about Joseph McCarthy using that phrase.

The movie's humor depends a LOT on knowing the politics of the US from WWII till when the movie was made. Plus some of the crazy hype of just what tech there was in the war fighting systems. (Much less than most thought.)

Do you know about the real life General Walker?

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 28, 2024 13:18
1501:

We even have trains driven by machines now

Eh, not exactly.

While there are some driverless train systems (London's DLR has been mostly-driverless since it was built in the mid 1980s; any number of airport people-movers are driverless) they generally need purpose-built fully grade-separated track systems and also a central monitoring and control centre with human supervisors in the loop. And when it throws an exception, the default response is to stop everything until a human troubleshooter can get out to the scene.

So we're not going to see driverless trains operating on the existing track networks (which were mostly built out from the 1830s onwards) any time soon. Maybe on next-gen Shinkansen or other high speed rail networks, which have high bandwidth communications and no grade crossings (and also very high fences with alarms alongside the track to prevent incursions). But not on your boring everyday belt-and-road freight train that runs across 10,000km of China and Asia, for example. Or the US network (which is a mess).

I don't think we're ever going to have pilotless airliners for the same reason we're never going to have passengerless airliners: it's a life-safety critical role (if the airliner malfunctions you can't just pull over and call the AA) and you can't count on external comms to allow a drone pilot in a call centre to take over either (too many extra potential failure modes). A pilot on the flight deck is insurance against the automation failing, and the first officer is insurance against the pilot having a fatal stroke at the controls (which happens a few times a week).

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 13:19
1502:

just one more reason to perfect human cloning

keeping multiple copies of Charlton Heston on standby in case Windows 2043 divides by zero aboard a 747

https://youtu.be/Q5AxvY3N4WE

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | June 28, 2024 13:21
1503:

We even have trains driven by machines now

Eh, not exactly.

While there are some driverless train systems (London's DLR has been mostly-driverless since it was built in the mid 1980s; any number of airport people-movers are driverless) they generally need purpose-built fully grade-separated track systems and also a central monitoring and control centre with human supervisors in the loop. And when it throws an exception, the default response is to stop everything until a human troubleshooter can get out to the scene.

So we're not going to see driverless trains operating on the existing track networks (which were mostly built out from the 1830s onwards) any time soon. Maybe on next-gen Shinkansen or other high speed rail networks, which have high bandwidth communications and no grade crossings (and also very high fences with alarms alongside the track to prevent incursions). But not on your boring everyday belt-and-road freight train that runs across 10,000km of China and Asia, for example. Or the US network (which is a mess).

I don't think we're ever going to have pilotless airliners for the same reason we're never going to have passengerless airliners: it's a life-safety critical role (if the airliner malfunctions you can't just pull over and call the AA) and you can't count on external comms to allow a drone pilot in a call centre to take over either (too many extra potential failure modes). A pilot on the flight deck is insurance against the automation failing, and the first officer is insurance against the pilot having a fatal stroke at the controls (which happens a few times a week).

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 13:28
1504:

from horse speed (10MPH on dry roads in daylight) to near-lightspeed (NYC to San Fran in seconds; oft required repeated send to ensure it reached so not milliseconds)

Not quite that much of a jump: you missed out the optical telegraph, which was in service from 1792 and allowed Napoleon to get orders and reports from one side of the French empire in Europe to the other in a matter of single-digit hours and remained in use until the 1850s. Much slower and more labour-intensive and costly than the electrical telegraph but it was an enormous step-change in signaling speed.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 13:32
1505:

Howard NYC @ 1483:

Teach your granny how to suck eggs!

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 13:34
1506:

Indonesians have been into metal music for a long time.

Google “gamelan” and crank up the volume.

 Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 13:36
1507:

Incidentally, the current fuss about Starlink is about the potential damage to the ozone layer caused by de-orbiting 50-250 tons of mostly-aluminum satellites every year, resulting in a lot of metal vapour at high altitude.

For those who're worried about this, bear in mind that the metal in question is mostly structural. And the Japanese space agency is testing a possible solution in September, in the shape of LignoSat, a test satellite where the structural material is magnolia wood (they've already run long-duration tests of structural samples on the ISS).

Given that wood is readily oxidizable, a comsat cluster built using this technique would reduce the high-altitude metal dispersal by upwards of 90%.

So no, the sky is not necessarily falling.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 13:49
1508:

Was it, though?

Same life day to day.

Yes it was. Day to day. But also no it wasn't. Piling onto PHK and Charlie's comments.

The tech my grandfather worked with and saw changed dramatically during his life. 1885-1982. He went from horse to model T to ICE trucks/tractors and such for his farm. And the land was settled by his great (x2 or 3) grandfather in 1824. I lived on some of that dirt for 10+ years and have second cousins still living on it.

He got up in the morning most of his life to the same day. Milk cows or have a paid hand do it. Plant, tend, or harvest crops. Deal with needed supplies. Buy animals. Breed and slaughter them. Sell the meat. Raise chickens for eggs and meat. And so on. And was doing it until he was 92. Oh, church on Sunday.

My father went to a school built in 1922. Ditto my mother. 12 grades. I went to some of the exact same classrooms 30-40 years later.

Even by the 60s when we got Newsweek or Time, most of our news was 30 min to an hour daily (but with commercials) on the local TV station. A daily afternoon newspaper. 20 to 40 pages but with well over 1/2 of that ads. National news outside of what the local paper editors wanted to print was 15 minutes of national TV with commercials.

The 60s were a shock but it settled down a bit. Then cable TV hit. Then 24 hour news channels. Then the Internet.

Prior to that the tech changes made life very different in getting work and life done but didn't change the basics of WHAT you did. Or why. The changes of the 80s and 90s changed society and daily life. Totally.

Prior to that most of us had a horizon of the 5 to 50 miles around us. After that it was the entire planet. All kinds of people suddenly "showed up" who didn't act, think, dress, or believe like like those in our prior horizon. And they didn't fit into the preconceived slots we had all been raised to understand.

If you want to see a movie example of this watch the last episode of "Band of Brothers". It is an episodic 8 part or so WWII movie that follows Easy Company of the 101st Airborne from training till VE day. Based on a book by Richard Winters. And not a "War Is Glorious" story. There are two great scenes at the end. One of a German General saying good by to his remaining men. But the one I'm leading up to is Winters talking about what happened to the survivors of Easy Company. How they went back to driving a taxi, tending a farm in Arkansas, becoming a lawyer, etc... The point being that even after fighting the Germans in Europe they were able to go back to the life they had hoped to live. And for most it was simple and they could ignore the world they had seen in those WWII years.

Now that is not just possible unless you become a near hermit.

Now what I've written is based on life outside of NYC, Boston, Philadelphia, and Chicago in the US. But I'm guessing it was similar in Europe and other parts of the world. But different.

 Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 14:09
1509:

Erm, Charlie 1498 = 1501 = 1503 ????

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 14:18
1510:

If you go back before roughly 1600, in most places there were relatively few differences between one century and the next

And you're back before there was an America. I was questioning David's statement that:

For the majority of the people in the US there is confusion over the changing country. To their parents and earlier the world was mostly ordered and repetitive.

From what I know about American history, the country has always been changing, and I doubt that it was as ordered and repetitive as the current generation thinks it was.

I kept running up against this with younger colleagues; they had no concept of what the world was like when I was their age and how much change I've seen. They didn't understand the threat of nuclear annihilation during the cold war. They didn't understand how limited your options were if you weren't a white male. Etc. To them those were ancient times, back when people drove horse-drawn wagons before they were born, and the modern world had always been the way it was when they were in school and started to learn about it.

Toffler wrote Future Shock in 1970 about the rapid pace of change and its effect on society, so commenting on it goes back at least that far. I would argue that mid-century America saw just as big a change as we are seeing now: working conditions changed enough that ordinary blue collar workers could afford their own detached house with a stay-at-home wife, something that was previously affordable only to well-paying white collar workers. Multi-generational households, roommates, scrimping on food, etc was normal a hundred years ago (just as it's becoming normal again).

And I'm back to my working-class grandfather. Grew up when horses were the primary transportation within London. By the time he moved to Canada to live with us air travel was common and cheap enough that ordinary people flew to other continents for fun, when back in his youth only the rich could afford the time (and money) to travel across oceans for fun, while the poor did it only when emigrating. You could pick up a telephone and talk to your relatives across the world, while in his youth you wrote letters and waited for a reply, and emigrating meant you would never hear their voice again.

Another large factor is uncertainty. The world right now is uncertain, because we don't know how things are going to work out. History is certain, because we know how events unrolled. We know what was important and what wasn't. So when looking at the past we discount all the uncertainly and distractions that people living then experienced. We know there wasn't a nuclear war. We know that the civil rights movement made major changes and the country didn't end. We know the country pulled through the Great Depression. We know that order didn't collapse in 1967. And so on. I'm certain there's a scholarly term for this 'certainty in hindsight', and that people brighter than me have looked at the subject.

 Vulch replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 14:18
1511:

BBC version. Voice of Baceprot played Glastonbury at 11:30 this morning (Friday) on the Woodsies stage and the set may become available on iPlayer in the next few days, region restrictions permitting.

 Scott Sanford replied to this comment from JohnS | June 28, 2024 14:22
1512:

There's an old adage among carpenters & DIYers ... "Measure twice, cut once!" I decided to go one better and measured three times to locate the pulls for the base cabinet doors, so the holes for the mounting screws are perfectly spaced & the door pull is EXACTLY 1-1/2" down from the top of the door & over EXACTLY 1-1/2" from the door edge ... on the hinge side 😢

At least I only made that mistake once ...

Not that long ago I was called over to another work site to cover an unscheduled shortage of people; it was a longer commute but no great inconvenience. One of my duties there was to make coffee in the mornings. Someone in the evenings would empty and wash out the big pots; I had to lug them out of the sink and back into the coffee machines, load up the coffee, and push the start button. No big deal.

On the very first morning of doing this I had a learning experience. After someone at night opened the valves and drained the contents, it's important that the morning person close the valves before starting the coffee making process and wandering off to the next room.

One of my coworkers sympathized after the fact, "Oh, yeah. Everyone's done that." But I only did it once.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Troutwaxer | June 28, 2024 14:23
1513:

And of course the movie gets funnier as you learn more about the era.

That's true of a lot of comedy (and satire). I didn't understand a lot of the Goon Show and Flanders and Swan until I learned more about Britain in the 1950s.

 JohnS | June 28, 2024 14:33
1514:
At least I only made THAT mistake once ...

Y'all missed the punchline. 🙃

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 14:47
1515:

From what I know about American history, the country has always been changing, and I doubt that it was as ordered and repetitive as the current generation thinks it was.

For most people in the US and I suspect Canada out side of big cities, the details of how they led their lives kept changing. Yes.

But their social lives pretty much stayed the same. Who they were likely to marry. Where (within a few miles) they were likely to live. Who they would see at church. Etc... They might talk via phone instead of a meeting at the feed store but it was still mostly the same folks.

This started changing a bit after WWII due to the US military service of vast swaths of US males. But it really didn't start changing until comm tech made the world smaller. Movies might show a rural Paducah boy (me) what an "American in Paris" might look like in the 1960s, but it was also more of a fantasy that reality. Cause after I came out of one of the two movie theaters in town, reality had not changed. I was still in the same area where my family had lived basically the same lives since 1824.

Let's see. My father went into business with a friend who was married to the pastor's daughter. His financier was the father of my 6th grade teacher and also owned a local lumber yard. And all of us were at the same church. I mowed fields for someone who went to grade school (preteen) with my grandfather in the 1890s. My kids saw none of those kinds of local community ties.

So to PHK's point, life before 1990 was rapidly changing in HOW we did things but we still mostly did the same things. Socially. After 1990-2000, social norms just blew up.

And that is driving the politics of this decade.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 14:50
1516:

and you can't count on external comms to allow a drone pilot in a call centre to take over either (too many extra potential failure modes).

Off the record (with permission many times) drone pilots talk about losing contact for a few seconds to a few minutes at times. Most times the drones are in a mode where they can just keep going or put themselves in a "safe" mode. But not always.

I don't think I want to be a passenger on a flight like that.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 15:05
1517:

The changes of the 80s and 90s changed society and daily life. Totally. Prior to that most of us had a horizon of the 5 to 50 miles around us. After that it was the entire planet.

I guess I was different. I had relatives in England and Holland and New Zealand and a friend in Japan during the 70s.

Looking at a population histogram, over half of Americans now alive were born after 1980. I work with people in their 20s whose parents were born in the late 70s, so were children during the 80s. That's two generations who grew up during/after the changes of the 80s and 90s.

And if you're not a white male, those changes in the 60s might well have changed what you were allowed to do, which is a pretty damned big change.

My parents were the first in their families to go to university. They were the first to be able to go, because they had the good fortune to be born at the right time and so when they did well on their A-levels their university was paid for (thanks to the Labour government after WWII, which also started the NHS). A whole generation of working-class Britons had their horizons opened — for those young people it was a massive change, having access to information and opportunities they were previously shut out of. The jump from 'local lending library' to 'university research library' is massive.

I'm not arguing that the world hasn't changed in the last 40 years, but I am arguing that those changes aren't uniquely transforming.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 15:19
1518:

I'm not arguing that the world hasn't changed in the last 40 years, but I am arguing that those changes aren't uniquely transforming.

I guess we disagree. I think your recent ancestors were more of an exception than the usual.

In my western KY school system, non whites showed up in 1964. Before that they were educated (sort of) in a very crappy setup separate from the rest of the county. I was going into the 5th grade. When I left public schooling in 1972 there were no non whites in STEM. And only one freshman girl in band. So 4 years of band with 100+ kids each year and only 1. Yet our class graduated with 10+% non whites. But the essence had not changed. Now 4 years later with my brother he graduated with 1 in STEM. But still.

While thinking about this let me tell you how a young couple would get a mortgage for their first home in in most of the US in the 70s and even the 80s. They might have been married for a few years. He a not too long out of school accountant or maybe engineer. She working as a grocery clerk or maybe as a office clerk in an accounting or engineering office. They'd show up at the bank and talk to the loan officer who had gone to school with their parents. Or maybe was the scout troop leader for one of their fathers. He'd collect information and call some friends asking about the upstandingness of this couple if they knew them.

Now take today. But let's roll the clock back to that same time. A couple making $80K to $150K together, living together, planning to be married in a few years are looking to buy a house. Maybe they have a baby. They put down an offer and go to the same banker. The banker politely takes their information. Then he calls the parents and wants to have a meeting. Then he calls his priest or pastor and asks if giving this couple a mortgage is a sin. Maybe mortal. And he calls his manager and asks if they are even allowed to write this mortgage. Or want to do so.

Life has changed. And not everyone likes it.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 15:28
1519:

Looking at a population histogram, over half of Americans now alive were born after 1980. I work with people in their 20s whose parents were born in the late 70s, so were children during the 80s.

Yes. Political pundits need to stop talking about how today's R's are not like Reagan. Most have absolutely no idea of what that means. Except as a slogan.

I graduated public school in 1972. My wife in 1975. I have 2 kids aged 32 and 34. They MIGHT have kids in a few years. People I graduated from public school with are now having GREAT grand children. And all living within 20 miles of where we grew up.

We obviously took different paths. And have different views of life and the planet.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 15:36
1520:

For most people in the US and I suspect Canada out side of big cities, the details of how they led their lives kept changing. Yes. But their social lives pretty much stayed the same.

Despite our reputation (and self-image), Canada has been a majority-urban country since about 1920. America made that switch even earlier. Small town life has been a minority experience in North America for over a century.

Bowling Alone came out in 2000, based on a 1995 essay, and chronicles the decline in the kind of civic connections you mentioned since the 1950s, and IIRC mentions 1965 as the year the change accelerated. The Middletown studies from the 1920s are interesting too, documenting how new technologies (radio, cheap automobiles) changed people's lives and how they behaved. I haven't read them in years, but IIRC they discuss the same idea just putting the change point earlier.

https://archive.org/details/in.ernet.dli.2015.156473/

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Middletown_studies

 David L replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | June 28, 2024 15:37
1521:

so how was the debate

I just read this comment. I think it sums it up.

"Plenty of people—from all over the political spectrum—are nervous about this year’s debates, but they’re not nervous that their candidate won’t have the right policy response. They are nervous that one candidate or the other might walk to the microphone and order the value meal with extra fries or fall down the steps of the platform."

I haven't yet watched them. I had planned to for the first time in decades but I got a go to bed splitting headache yesterday afternoon and slept through them. From what I've heard, I may not watch them as I might throw something through the TV screen.

 Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 15:42
1522:

I'm not arguing that the world hasn't changed in the last 40 years, but I am arguing that those changes aren't uniquely transforming.

I respectfully disagree, because of exponential growth. The world human population has already doubled during my lifespan, and it’s likely to triple before I die. That’s nothing, you might say, because it quadrupled during my grandmother’s lifetime (1.6-6.2 billion), but the fact that there are so many people does actually matter. We didn’t used to worry about globally running out of potassium or phosphorus, for example. In the early 1900s, we did worry about running out of nitrogen for two billion people, but nitrogen fixation not only kicked that can down the road, it made high explosive, machine gun warfare available to the masses. So now we have to worry about nitrogen for eight billion instead.

The basic point is that technologies that are minimally impactful when a few people do them—hunting whales, jet setting, or using social media, to pick examples—do have severe impacts when a lot of people do them. And we’re at the point when a lot of people do everything.

It’s hard to see that in individual experiences, but it’s easier to see it in aggregate.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 15:45
1523:

People I graduated from public school with are now having GREAT grand children. And all living within 20 miles of where we grew up.

How common is that in America?

It's not common in Canada, outside small towns (minority of the population). And in those towns the ones staying are generally the ones who didn't get much post-secondary education.

 Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 15:48
1524:

Just as a palate cleanser, some wag posted this on FacePie:

“ I believe Louisiana is right to require this be posted in every classroom: Ph'nglui mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn!”

Wasn’t me! I just reposted it.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 16:05
1525:

Small town life has been a minority experience in North America for over a century.

Yes. And no. Most of the people living in places like Chicago and Atlanta really lived in the burbs. And while their life was NOT "down on the farm" it was not urban life. At all.

I spent the 80s working with Independent Property Causality Insurance agents from around the US. Our little software company (2 of us wrote 90% of the code) was the biggest player in this market. So I got to see a varied mix of people from all over. And most were "living in the past" even then. Even the younger ones. There were very few unmarried couples involved. And only one or two "gay" owners. (And we got to know our user base fairly well.) From young hungry guys in their 20s to firms founded by holocaust survivors. And one firm founded by one of the Four Horsemen of Notre Dame football fame. And 10% of our 2500 sites were in Canada. (Which in the 80s led to all kinds of fun with metric, French, and MDY vs YMD. Not everyone agreed with the mandated changes.)

 alantyson | June 28, 2024 16:09
1526:

The conversation around generational skills is interesting to me, as I (having been born in 1987) feel like I'm one of the babies in the room (a nice change of pace for me, since my usual social scene in the tabletop RPG world has me interacting largely with people born after 2000, which makes me feel positively decrepit when I think about it for too long).

I propose an experiment/parlor game for y'all: give me a list of skills that you consider to be life-essential, and I'll see if I, an elder millennial, either have that skill, or can puzzle it out from first principles.

 MaddyE replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 16:17
1527:

My Mum was kind of like that. After her stint in the WRNS in WWII, she joined Royal Dutch Shell. In 1948 she went to Egypt with Shell and worked there off and on until we returned finally to the UK in 1963. She met my father in Egypt; he was born in Alexandria, and the family had Belgian nationality (long story). My parents found it incredibly hard to adjust to life in the UK when they moved back; Mum's politest comment was that people were so parochial. My father never adjusted to life in England; in the end, they separated and he moved to France.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from alantyson | June 28, 2024 16:23
1528:

I propose an experiment/parlor game for y'all: give me a list of skills that you consider to be life-essential, and I'll see if I, an elder millennial, either have that skill, or can puzzle it out from first principles.

Being able to drive a car without a backup camera. Ideally, being able to drive a stick shift without a backup camera.

Being able to navigate from a paper map. For extra fun, being able to navigate from a topographic map or an aerial photograph. Being able to use a compass for navigation.

Being able to write cursive, draft with pencil and paper, and sharpen a pencil.

 alantyson replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 16:37
1529:

Being able to drive a car without a backup camera. Ideally, being able to drive a stick shift without a backup camera.

Drive without a backup camera, check. My current car does have a backup, but my first car, a Jeep, had none, and so that's what I learned on. The camera is nice, but I always do the lean-and-check before pulling out anyway.

The Jeep was a manual, so I never learned to drive a stick, but in fact my sister, five years my junior, can drive a stick because her first car was a manual.

Being able to navigate from a paper map. For extra fun, being able to navigate from a topographic map or an aerial photograph. Being able to use a compass for navigation.

This is a fun one for me. So when I first got my license in 2005, the first in-car GPS were just coming on the market. I was never taught to read or use a road map, because although my first car was a hand-me-down, my parents sprung for a then-brand-new Garmin. The Garmin worked great... until a year and a half later, I was driving through North Carolina (where I had no friends and had never driven through before) and a rockslide cut the interstate off. I had to stop into a gas station and, lucky me, they did have a local road map that I could stare at for half an hour, plan a route and a backup, and after some trial and error, managed to find my way back to the interstate... and left the Garmin off until I got to my destination in Savannah, GA, because I was actually pretty proud of being able to pull that off. Incidentally, I couldn't have pulled that if without a compass (a digital one on my dashboard, but still), so I'll give myself that point, too.

I think I could navigate from a topographic map, but then, I was a weird kid who stared at maps for fun, and now I make fantasy geofiction maps, so I may be uniquely familiar with how they work and how to read them. Aerial photograph... hmmm. That might be more of a dice-roll for me.

Being able to write cursive, draft with pencil and paper, and sharpen a pencil.

My handwriting is simply wretched, but I do know the cursive letters. My usual note-taking style is a very cramped corruption of school-rules cursive.

In terms of drafting, are we talking technical drawing? I can pull that off, but I'm an art-school dropout, so maybe not the best generational example of that ability.

Sharpening a pencil, sure! I actually prefer to use a knife than a sharpener, it's easier on my carpals.

 David L replied to this comment from alantyson | June 28, 2024 16:39
1530:

give me a list of skills that you consider to be life-essential, and I'll see if I, an elder millennial, either have that skill, or can puzzle it out from first principles.

Hard to do for current skills. We tend to use them without thinking.

US centered, skills no longer needed by most that I have.

Changing brakes (drum or disk) on a car.

Changing spark plugs on a mower or auto.

Setting dwell and timing on an engine.

Manual transmission (best way to keep a car from being stolen in the US just now is for it to have a clutch).

Overhaul an engine

Plumbing work.

Carpentry (not wood working)

Electrical work around the home

Change a tire. Off a car or off a rim.

Use a socket set and/or impact wrench / torque wrench / etc...

Long division?


After seeing H's list


backup a wagon steered by the tongue attached to a tractor or car. I got to razz my son in law when he couldn't backup a hand trailer the other day.

At least READ cursive.

Things that a upper end person needs to know or should know today but many don't.

How to set up wireless networking without making a mess of it. Understanding how Wi-Fi can be blocked / interfered.

Pump gas

Pick a cell phone plan

Pick an Internet service

If you want to fly - deal with TSA (Global Entry, Pre-Check, etc...)

Pay for things with a phone, watch, etc... (dozens of options here)

Understand streaming channels

Understand the difference between email, messages, texting, and other choices. And please don't call them all the same thing.

Understand that communications within most countries is free.

Books don't always mean paper

Music doesn't have to be physical

Understand personal insurance and why you might need what kind

book a ride with Uber, Lyft, or similar

And more I'm sure.

 David L replied to this comment from alantyson | June 28, 2024 16:44
1531:

I was driving through North Carolina (where I had no friends and had never driven through before) and a rockslide cut the interstate off.

Yep. Happens once a year or so on I-40 at the eastern end of the state. And it is seriously not easy to navigate the local roads there due to the verticalness of the ground. So heading east at first can take you north then west then dirt track.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 16:45
1532:

David L @ 1521:

"so how was the debate"

I just read this comment. I think it sums it up.

"Plenty of people—from all over the political spectrum—are nervous about this year’s debates, but they’re not nervous that their candidate won’t have the right policy response. They are nervous that one candidate or the other might walk to the microphone and order the value meal with extra fries or fall down the steps of the platform."

I haven't yet watched them. I had planned to for the first time in decades but I got a go to bed splitting headache yesterday afternoon and slept through them. From what I've heard, I may not watch them as I might throw something through the TV screen.

I did NOT watch the debate because there was no way for me do so without having to see Trumpolini or hear his voice.

That said, my take based on post-debate analysis I have watched is Joe Biden is still older than dirt and Donald Trump is still a narcissistic, compulsively lying PSYCHO!

 David L replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 16:45
1533:

eastern

WESTERN!!!!

Eastern end for where I grew up in Kentucky.

 Vulch replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 16:46
1534:

I was tutting myself last weekend when I realised I hadn't taken my OS maps of West Wales (visiting a school friend who I'd seen once in 45 years and that was a month ago when he came over to visit me) with me and was looking for touristing things (Aberglasney Gardens and the National Botanic Garden of Wales in the end) in the area and what likely stopping places existed on the A40 as an alternative to motorways on the way home.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from alantyson | June 28, 2024 17:01
1535:

Forgot the skill that messes with youngster's heads: being able to add, subtract, and multiply reasonably-sized numbers in your head, and being able to do fairly complex math with pen(cil) and paper.

It really annoys/frightens youngsters when I'm able to add something, reading upside-down, faster than they are able to punch the numbers in to a device.

The important, continuing use for mental math isn't showing off, it's catching math errors. Too many people trust machines to get calculations right all the time.

 peter w replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 17:10
1536:

Iran has had a female metal/punk scene for years. Balls of steel, those women.

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 17:13
1537:

It really annoys/frightens youngsters when I'm able to add something, reading upside-down, faster than they are able to punch the numbers in to a device.

Then there is the eternal (or has it ended) debate in STEM about RPN calculators. I think they are fantastic. And even have the one on my phone set up for RPN. Flipping between polar and non polar complex number math with the push of a button then doing an add of 2 polar imaginary numbers with one key was fantastic in college. But, yes, it is an edge case.

Then the other skill if you grew up and learned on a slide rule is to estimate close to the answer. Or get to things in my head by going 73% of list price which means about 1/4 off plus a smidge less. Which flat out befuddles my wife.

 David L | June 28, 2024 17:18
1538:

One thing the metric folks don't have to deal with is fractions of inches. I could go with that.

Quick 1 5/8 plus 2 3/4 minus 5/16s. Now cut that off of an 8' long board. I have to write it down.

Buying dimensional lumber. Do you want 96" studs or 93" studs? The 93" ones are to allow for the top and bottom plates to be 1 1/2" thick each for 8' ceiling heights. Before flooring and ceiling drywall. Which is why they are called 2 bys. I'm getting a headache.

 alantyson replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 17:23
1539:

US Skills:

IO can change sparks plugs on a mower, never done it on an auto. Taught myself basic plumbing, and I feel pretty confident about fixing a sink or toilet: anything more than that, I call a pro. I learned how to change a tire, but I've been lucky so far and have never had to do so in an emergency -- related, I can use a torque wrench and a socket set (thanks for the reminder, I need to replace most of my set, several seem to have gone missing). I can do long division, but it will give me the anxiety sweats -- not so much because of the math, but the memories of 8th grade. I can back up a wagon by the handle, if that's what you mean! I can at least get the gist of other people's cursive. All other skills listed, I'll admit to having minimal or no capability at the time of this writing.

Your upper end skills I can honestly say I'm mostly good on. I can setup a secure home wifi network, but never done anything more complex than that. I find I have to specify "SMS" when talking to younger friends, who consider Discord messaging the same as "texting." I'll also say that dealing with the TSA is a breeze compared to dealing with Customs and Border Patrol; twice now I've come back from Canada and had to endure a mustache-that-walks-like-a-man insisting that he can smell marijuana in my car.

 alantyson replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 17:26
1540:

That's exactly where it happened! I-40, somewhere near (but, as it happened, not near enough to) Asheville.

 David L replied to this comment from alantyson | June 28, 2024 17:28
1541:

(thanks for the reminder, I need to replace most of my set, several seem to have gone missing).

When you buy a set throw away the 10mm (and 1/2 inch) ones. Then immediately buy replacements that don't exactly fit in the case. Just get it over with.

Those are designed to walk away as soon as freed from captivity.

Personally I suspect I have 8 or more sockets sets. And finding a 10mm or 1/2 inch can be hard some days.

 alantyson replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 17:31
1542:

Mental addition, subtraction, and multiplication I'm pretty good with (I have to break out the scratch paper for division). Oddly, I've noticed my mental math has gotten better the longer I'm out of school. Less test-related stress, perhaps? More hobbies that rely on math probably, also. I've got enough instinct to usual tell when a calculator is giving me the wrong answer, even if I have no idea what the right answer is without starting the process over from scratch (and then realizing whatever silliness I did to screw up the calculator).

To my shame, I never learned to use a slide rule. And me, wanting to work at NASA as a kid. Ah, well.

 alantyson replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 17:35
1543:

And naturally, the 1/2 inch is the one you need all the damn time.

The older I get, the more I dislike that all build-at-home furniture is made with Allen wrenches, and I do wonder if that's contributing to people younger than me becoming less familiar with more versatile tools.

 David L replied to this comment from alantyson | June 28, 2024 17:37
1544:

To my shame, I never learned to use a slide rule.

In 1972 everyone in STEM has one or a few. Many of us little pocket ones for at least 2 digits.

By 1976 everyone in STEM and I mean EVERYONE was using a calculator. And arguing about HP vs TI. Enter vs. equals.

Enter key forever he says.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 17:38
1545:

Robert Prior @ 1523:

"People I graduated from public school with are now having GREAT grand children. And all living within 20 miles of where we grew up."

How common is that in America?

Hard to say. America is a pretty big place ... it's probably the majority of Boomers in the U.S., but since when is Canada not part of "America" (at least the northern bit).

New York Times did a piece on it about 10 years ago (most recent update 19 Aug 2023):

Where We Came From and Where We Went, State by State

Version from Archive Today

I don't think the alternate "Where did people who moved here come from?" view works in the Archive Today version.

In North Carolina it was: 75% stayed here, 3% moved to Virginia, 3% moved to South Carolina, 8% moved to another southern state, 5% moved to a north-eastern state, 2% moved to the mid-west, and 3% moved to the west.

Alternatively: 59% of North Carolinians were born here, 5% came from New York, 3% came from Virginia, 2% came from South Carolina, 8% came from some other north-eastern state, 7% came from another southern state, 6% came from a mid-western state, 3% came from a western state and 9% were immigrants from outside the U.S.

According to Google Maps, I live 28.7 miles from where I grew up (which was less than 5 miles from where I was born).

My old house was only 24.8 miles away from my childhood home ... don't have any great-grandchildren though.

 Troutwaxer | June 28, 2024 17:55
1546:

On the subject of skills, yes to math in my head (including the easier IP Addresses/networks/subnets which has saved my ass a time or two,) yes to using a stick, yes to changing a tire/brake pads, replacing a clutch, yes to navigating with a map, yes to navigating with the map in my head, yes to a little plumbing or carpentry, etc.

I don't know how I can be able to multiple two multi-digit numbers in my head and still have suffered from crippling math-anxiety when I was a child, but that might be parenting or teachers or something.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 18:07
1547:

Heteromeles @ 1528:

"I propose an experiment/parlor game for y'all: give me a list of skills that you consider to be life-essential, and I'll see if I, an elder millennial, either have that skill, or can puzzle it out from first principles."

Being able to drive a car without a backup camera. Ideally, being able to drive a stick shift without a backup camera.

Parallel park a manual transmission vehicle without a backup camera. Change a flat tire. Change an oil filter. Clean corrosion off of a car battery. Change a fuse.

Being able to navigate from a paper map. For extra fun, being able to navigate from a topographic map or an aerial photograph. Being able to use a compass for navigation.

Survive outdoors for 24 hours in rain/snow; gather wood & build a fire without matches; splint a broken bone, stop bleeding ...

Fry an egg. Boil an egg - soft or hard depending on demand ... poach an egg. Make at least one dish from scratch ingredients to contribute to a covered dish supper.

Being able to write cursive, draft with pencil and paper, and sharpen a pencil.

Even I can't read my own cursive writing ... but I CAN produce "technical drawings" & read blueprints (mechanical, architectural & electrical circuit diagrams) so ...

Drive a nail without bending it. Pull a bent nail without destroying the surface of the wood it's driven into. Hang a picture so that it's level when seen from across the room.

Make a bed with TIGHT hospital corners ... a quarter (or Euro coin) must bounce at least 12"/30cm.

Do anything following written instructions ... especially instructions in your language originally written in another language and converted using computer translation software.

😏

 Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 18:13
1548:

David L
Political pundits need to stop talking about how today's R's are not like Reagan. Most have absolutely no idea of what that means. As in over here, people warning of the dangers of "populism" or even outright fascism are not being listened to ... because, just like the communists: "this time will be different" - err .. no, it won't. And even people like me, born in the shadow of WWII are getting thinner on the ground, so, unless we are lucky some collection of idiots will be condemned to replay 90-year-old mistakes & consequences.

Skill-set test
Paper maps never run out of battery or signal power ... check. What's a "backup camera"? { Yes I do actually know, but have never driven with one .. } & of course my cars over the years have always been manual transmission .. addendum - can you drive one without synchromesh, or when it's synchro is shot? { i.e. Double-declutching? - very useful if yu ever have to drive an old-fashioned tractor like a grey fergie! } .... ... David L @ 1530 ...
ALL of those except removing a motor tyre from it's rim - not got the right tools or strength, anyway.
The "modern" list .. "TSA"? - you mean the USA's Zonengrenzpolizei? Err .. NO
Not only do I not understand streaming channels, I don't want to.

H @ 1535 . Yup - basic mental arithmetic & "botfp" calculations, usually as orders of magnitude.

David L @ 1538
Convert it all to 16ths (!) so it's 10 + 12 - 5 = 17/16 = 1"1/16 - bingo.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 18:18
1549:

David L @ 1531:

"I was driving through North Carolina (where I had no friends and had never driven through before) and a rockslide cut the interstate off."

Yep. Happens once a year or so on I-40 at the eastern end of the state. And it is seriously not easy to navigate the local roads there due to the verticalness of the ground. So heading east at first can take you north then west then dirt track.

Western end of the state.

Eastern end you have to figure out how you're gonna' get off the island after the hurricane created a new inlet & cut NC 12 again.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | June 28, 2024 18:28
1550:

Heteromeles @ 1535:

It really annoys/frightens youngsters when I'm able to add something, reading upside-down, faster than they are able to punch the numbers in to a device.

My math skills were never great to begin with, I always had to use pen & paper ... and they've probably atrophied in recent years, but I can still calculate correct change in my head.

... and I can get a 8-digit grid coordinate off a 1:50,000 UTM map using just my Mk 1 eyeball.

 alantyson replied to this comment from JohnS | June 28, 2024 18:29
1551:

Can't parallel park a manual, but I can PPk an automatic without a backup camera... gotta say though, the camera is nice. Can change a flat, can change an oil filter, changed a fuse once but probably would need a refresher before I did it again. Would need instruction on cleaning corrosion off a battery (though if I'm the one cleaning corrosion of my Bolt's battery, something somewhere has gone horribly wrong!).

I've survived 14 hours outside in the snow, though I'll admit I would not have wanted to go the full 24 hours. I can start a fire provided I've got some durable twine or rope handy to make a fire board... I've never been able to get the "roll a stick between your palms" trick to work, I'll admit. I wouldn't trust myself to splint a bone, but I have managed to stop bleeding on three separate occasions (I'll give myself, as a bonus, that I'm CPR certified, though it's probably time to renew the training).

Eggs recognize me as their lord and master. I will say, as an aside, that most younger folks I know (at least those who are out of college) are pretty handy in the kitchen, and that goes for all genders. I haven't yet had a bad meal letting someone younger than me cook, even if sometimes I can tell who their favorite YouTube cooking personalities are just by eating dinner (heh).

I can drive and pull a nail properly, mmm, let's say 80% of the time. I can hang a picture, and a mirror, which in some ways is harder. I can't do the tight bedcovers trick, but my wife can!

Written instructions run through a machine translation... eeeehhhh... depends on the translation, hahah.

 Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 18:30
1552:

Incidentally .. Driving on autopilot is so safe isn't it?

 David L replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 18:59
1553:

Yes. Political pundits need to stop talking about how today's R's are not like Reagan. Most have absolutely no idea of what that means. Except as a slogan.

And what many today don't realize is that in the re-election of Reagan he won 49 of 50 states and the popular vote by 54 mil to 35 mil.

As much as many hated him then and now, he had the country behind him. Unlike our choices for the last decade or so.

And even in the 1980 election he won 44 states and the popular vote 44 mil to 35 mil. (Anderson got no states and 6 mil votes.)

 David L replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 19:02
1554:

Convert it all to 16ths (!) so it's 10 + 12 - 5 = 17/16 = 1"1/16 - bingo.

Yes. Sure. In my head. On the fly. 3 separate measurements. Sweat dripping off my nose.

I'll write it down. I throw away fewer boards that way.

Now most likely my math is on a board. Maybe the one I'm cutting.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 19:58
1555:

...which failed in bad weather

and yeah electric telegraph was knocked out by storms but it operated in rain 'n fog

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 20:00
1556:

Incidentally .. Driving on autopilot is so safe isn't it?

From the article: "A California Tesla driver found themselves in the middle of an active train track after the EV’s autopilot mode allegedly mistook it for a road, leading to police issuing a “serious” safety alert."

Well, about a year ago I did exactly that myself. It was night, raining, and I mistook a train track for a road lane. I quickly recognized my error, and backed out the same way I entered the train track. So I would not laugh at Tesla FSD all that much. Also, now that this particular mishap is in Tesla's collective database, I am willing to bet it will never happen again.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 28, 2024 20:03
1557:

Wish our kitchen was that big. Since about the year after I bought the house, I've been planning to put away the kitchen table (or give it to my son - it was his mom's), and replace it with an island (well, a peninsula), cabinets with a real granit counter top. Then we'll have storage space.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 28, 2024 20:12
1558:

This is entirely the fault of the US rail networks and their regulators for not insisting on mandatory segregation of tracks -- fenced off or grade-separated should be mandatory, replace level crossings with bridges or underpasses wherever possible, and so on.

Modern rail networks make it pretty much impossible for a road vehicle to get onto the tracks. (The UK is shamefully backward and still has a number of level crossings, mostly on low traffic rural routes, but they really need to be abolished: privatization and for-profit operation set that back decades from the late 1980s onwards, with lethal consequences.)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 20:13
1559:

comedic take ==> | The Daily Show / Stewart's Debate Analysis: Trump's Blatant Lies and Biden's Senior Moments

https://youtu.be/3SJr44m-w1Y

seriously grim dissection ==> MSNBC / MADDOW

https://open.spotify.com/episode/4gCHbmHZXDQonnhs7LbLua?uid=c4a7476c6f2caaa55872&uri=spotify%3Aepisode%3A4gCHbmHZXDQonnhs7LbLua

...and both of these men are not fit for task nor going to get better in the next five months

neither of 'em are healthy enough to endure four years under the hammer

my hope is for both of 'em die on the campaign trail -- preference being T(he)Rump seen ingloriously choking on a greaseburger whereas Biden has earned himself a quiet passing in his sleep -- and their VPs end up on the ballot

no matter how it plays out in NOV, the "winner" is Vlad Putin

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from peter w | June 28, 2024 20:31
1560:

smell the the estrogen on the air... feel the estrogen supercharging the music... watch the estrogen kick arse...

 Howard NYC | June 28, 2024 20:50
1561:

SKILLZ

====

4Q paper maps

plastic/laminated maps for the win

you got something that can safely be written upon, wiped clean and thus reused for routing...

...and cannot be ruined in the rain or by a BigGulp™ MegaSized™ SugarToxic™ soft drink

remembering to frequently change batteries in alarm clocks, fire detectors, flashlights, handheld radios, etc, because disasters never happen when you expect (duh!)

====

MS EXCEL ==> pivot table; footnoting with copyright notice all tabs and pages; auditing spreadsheets to verify sum() properly covers exactly those numbers ought be totaled; graphs;

MS WORD ==> drafting formalized style manual; applying consistent stylesheets to an entire department's documents via templates and then going through historical doc's to drag 'em up to new standard;

MS VISIO ==> floor plan for 100+ cubicle farm; data center wiring; flow charts;

ENTIRE DEPARTMENT ==> all kinds of content needing to inventoried and properly arranged into consistent tree of folders; sweeping every local hard drive for contraband and misplaced drafts;

ANNUAL ==> chase down all paper-based materials and lockdown contracts and anything legal-ish; trashing those thousands upon thousands of hoarded condiment packets prior to chemical toxicity threshold crossed and kills the unwary

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 20:56
1562:

replace level crossings with bridges or underpasses wherever possible, and so on.

Actually this is a thing. And is mostly like the UK in rural areas. But it costs eye watering amounts of money to change the level of the tracks and/or roadways. Most of the time they can't shut down everything for as long as it takes. Those cute 2 day viaduct replacements on youtube don't involve a new viaduct. Like the UK a lot of these roads and tracks were put down at or when the model T was the typical auto in the US.

They are doing this nearby. The FOUR tracks were already a bump above the road levels. They raised the track about 5'. While in use. This took over a year. Like an inch a run along a mile or two of track. The inch at the center. Now they are digging the viaduct under the tracks. And moving the road a bit to the side.

If this link works the area labeled Blue Ridge Road is the future path. Still a lot of work to be done. I'm in the area at least once a month.

https://www.google.com/maps/@35.7944362,-78.7057561,200m/data=!3m1!1e3?entry=ttu

 David L replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 21:18
1563:

Oh. And for fun today, Biden held a rally in the Jim Graham building of the fairgrounds today. Zoom out just a bit and look due west.

Traffic from this are to the airport was an absolute mess is what I've heard.

PS: Word was he was energized compared to last night. Huh.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 21:27
1564:

I deliberately avoided watching the Biden/Trump debate, but I gather Biden seemed hesitant/slow while Trump just lied like a rug (so zero hesitation, he just rolled the bullshit out).

However I've seen a couple of suggestions that what slowed Biden up was not old age or dementia but a head-cold on the night.

Is that credible (or obvious bullshit)?

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 21:34
1565:

Is that credible (or obvious bullshit)?

Absolutely no idea. I was going to watch for the first time in decades. But had a severe headache between the eyes behind my nose and went to bed very early. It cleared up around 3am. If he had what I had I can see him being slow. (I was afraid it was Covid and my wife and I had just exposed a dozen or few people in an eye surgery office that afternoon. That's was going to be an ugly call this morning if so.)

Anyway the clips of him locally today showed him more on his game. And even poking fun of his performance last night based on the clip I just watched.

Actually the bad news for the country are the SCOTUS trying to get the federal government to run as if it is 1824. This is going to get ugly quickly.

 Retiring | June 28, 2024 21:34
1566:

I watched the "debate". It was pointless, and infuriating. Biden made a big mistake inviting it, and then participating in it.

But I did learn a new term: the Gish gallop. See https://substack.com/home/post/p-146071921

 Damian replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 28, 2024 21:56
1567:

It was night, raining, and I mistook a train track for a road lane. I quickly recognized my error, and backed out the same way I entered the train track.

While I didn't turn onto the tracks, I did have to stop and think about it when I found myself at this level crossing near Dubbo one time while driving from Brisbane to Melbourne. There had been a sign warning there was a stop sign ahead a hundred metres or so back. I was monitoring the GPS so I could see that my actual left turn was about 20m beyond this level crossing, which is what the stop sign (and the stop sign warning sign) was really for. And that's what made it confusing.

This was, incidentally, one of the times I found Google Maps made a somewhat questionable choice of route, having directed us off the main highway a hundred kilometres or so further north. I assume this was due to congestion or an accident, but will probably never really know.

 David L | June 28, 2024 21:57
1568:

Publishing Question for Charlie

Got an opinion on this?

https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2024/06/appeals-court-seems-lost-on-how-internet-archive-harms-publishers/

 Rocketpjs | June 28, 2024 22:08
1569:

My spouse is in a panic about the debate. My takeway is that there are very few people who are only now forming an opinion on Biden or Trump. If you are an undecided voter in 2024 you really have not been paying attention.

All the talk is about impressions. Biden wins on policy because he actually has some (other than me=good).

 JohnS replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 22:11
1570:

David L @ 1563:

Oh. And for fun today, Biden held a rally in the Jim Graham building of the fairgrounds today. Zoom out just a bit and look due west.

Traffic from this are to the airport was an absolute mess is what I've heard.

PS: Word was he was energized compared to last night. Huh.

President Biden's Remarks at Raleigh Campaign Stop Post 2024 Presidential Debate WRAL-TV

===============================================

Charlie Stross @ 1564:

I deliberately avoided watching the Biden/Trump debate, but I gather Biden seemed hesitant/slow while Trump just lied like a rug (so zero hesitation, he just rolled the bullshit out).

Paul Krugman - Biden Ended the Trump Crime Wave

"It also seems safe to predict that almost everything he says about crime (and other subjects, like the economy) will be deeply misleading, if not outright lies,"

What Kind of ‘Psycho’ Calls Dead Americans ‘Losers’ and ‘Suckers’?

However I've seen a couple of suggestions that what slowed Biden up was not old age or dementia but a head-cold on the night.

Is that credible (or obvious bullshit)?

I find it credible. The reporters I've heard say it are some that I trust. He still seems to have a runny nose & a slight cough today ...

You can also search YouTube for "Biden NC Speech" and see for yourself.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 22:17
1571:

Yes: the correct solution is for the USA to pass a Public Lending Right law, and for the Internet Archive to stop pirating books.

There's a long and acrimonious history behind the big publishers not liking libraries (they get paid once, for one physical copy of a book that 20-50 readers then get to read) and for it getting worse with ebooks (buy once, read infinitely many times) which led to them setting up DRM/license management software for library edition ebooks, so that they'd get paid for a new copy every 20-30 readers. Then the Internet Archive just said "why bother" and started pirating whatever the hell they liked, buying a single retail (not library) copy and then letting an unlimited numbers of readers download an ebook copy of it.

Bear in mind that books historically average 4-5 readers per sale because (a) some folks are collectors, and (b) lumps of paper fall apart. So historically library copies (sold to libraries at a special -- higher -- price to reflect the larger number of readers) were a thing.

What PLR systems do is, they replace high-priced "library" editions with a system whereby authors are paid a small amount per library loan -- a bit like streaming via Spotify. (I believe publishers can also register for a kickback via PLR to reflect their share of the production costs.) So the publisher/library conflict of interests goes away.

TLDR: this is a US-specific problem that can be fixed easily enough, as has happened in a lot of other countries.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 22:24
1572:

US-specific problem that can be fixed easily enough,

Excuse me while I clean up my drink from my keyboard.

NOTHING in the US can be fixed easily just now. And today's SCOTUS rulings are making it even harder.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 22:25
1573:

Scammers ... there's usually no chain to roll up, so at best, you get one scammer. If they're smart, they're running the op through an offshore call-centre, which makes getting your hands on them a job for INTERPOL and the FBI or equivalent, which is heavy lifting (the FBI are generally more interested in terrorists and serial killers).

https://gizmodo.com/interpol-fraud-scams-ftc-operation-first-light-2024-1851566535

Police around the world have arrested 3,950 people and seized assets totaling $257 million in a coordinated effort to crack down on online scams, according to a news release Thursday from Interpol. Dubbed Operation First Light 2024, the scammers engaged in a variety of online crimes, including phishing, investment fraud, taking in money from fake shopping sites, and romance scams, the international law enforcement agency says.

The international effort from March to May of this year spanned 61 countries and included the combined seizure of $135 million in fiat currency and $2 million in crypto. Police seized roughly $120 million in assets, including real estate, luxury cars, and jewelry. The operation also identified an additional 14,643 “other possible suspects,” according to Interpol.

 Greg Tingey | June 28, 2024 22:48
1574:

Charlie @ 1588
All very well to say that, but - HERE is one near me - how do you grade-separate this one?
There's another, almost-identical in Wokingham as well ...

David L
* SCOTUS trying to get the federal government to run as if it is 1824.* - coupled with one state - I forget which, REQUIRING Bible study & lessons.
Oddly enough, as a card-carrying miltant atheist, I would welcome this ....
"Good morning, all, for our first compulsory Bible-study class, I want you to Compare & Contrast Genesis I & Genesis II & see if you can spot any inconsistencies between the narratives" .. Rinse, repeat across the whole bible, eh?

 whitroth replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | June 28, 2024 22:57
1575:

What a terrible time to have a cold.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | June 28, 2024 23:00
1576:

A young couple buying a house in the seventies? With degrees?

Let's see, two high shool graduates, one a lab tech, and the other a typist/typesetter at an underground newspaper. House: $11.5k.

80's? Him: startting programming, no degree, her with a Masters in library science. House $50 or $55k.

 whitroth replied to this comment from alantyson | June 28, 2024 23:03
1577:

Interesting lists. No one mentioned "know how to go shopping, be willing to go to several stores, and pick fruits and veggies, and not get ripped off"? How about "learn how to COOK, not microwave everything, or eat out all the time? Oh, and "decide what you can afford for housing, and DO NOT GO OVER that line."

 PilotMoonDog replied to this comment from whitroth | June 28, 2024 23:10
1578:

The problem with controlling housing costs is you're kinda dependant on landlords not choosing to charge silly money for what they are offering.

 whitroth replied to this comment from JohnS | June 28, 2024 23:26
1579:

THANK YOU. Thus proving my assertion he had a bad cold.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 28, 2024 23:39
1580:

Modern rail networks make it pretty much impossible for a road vehicle to get onto the tracks. (The UK is shamefully backward and still has a number of level crossings, mostly on low traffic rural routes

japan must still be in the nineteenth century then, u can't move for the damn things here, and the police have an annoying custom of hiding by them to ticket anyone who doesn't come to a full stop before driving through

shinkansen routes are sorted tho

 SFReader replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 28, 2024 23:57
1581:

Re: '... link to Nate Silver's discussion of his model and what it means'

Not sure whether Silver mentions* that polls can bias potential ordinary voters - the common folk.

Silver mentions that DT currently has a 60% chance of winning - if that's all that people see/read, then they're going to act to make that happen, i.e., the MAGAs will go out and vote so that they can claim having made the victory possible, the DEMs will say 'my vote won't make a difference so I may as well stay home'.

https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S0176268023000277

'If a party’s popularity is systematically ‘inflated’ in the polls, does this result in an electoral advantage for that party? Our results suggest that this is indeed the case. Both in terms of the number of rounds that candidate K was elected and in terms of average vote share, candidate K performed better in the treatment than in the control condition in a robust manner. In particular, the biased feedback mechanism increased the average vote share of the favoured candidate K by 16 percentage points, 8.6 percentage points and 6.1 percentage points in E1, E2 and E3, respectively. These differences are consistent across sessions, and there is limited evidence that these effects go away as participants gain more experience.1'

*Haven't finished the article yet but whether or not he did mention this, I wanted to highlight this particular potential bias/influence on voting behavior. I'm not anti-polls, just feel that it (like many social tools) needs a warning label.

 Moz replied to this comment from PilotMoonDog | June 29, 2024 00:59
1582:

you're kinda dependant on landlords not choosing to charge silly money

Even in capitalist economies there's a known solution - state provided housing. This solution isn't available under neoliberalism or fascism, where state can only fund capital to provide a simulacrum of public services. As with other forms of slavery, I don't think there's a peaceful solution.

Not to mention the increasing ownership of lawmaking leading to crime being defined as "harm to profits"

"Our Changing Climate" has a video due soon called "The Real Violence" linking this stuff to the more explicit murders of climate activists by police in US client states.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 01:08
1583:

last time I had a non-covid head cold it was five days of weeping-sneezing-begging (of a deity I usually deny existing to just me now)

I'm struggling lingering after effects of covid... comes 'n goes... I'm 62... in the these last three weeks I've left my apartment and could not recall why I was going out... and then repeated that cycle a total of three times over six hours... oh yeah... hungry... need to buy food...

but not only is Biden older he's got a job that leads to stress-induced ulcers in healthier 'n younger men... consider all those hands he has to shake for sake of someone's I-LOVE-ME photo-op walls... viral transfers each of 'em

but in the vid clips I watched plus Jon Steward's review (see my link above) Biden had that lack-of-sleep-post-hangover-vagueness we all get from working 18 H for 6 D in a row

 alantyson replied to this comment from whitroth | June 29, 2024 01:28
1584:

"know how to go shopping, be willing to go to several stores, and pick fruits and veggies, and not get ripped off"? How about "learn how to COOK, not microwave everything, or eat out all the time? Oh, and "decide what you can afford for housing, and DO NOT GO OVER that line."

I can do all of those, and honestly I feel pretty good about most of my peers and (at least some) of the younger generations being pretty good about them, too. I've mentioned that, in my experience, younger people are typically better cooks (and way better bakers) than older people, though that's skewed somewhat by gender: younger men are better in the kitchen than their fathers and grandfathers (again, in my experience).

In terms of not getting ripped off, this is largely dependent on where you live and what your options are. In a major city with lots of corner stores and produce stands, I was able to buy more, better, and cheaper produce, more regularly. Living in a mid-sized, car-dependent city where a grocery store shut down once every couple of months, we did our best but the options simply didn't exist. Which is why we planted a garden, and grew the best damn tomatoes (and sweet potatoes!) you ever did eat, not to be impolite about it. On that note, a lot of people my age are startlingly good gardeners, which I don't think anyone, me included, saw coming.

Housing, see above. The rental market is spiraling out of control (RealPages is a symptom, not a cause, of much larger systemic issues, but it's a symptom the way that a hemorrhagic fever is a symptom), and most of my peers can forget about being homeowners, uh... ever. In a lot of cases it's ripped off, or be homeless. At least if you're getting ripped off you can try again next year... and you will be moving next year, because the rent hikes will kill you otherwise. Maybe you can find a cheap apartment somewhere in the boonies, but you'll be sacrificing proximity to jobs and shopping.

Your post about the cost of a house for a young couple? I just about cried when I read it. Our first house was small, old, and in a merely-decent part of town, and it was more than eight times the figure you mentioned. For the 80's.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from David L | June 29, 2024 01:57
1585:

Do you know about the real life General Walker?

Curtis LeMay?

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 29, 2024 02:01
1586:

"Good morning, all, for our first compulsory Bible-study class, I want you to Compare & Contrast Genesis I & Genesis II & see if you can spot any inconsistencies between the narratives"

Yes, and the interlaced Flood stories, the Baptism of Jesus stories, the Nativity stories, the Passion stories, etc.

I think that the Christians who promote Bible study are conflating "study" with "indoctrination."

 SFReader replied to this comment from alantyson | June 29, 2024 02:10
1587:

Re: Life skills

Looks like you've got the basics covered provided you're going to continue living in or near an urban area with reliable delivery of key goods from elsewhere. The garden is a great supplement but unlikely to provide all the food you need. A good assortment of herbs and spices can make any combination of foodstuffs taste good.

For your entertainment, here's a 5 minute video on the history of shoes. Folks typically treat clothing as a necessity but often forget the footwear part. Given the increased iffyness of local weather, I've started paying more attention to shoes and esp. boots. (Oh yeah - clothing repair is also making a comeback.)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4tEcaErxlDw&ab_channel=5MinuteHistory

The BBC Farm series is an excellent documentary of what it was like to live in 15th, 16th, 19th century and WWII era Britain.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from alantyson | June 29, 2024 02:18
1588:

I'm confident that you could puzzle out how do drive a stick shift if you had to. Unless you regularly drive an electric car or one with a CVT, you should already have a feel for when the automatic shifts gears. You can hear and feel it and see when the RPM changes.

I assume this would happen only in an emergency situation, otherwise you would know to learn it before you bought a manual drive vehicle. Say you are with your buddy who drives a manual and they become incapacitated for some reason, and your only option is to drive them to the hospital in their car. You might damage their transmission, but I think they would rather be alive to worry about the hefty repair bill later. In any other emergency situation in the US where you would have to commandeer a car, it would be a waste of time to go around looking for a manual drive.

I can't think of any reason you would ever need to write cursive. Reading it, I also can't think of any reason unless you are somewhat of a historian... Though I do find it amusing - the thought that kids who grew up in the 90's might not know how to use a pencil :)

 JohnS replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 29, 2024 02:21
1589:

ilya187 @ 1585:

"Do you know about the real life General Walker?"

Curtis LeMay?

Yeah, he was another piece of work, but Maj Gen Edwin Walker

 JohnS | June 29, 2024 02:25
1590:

Finished all the drawer & cabinet pulls. Nothing completely FUBAR.

 alantyson replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 29, 2024 02:28
1591:

So the funny thing is, I do drive an EV (it doesn't have an automatic or a manual transmission. It hasn't got a transmission, because it hasn't got gears!), but I learned to drive on gas cars, and you're right that I understand how a manual works in theory. In your scenario, we might be in for a bit of trouble if I had to go up a steep hill, but as long as the hospital is no more than half an hour away I could proooobably get us there with the engine not aflame. If the hospital is more than half an hour away, then we have bigger problems and none of them have to do with the kind of transmission the car has.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from alantyson | June 29, 2024 03:12
1592:

Some shift stick trees may be laid out differently too, so if they are not labelled, or the labels have been rendered illegible, you might have a harder time.

Also regarding maps - Mapquest launched in 1996 - and that was very much print out a local paper map. OpenStreetMap was only launched in 2004, just before you got your license.

http://digital-archaeology.org/plotting-the-past/

 Moz replied to this comment from SFReader | June 29, 2024 03:17
1593:

provided you're going to continue living in or near an urban area with reliable delivery of key goods

I kind of suspect that there are at least two sets of skills that are at best orthogonal. Obviously the "can survive in 1950's USA" skills rely on widely available time travel to be useful, but more broadly there's the question of what tech level you expect to have because that greatly affects the skills you will value. As noted indirectly, being able to hunt and butcher animals that are now extinct isn't a useful skill, especially if nothing like that is alive now (we have few elephant-sized animals, for example, it's not just "really big fish").

So if we confidently assume ironworking but not electricity we might also decide that railways are too hard and thus the key skills revolve around find horse-equivalents, domesticating them, taming them and putting them to work. Metalworking using recycled/reclaimed metal ditto, but outside Australia I suspect "mining" isn't going to be popular (in quotes because "shovel dirt into furnace" isn't really mining as most of us think of it).

But that exact same historical parallel suggests that teaching the very basic hunter-gatherer skills plus literacy would be a better foundation. We have many, many examples of people making the transition from there to more complex societies, but few of the reverse. Perhaps think of it as a slippery slope version of the "teach people to live in the 1950's" original argument. There's a lot more history of hunter-gatherers than 1950's (even a single 100,000 years is more than 10 years).

But... being part of an established rural community that has a degree of resilence within an industrial society will be a good start. You've got your community, but you've also got trade links and connections to other similar communities. Hopefully with enough backup people than you can survive the inevitable nonsurvivals. Which gets us back to orthogonal skill sets - there are huge costs to living in a small rural community, not least the lack of indigenous advanced healthcare. I suspect "blog posters in their 50's and other" aren't going to make it through the projected demographic transition or be much valued for their "grumpy old man telling the youth of today how they should behave" skills.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 29, 2024 03:22
1594:

I think that the Christians who promote Bible study are conflating "study" with "indoctrination."

In my limited experience in evangelical churches "bible study" mean learning the approved meaning for each verse, as well as memorizing verses you could trot out on command to win arguments.

At the Anglican churches I attended as a child it was the same 'learn the approved meaning' affair. As an adult the priest (later bishop) tried to do a real study, because a few of us were interested in theology, but the sessions got taken over by older members (without university educations) who thought "bible study" meant sharing what each verse meant to you personally and just ignored the priest and did that.

 Moz replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 29, 2024 04:05
1595:

For me it was straight from Sunday School "do not ask questions. Do not answer questions unless addressed specifically to you as an individual. Actually, how about you just not attend at all" to a boy-scout-related "duty to god" thing where asking questions led to the 'teacher' running out in tears (and it wasn't just, or even mostly, me that was asking the questions).

Which suggests that more experienced teachers are probably doing the "study means memorising what I tell you" thing deliberately. Especially now that outside context is so readily available, even to primary school kids where big hints like "happy Diwali everyone" (s/Christmas/Hanukkah/Eid/Lunar New Year/Matariki as appropriate) are celebrated in (some?) schools.

 JohnS replied to this comment from alantyson | June 29, 2024 04:33
1596:

alantyson @ 1591:

So the funny thing is, I do drive an EV (it doesn't have an automatic or a manual transmission. It hasn't got a transmission, because it hasn't got gears!), but I learned to drive on gas cars, and you're right that I understand how a manual works in theory. In your scenario, we might be in for a bit of trouble if I had to go up a steep hill, but as long as the hospital is no more than half an hour away I could proooobably get us there with the engine not aflame. If the hospital is more than half an hour away, then we have bigger problems and none of them have to do with the kind of transmission the car has.

Think of it more as what are you gonna' do in an natural emergency, you're out with a friend, spouse, sibling, child who's injured. It's bad.

You don't have access to your EV, you don't have cell service because you need it so desperately (so OF COURSE it's not available) ... but you've got the keys to a beat up old ICE clunker.

The battery is run down & it's OH GOD! a manual transmission ... but it does have fuel. You think you know where there's a hospital nearby (as you say, not more than half an hour by road).

Can you get the clunker started & get your companion to the hospital?

 Moz replied to this comment from JohnS | June 29, 2024 04:45
1597:

Doesn't that depend a great deal on why the ICE clunker was abandoned there?

I mean, I can fix most fixable bicycles given time and tools, and I can ride some horses bareback if I have to, but an ICE vehcile with the sparkplugs clogged is going to defeat all the tools I normally carry on my bicycle. If the computer in the ICE car is sulking because there's no cellphone reception I'm going to be stumped. Ditto if it's an old diesel landrover with a full tank of gas.

If it's an emergency I'm going to be doing first aid to stabilise the patient, then probably spend 30s trying to start the ICE thing before I give up and start jogging towards where I think I'll find help. Assuming that's not suicidal, of course, because "I'm just going to jog down Gunbarrel Highway" is very unlikely to help anyone.

 David L replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 29, 2024 04:54
1598:

Do you know about the real life General Walker?

Curtis LeMay?

Nope. Literally General Walker.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Walker

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Edwin_Walker#Media_presentations

 David L replied to this comment from SFReader | June 29, 2024 04:57
1599:

Given the increased iffyness of local weather, I've started paying more attention to shoes and esp. boots.

I did have a pair of very flexible soled sneakers that I wore around the house and yard a lot. Very comfortable. Till I stepped down with all my weight 25cm or so onto a golf ball sized hard knot of grass. And couldn't hardly walk a few hours later. Got to wear a board for a few weeks. Tossed the sneakers. Spent some money on sneakers with much stiffer soles.

 David L replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 29, 2024 05:00
1600:

Reading it, I also can't think of any reason unless you are somewhat of a historian...

There are those family records.

Though I do find it amusing - the thought that kids who grew up in the 90's might not know how to use a pencil :)

They do. But they are the plastic ones you buy at a $ store for a $ or two for 12. Each one has 3 to 5 2.5cm or so long bits of "lead" in them.

 David L replied to this comment from Moz | June 29, 2024 05:07
1601:

horse-equivalents, domesticating them, taming them and putting them to work.

I suspect many or most people don't realize that most horses don't apreciate harnesses, saddles and such at first. Most not at all.

Metalworking using recycled/reclaimed metal ditto, but outside Australia I suspect "mining" isn't going to be popular (in quotes because "shovel dirt into furnace" isn't really mining as most of us think of it).

I have to wonder how much of the world still has reasonably easy to get to ore that would be useful. The Pittsburgh steel city was built on coal and iron being easy to get to. Coal in western PA if you scratch a bit of dirt. In W. Virginia, just look close under plants in the deep valleys.

And the Minnesota Iron Range has been emptied of the easy stuff for a long time.

Australia may be the place to get easy ores. If you can get there from wherever.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 29, 2024 05:17
1602:

carpentry trick: cardboard template

For most people getting all the holes correct ON BOTH SIDES of cabinet doors is a chore. Holes that are multiple sizes and depths. But not through. Tight tolerances or people will notice. Like 1/1000 of an inch or so. (Some cabinet designs are meant to hide such things.)

People who do it on a regular basis are very good at it. Those of us who do it once every 10 or so years, not so much. Templates are great. Especially if the manufacturer will sell you one or you can make one. Out of cardboard they get sloppy way too fast unless you're doing just a few doors and pulls. Many cabinet vendors now offer such a template made of hard plastic with metal ring inserts where the bits go. And marks on the sides of where to put the drill stops.

Now for real fun that makes cabinets look simple, learn to cut crown molding on a miter saw. Upside down and backwards you get to be. If you're not a regular make sure you have some extra to practice on before you do the real pieces.

 JHomes replied to this comment from JohnS | June 29, 2024 05:21
1603:

"you've got the keys to a beat up old ICE clunker.

The battery is run down & "

I'm almost certainly one of the oldest people here (I think Greg beats me), and by the time I was old enough to get a driver's license, cars that could be crank started were mainly in the hands of enthusiasts and collectors, and this in a country where cars were kept going at all costs because replacement was difficult and expensive.

Push start might work, but unless you were up a handy hill, you would need, as well as the driver, a fair amount of push power, one strong person or a couple of not so strong. If you were at the bottom of the aforementioned hill, forget it.

And AIUI a lot of more modern cars are designed so they cannot be push started anyway.

But the main thing you would need to know about push starting would be if it were even possible.

JHomes

 Leroy F. Berven replied to this comment from whitroth | June 29, 2024 06:18
1604:

whitroth @ 1576: A young couple buying a house in the seventies?

Seattle, Washington, USA, 1981: The local economy is beginning to recover from the "Boeing bust" (per the classic billboard asking: "Will the last one leaving Seattle turn off the lights?"), with some not-completely-ridiculous house prices still available. A couple (both working full-time, at jobs for which post-secondary education is essential, but actual formal degrees are not), with a roommate or two to help with the monthly mortgage payment, and some creative interim financing with the connivance of the selling real estate agent, could just barely cover the cash flow to make the whole thing work. (FYI, even threadbare bedsheets can pull useful temporary duty as ersatz window curtains.)

Today, the county assessor's valuation of the property is about an order of magnitude above the actual 1981 purchase price. Any guesses on our current property tax assessment level (compared to 1981), or the current actual net income we rely on to pay that assessment?

 kiloseven replied to this comment from alantyson | June 29, 2024 06:51
1605:

I propose an experiment/parlor game for y'all: give me a list of skills that you consider to be life-essential, and I'll see if I, an elder millennial, either have that skill, or can puzzle it out from first principles.

Solo CPR without exposure to blood-borne pathogens for humans, children, dogs, cats, horses Apply a combat application tourniquet to stop a major arterial bleed for humans, children, dogs, cats, horses Heimlich manuver for humans, children, dogs, cats, horses Apply a splint on humans, children, dogs, cats, horses Recognize signs of rabies infection Demonstrate basic principles of firearm safety Clear a jam in a 1911, Glock, M16 Site and dig a slit latrine Milk a cow and goat & collect the milk hygenically Pasteurize milk Build a sand filter to process roundwater Catch a fish, then gut and clean it Remove, patch, remount a bicycle tire

 MaddyE replied to this comment from alantyson | June 29, 2024 07:58
1606:

Cars: how to bump start it, how to jump start it, check & top up fluids, top up air, replace fuses, replace wiper blades, change bulbs (if you are flexible enough to get your hand in the space to do so without dismantling half the engine first), change a tyre.

Know when and where to apply oil to bicycles, (I draw the line at puncture repairs), top up air.

Do simple DiY like re-pinning furniture, easing a sticking door, replacing cupboard handles, oiling hinges, changing light bulbs, replacing fuses, clear a blocked drain, repair a dripping tab, descale appliances (large and small).

Clothing repairs - replace buttons, stitch split seams, patch holes or darn knitwear, simple tailoring when your weight changes, (making the clothes first from fabric or yarn is a bonus), which fabrics and yarns are durable, how to clean clothes to keep them looking good.

Cook using fresh ingredients (catching or growing them is optional, as is basic processing like milling or butchery), what to do with leftovers, preserving surpluses safely, balanced diet, food shopping - what to buy, optimal freshness, storage.

In the garden know the difference between something wanted and a weed, know when to sow for optimal growing conditions, when to harvest, how to store your harvest, mow a lawn without mechanical assistance (bonus points if you can do so without a trip to A&E), prune fruit trees.

In the country know what is poisonous or likely to cause unpleasant reactions from plants, animals, and landowners.

 Moz replied to this comment from MaddyE | June 29, 2024 08:56
1607:

In the country know what is poisonous or likely to cause unpleasant reactions from plants

Know the thousand most common edible plants, when you can eat them, which bits to eat and how to prepare them. Ideally know the most common animals and insects ditto.

(in the more hospitable parts of the world there may be more than 1000 but let's try to keep it reasonable for modern people used to only having 5-10 staple plants)

Although I'm sure of the utility of mowing lawns unless you mean "fly, my pretties, and eat what you will" type mowing.

 Vulch replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 29, 2024 09:14
1608:

I can't think of any reason you would ever need to write cursive.

Exams. When I was working for one of the Cambridge Colleges some of the Directors of Studies were looking for an easier way to provide feedback on the handwritten essays they made their students produce as a form of practice for exams. Policy said work had to be submitted electronically so the DoSs were dealing with scanned images instead of text documents and their usual workflow didn't work well. I think in the end they got a Sinier and more expensive version of Adobe PDF stuff.

 Greg Tingey | June 29, 2024 09:38
1609:

Kardashev
There's always The Skeptics Annotated Bible as amazingly useful source material.
And, it actually includes a sub-chapter on CONTRADICTIONS

Tier2Tech
Did/does you (anybody) know about the digital versions of all Ordnance Survey maps for the UK, approx 1840-1955?
National Library of Scotland is the place to look ... Google for "NLS OS Maps"
Down to 25-inch scale too in many places .. utterly invaluable for searching old railway layouts & formations.

JHomes
Born January 1946 - anyone more ancient than me, here?

One thing I do appreciate at my age is "touching fingers across the generations" I'm probably one of the last few people alive who has actually heard Winston Churchill speak, live, in the same hall ( 1955 General Election )
I had two unmarried Great-Aunts, "Rose" - they were both the eldest sisters of my mother's mother & my father's mother ... but Rose Paramore was much older than my maternal grandmother. She left school at 14, went straight into domestic service & hit the jackpot ... Junior maid to a member of the Brit Diplomatic corps - posted to PARIS (!) with him as service staff. One slight problem, this was 1870.
She would never, ever tell how she managed to acquire that soldier's bayonet.
A personal "touch" no matter how faint from 1870 to 2024.
...
I had to get fellow-student helpers to get them to push-start a "grey fergie" tractor that I was driving at the University sports fields, once. Drove it round for a bit, so that the return journey was much easier - the starter then worked (!)

MaddyE
Unusually for a male, I can do all of those things, more-or-less, some much better than others, of course.
And, of course, those wonderful plants, the Solonaceae, which can be edible, poisonous, or both.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 29, 2024 09:50
1610:

Yes, noted: but the USA's problems can be fixed by simply adopting a modern Federal constitution like, oh, the one Germany runs on (drafted by US lawyers after 1945 with a century and a half of patches and bug-fixes).

Snark intentional.

 Mike Collins replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 29, 2024 10:32
1611:

Greg Paper road maps rapidly become outdated. Google and Apple maps are much more up to date. And at no extra cost. I have Ordnance Survey maps for everywhere I’ve been in the UK but having bought more than one of some maps they’re all out of date for driving. And it’s not safe to read a map while driving even if you strap the relevant page to your knee. You can memorise the route but not any diversions I can have Google or Apple Maps or my car’s built in satnav on the screen and for the car navigation there’s also a head up display - even safer. I don’t rely on the reversing camera and sensors but it’s a useful addition to craning the neck. And although it’s never told me anything I haven’t see already it’s also reassuring to have blind spot radar.

 PilotMoonDog replied to this comment from Mike Collins | June 29, 2024 10:55
1612:

I take your point about paper maps getting out of date however.

Why would you check a paper map while moving, unless you have a passenger to map read for you? As a motorcyclist I would always pull over and check my bearings before continuing. One reason I am dubious about sat navs is them taking attention off the road. I am even more dubious about handlebar mounted sat nav for cycles and motorcycles.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | June 29, 2024 11:01
1613:

assumption on my part:

no need to teach young folk how to chew food

just as there's no need to do that for socks, sneakers, zippers, etc

basic life skills mama ought to have taught 'em by age seven

beside which -- while percentage vary -- about 75% of calories come from packaged foods and takeaway shoppes and sitdown restaurants and corporate cafeterias

if you are referring to assembling a list of sub-components to be heat treated and reshaped into a final assembly, yeah, clueless about cooking

not enough kids today know there's such a thing as a flavorful tomato... supermarket beefsteaks are good but nowhere near the real-real-real thing of a explosive rush of overwhelming delight in each bite of a just-harvested off da vine tomato warm from sunlight

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 29, 2024 11:11
1614:

"when a set of lies is repeated sufficient times it becomes the bedrock truths of society"

Q who said this?

just about every dictator in control of intel distribution... be it printing press, radio, newspapers, text of Sunday sermons, social media, blogs, posters glued to walls, etc

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 11:35
1615:

heh... always easier to write code for a mega-scaled app if you have the unusual luxury of 'blank sheet'

government being a mode of "software" which runs upon processing platforms as varied as "lawyer" and "politician" and "judge"

with viral infections introduced by self-serving special interest groups

occasional crashes at hardware level due to biological whoooopies due to unplanned introductions with environment (plague, famine, drought, volcano)

bizarro moment, Germany in ruins, given the choice of adopting the laws and structures imposed upon 'em by the victors =or= becoming for an indefinite period the wholly owned colony of a pissed off enemy

we all got lucky that Germany has become a better version of itself (more-or-less) rather than sullenly licking its wounds and dreaming of attempting a 4th Reich by the 1970s

"luck" arising out of hard work

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 29, 2024 12:01
1616:

Yeah, and that's why the UK isn't fully grade-separated: the giveaway is the 19th century vintage signalbox in the streetview!

If it was rural it'd be relatively easy to divert the roads, but in a built-up area there's probably no way to get rid of the grade crossing that doesn't involve demolition of buildings and homes.

Really, this one is a network problem: something (the roads or the railway) needs to be re-routed entirely, which means kilometres of construction work. In the absence of which, the best option might be to work on diverting as much traffic as possible off that track-crossing street then turn it into two opposing cul-de-sacs. Which will get tied up in planning enquiries for ages ...

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 12:28
1617:

Melbourne in Australia has been doing that for a while. They had (have?) way too many level crossings so they've been lifting the commuter rail lines up over everything. Seems to work and ends up providing some vaguely usable linear parks as a bonus. Costs a lot, but OTOH the death rate from level crossings isn't cheap either, or more importantly to capitalists the delays caused by both the level crossings and the deaths...

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from PilotMoonDog | June 29, 2024 12:36
1618:

Legally enforceable rent controls are a Thing. (Here in Scotland, rent increases are capped -- by law, and landlords who exceed them are liable for legal action. And risk losing their license to let properties.) Rent controls used to be a thing, too (and should be again).

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 29, 2024 12:42
1619:

we all got lucky that Germany has become a better version of itself (more-or-less) rather than sullenly licking its wounds and dreaming of attempting a 4th Reich by the 1970s

thought that was more about people realizing the treaty of versailles had been counterproductive and trying something different

 Paul replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 12:55
1620:

Charlie @ 1616: If it was rural it'd be relatively easy to divert the roads, but in a built-up area there's probably no way to get rid of the grade crossing that doesn't involve demolition of buildings and homes.

Lancing has a very similar problem but if you look along the tracks you can see the flyover. They built a new major road across the town, so now at least the railway level crossing doesn't have to cope with through-traffic. Not great, but better than nothing. Probably couldn't be done today though.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | June 29, 2024 13:08
1621:

This proves my point: 19th century rail networks are pish and rather hard to separate. The Shinkansen network was built out after 1960 with full grade separation and brand new stations, so they don't ever run on the same tracks as the older (narrow gauge) network.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from PilotMoonDog | June 29, 2024 13:22
1622:

One reason I am dubious about sat navs is them taking attention off the road.

They all have an option to provide spoken directions, going back a couple of decades. They're also configurable to display less screen clutter. And mostly they can provide live warning of traffic congestion/accidents ahead and re-route to divert you around blockages before you get stuck. Finally, they generally won't let you reconfigure them or fiddle with their settings while you're in motion -- a deliberate safety requirement.

The only drawbacks I can see are that if there's a GPS failure for whatever reason (and it could be deliberate -- someone with a GPS jammer/spoofer -- or a once-a-decade satellite system malfunction) you could get lost. And of course there are occasional screwups, such as single track country lanes that sometimes get flagged as a shortcut suitable for HGVs.

 PilotMoonDog replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 15:03
1623:

Indeed, rent controls are a good idea. But try finding a politician that will propose them these days. Outside Scotland anyway.

As for GPS units I concede that one giving directions out loud works well enough for a car. But when using a two wheeled vehicle it is not a good idea to pay anything less than full attention to the world around you. So having something talking at you would also be unwise.

 Paul | June 29, 2024 15:39
1624:

On rent control and similar mechanisms: I have a strong suspicion that excess consumer money always gets soaked up somewhere, and the only question is where.

I confess I haven't got the mechanisms fully worked out, but it seems like there is always at least one "essential" that everyone has to have (housing, food, water, clothes, healthcare, bandwidth etc) which rises in cost to absorb as much money as people have, and this process only stops when a substantial minority of the population can't afford it.

Historically this was often food. In some places it was water. These days it tends to be housing. In the US its often healthcare.

If you bring the price of this essential down by price control or subsidy or something, then the money released just gets sucked up by one of the others.

I don't know what to do about this. But the standard model of "essentials" versus "disposable income" seems to be missing something.

 Ima Pseudonym replied to this comment from Moz | June 29, 2024 15:43
1625:

Moz @1617: Melbourne in Australia has been doing that for a while. They had (have?) way too many level crossings so they've been lifting the commuter rail lines up over everything.

Except where we've gone under, there're a few long trenches, and some of them had quite grandiose initial plans involving roofing them over and creating piazza-like areas that would generate a village-like atmosphere that the locals would...

Yeah, most haven't happened. Well, the two that I know of - Glen Huntly and Ormond - didn't.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from PilotMoonDog | June 29, 2024 15:56
1626:

One reason I am dubious about sat navs is them taking attention off the road.

I have a mount for my iPhone so it's on the front console by the radio controls, plugged into my car stereo with an aux patch cord. I mostly rely on the voice directions (from Apple Maps), but will glance at the screen to see things like which lanes of an interchange go which directions. (Something that isn't on any paper maps I've ever seen.) Glancing at the map requires almost no time (about the same as a scan of instruments: speed, tach, check no warning lights are on). Unlike a paper map the display only shows the road just in front of me (two blocks on city streets, a bit more on the highway; I think it adjusts depending the speed) so it takes less cognitive load to read it.

There's enough construction and traffic in Toronto that relying on paper maps is problematic. My last Toronto map book was over an inch thick, and you needed to flip pages frequently for any journey. And it absolutely sucked for planning a trip because there was no way to get an overview that showed enough detail to see the streets). I used to use paper maps until a few years ago, and it made travelling anywhere new in the city very stressful. I've seen a. lot more of the city since I started using my phone instead of paper maps.

I also use the iPhone when travelling a familiar route, not because I need it for navigation but because it warns me of traffic hazards ahead (like an accident that's closed five lanes of the highway) in time for me to find an alternate route (not always, but enough to be useful).

 Mike Collins replied to this comment from PilotMoonDog | June 29, 2024 16:06
1627:

Why would you want to look at a paper map while driving? Because the traffic is bad and I need to divert. Because I’m on a busy motorway with the view of signposts blocked by HGVs. Because there’s a diversion and I want to check the route (some of these have ambiguous signage. Why haven’t I stopped- because in many cases it’s impossible. This applies to rural roads as well as motorways. Lay-bys can be hidden. With a satnav traffic is monitored and diversion options offered. With voice control to accept the diversion. And using the satnav built into the car puts the next instruction on the HUD so I rarely need to look at the console map display. I sometimes use satnav when cycling. In summer I have the satnav in my shirt pocket to use as an ersatz GoPro. Using air pods lets me use voice control and hear turn instructions. And my watch, at least with Apple Maps buzzes on my wrist before turns. What happens in the satnav fails? I find a lay by and use up to date road atlas.

 ilya187 | June 29, 2024 16:15
1628:

My cursive is very clear and readable, I had been complimented on it many many times in my life. Having said that, I honestly think that cursive is one of those inventions (like bitcoin and social media) which are actually detriment to civilization. Trying to read the cursive of people who are bad at it -- which are the majority, -- impedes communication and leads to errors. Sometimes fatal errors; for some reason doctors' cursive tends to be especially bad, and doctors are about the last people whose writing is safe to misinterpret.

Cursive was invented along with the fountain pen because it utilizes the way ink flows out of it. It is completely unnecessary with pencils and with ball-point pens, and should have died along with the fountain pen.

 JohnS replied to this comment from JHomes | June 29, 2024 16:20
1629:

JHomes @ 1603:

""you've got the keys to a beat up old ICE clunker."
"The battery is run down & "

I'm almost certainly one of the oldest people here (I think Greg beats me), and by the time I was old enough to get a driver's license, cars that could be crank started were mainly in the hands of enthusiasts and collectors, and this in a country where cars were kept going at all costs because replacement was difficult and expensive.

Push start might work, but unless you were up a handy hill, you would need, as well as the driver, a fair amount of push power, one strong person or a couple of not so strong. If you were at the bottom of the aforementioned hill, forget it.

IF you know what you're doing it doesn't take much of a hill. One person can even do it on level ground (BTDT-GTTS*).

And AIUI a lot of more modern cars are designed so they cannot be push started anyway.

I'm pretty sure it CAN be done, but you're going to damage the transmission. The old Chevrolets equipped with a "Powerglide" two-speed auto transmission (P,R,N,D,L) could be push started without too much damage but I don't know of any more recent vehicles that really can.

But the main thing you would need to know about push starting would be if it were even possible.

JHomes

Hopefully the younger generations will never NEED those old skilz to survive; IF/WHEN an emergency comes they'll have their EVs & cell phone service available ... and GPS to guide them to the hospital ...

But, just for shits, grins & giggles, what are you gonna' do if you DON'T have the keys? (same previous hypothetical conditions apply)

Actually, I think - decrepit as I've gotten with age - I could still do it IF I HAD TO - do or die.

Vivere in aeternum aut mori conatur

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 29, 2024 17:01
1630:

»Cursive was invented along with the fountain pen because it utilizes the way ink flows out of it. It is completely unnecessary with pencils and with ball-point pens, and should have died along with the fountain pen.«

When I started school, '73 I think, we were the first to lean "formskrift" instead of cursive.

On my TODO list in datamuseum.dk, is to find out if "form" contained a faint hope of machine-readability. (As in: Fill out a form) or if it refers to the letter shape as such.

 Guy Rixon replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 17:07
1631:

DLR trains are remotely monitored. IIUC, the trains can't go unless a remote operator is in contact to cover emergencies. Presumably one remote operator covers multiple trains, otherwise there's no cost saving in remote operation and no reason to install it. The safety case must be built on the trains looking after themselves for some number of seconds that is rather longer then the reaction time of an on-board driver.

One could imagine remote operation working on higher-speed trains: essentially anything with cab signalling so that it doesn't go into safety shutdown if a remote operator fails to see a signal aspect. But then you need a guard to check that the train is safe to depart after a station stop, and you go from needing a driver per train to a guard per train, and save no money.

What is impressive is the automation in the signalling systems. Any entry-exit panel has a lot of automation, and it never seems to go wrong in a way that causes a crash. Further, some of the London underground allegedly automated the signalling at junctions using a punched-card system back in the 1920s. Junctions are hard, of course, relative to plain-line block-posts. And the London automation is said to have dealt with trains running out of sequence through a diverging junction; never did work out they managed that.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from JohnS | June 29, 2024 17:09
1632:

Hopefully the younger generations will never NEED those old skilz to survive; IF/WHEN an emergency comes they'll have their EVs & cell phone service available ... and GPS to guide them to the hospital ...

In any serious collapse of civilization, we will have electricity (from solar panels, windmills and water mills) much longer than we will have usable gasoline. Someone should do a Mad Max remake with EV's and solar power. And with public executions of anyone caught worshiping the ancient evil god named FoselFool. (Nobody knows why the second "F" is capitalized. It just is.)

 Greg Tingey | June 29, 2024 17:11
1633:

Howard NYC @ 1613
Not enough kids ADULTS today know there's such a thing as a flavorful tomato
- @ 1614 - ALSO: any & all relgious leaders, all the time.

Charlie @ 1616
There are some "LC's" in Sarf-Lunnon, where the property costs of either closing the LC, or trying to build a bridge would be really horrendous - Sheen & Mortlake & Barnes come immediately to mind. Then there's Lincoln.
The moment you get even half-way outside towns, it gets easier - like Feltham. BUT: You also get amazingly longwinded, spiteful & petty disputes about WHO is going to pay - in this country, it's usually some tory authority trying to make the railway pay ... Which is why there are still four amazingly dangerous LC's on the main London-Edinburgh line, not too far N of Peterborough { Helpston & Tallington being the outer pair } where the trains can be at full speed - up to 130 mph! Basically Lincolnshire County Council are far too tight & don't care, or so I think.

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from ilya187 | June 29, 2024 17:58
1634:

Reminded of an animated xkcd

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 29, 2024 18:13
1635:

I'm pretty sure you've never eaten an American supermarket tomato, Greg. Not fresh from the supermarket.

Er, did I actually say "fresh"?

They taste like damp cardboard, because they're carefully cultivated to survive long duration shipping and storage and to look big and shiny. Flavour comes a distant third.

 Bobh replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 29, 2024 19:40
1636:
"Bible study are conflating "study" with "indoctrination."

Indoctrination is the point. I'm citing again, the Pagels book on dissenters being tools of the Devil. "Both fathers (Tertullian and Iraneus c. 180 BCE) insist that what characterizes the true church is unanimity - agreement in doctrine, morals, and leadership. .... Whoever deviates from the consensus is, by definition, a heretic: for... the greek word translated "heresy" literally means "choice", thus a heretic is "one who makes a choice."" Pg 163 Kindle version.

(I think we've used up this topic for a while)

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 19:41
1637:

»They taste like damp cardboard«

Cardboard and plastic can be fresh too :-)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 20:17
1638:

for claims adjusters in Florida -- massive tonnage of winter tomatoes shipped up northwards every week -- there's a special entry code for vehicles damaged by tomatoes falling off trucks at highway speeds

dang things when harvested are as deadly as a lump of green wood... not splatting upon impact with road surfaces but bouncing into all directions

cracking windshields and dinging body panels and drivers understandably freaked losing control over their cars

residents of Florida have undergone behavioral modification under adverse feedback... if you see a truck loaded with boxes of tomatoes, slow down and increase separation to at least three hundred feet

think of it as evolution in action

while in theory there's calories there's fewer in these reddish oblongs and subtle loss of flavor indicative of low vitamins and secondary nutrients... takes a very sharp knife to cut this awful mock-veggies

on a happy note, I scored a half dozen decent beefsteak tommies at halfway-affordable price this week and have been rationing 'em one per day

...only two remain

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 29, 2024 20:19
1639:

for further insights in these and related horrors...

"Tomatoland: How Modern Industrial Agriculture Destroyed Our Most Alluring Fruit"

Barry Estabrook, 2011, ISBN: 9781449408411

 Moz replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 29, 2024 23:05
1640:

The only drawbacks I can see are that if there's a GPS failure for whatever reason

With google maps it's at least possible to save the route as offline then navigate it manually by hitting the "next step" button.

It may be possible to do that automatically using acellerometer+compass but it doesn't work when the phone is attached to a bicycle. IME anyway. That might even work when online but without GPS, but for me the use case is knowing that I'm going to be without cellphone reception so I set up for that. And then to preserve battery life I shut down the radios. Usually at some point my phone loses GPS or it becomes woefully intermittent/unreliable so I turn it off and just treat the route guide as a magic scrolling map.

Viz, there's been a fair bit of work done to make the navigation fail gracefully.

 Moz | June 29, 2024 23:07
1641:

https://foreignpolicy.com/2024/06/28/far-right-populism-france-rn-le-pen-trump-united-states-modi-india-majoritarianism/

Interesting way of understanding right wing populism as deliberately invoking the tyranny of the majority. Literal tyranny.

 Robert Prior | June 29, 2024 23:59
1642:

A couple of tech questions (for myself this time):

1) My venerable HP 2600n laser printer just did something weird. I was printing a page and after the first mm of colour the colour faded and I just got a ghostly image (the blacks were very light, most of the other colours were so light as to be invisible). I turned it off and on again, printed the cover sheet (which looked vibrant as usual, did a cleaning sheet (which was very faded) and got the same result. All the cartridges show as mostly full.

I've searched online for things to try and haven't found much (everything relates to newer printers with controls this one doesn't have).

These are the last toner cartridges I have, and HP doesn't sell them anymore, so I was seriously thinking of replacing the printer when they run out. (I was going to try a third-party cartridge first, if I could find a reasonable Canadian source, but was anticipating that they might not have any by the time I needed them.)

It's nearly 20 years old, so it honestly doesn't owe me anything, but I was hoping to keep it running another year or two. (I print little since I'm no longer teaching.) If anyone has any suggestions I'd love to hear them.

2) I've decided I should seriously think of getting a new Mac. I went to the Apple store last week to look at Mac Minis, which seem like the best option. I already have a keyboard and mouse, so would need to buy a monitor, but Mini+(non-Apple monitor is less than an iMac.

I would use it for surfing the internet, email, word processing, photo editing, and some light video editing. (Nothing long, nothing over 4k.) I'm hoping to keep this computer for at least a decade. I'm sticking with Apple because I already own most of the software I want to run, and I know how to use it.

Is a Mini a good option, or should I look at iMacs?

Is the M2 a good buy right now, or should I wait for a better processor? (And if I go M2, is the M2 Pro worth the extra 50% it would cost?)

All advice gratefully received.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 01:15
1643:

Here is a very thorough breakdown of your printer:

https://www.evilmadscientist.com/2008/epic-take-apart-hp-color-laserjet-2600n/

Note the High Voltage Warnings, but the fix could be as simple as cleaning some parts or replacing the humidity or optical sensors. There are plenty of old units cheaply available for parts if you can't find the individual replacement components.

If it is time limited (and doesn't just need a cleaning), I wouldn't recommend this route unless you are comfortable with or know someone who is at diagnosing circuit board or component problems.

I wouldn't get rid of it though if you like it. It probably can be repaired. There is also a possibility that you have a corruption in your driver software, in which case, printing from another device/OS might yield different results.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | June 30, 2024 02:12
1644:

Thanks. It's been four decades since I mucked with circuit boards, so I don't think I'll be doing a teardown.

I'm downloading the driver for OS 10.12 (which is the OS on my iMac). I'll see if that works tomorrow (the printer is attached to a computer in a different room, and I need to rearrange furniture to get it beside the iMac). I'll see if that works.

The way the colour faded out on the first misprinted sheet led me to expect a hardware fault, but it will be easy enough to check if it works on the newer computer. (Currently I'm using my old MacPro running Lion as a printer station and music server.)

 Kardashev replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 30, 2024 02:16
1645:

Born January 1946 - anyone more ancient than me, here?

Yes, by three months.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Moz | June 30, 2024 02:48
1646:

Re: '... the question of what tech level you expect to have because that greatly affects the skills you will value.'

Exactly! That's why I mentioned the BBC Farm Series docs.

Howard NYC @ 1613: '... basic life skills mama ought to have taught 'em by age seven'

When? Most mamas have full-time jobs, long commutes with maybe weekends to do one or two from-scratch meals. Kids are similarly busy - playing, watching TV, or socializing on weekends. Preparing a meal with young kids around takes at least twice as long as doing it solo.

Re: 'Florida -- massive tonnage of winter tomatoes shipped up northwards'

We stopped buying tomatoes at the regular supermarket chains years ago and switched to Costco. Not sure whether all Costco outlets get their produce from the same sources but the local ones here usually have two or three different sources which differ a lot in flavor. Local farmers markets are another option.

Robert Prior @ 1642: Re: 'HP toner cartridges'

Some Costcos have/had toner cartridge refill booths - various brands including HP. I've also had refills done at small independents.

Charlie:

Some time ago you asked folks here whether they thought that 'narrative' was important. Didn't respond back then because I hadn't really thought about it and couldn't come up with an answer that felt clear, satisfactory and rational.

To me the answer is 'yes, narrative is important' - not just for a listing of interesting characters or situations but also for how various story elements do or do not mesh. The 'mesh' bit is key because it means that 'time' (sequence) is involved and the timing/sequence is where you get a lot (if not most) of the meaning. (Hmmm ... hi-techie modernist approach could be: just print an Excel sheet showing each word with its frequency in the text.)

And, it turns out that 'time' is likely an integral part of our brain. (Note: Small sample study caveats apply.)

https://www.sciencealert.com/time-cells-in-the-brain-could-be-more-crucial-than-we-ever-realized

'"We are interested in exploring whether complex timing behavior tasks could be a useful way to detect the early onset of Alzheimer's disease," says senior author of the study, neurobiologist James Heys.

There's also growing interest in how 'time blindness' – a symptom of ADHD and autism – arises. Understanding how time is mapped and recorded in the brain could help progress investigations there, too.

The researchers note that while they found the MEC has a clear role in timing, there are other regions in the MTL, like the hippocampus and lateral entorhinal cortex, that also encode time.'

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 03:01
1647:

I use an M1 mini that I bought discounted after the M2s were introduced, I expect similar discounts to be available when the expected M3 or M4 upgrade happens. Bear in mind RAM & storage are not economically upgradeable on these machines* and order according to your needs. What I do with my Mac doesn't require the pro SOC, someone else might speak in a more informed fashion than me. *It could've been designed with sockets for memory and storage, but there would've been a performance hit.

 runix replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 03:15
1648:

I've bought HP-compatible toner from Canada Toner and found it works in an old HP 1518ni, for what that's worth.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Moz | June 30, 2024 03:51
1649:

I don't know what you're using, but I'm used to being able to set a "vehicle type" for navigation systems. Available types of non-ICE vehicles have included racing and touring bicycles (with different acceleration and top speeds), roller skates, walking and long-distance running. Your cargo bike may still be an issue, but "touring bike" could be at least close enough for government work.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 30, 2024 04:41
1650:

Thanks. Any idea when the M3/M4 upgrade might happen?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from runix | June 30, 2024 04:45
1651:

Thanks. If I can get the printer working again (and if it lasts until I need more toner) I'll try them out.

 AlanD2 replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 30, 2024 04:52
1652:

"Born January 1946 - anyone more ancient than me, here?"

Yes, by three months.

Born February 1944, so I've got both you and Greg beat by a bit. (Not that I really want too - I'd love being in my 20s again!)

I'm slowly recovering from a fractured fibula (stupid bicycle accident a block from home last October). I'm sure I would have healed a lot faster 60 years ago! But I've recovered well enough to be back on my bike again, with a number of rides of up to 42 miles (I have almost 25,000 miles on my current bike). Biking is pretty easy for me now - it's walking that's a bit painful at times and slows me down!

 Moz replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 30, 2024 04:58
1653:

Google maps. Setting it to bicycle works as well as expected for route-finding, but falling back to accellerometer for turn detection sucks. I found that touching the screen was much more reliable if GPS wasn't working.

TrailForks is an MTB park finding app that I've used and it has similar issues, although I don't think it's even supposed to work if there's no GPS. It also sucks if there's no data connection, but it appears to be the One True App that everyone use so it's a bit "pay for the app, buy a phone that supports it or fuck right off". At least around Sydney. There are lots of "singletrack parks" with one way tracks and few to no signposts. People get suprisingly upset if you just bumble into the park and ride round randomly, amusingly including the "it's our park so we're allowed to ride this track the wrong way but you need to obey the fucking rules" group that I met once. I did find out that the rules were only posted on TrailForks, so at least I knew where to find them once I got home.

 Greg Tingey | June 30, 2024 09:11
1654:

AlanD2 Congratulations - you are now the OFFICIAL "Charlie's Diary" geriatric.
{ The still missing-in-action "Elderly Cynic" is known to be younger than me }

Tomatoes
I'm trying a new variety - new not just to me, but to the market ...
They are growing at a ridiculous rate, are already loaded with trusses - might see the first ripe/edible ones by 15th July?
{ I am growing a total of nine different varieties, though. }

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | June 30, 2024 09:16
1655:

"but nothing ever fails"

updated from

"we are Ma Bell and as the one and only Phone Company we can be trusted with absolute power"

for an understanding of monopolistic downsides and executive epic fails and shortsighted greed and nation-wide aftershocks:

https://pluralistic.net/2024/06/28/dealer-management-software/

 AlanD2 replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 30, 2024 10:03
1656:

Congratulations - you are now the OFFICIAL "Charlie's Diary" geriatric.

An honor I would gladly forego, Greg... 😕

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 10:47
1657:

For your uses, a Mac Mini will do fine. It's also probably more use than an iMac insofar as you already have the monitor -- I've been running on iMacs for the past decade but am moving back to separates (monitor and system unit) these days.

The one fly in the ointment is video editing (up to 4K) -- for that you need the beefiest machine you can afford, in terms of both memory and storage. Per my other half (who also does video editing on a Mac) her Macbook Air 15" with 24Gb RAM and 2Tb SSD is extremely quick (significantly beating her 10 core i9 intel iMac), and an M2 mini will do just fine, but you want to max out memory and storage because they're not upgradeable after the fact (the Apple Silicon kithas RAM and SSD soldered on the motherboard), although you can use external SSDs (or hard drives) for stuff you're not actively editing.

Apple look to be having fab level production difficulties with the M3 processor so have already moved to the M4 for the latest iPad Pro -- expect M4 Mac Mini and Mac Studio models to show up late this year.

 Howard NYC | June 30, 2024 11:06
1658:

"WAR BY OTHER MEANS AND METHODS"

in terms of dollars expended to perform and dollars of damage done, there are cheaper ways of fighting than a rolling a sixty ton mainline battle tank across national borders that hurt your enemy worse than cannon fire

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/30/europe/russia-hybrid-war-nato/index.html

QUOTE

“At the moment, most of these people are just proxies that are paid by the GRU, they aren’t trained to do these types of operations, they might be seen as a testing mechanism conducted by the Russians to see where the weaknesses of Western critical national infrastructure are,”

 Moz replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 30, 2024 11:38
1659:

Not to mention that they're competing with billionaires and other "investors" to break things. It's not Russian hackers that are filling English rivers with human shit.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Moz | June 30, 2024 12:20
1660:

Odd. I only normally lose GPS signal on the North side of high buildings.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Howard NYC | June 30, 2024 12:40
1661:

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/30/europe/russia-hybrid-war-nato/index.html

"The seemingly random attacks have one thing in common: according to local officials, they are all linked to Russia."

 Tim H. replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 14:32
1662:

OGH likely has it right, unless TSMC runs into difficulties. M4 looks like temptation for M1 users.

 Greg Tingey | June 30, 2024 14:44
1663:

AlanD2
My walking is slowing down, because my second-set up of spinal discs ... basically aren't.
Which pinches the nerves & gives me tingles & pains in the legs & I have to be careful about lumbar support.
OTOH, I find cycling easier, & it doesn't seem to affect my back adversely ... still, whatever the pains of increasing age, it seems to beat the alternative.

 Robby replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 30, 2024 15:10
1664:

Whilst I agree that the assorted position, navigation and timing constellations should be resistant to Kessler syndrome due to sitting ~20,000km higher, I wonder about the signals getting through.

The signals are incredibly weak, I'm always amazed that a cheap mobile phone can pick them up so well. They also need to arrive on time, coming in a straight line. If kessler syndrome puts a layer of chaff in between satellite and receiver, I wonder how much the signal will be degraded.

Not an insurmountable problem to fix - new satellites with more powerful transmitters, and bigger antennas at the receiving end - but it still makes everything just that little bit worse than it is now.

Personally I would love to work on the post-Kessler cleanup. There's a lifetime of interesting work there.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | June 30, 2024 15:52
1665:

Re: '... pinches the nerves & gives me tingles & pains in the legs & I have to be careful about lumbar support.'

If you've never tried tai chi there's growing evidence that it helps overall health incl. balance which tends to deteriorate with age/back problems. I've tried some tai chi exercises - easy to do and relaxing. Below is an intro video from the (US) Arthritis Foundation.

https://www.arthritis.org/health-wellness/healthy-living/physical-activity/yoga/tai-chi-exercises-for-arthritis

I miss EC too! Still puts a smile on my face remembering the two of you 'discussing' various topics - quite the Statler and Waldorf vibe. :)

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X6I_dKUYyI4&t=26s&ab_channel=TheClassicMuppetShowClipsandEpisodes

Let us know how the different tomato varieties work out within the context of their growing conditions. Over here we've been getting more rain than usual so the ground isn't nearly as warm. My neighbor's potato plants are growing like mad but it's too early to say whether this growth is favoring the leaves or the spuds.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Robby | June 30, 2024 15:56
1666:

»Not an insurmountable problem to fix«

It all comes down to be able to (roughly) predict how many free electrons are between the transmitter and the receiver.

Terrestial transmitters (ie: LORANng) will not get quite the same performance, but it is /very/ jam-resistant because peak power is measured in Megawatt.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | June 30, 2024 16:44
1667:

Thanks for your advice. What I can afford is basically a trade-off between wants (the new computer is more want than need right now).

For video editing I'm planning on sticking to iMovie (or maybe Filmora). While I'd love to play with Final Cut that's most a 'might be kinda fun' speculation. My cameras shoot 4k which is why I'd like to be able to handle that, but I suspect any output would be at 1040 to give myself room for lossless cropping and framing. And to be honest I might not do this even if I was gifted a top-of-the-line Mac because video takes a lot of time (and has a fairly steep learning curve) and I'm a bit surprised at how little spare time I have in retirement (or rather, how many different things I want to do).

Sounds like with new models due this year the thing to do is hold off until the new models arrive and then either spring for one of them or get an M2 at a discount.

Immediate task is to spend an hour or two rearranging furniture to move my printer and see if the problem was hardware or software. And if hardware, try to locate a repair tech and see how much a diagnostic will cost. Too bad my most technical nephew is on Lasqueti Island (4000 km away, because Canada is really big).

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 16:47
1668:

I've decided I should seriously think of getting a new Mac. I went to the Apple store last week to look at Mac Minis, which seem like the best option. I already have a keyboard and mouse, so would need to buy a monitor, but Mini+(non-Apple monitor is less than an iMac.

I do this for a living. Mac Minis are great. As long as your use case is to always us it at a desk. I have an M1 MacMini sitting to my left just now. It does all kinds of stuff for me. Testing, playing videos when I just want to listen, etc...

But my main computer is an M2 MacBook Air. At my desk it has a single connection to an HP Z27k 4k display. The display has built in USB hub, 4K video in, wired Ethernet, and supplies 90W of power to the laptop. So it works like a MacMini. Except at any time I can unplug the single cable and take it to the sofa or out the door. Especially on the back desk. While at my desk I use a keyboard and mouse. And unless I need to do a video chat I keep the lid closed.

The Z27K (at $540 before tax and shipping) is a bit much for most people but it matches what some of my business folks use so it made sense for me. Dell now has some similar options. Some cheaper. But if you have a display and the other bits an Anker mini dock for $30 at Amazon will give you most of the features of my setup. It was what I used until the 15 year old display I was using finally died.
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B08C9HZ5YT/
And there are other Anker docks with different feature sets and prices.

All of the business users and home users I work with now by laptops. The Mac Minis are special cases for those who want a fixed setup that never moves.

No mater what go as big as you can for memory. 24GB or more. And 512GB of storage minimum. You did say a 10 year purchase?

 David L replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 30, 2024 16:59
1669:

Bear in mind RAM & storage are not economically upgradeable on these machines* and order according to your needs. What I do with my Mac doesn't require the pro SOC, someone else might speak in a more informed fashion than me. *It could've been designed with sockets for memory and storage, but there would've been a performance hit.

HUGE.

Apple moved the memory and storage controller onto the CPU dies. And what people call memory onto the same die. Which means that much of what you pay for in addition the bit storage of "normal" memory and storage systems is directly integrated into the CPU bus system. No connectors to slow things down and be failure points. So you tend to get much more reliability and performance or a similar traditional design.

But this means no upgrade of memory. It is literally baked into the CPU chip.

Storage is similar but different. All of the control circuits are on the CPU die. Just the storage bits are not. And since no one but cell phones use this setup they just solder it down. Again for performance and reliability. While you can't upgrade the storage inside such a Mac external storage (USB-A up to Thunderbolt 4) gives lots of options.

Some folks, mostly old farts, don't like this and refuse to buy a Mac due to it. I got over it and like the reliability and smaller size of my Mac stuff. (Says he with a wire wrap tool and other old fart things in the drawers.)

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 17:05
1670:

Any idea when the M3/M4 upgrade might happen?

Shakes 8 ball.

It says "Ask Apple, but they never tell."

As I said, I'm in the business and about the only thing that is sure is that when a hardware design has been out for a year there is a good chance of it being replaced soon. Except when it isn't. Some designs, especially MacMinis have lasted for 3 or more years.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | June 30, 2024 17:08
1671:

I'll need to buy a monitor, but the chap at the Apple Store said I could get cheaper monitors than an Apple model that would work nicely. I've noticed that despite using a screensaver fairly aggressively my iMac has some screen burn-in (which is annoying when editing photos) so the ability to change a screen without having to change the whole computer seems a good idea.

I thought of a laptop, but I'm mostly working at my desk at home. I have a 15" MacBook that I use when travelling and the screen is too small to work on now (my eyes aren't what they used to be). And I can't read it easily in bright light like outside. A Mini seems to be cheaper than a MacBook with the same specs (unless I'm missing something).

Ten year purchase, hopefully. I was looking at 16 GB and 1 TB storage, but would I be better future-proofed with 24 GB and 0.5 TB? Hooking up an external drive isn't a problem in a fixed system, so I was planning on using external drives to store my media.

 David L replied to this comment from paws4thot | June 30, 2024 17:11
1672:

Odd. I only normally lose GPS signal on the North side of high buildings.

I think you're in the UK or nearby. Most GPS sats likely are south of you most of the time.

Personally in NYC in 2019 we had issues in some of the building canyons. I suspect way too little signal getting down the 20 to 50 story canyons and what did maybe had some bounce issues.

 David L replied to this comment from Robby | June 30, 2024 17:14
1673:

The signals are incredibly weak, I'm always amazed that a cheap mobile phone can pick them up so well.

It is amazing what 50 years of continuous DSP (Digial Signal Processing) chip design improvements can do.

This is why a GPS 20 years ago was 5 to 10 times the size of a cell phone today. Standalone and a gray display with black lines. And 10 years before that was 10 times that size.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 17:18
1674:

Ten year purchase, hopefully. I was looking at 16 GB and 1 TB storage, but would I be better future-proofed with 24 GB and 0.5 TB?

YES

Memory is what is it for the life of the system. Storage is something you can add later. I have a Synology NAS with 12 gig of storage in it and room for a LOT more if needed down the road.

Again, having ONE system for everything sure simplifies life.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Robby | June 30, 2024 17:21
1675:

Chaff has to be an integer multiple of a quarter of the radiation wavelength (i.e. 1/4, 1/2, 1, or a direct multiple) -- it has to act like a dipole or it's ineffective. (I suspect it's militarily obsolescent these days due to frequency-agile transmitters being a thing these past 40-50 years.) Chances of Kessler syndrome producing lots of satellites shredded to that precise length is practically zero.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | June 30, 2024 17:23
1676:

I'll need to buy a monitor, but the chap at the Apple Store said I could get cheaper monitors than an Apple model that would work nicely.

Apple branded (and sold by) are fantastic. And you pay for it. Their current Studio Display is Thunderbolt connected, very high res and color accurate, has a built in decent camera and maybe speakers (I can't remember.) And I think is a USB and Thunderbolt hub. And periodically gets firmware updates. It is really a single purpose computer. And costs around $1500.

Dell makes some really good displays. I like them. LG has a LOT of fans. But I never seem to like them. But know people who love them.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from David L | June 30, 2024 17:24
1677:

Not exactly: https://www.tomsguide.com/news/m1-mac-upgrades-heres-how-you-can-add-more-ram-or-swap-out-an-ssd Mind you, I like the design, I've yet to see the "Spinning beach ball of doom" on my M1 mini.

 David L replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 30, 2024 17:27
1678:

Sorry. To me that is less of an upgrade than a lab experiment. Something for 1 in a million to maybe try. If that.

 David L | June 30, 2024 17:34
1679:

Tomatoes in the US.

First off I don't care for fresh ones. The strip mined ones on a sandwich I'll take off and still eat the sandwich. But I do like pizza and pasta sauces. Go figure.

Anyway, the strip mined tomatoes that have to be supplied to supermarkets year round are yes, mostly tasteless. I think most people add them to sandwiches out of habit more than anything else.

But a hug number of tomatoes are grown by smaller farms and individuals and sold at Farmers Markets or in specialty stores. And people growing their own tend to grow so many there are great seasonal give aways each year.

We were at the eye doc a few days ago and the tree dirt spaces in the parking lot had 20 to 30 tomato plants with stands growing. There are 20 to 40 people in the office. When we go back I plan to ask who is tending them.

 Retiring replied to this comment from David L | June 30, 2024 17:34
1680:

As a recovering former Apple user, I'm all too familiar with the professional guessers at https://buyersguide.macrumors.com/#Mac_Mini.

 Tim H. replied to this comment from David L | June 30, 2024 18:27
1681:

Perhaps not: https://www.tomshardware.com/laptops/macbooks/repair-shop-offers-2tb-ssd-upgrades-for-m1-m2-macbook-air You may have misremembered details: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Apple_M1

 David L replied to this comment from Tim H. | June 30, 2024 18:50
1682:

I think we're saying similar things but from a very different perspective.

The memory and controllers (system memory) (the 8GB, 16GB, etc....) are in the same package and the Mx chips. And can't be changed. Well not at a practical level except maybe for TLAs.

Storage memory (128GB, 256GB, etc...) is external to the CPU chip but all the the control circuits are in the Mx chip package.

So, yes, you in theory can swap out storage via some very skilled de-soldering and then soldering of what is designed to be done by a machine most likely in a flow control soldering manner.

I suspect the "is it worth it" vs just selling and buying new is a thin slice of the public.

Years ago (1971?) my father and I swapped out the engine in a 64 Ford Ranchero pickup truck. Straight 6 to a V8. The 6 was on its last legs and this seemed better than getting another utility truck to beat up on. Once done, in hindsight we would not have done it if we had known all the issues before we started. I have similar feelings about this type of upgrade.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from David L | June 30, 2024 18:58
1683:

I think you're in the UK or nearby. Most GPS sats likely are south of you most of the time.

They're in 55 degree inclination orbits, 55 for Beidou and 56 for Galileo. 64.8 for GLONASS, because Siberia. Anyway, if you're in the northern parts of the UK or in Scandinavia, you could find yourself in the signal shade on the north side of something if you don't have GLONASS.

 David L replied to this comment from Kardashev | June 30, 2024 19:27
1684:

Yes. But.

3 sats is the minimum for a fix. Althoug smart software and recent locations likely can get you there with 2. But as the numbers go up the accuracy does also.

And the farther north (or south) you go the move likely a building will limit the total number of sats you can "see" at any one time.

Or I'm missing something.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from David L | June 30, 2024 19:29
1685:

But a hug number of tomatoes are grown by smaller farms and individuals and sold at Farmers Markets or in specialty stores.

Also sold at roadside stands by farmers. The very most wonderful tomatoes we ever got were from a small stand in Matthews County, Virginia.

For some reason, small grape/cherry/cocktail tomatoes bought in supermarkets in the US are somewhat better than the tennis-ball size. Not great mostly, but better; Canadian hydroponic ones tend to be best.

 SFReader | June 30, 2024 19:38
1686:

Re: Basic life skills (cont'd)

Since no one's mentioned this yet: assembling IKEA furniture.

Key reasons for this:

a)Mass produced furniture is here to stay mostly because it's more affordable than hand-crafted.

b)IKEA is relatively low-cost and comes with easy-to-follow instructions. The furniture was specifically designed to be as simple as possible with the fewest functional components required.

c)People are relocating more often and farther so being able to take apart furniture or leave it behind/resell it is a plus.

d)Assembling IKEA is a good review of very basic geometry and mech physics - I think of it as an adult version of LEGO blocks. (Actually kids would probably enjoy helping assemble IKEA furniture.)

e)You don't need a tool inventory that costs thou$and$ most of which you'd never use again.

Pretty amazing what a few very basic shapes and a small number of construction elements can give you.

 Greg Tingey | June 30, 2024 20:38
1687:

SFR
It's very likely that many of the tomatoe-varieties I grow might not be available on the US market.
However: Bellandine f1 / Striped Red Stuffer / Rio Grande / Marglobe / Santalone / Grushovka / Principe di Borghese / Read Pear & Toddler.
The last-named are the "experimental" ones, Pde B is an old favourite, SRS is saved-seed, as you can't get them any more, Marglobe are an old, blight-prone, but delicious, Red Pear are a new try this year, I suspect I might "drop" Santalone & the Bellandine f1 are an unheated greenhouse type, that get very tall, crop late & produce enormous cylindrical sweet Italian toms.

Later ... assembly of "things" ... I once had the equivalent of a size 9.5 Meccano kit. Taught me a lot about putting things together.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from SFReader | June 30, 2024 20:42
1688:

Re: Basic life skills (cont'd)
assembling IKEA furniture.
Key reasons for this:

f: Have a daughter who is very handy with such things. (Thanks, Daughter!)

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | June 30, 2024 22:18
1689:

I have an Apple Studio Display, with the whizzy height-adjustable stand. It's gorgeous. It's also expensive as hell. My justification? My eyeballs are kinda fucked and I need the best monitor I can afford.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 00:39
1690:

I don't recognise any of those but my favourite down here is Grosse Lisse -- they're usually large but sweet and tasty with it.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from SFReader | July 1, 2024 01:02
1691:

Odd you should mention that. One of the projects I backed on Kickstarter is a game about relationships and assembling flat-pack furniture!

https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/offcut/ko-p/description

I backed the print-and-play version, which saved the cost and carbon footprint of shipping. (Also makes me more willing to risk the game around careless players, as I can just print more components.) And to be honest, assembling a game about assembling furniture tickled my fancy. :-)

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from SFReader | July 1, 2024 01:09
1692:

You don't need a tool inventory that costs thou$and$ most of which you'd never use again.

Very much this. Last week I was helping a friend build a deck. Much cheaper than hiring a contractor once you have the thousands of dollars of power tools necessary to make the job go quickly.

I figure my two days of work saved him less than a day (because I don't know what I'm doing so I work slowly and carefully). But if he'd been using my tool collection he still could have done it, probably by the end of July (or maybe August). Thinks like power drills and screwdrivers (one of each size you need so you're not spending time changing bits), a table saw to cut planks to size, a power sander… they save time, but they aren't cheap.

 Rocketpjs replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 1, 2024 02:04
1693:

The way my working life has gone I now have about 3 of almost every type of basic power tools, and at least one of each the major tools like table saw, router table and drill press.

3 separate workshops (home, 'day job', business) has meant it is better to have most tools ready to hand than to have to remember where the [relevant tool] is and go get it.

There are some gaps. I have none of the major electrical tools, I leave large electric jobs to the electricians. That said, most towns have a tool rental store of some kind where I am able to borrow a particular drill bit or power tool if it is overly specialized and expensive.

Tools are a great thing to buy second hand, mostly. I'm suspicious of 2nd hand table saws because the failure modes are so spectacularly awful.

 Damian replied to this comment from alantyson | July 1, 2024 02:15
1694:

Incidentally, I couldn't have pulled that if without a compass (a digital one on my dashboard, but still), so I'll give myself that point, too.

The thing about using a compass for navigation is not so much knowing which way is north (which is important and it's hard to use a map over a distance without ether that or signed roads), more knowing how to use it to take bearings of landmarks and get a fix on your location. Two bearings give you a point, not necessarily very precise, but three give you the famous "cocked hat", which is a small triangle on the map you know you should be within, and also gives a sense of the level of precision you are dealing with. This stuff was taught in high school when I did that in the 80s. The maths isn't hard, but it takes a little practice. See also correcting for magnetic versus true north and deviation (using the standardised compass rose on your map/chart).

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 02:36
1695:

Assuming that the ICE clunker is otherwise working, yes.

 Retiring replied to this comment from Damian | July 1, 2024 03:24
1696:

This stuff was taught in high school when I did that in the 80s.

Boy Scouts. The orienteering merit badge.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 04:51
1697:

Those family records were what I was thinking about as an amateur historian. It's nice to know, but any matter of import would be handled by lawyers.

If your attorney can't afford to employ a paralegal trained in the ancient art of cursive, well you've already lost.

If the tech bro LLM models and image recognition have replaced humans in the courtroom, then well, we're all fd.

I didn't know about the deep history of the https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mechanical_pencil Especially for drafting!

Thank you for that. BIC's corporate website claims they released their first mass produced plastic pencil in 1988, and I remember that. It was a novelty at that time. You could buy a hundred wooden pencils for the price of a piece of plastic with a sketchy spring.

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Moz | July 1, 2024 05:01
1698:

Assuming that's not suicidal, of course, because "I'm just going to jog down Gunbarrel Highway" is very unlikely to help anyone.

I thought that was a euphemism for a post collapse scenario. I didn't know "Gunbarrel Highway" was an actual road! Any relation to the Mad Max movies?

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Damian | July 1, 2024 05:58
1699:

1694 - SCE "O" Grade Geography (Alternative) in the 1970s, and not a Boy Sprout badge in sight!

 Moz replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | July 1, 2024 06:29
1700:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ58lTMQ16k Mignight Oil "Gunbarrel Highway"

It's a real road, more or less from Alice Springs going west until it hits another road. About 1300km. It's quite rideable or driveable if you have the right bicycle or motorised mobility aid. But there's not a lot of there, there. I've biked to the end of the sealed road and my companion at the time said yeah fuck that (we didn't have time or gear to ride through, and they didn't want to ride a day in and a day back). Riding on corrugated roads can be ok if there's a less-corrugated slice that wanders back and forth, or it can be just fucking ugly when there's not, especially if there's soft sand sections (common, Gibb River Road is a bit notorious for sand you can lose small cars in if you don't stop digging)

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gunbarrel_Highway

Mad Max is AFAIK fiction based on there being more oil than water in the deserts. I'm not sure where any of it was set but I'd be shocked if they went that far from everything. Priscilla shot a bunch of fairly remote places but very specifically in the context of "remote places with sealed road" which the aforementioned highway is not.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from alantyson | July 1, 2024 07:12
1701:

»give me a list of skills that you consider to be life-essential«

Knowing that magic is not a thing.

Understanding Chesterton's Fence.

Critical Reading.

High-School level physics and the required math.

 JHomes replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | July 1, 2024 07:22
1702:

"Understanding Chesterton's Fence."

and what's wrong with it.

JHomes

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 07:25
1703:

»3 sats is the minimum for a fix.«

For a fix in N dimensions, you need N+1 signals, because the measurements are time difference between all combinations of two signals.

3 sats will therefore only get you a 2D fix which is more or less OK, provided you know that you are on the surface of the planet, but the error and uncertainty will be quite large.

Tracking more than 8-ish signals from one of the current constellations does not materially improve error or uncertainty.

Tracking 4+ from multiple constellations only improves by sqrt(#constellations) because there are systematics.

If you have an incredibly stable (Cs-territory) and synchronized clock, you can find your position with just 1 satellite. Transit worked that way.

If you have an inertial facility, you can sanity check it with a single signal, as long as your route over ground is not the plane of that satellite's orbit.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Retiring | July 1, 2024 07:40
1704:

given recent reveals, the Boy Scouts of America as an organization will either under go a severe pruning and downsizing and unblinking observation =or= be driven into bankruptcy

apparently it is ranked #2 as nexus for pedophiles and aftermath coverups

(Roman Catholic Church still holds the #1 position on that list)

 Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 08:42
1705:

Retiring
So boy scouts are useful for something, other than bullying & paedophila?
No, I'm not a fan, how did you guess?
Oops - see also Howard NYC @ 1703

Boeing
I see Mr Doctorow has been proven correct ...
Too big to fail & too corrupt to care.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 11:19
1706:

Boeing:

nobody but whistleblowers having been punished, unlikely there's gonna be incentive for executives to implement a turn around towards minimum engineering standards

nightmare fuel as footnotes to any in depth analysis of "Enshittification"

(everyone would be advised to add that novel term to their spellcheckers, it is gonna get typed a lot in coming decades)

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/07/01/investing/boeing-spirit-aerosystems/index.html

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/30/business/boeing-plea-deal/index.html

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/29/business/boeing-criminal-charges-implications/index.html

 David L replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | July 1, 2024 13:11
1707:

You went in a different direction from my point.

If you're at the northern edge of the orbits and on the north side of something, the odds of you seeing more than one or two sats goes way down.

Which makes getting a GPS location hard.

 David L | July 1, 2024 15:04
1708:

Oops!

https://arstechnica.com/space/2024/07/chinese-space-firm-unintentionally-launches-its-new-rocket/

 Retiring | July 1, 2024 16:18
1709:

apparently it is ranked #2 as nexus for pedophiles and aftermath coverups

Makes you wonder just how much non-organizational pedophilia is going on.

I seem to have successfully threaded the Scylla of a Roman Catholic upbringing and the Charybdis of Boy Scouts.

But for BSA see for instance the "perversion file" database at https://spreadsheets.latimes.com/boyscouts-cases/. BSA came out of bankruptcy April of last year, according to NPR.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 16:27
1710:

"Oops!"

A truly catastrophic level failure. The rocket seems to have flown (unintentionally) for several miles before crashing and exploding somewhere outside of town. They will be very lucky if no one died.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Retiring | July 1, 2024 16:28
1711:

I belonged to the US Boy Scouts in the late '70's, early '80's, and it was some of the best times of my life. I owe a lot skills I have today to that program, No shenanigans going on as far as I could see.

 David L replied to this comment from DeMarquis | July 1, 2024 16:58
1712:

No shenanigans going on as far as I could see.

And I agree. The problem of course is that it doesn't take many bad things to blow up the good things. I have some involvement that I will keep to myself that involves situations similar to the BSA and RC church issues.

Basically all organizations with lots of kids tend to attract older teens and adults with unwelcome desires. (To put a bit of polish on it.)

So any adults who organize things like this for kids need to be aware and on the lookout. Sports, art, band, dance leagues, camping trips, whatever that is organized for kids. And organize things so the checks go down to staff and UP to organizers.

And most parents and other adults refuse to believe anyone they know or in such positions can do such things. And refuse to believe even when the facts slap them in the face. They just can't comprehend that it might be true.

So there an an apathy and/or resistance to putting in background checks and who can be alone with who policies and such. "I JUST CAN'T HAPPEN HERE."

And many times when denial gives up, it moves on to blame the victim. And denial and blaming by parents and adults can seriously screw up kids for life.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 17:05
1713:

David L @ 1669:

Storage is similar but different. All of the control circuits are on the CPU die. Just the storage bits are not. And since no one but cell phones use this setup they just solder it down. Again for performance and reliability. While you can't upgrade the storage inside such a Mac external storage (USB-A up to Thunderbolt 4) gives lots of options.

Some folks, mostly old farts, don't like this and refuse to buy a Mac due to it. I got over it and like the reliability and smaller size of my Mac stuff. (Says he with a wire wrap tool and other old fart things in the drawers.)

The main thing is it makes it impossible to buy an Apple computer with as much memory as you can afford NOW and add additional memory when you can afford it later.

OTOH, while you can still do this with a Windoze box, if your budget is tight, by the time you do have funds for additional memory the generation of memory you need may have become obsolete & scarcer than hen's teeth (and priced accordingly), so you're damned if you do and damned if you don't.

 Heteromeles | July 1, 2024 17:06
1714:

https://talkingpointsmemo.com/news/supreme-court-trump-immunity-jan-6-prosecution

Well, the SCOTUS has made it very hard for a POTUS to be prosecuted for official acts, including pressuring executive branch departments to go along with otherwise criminal acts.

Somehow, I hope this boomerangs on them. And on Trump and co. We’ll see.

Feel free to respond as you wish, I’ve got a busy couple of days ahead of me

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 1, 2024 17:22
1715:

Robert Prior @ 1671:

Ten year purchase, hopefully. I was looking at 16 GB and 1 TB storage, but would I be better future-proofed with 24 GB and 0.5 TB? Hooking up an external drive isn't a problem in a fixed system, so I was planning on using external drives to store my media.

Knowing you can't upgrade, go with the MAX memory and MAX size internal drive you can get (or afford).

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 17:29
1716:

The main thing is it makes it impossible to buy an Apple computer with as much memory as you can afford NOW and add additional memory when you can afford it later.

Yep: you absolutely have to max out on RAM when you buy an Apple Silicon Mac. (On the other hand, they make better use of what RAM they've got than old-school Macs did, even before you factor in stuff like dynamic memory compression.)

On the other hand, Thunderbolt 4 gives you PCIe over a 34Gbit/s minimum speed connection. Which should provide reasonable throughput to NVMe SSDs if anyone builds a suitable enclosure/host for them. (Snark there: speaking from experience, the host controller in an Apple Silicon Mac can saturate a plain old-fashioned USB-C 3.1 SSD. These machines are wicked fast.)

 JohnS replied to this comment from SFReader | July 1, 2024 17:42
1717:

SFReader @ 1686:

Re: Basic life skills (cont'd)

Since no one's mentioned this yet: assembling IKEA furniture.

I don't think I've ever assembled an actual IKEA piece, but I've done a fair bit of what (I think) are called flat-pack furniture. Does IKEA use wood, or particle board/MDF?

I've dealt with both. Wood is more durable.

When I moved out here I needed new end tables for my couch. I finally found a pair of flat-pack wood (& MDF) file cabinets from Home Depot that were suitable.

 David L replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 17:48
1718:

There is now and has always been a trade off in buying now and the cost of upgrading later.

I read an article in PC Magazine in 1989 by Bill Machrone where the tag line was "the computer you want always costs $5,000." Some started referring to this as Machrone's Law. Here's an article from 2 years ago referencing that original article and the issues.
https://www.pcmag.com/news/1982-vs-2022-has-technology-really-become-more-affordable

A computer back then was made of of dozens of discrete components assembled into a "box" that was a computer. Power supply, memory sticks, a disk controller, a disk drive, maybe the same for floppy drives, a graphics card, a serial card, a parallel card, a case, and a logic board. And maybe a network and/or modem card. Careful you don't buy end of tech life stuff or you'll get to spend $400 to $1000 to keep up within a year or two. And all of these had much higher failure rates individually then than entire systems today.

As a side note there was a non trivial amount of tech consternation with SIMMs, DIMMs, soDIMMs and such taking over from memory chips.

Over time most of these things have collapsed down to just a few components. The latest Apple moves to how their Mx silicon works are just a continuation on that path.

Now to pricing. A current full price Apple MacBook Air 15" fully decked out (24GB/2TB) retails for $2500. A 16" MacBook Pro decked out (128GB/8TB) is $8000. You can get it down to $5200 by dropping to 64GB/4TB.

These laptops will outrun that $5000 desktop from 1989 by a factor of 50 to 1000 depending. You can edit hours of 8K video on these things. No video editing of any practical nature back in 1989. Well maybe on beefy mini-computers. But that was the time of linear editing.

We are all stuck in our past to some degree. Personally a new in package dress shirt for use with a suit should cost $12. Which is did in 1970. Now it costs $50 to $150. I tend to buy off the returns rack.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | July 1, 2024 17:54
1719:

Which should provide reasonable throughput to NVMe SSDs if anyone builds a suitable enclosure/host for them.

I've seen Thunderbolt 3 chassis boxes. I suspect there will be TB 4 boxes now or at some point. I don't look for such as it is a market no one I know plays in.

But if you need that maybe you just buy a MacBook Pro with 128GB/8TB. Which just seems insane for a laptop that's only 1.7cm thick.

 David L replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 18:00
1720:

Does IKEA use wood, or particle board/MDF?

Yes. Their rep is for all particle board door room stuff. But they have higher quality stuff.

Their kitchen cabinets range from skinned particle board up to nice solid wood. I've seen both installed. And even the lower end ones are decent. Once you figure them out it isn't too hard to do. But you should practice on one before the crew shows up.

I have an place holder to bid on a kitchen full of solid wood birch wood IKEA kitchen cabinets. There is are some apartments being gutted and converted to offices. I have my hat in the ring to take them all out. I'll use them to redo my kitchen.

 JohnS replied to this comment from DeMarquis | July 1, 2024 18:15
1721:

DeMarquis @ 1711:

I belonged to the US Boy Scouts in the late '70's, early '80's, and it was some of the best times of my life. I owe a lot skills I have today to that program, No shenanigans going on as far as I could see.

Unlikely you would have seen any unless you were directly on the receiving end.

The real problem with the Boy Scouts (and the RC church et al) is they covered up the crimes to protect the reputations of the institutions at the expense of the children being molested.

The difference between BSA & the RC church and other organizations is they ORGANIZED the cover-ups on a national scale instead of just doing cover-ups ad hoc like the evangelicals do.

[Scout 1961-1967]

 David L replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 18:18
1722:

instead of just doing cover-ups ad hoc like the evangelicals do.

Nope. Sorry. It was organized. And is getting messy.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 1, 2024 18:26
1723:

Heteromeles @ 1714:

https://talkingpointsmemo.com/news/supreme-court-trump-immunity-jan-6-prosecution

Well, the SCOTUS has made it very hard for a POTUS to be prosecuted for official acts, including pressuring executive branch departments to go along with otherwise criminal acts.

Somehow, I hope this boomerangs on them. And on Trump and co. We’ll see.

Feel free to respond as you wish, I’ve got a busy couple of days ahead of me

The long term unintended consequences are pretty dire, but I expect the current court majority to overturn this decision as soon as the GQP can get a former Democratic President in their sights ...

Short term, it's a TOTAL VICTORY for Trumpolini because it's gonna' screw any chances for him to be tried before the election.

IF Biden does manage to win in November he should instruct the DoJ to go after Thomas and Alito for bribery & kickbacks; and the wives for their roles in the insurrection ... but he won't.

 Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 18:34
1724:

H & JohnS
ISTM that the US "SCOTUS" is betting on a DJT victory in Novemeber & don't fucking care. After which any remnants of supposed democracy in the USA will vanish, very quickly indeed.
Next - how long after that before the various factions of US christofascism turn on each other?
Will there be a Night of the Long Knives? Who will succeed Trump as Fürer if he dies in, say 2026 { His selected Veep, or a.n. other? }
Who wDJT "wins" in Novemebr, there won't be another election until after a very messy civil war & the disentegration of the USA - & that after an extended Time of Troubles.
Think Britain 1642 - 1661 or even 1689, or Pre-Romanov Russia 1598-1613

Note: This is a very thin-skinned covering over a very bad, old idea: It USED to be called - The Divine Right of Kings

 Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 18:42
1725:

Bugger ....
Autoediting screwed with that .. I shoould add the missing bits: -trying again

H & JohnS ISTM that the US "SCOTUS" is betting on a DJT victory in Novemeber & don't fucking care. After which any remnants of supposed democracy in the USA will vanish, very quickly indeed.
Next - how long after that before the various factions of US christofascism turn on each other?
Will there be a Night of the Long Knives? Who will succeed Trump as Führer if he dies in, say 2026 { His selected Veep, or a.n. other? }
If DJT "wins" in Novemeber, there won't be another election until after a very messy civil war & the disentegration of the USA - & that after an extended Time of Troubles. Think Britain 1642 - 1661 or even 1689, or Pre-Romanov Russia 1598-1613, or France 1789-1815.
Who will he try to jail &/or kill, as soon as he's in office, apart from Judge Merchan & B Obama?
"Security" on the Canadian border could be INTERESTING

Note: This is a very thin-skinned covering over a very bad, old idea: It USED to be called - The Divine Right of Kings

 Boyd Nation replied to this comment from DeMarquis | July 1, 2024 18:48
1726:

As someone who currently works with Scouts, I'd acknowledge the failures of the past and say, as David L. as alluded to, that all large youth organizations are either recovering from their historical problems or are still in denial about them. With that in mind, the Scouts as currently constituted are well down the road toward recovery - the current Youth Protection Training program is the best I've seen (I also volunteer with a church and a county school district, so I've had to go through multiple different programs), and all of the troops that I've interacted with (both the one I work with and those I've encountered during district and camp activities) take the rules seriously.

The ongoing financial difficulties at this point have more to do with trends in youth activity levels - the move toward electronic entertainment (with a dose of stranger danger panic from the parents) and the growth of travel youth sports to soak up the more active kids has reduced the overall numbers of kids (or parents) that are interested. A smaller but significant contributing factor has been conflict with older, more traditional churches, who in times past would often serve as troop sponsors in the States, as Scouting's moves toward inclusiveness for LGBT kids and leaders has caused a lot of churches to move away from BSA.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from DeMarquis | July 1, 2024 18:59
1727:

given the stranglehold upon mass media and there being bloggers suicidally inclined, any causalities amongst unsuspecting Chinese civilians will be attributed to banananana peels slipped upon whilst showering

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 19:16
1728:

"friction burns whilst crunching billons of bytes of raw data due to your workstation exceeding Mach One are not the responsibility of the manufacturer"

it's that same, oft repeated story, the faster the hardware, the more massive the demands placed upon it by software and ever higher expectations of the meat puppet on the keyboard whining about never getting enough done fast enough

if I could stack up 10,000 of my current (generic) Dell laptop into a time machine, the DOE/DOD/Wall Street circa 1980 would get into a bidding war likely resulting in me being served a writ of eminent domain or other such governmentally approved modes of theft... by the standards of that moment, that forty tons of 'future tech' would easily be worth a billion dollars... especially if I tossed in the full source code for Linux kernel providing massively parallel calculating... and halfway decent CAD/CAM app providing CNC scripting and detailed parts explosion...

my newest motto:

"our greed for better tools will always exceed our resources for building those tools"

 timrowledge replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 19:18
1729:

“These laptops will outrun that $5000 desktop from 1989 by a factor of 50 to 1000 depending.” I’d say you are out by several orders of magnitude there. 1989 might possibly get you an early intel 386, and maybe, perhaps, 1Mb of ram. My very first Raspberry Pi - the single core ARM 1176 @60MHz with 512MB ram would probably best that by 3-400. For 35 2012 dollars. Current high end laptops might be as much as a million times faster than a 1989 386 box for the equivalent of what, $2000 back then? Including perhaps 10x the pixels, probably thousands of times the network bandwidth, 100,000 times the ‘disk’ space, etc. It’s a really hard factor to wrap your head around even when you’ve been involved in making it happen.

And this post probably needs retitling to “Is SCOTUS trying to commit suicide”

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 19:27
1730:

picture this:

on 31 OCT 2024 Trump chokes on a greaseburger, laughing his fool head off upon hearing of Biden having a horrific stroke... with both dead (or mostly braindead) their VP's get kicked up a notch on their party tickets

election night is a roiling sullen mess

Harris will demand recounts and will win Georgia, Wisconsin, and three other 'purple states' only by a few hundred votes each resulting in lawsuits that will all be kicked up to the supreme court... but before SCOTUS gets these radioactive hot potatoes, Harris as newly sworn POTUS signs an executive order adding four new justices... given her immunity thank to the convoluted nonsense of the "Trump Rule", she can order Congress into continuous session without food or water to vote yeah-or-nah on her four hand selected candidates without fear of being charged with a felony

wanna guess who wins...?

 whitroth replied to this comment from alantyson | July 1, 2024 19:32
1731:

The numbers I posted were Philadelphia. The first was in Germantown (a then-integrated naighborhood that got more blacks moving in, and the latter was University City.

 Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 19:33
1732:

Turn it Loose - NOW! - step aside Elon.

timrowledge @ 1728
NO: They are trying for domination as enforcers-for-the-dictator.

 David L replied to this comment from timrowledge | July 1, 2024 19:34
1733:

It’s a really hard factor to wrap your head around even when you’ve been involved in making it happen.

I was trying to avoid hyperbole. But yes. In the 80s we had our software in 2500 offices with an average of 4 or 5 screens each. Some 1 screen, some 80 screens. Anyway call it 10,000 screens. Each screen was a stand alone computer. With a shared disk system for each office. My shirt pocket has more computer power and total memory (CPU and storage) than all of those systems combined. By a decent margin measured in 0s.

Back to the original point. If you can't upgrade or add to it stretch your budget and buy as much as you can of "it". And for 40+ years people keep under budgeting for computers. "But my neighbor's son who is a freshman in civil engineering said ...." That thud is the sound of my head hitting the table.

 whitroth replied to this comment from SFReader | July 1, 2024 19:34
1734:

Well, repairing shoes is not a thing. Heel replacement, yeah. Soles? They want almost as much as a new pair. And I am Not Happy.

 David L replied to this comment from Boyd Nation | July 1, 2024 19:38
1735:

Scouting's moves toward inclusiveness for LGBT kids and leaders has caused a lot of churches to move away from BSA.

Yes. In the US until things blew up all LDS (the Mormons) had a scout troop and all boys (of the church) were expected to participate. I haven't followed things but I think I remember them splitting out into a new organization.

Methodists were similar. But different. I haven't been following it but with the Methodists splitting into 2 or 3 separate groups over such issues a few months ago I expect at least one of them to continue or get back into scouting.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | July 1, 2024 19:38
1736:

Let me add more failure modes: the GPS has its own idea of how you should go, and really doesn't like you going differently. 15 years ago, in Chicago, it wanted me to go down the Edens and up the Kennedy, rather than the far easier straight-across-via-Devon. In the last year, we're coming from one place, and going to another, and it kept demanding that we go out onto the Interstate, which we did NOT want to do, because it was shorter and faster on city streets.

But I try to look at the map before we leave, so I know where we're going. Which means I don't suddenly discover I have .5 mi to cross four lanes of heavy traffic for an exit (and, of course, the people who do that feel that it's everyone else's problem, not theirs).

 whitroth replied to this comment from ilya187 | July 1, 2024 19:41
1737:

Disagree: cursive is faster than printing - you don't have to take the point off the page as much.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Howard NYC | July 1, 2024 19:43
1738:

Never ran into a tomato problem when I lived in FL, although the Space Coast isn't big on agriculture.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Moz | July 1, 2024 19:45
1739:

Wish I could read it. I get about three paragraphs, then it stops. Wants me to sign in.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 19:49
1740:

David L @ 1718:

There is now and has always been a trade off in buying now and the cost of upgrading later.

I read an article in PC Magazine in 1989 by Bill Machrone where the tag line was "the computer you want always costs $5,000." Some started referring to this as Machrone's Law. Here's an article from 2 years ago referencing that original article and the issues.
https://www.pcmag.com/news/1982-vs-2022-has-technology-really-become-more-affordable

I remember a similar article in PC Mag by John Dvorak a few years later, but the price of the desirable computer had come down to $2,500 by then.

But the main point is the computer WAS upgradable later. I wanted more performance than my current computer could provide ... maybe I even NEEDed more performance.

I couldn't afford a new computer ... but with some replacement parts (which I could afford) I could have a computer that came closer to meeting my needs ... and I knew if my needs changed in the future I would be able to upgrade again.

Or at least I used to be able to do that.

A computer back then was made of of dozens of discrete components assembled into a "box" that was a computer. Power supply, memory sticks, a disk controller, a disk drive, maybe the same for floppy drives, a graphics card, a serial card, a parallel card, a case, and a logic board. And maybe a network and/or modem card. Careful you don't buy end of tech life stuff or you'll get to spend $400 to $1000 to keep up within a year or two. And all of these had much higher failure rates individually then than entire systems today.

As a side note there was a non trivial amount of tech consternation with SIMMs, DIMMs, soDIMMs and such taking over from memory chips.

They were a boon to the home builder who wanted the most computer they could get for the money they had available ... and it was possible to buy parts as they became (financially) available and build the computer after you had accrued all the parts you needed. That's how I got my second computer1.

"Build Your Own Computer and Save a Bundle"

You COULD save a bundle. I built that $5,000 (or $2,500 - depending on whether you were reading Machrone or Dvorak) computer for less than $1,000 spread out over almost a year of buying it in pieces & parts (mostly from computer shows).

Over time most of these things have collapsed down to just a few components. The latest Apple moves to how their Mx silicon works are just a continuation on that path.

Now to pricing. A current full price Apple MacBook Air 15" fully decked out (24GB/2TB) retails for $2500. A 16" MacBook Pro decked out (128GB/8TB) is $8000. You can get it down to $5200 by dropping to 64GB/4TB.

These laptops will outrun that $5000 desktop from 1989 by a factor of 50 to 1000 depending. You can edit hours of 8K video on these things. No video editing of any practical nature back in 1989. Well maybe on beefy mini-computers. But that was the time of linear editing.

I don't do video editing. I'm still trying to achieve mastery of still photography.

But I agree with Robert Prior, the screen on a 15" Mackbook is just too small to use with old, tired eyes. I have a laptop (Windoze, not Mac) I use when traveling, and its screen is just too small for editing; almost too small for just viewing images. I only use it to read the cards from my camera and save them onto an external HDD.

We are all stuck in our past to some degree. Personally a new in package dress shirt for use with a suit should cost $12. Which is did in 1970. Now it costs $50 to $150. I tend to buy off the returns rack.

A good, high quality dress shirt will last. Take care of it and it won't be obsolete a year for now.

I still have a bunch of 'em I bought decades ago and they're still wearable; some would even be good enough for business (or at least acceptable if I had to put on a suit & tie to go to court).

Today's computers are vastly better, exponentially better, orders of magnitude better than those from 40 years ago.

But I still think maybe we've lost some useful things along the way.

1 ... and 3rd, 4th, etc ... although up until I bought THIS one, it was mostly the same "grandfathers axe" of computers.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 1, 2024 19:52
1741:

Not sure of the problem, but I can definitely recommend a source for compatible toner: tonerprice.com. Good prices, and compatible is.

In '12, the Center was going to change things, and we were not going to be able to buy consumables ourselves, they would do it. So, as I'd been assigned the one to take care of all the division's network printers, my manager had me take a survey, and guess what to buy for the next three years (by which time things would probably change again). I did, and got - this is not an exaggeration - two pallets of toner. Several had been damaged in shipping, and they sent replacements with no argument. Six months later, I needed toner for my cute little HP laserjet 1018 (yes, already obsolete). Was over $80 for OEM... and about $30 for compatible. And I got exactly the same quality of service that I had gotten ordering two pallets, and it all works.

So they're one of the very few online places I recommend.

 ilya187 replied to this comment from whitroth | July 1, 2024 19:53
1742:

I never said cursive is slower than printing. Cursive is faster -- but worse on every other metric, unless you are using a fountain pen.

 whitroth replied to this comment from SFReader | July 1, 2024 19:56
1743:

Is narrative important? I don't remember when it was asked, so I don't know the context.

However, if that's in a story, hell, yes. I am so tired of editors who want "character-driven stories"... where the narrative/plot is secondary, if not an afterthought. I join my club's book/magazine discussion, and I look at what wins awards.. and all novels want stories, not overbalanced with character. A story needs both, otherwise it fails.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Howard NYC | July 1, 2024 19:57
1744:

if I could stack up 10,000 of my current (generic) Dell laptop into a time machine, the DOE/DOD/Wall Street circa 1980 would get into a bidding war likely resulting in me being served a writ of eminent domain or other such governmentally approved modes of theft... by the standards of that moment, that forty tons of 'future tech' would easily be worth a billion dollars...

You are massively underestimating the amount of change!

Assuming your Dell has something like an 8 core i7 clocked at 2.4GHz (distinctly trailing edge this year), then it's able to crank out roughly 16-20GFlops (until it melts).

The Cray X-MP supercomputer, released in 1982 as a successor to the Cray-1, ran at 105MHz and had up to four processors. Maxed out, it could do 800MFlops.

So every single one of those generic Dell laptops has roughly 20-40 times the performance of the still in development next generation fastest supercomputer of 1982.

Also a maxed-out X-MP had nearly 40Gb of fixed disk storage, which is laughably small by 2024 laptop standards (my Macbook Pro currently has 18Tb of stuff hanging off it, of which 2Tb is built-in).

A fully loaded X-MP would set you back roughly $16-17M (including disks). So each of those Dells has the raw performance and storage of about 500 of the world's fastest supercomputer, retail value $8Bn except nobody has any computing tasks that need such a behemoth.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 20:00
1745:

My view, that I got from my parents, was that the Boy Scouts was a paramilitary organization. I went out, once, with a friend when I was 12, and it was fun, but not something I wanted to be in. MY late wife got our son in, to help socialize him (clinically-diagnosed ADHD). We pulled him out after one of the scoutmaster and his wife, who'd taken in her nephew, our son's friend, had him dress in black, and dumped him on child & family services of the city.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 20:00
1746:

David L @ 1722:

"instead of just doing cover-ups ad hoc like the evangelicals do."

Nope. Sorry. It was organized. And is getting messy.

Try re-reading it as "BSA-and-RC-church" (plus some others) did organized coverups.

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | July 1, 2024 20:02
1747:

Let me add more failure modes: the GPS has its own idea of how you should go, and really doesn't like you going differently.

Minor nit but I'll pick it as it matters to some degree.

GPS is positioning. The mapping application you are using does the routing. Most us us Google or Apple maps or similar as both our GPS positioning AND mapping. But I use Google maps on my phone way more often as a position or location finder than as a mapping app.

And Google Maps will give my more than one choice to start most times. And when I leave the planned route and it starts complaining I can just say "Siri, turn off map notifications for xxx minutes." and it shuts up.

 David L replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 20:05
1748:

Again. It WAS organized. Just behind the curtain. Think Wizard of Oz.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from whitroth | July 1, 2024 20:07
1749:

My view, that I got from my parents, was that the Boy Scouts was a paramilitary organization.

Founded by Lord Baden-Powell in the wake of the second Boer War, to (a) provide boys from the cities with an experience of healthy outdoor living, and (b) to ensure a healthy supply of soldiers trained for scouting/recon duties (rather than shoulder-to-shoulder massed rifle volleys) before the next war (a lot of the basic Scouts training would be applicable to what today we'd consider "special forces" work -- infiltrating enemy territory and doing recon).

So yes, you're absolutely right. Although the relevance is much more limited these days: armies like to train their own specops people and there are a lot of skills the SAS or US Army Rangers need that would be slightly frowned upon if exhibited by teenagers in a civilian setting.

 David L replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | July 1, 2024 20:16
1750:

Founded by Lord Baden-Powell in the wake of the second Boer War, to (a) provide boys from the cities with an experience of healthy outdoor living, and (b) to ensure a healthy supply of soldiers trained for scouting/recon duties (rather than shoulder-to-shoulder massed rifle volleys) before the next war

Did it wind up being aimed at more of the upper class as an intro before they started the path to being jr officers?

Not being snarky. One thing as the US entered WWI and WWII were the numbers of men who were physically not fit enough to enter basic training. And my understanding of the UK situation was it was much worse. Especially for those from cities.

I can't imagine poorer "lads" being able to participate in scouting. Or was war something to be left to the upper classes. At least until the trenches and slaughters of WWI happened.

 SFReader replied to this comment from timrowledge | July 1, 2024 20:17
1751:

Re: 'And this post probably needs retitling to “Is SCOTUS trying to commit suicide”'

Given how most are Rep-appointed, they probably think that at worst they'll be martyrs for the cause with statues built in their honor. Does anyone know whether there's any central group whose aim is to ensure that SCOTUS does its job as per their legal/constitutional mandate/job description without overstepping, sidestepping or just plain ignoring certain cases?

OOC (and because I've no idea how to start a search on this) who were the 'fundies' (if any) that made America Great? Just trying to see if there was anyone --- particularly in STEM areas where benefits often accrue to everyone vs. banking/finance/mfg where benefits accrue to solely/mostly to the owner(s).

Greg @ 1687: re: Tomatoes

Thanks! Haven't looked up all of them but both these heritage tomatoes Chesteron's Fence (ahem ... developed in the US in 1917) and Tomato Principe Borghese are available in NorAm. PB is supposed to make a really good sun-dried tomato. Maintaining the appropriate soil temp is definitely a challenge where I am.

https://westonseeds.com/product/tomato-principe-borghese/

Robert @ 1691: Re: 'Kickstarter is a game about relationships and assembling flat-pack furniture!'

When I first read this I thought 'how weird'. This morning I got the below article in my email bin. Now instead of thinking such games are weird, I'm thinking: what a terrific way to learn/teach! Better than YT vids because you get to try different approaches, make mistakes and actually learn.

https://www.theguardian.com/games/article/2024/jun/26/lawn-mowing-simulator-simulation-games

Some time ago (couple/few years?) I saw a bunch of videos about very creative furniture design that really showed the value of applied geometry. I can imagine using cardboard paper or really solid/firm thin plastic sheets to try some of these designs out first.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ohe9xOEIFkQ&ab_channel=Interesting%26CreativeDesigns

 Kardashev | July 1, 2024 20:22
1752:

On the Boy Scout thing, and just presenting anecdata, I was in the BSA from about 1952 to 1960 (old guy, right?) in a troop in SE Arizona. It was an very positive experience and, though there might have been abuses going on out of sight, they were out of sight and I never got a hint if they occurred. Likely there were many implicit things my young mind never picked up on. Probably there are many implicit things my current mind isn't picking up on. Asi es la vida.

What happened to the BSA organization after that, I have no idea.

 Kardashev replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 20:42
1753:

GPS is positioning. The mapping application you are using does the routing.

Right. GPS/Galileo/GLONAS/watever gives you position and perhaps velocity.

Everything after that is what the apps do with prior information (maps), your input requirements and other information.

But what the satellites give you is where you are at a given time. Everything else is left to something else.

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 20:48
1754:

It was specifically targeted at poorer lads, initially! And yes, the British Army had a huge problem during the Boer War with volunteers being rejected as unfit for service -- dental problems were a big no-no, but there was widespread rickets and other manutrition problems were rife. IIRC the rejection rate was around 50% of volunteers in 1900-02! During WW1 the official response included the first attempt (via food rationing) to ensure that everyone got a balanced diet, and this continued during WW2 (and was followed after the war by the establishment of the NHS).

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from SFReader | July 1, 2024 20:52
1755:

You can get good tomatoes in the US, just like you can get good cask-conditioned real ale and good cheese.

Just don't expect to find them in most supermarkets.

 Mr. Tim | July 1, 2024 21:08
1756:

About PC performance: The 25 Mhz 486 was introduced in 1989, so using that as the baseline.

For integer performance, from what I can tell, the current Intel processors are about 10x faster clock for clock as the 486, some versions will also run at 5 Ghz. That gives about a 20000x improvement in single CPU integer performance. If you have 10 cores on the chip and they can run at full speed and are fully & efficiently utilized (all three assumptions are suspect), that gives a total 200000x improvement.

Note that 32 bit vs. 64 bit usually has very little performance impact unless you are doing something that requires a huge amount of memory or are using 64 bit integers a great deal in your code.

Now, floating point performance is a whole different ball game, with amazing increases in IPC and SIMD instructions.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | July 1, 2024 21:55
1757:

And most parents and other adults refuse to believe anyone they know or in such positions can do such things. And refuse to believe even when the facts slap them in the face. They just can't comprehend that it might be true.

One of the consequences of the "stranger danger" panic is that, although children are primarily preyed upon by people they know, they have been taught to avoid strangers. It's not until the teenage years that they are more likely to be abused by someone who isn't a relative, teacher, or other authority figure.

I think of this every time I see hysteria being whipped up against "sex ed" in elementary schools, because although it's portrayed as drag queens teaching children bad words and sexual positions*, what it actually is is age-appropriate vocabulary, clear boundaries, and how to tell a responsible adult if someone keeps crossing them — including what to do when that someone is a parent or other authority figure (such as pastor).

Am I being too cynical in thinking that many of those whipping up the hysteria have a vested interest in children not knowing they're being abused, not knowing how to describe it, and not knowing how to report it?

* Slightly but not really sarcastic, based on fund-raising emails from Republican politicians.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from whitroth | July 1, 2024 22:00
1758:

The poster child for this is Ruthanna Emrys' A Half-Built Garden. Great characters. Awesome worldbuilding, and not one, but two(!!) throw-the-book-across-the-room plot issues.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 22:05
1759:

Does IKEA use wood, or particle board/MDF?

Both. More particle board than they used to, and some models have changed from solid wood to particle board (with or without wood veneer) over the years.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from whitroth | July 1, 2024 22:20
1760:

Let me add more failure modes: the GPS has its own idea of how you should go, and really doesn't like you going differently. 15 years ago, in Chicago, it wanted me to go down the Edens and up the Kennedy, rather than the far easier straight-across-via-Devon. In the last year, we're coming from one place, and going to another, and it kept demanding that we go out onto the Interstate, which we did NOT want to do, because it was shorter and faster on city streets.

Well, 15 years is an eternity in computer time, so it's not really fair to assume that that is still the case.

My iPhone is old (iPhone 6 running iOS 12) and it always shows me three optional routes and lets me pick, and I can modify the route somewhat. Including specifying things like "no highway" or "no tolls". new versions of the software are more capable and customizable.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 22:24
1761:

I agree with Robert Prior, the screen on a 15" Mackbook is just too small to use with old, tired eyes.

One of my nieces just returned a 15" MacBook for a 13". She also just got reading glasses. I don't think she's thought this through.

 SFReader replied to this comment from JohnS | July 1, 2024 22:24
1762:

Re: 'Today's computers are vastly better, exponentially better, orders of magnitude better than those from 40 years ago.'

Non-techie here ... no snark intended.

I thought that continual access to the 'cloud' meant that folk no longer needed to spend on ever bigger, more powerful, stand-alone, personal computing devices. Any heavy lifting they need to do could/would be done and stored in the 'cloud'.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from SFReader | July 1, 2024 22:41
1763:

I thought that continual access to the 'cloud' meant that folk no longer needed to spend on ever bigger, more powerful, stand-alone, personal computing devices.

Former techie here…

That was the dream/vision/pitch back when we called it "thin client services" in the 80s.

In practice, you have to keep replacing your personal devices because "the cloud" requires the bits on your device to be updated, and somehow older devices aren't supported very long.

I have an iPhone 6. The reason I'm going to replace it (likely this year if the iPhone SE4 comes out) is that it no longer works with most of the apps I want it to when travelling. I can't use the WestJet booking app. The browser no longer opens many websites. The Apple Wallet doesn't work. So few people have old phones that it's no longer 'worth it' for companies to support older models of hardware (and the associated software). How much of this is an economic decision based on costs and how much is an economic decision based on forced replacement I'll leave to others to discuss.

I will note that people like Cory Doctorow make a good argument that a lot of this is forced incompatibility to drive sales. (Read his non-fiction book The Internet Con for more details.)

 ilya187 replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 1, 2024 22:58
1764:

It’s like the housing crisis. The solution is likely to be slums, shanty towns, and squats and tenements in former business parks. With the linked breakdown of municipal planning in general, with all the follow on problems that will cause.

Hardly a solution to the housing crisis, but I think a step in the right direction:

https://www.sfgate.com/la/article/costco-housing-apartments-south-la-19541521.php

TL;DR: 800 housing units on top of a new Costco, with bunch of amenities included

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | July 1, 2024 22:58
1765:

dude, you've harshed my mellow {G}

it was a nice moment to dream of bringing to our earlier selves the means by which to solve all known problems and thereby turn Earth into a planet at peace, plenty of water 'n food, golf is never a televised sport, rainbows farted by unicorns, The Marvel Cinematic Universe's least effective movies never getting green lit, politicians starving due to lack of bribes from lobbyists, GRRMartin's Game of Thrones getting a coherent ending, climate change detected and reversed, Donald Trump convicted of rape whilst in grad school, 94% of all new cares are EV, etc

a near-paradise...

the exact numbers really are not the point, it was me cherishing the naive notion we could avoid the last forty-four years of escalating shitstorms by way of superior computing

my motto: "nerds to the rescue"

...we now return to our latest shitstorm already in progress

 timrowledge replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 1, 2024 23:04
1766:

Hell, we’re still using a 4 and a 3, original batteries and all. Going to need to replace soonish as the 3G is being turned off some day. I’m thinking second hand SE3.

 Greg Tingey | July 1, 2024 23:04
1767:

Charlie @ 1754
My paternal grendfather was rejected for miltary service, 1914-15 FOUR or possibly five times.
I still have his official certificate saying that "This man is permanently medically exempt & should not be given any hassle" ( Think "White Feather" OK? )
1890-1914 working conditions will/did do that to you.

Rbt Prior @ 1757
No - spot on. The hysteria is sexually corrupt vested interests hiding in plain sight.
As an ex-teacher, I saw this, sometimes. And sometimes, I didn't, until some pupils pointed it out to me (!)

 Moz replied to this comment from whitroth | July 1, 2024 23:06
1768:

Yeah, I ended up in a Chrome private window before it would render in full, the better browser[1] with various combinations of plugins wasn't happy. OTOH it's more or less a description of the various majoritarian/anti-minority political parties in important countries around the world. Using the often-weird definition of "majority" as synonymous with "currently in power" (see also apartheid where Israel has a "majority" government because there are more[2] Jews than Arabs in Israel-controlled territory)

https://foreignpolicy.com/2024/06/28/far-right-populism-france-rn-le-pen-trump-united-states-modi-india-majoritarianism/

[1] mozilla is in the process of developing closer ties to sponsors and adding AI so that may not stay true

[2] "more" in this case meaning "a smaller number", because what MinTruth says is, by definition, true.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from timrowledge | July 2, 2024 00:01
1769:

As a phone, my iPhone 4 still works and I like the size. As a palmtop computer it is even more limited than the 6.

 JohnS replied to this comment from SFReader | July 2, 2024 00:14
1770:

SFReader @ 1762:

Re: 'Today's computers are vastly better, exponentially better, orders of magnitude better than those from 40 years ago.'

Non-techie here ... no snark intended.

I thought that continual access to the 'cloud' meant that folk no longer needed to spend on ever bigger, more powerful, stand-alone, personal computing devices. Any heavy lifting they need to do could/would be done and stored in the 'cloud'.

AFAIK, "cloud computing" doesn't do anything for the processing power of your computer (or other device).

I prefer to NOT have my files stored out Dog only knows where, where I might not be able to get too them.

Last Tuesday I suddenly, without warning, lost internet for at least 12 hours (I went to bed while it was still out).

But, I was able to use my Photoshop computer & work on images I have stored on my local file server even though I couldn't get to anything out there in the cloud. And I was still able to play games I have locally even though Steam was off-line.

I also don't use wi-fi here at home. I know it is possible to "secure" a wi-fi network with passwords and all that, but it is much harder for anyone to intercept signals from my Ethernet network.

That may just be paranoia on my part, but in this day & age ...

 Dramlin replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | July 2, 2024 00:49
1771:

Not only is it a real place, you definitely don't want to be jogging on it -- especially alone. It's on the APY Lands, which is where our clinics are; 103,000 square kms of mostly nothing with a permanent population around 3-4000. One of the police cars there once found a couple of tourists who thought it would be a good shortcut to Western Australia. Only a few problems with that: mostly it's on the Lands, which means you need a permit to be there; people, and petrol, are very few and far apart; there's little in the way of signposting; a lot of the roads are still dirt and turn to mus with any rain -- but my favourites were that they had very little water and had told no one where they were going. The police found them a bed for the night and sent them back to Erldunda the next day. Very lucky.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from JohnS | July 2, 2024 00:50
1772:

IF Biden does manage to win in November he should instruct the DoJ to go after Thomas and Alito for bribery & kickbacks; and the wives for their roles in the insurrection ... but he won't.

I’ve only skimmed what other people said about the SCOTUS ruling, but it applies to Biden too. AFAIK, if he could get DoJ and Homeland Security to go along with it, he could lock up a lot of Russian sympathizers and scofflaws, stage a coup, and set the next election in 2026 with neither him, nor Trump, nor Harris running.

It’s entirely possible to stage a coup to restore democracy, and that seems like it might be within the Roberts’ ruling of what a president is allowed to do.

 Moz replied to this comment from Dramlin | July 2, 2024 00:52
1773:

I was waiting for you to chime in with real world experience :) Thanks!

 Moz replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 2, 2024 00:57
1774:

Boliva as referenced above seems like an example of "coup to restore/maintain democracy". The recent Fijian disqualification/deregistration of Fiji First is an example of doing it the other way (at the cost of having a military government for longer, and Fiji might serve as a warning of how little fun it is to be ruled by such a thing). Let's just say that while he was in charge referring to dear leader as "Frankie Bananarama" was NOT FUNNY.

https://www.rnz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/520997/former-fiji-leader-bainimarama-s-political-party-fijifirst-deregistered

 Tier2Tech replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | July 2, 2024 01:03
1775:

except nobody has any computing tasks that need such a behemoth

There's at least one thing the time travelling Dells could be put to immediate use for in the early 80's: brute-forcing DES encryption.

Howard, I'll leave it to you to come up with a way for nerds to save the day with that capability.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 2, 2024 01:55
1776:

I have an iPhone 6. The reason I'm going to replace it (likely this year if the iPhone SE4 comes out) is that it no longer works with most of the apps I want it to when travelling.

Just for the folks who don't operate in the Apple universe, the iPhone 6 was first sold by Apple in September 2014 and last sold by them in September 2016. I know we all want things for last forever but 8 to 10 years for a cell phone isn't too bad.

 Moz | July 2, 2024 02:09
1777:

"we've always done it that way" just got pushed out to eleven thousand years. It's both an impressive bit of archaeology, a nice bit of science, and holy shit that's a long time.

https://theconversation.com/oldest-living-culture-our-new-research-shows-an-indigenous-ritual-passed-down-for-500-generations-230782

A sequence of 69 radiocarbon dates, including on wood filaments from the sticks, date one of the fireplaces to 11,000 years ago, and the deeper of the two to 12,000 years ago, at the very end of the last Ice Age. Matching the observed physical characteristics of the fireplaces with GunaiKurnai ethnographic records from the 19th century shows this type of fireplace has been in continuous use for at least 12,000 years. ...

Local 19th-century ethnography has good descriptions of such fireplaces, so we know they were made for ritual practices performed by mulla-mullung, powerful GunaiKurnai medicine men and women. Alfred Howitt, government geologist and pioneer ethnographer, wrote in 1887:...

GunaiKurnai Elder Uncle Russell Mullett was on site when the fireplaces were excavated. As the first one was revealed, he was astounded:
> For it to survive is just amazing. It’s telling us a story. It’s been waiting here all this time for us to learn from it. Reminding us that we are a living culture still connected to our ancient past. It’s a unique opportunity to be able to read the memoirs of our Ancestors and share that with our community.

 Retiring | July 2, 2024 02:34
1778:

In other news, MSFT is up 2.19% today.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from David L | July 2, 2024 03:10
1779:

"...Basically all organizations with lots of kids tend to attract older teens and adults with unwelcome desires. (To put a bit of polish on it.)..."

I don't doubt that bad things were going on somewhere. The article that was linked seemed to indicate that reported sexual abuse was low in the 1970's-1980's, thought rising, peaked in 1999, and has been declining ever since (though not to 1970's levels). One way to interpret that is to assume that the reporting levels were artificially low in the '70's, became more accurate during the '90's, and reforms brought it down to current levels. We can always do better, of course.

 DeMarquis replied to this comment from Boyd Nation | July 2, 2024 03:18
1780:

"With that in mind, the Scouts as currently constituted are well down the road toward recovery - the current Youth Protection Training program is the best I've seen (I also volunteer with a church and a county school district, so I've had to go through multiple different programs), and all of the troops that I've interacted with (both the one I work with and those I've encountered during district and camp activities) take the rules seriously."

I tried to get my own son involved in scouting--it didn't work out, but for entirely unrelated reasons--and got to look at the current iteration of the Scouting Manual, the introductory chapter of which is devoted to appropriate ways to respect people's physical boundaries, and what to do if they don't. That was pretty eye-opening.

 David L replied to this comment from DeMarquis | July 2, 2024 03:36
1781:

I don't doubt that bad things were going on somewhere. The article that was linked seemed to indicate that reported sexual abuse was low in the 1970's-1980's, thought rising, peaked in 1999, and has been declining ever since (though not to 1970's levels). One way to interpret that is to assume that the reporting levels were artificially low in the '70's, became more accurate during the '90's, and reforms brought it down to current levels.

As I said. I have other connections to this issue. I'm firmly convinced it has been somewhat steady for decades. With ups and downs more related to communications and awareness than any major swings in human behavior. Some of the reported craziness in the 80s and 90s was hysteria in reporting, not actual happenings. (Hi mom. No, there's not a pervert under every rock.)

And prior to the 80s there was a lot of denial and sweeping under the rug. I suspect going back centuries.

Even today people just refuse to believe good friend "Fred" could do such a thing. No mater what the evidence. And that some kids made things up. It is a messy situation.

Dig into the report referenced in comment 905 for how people get away with such things for decades. And how people can delude themselves and/or others about what is really happening.

 skulgun | July 2, 2024 06:35
1782:

So as a teenager, I wasn't a Scout, I was a Civil Air Patrol cadet. (We liked to imagine a rivalry, mildly backed up by the fact that we did real downed aircraft search and rescue ELT direction finding operations).

So at some point, a man insinuated himself into our squadron and began hosting training events at his property out in the country. As a hobby he and his sons participated in WWII reenactments, which I did not consider suspicious at the time (he was firmly on the USGI side). The only red flag I noticed at the time was that he carried in a way that I saw a concealed .45 which was, uh, Against The Rules! But. It turns out he was picking out selected cadets to be a part of a corps of 'blackshirts' (to wear a black instead of brown undershirt under camo BDUs.) GOOD LORD I DID NOT REALIZE THIS UNTIL YEARS LATER. I wrote a paper for advancement as a cadet officer talking about this as a positive thing.

So. From my perspective shit happens and this dude is exiled from the squadron. His kids say it was some bullshit. Only two years later talking to my parents am I informed of the reason

He was sending sexual advances on email and idk how much more to a 16 yo female cadet, and that's why they got him the fuck out of there.

In any case as I aged I was given the perfunctory 'sexual abuse training' training on a vhs or something until I ideologically became no longer compatible with a civilian branch of the air force. I need not say I ever did anything that would not be considered above reproach.

 JHomes replied to this comment from David L | July 2, 2024 07:13
1783:

" And that some kids made things up. It is a messy situation."

And although as I gather kids do not usually make such things up spontaneously, there is much evidence to show that it is all to easy to browbeat them into making (and even coming to themselves believe) accusations about what the adults around them think must have happened. Without anybody telling deliberate porkies.

Here in Aotearoa we have a notorious example in the Christchurch Creche case. Elsewhere there are many more.

JHomes

 Greg Tingey | July 2, 2024 08:28
1784:

JHomes
Just to repeat ... the Orkney "Satanic Panic" scandal, in case anyone has forgotten. Where very determined (Religious Bigot) adults decided to smear against someone with differing religious views & browbeat children into making false or dubious allegations.

 blank replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 2, 2024 08:30
1785:

To cycle back a bit, that is similar to the justification Sulla seemed to have taken when re-introducing the office of dictator to righten perceived wrongs in the roman republic, spoiler alert that did not work out well... Now, this is a case of historic tragedy, so we can expect a farce now (based on K. Marx, with a loooooong lead time, but we likely can find closer tragedies in time)?

The only advantage of trying that ASAP would be that it might convince the supremes to revisit their stance on the issue quickly, but that might be wishful thinking.

Sidenote: as a German I was always perplexed how quickly a society can turn on its self and hope repeating "never again" as a mantra would ban these ghosts, but I start to feel we are in for a bumpy ride.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 2, 2024 08:41
1786:

why is it that I find such notions appealing?

as per my post further back; though you go into more detailing of whomever ought be arrested and for what reasons;

SCOTUS clearly chose the timing and their wording; they've redefined POTUS as absolutist, verging upon MAIA (monarch-above-it-all) no longer a mere president subjected to laws and prosecution for crimes; heck there are kings in Europe subjected to constitutional limitations more restrictive than this redefined POTUS;

what they did was especially clever in doing a deep dive upon Biden's traits, their wording carefully tweaked that Biden will not carry out the kinds of penalty-free misdeeds as would Trump (or any of a thousand other Republicans)

sadly? bet thing would be for Biden to have a massive stroke, Harris gets sworn in and given her experience in gritty city level politics she'll be more likely to get dirty herself... perhaps reluctantly but done willingly

done since Harris is aware that on 21JAN2025 should Trump win the Electoral College (yet again) the changes decreed from His Royal Highest of High pens will be horrific

not least, there may never be any further free-n-fair elections

Rachel Maddow's dissection is available as podcast... I'm guessing world wide... sadly for the rest of the world, you got to track what happens here in the USA... America is a cultural-economic-technological hegemony and a military hyperpower

https://open.spotify.com/show/7yfYvyKNKAuuqSX3PVyRYi

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 2, 2024 08:41
1787:

»I’ve only skimmed what other people said about the SCOTUS ruling«

You should really take the time and read it yourself, because almost all of the people who comment on it has not:

https://www.supremecourt.gov/opinions/23pdf/23-939_e2pg.pdf

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Tier2Tech | July 2, 2024 08:51
1788:

heh...

my next garage band... centered upon new songs done right as per rock 'n roll circa 1975...

"Them Time Travelling Dells"

it's not encryption that is a threat, it is the inability to distribute known facts and openly publish truths

so my "10K Dells" are the primary core for implementing the web much earlier... as well as providing access to the "Panama Papers" and the entirety of WikiLeaks circa 2024 as cautionary of what the 'wrong version' of the 21st century looks like

sort of the 1632verse... but instead of Grantville's random 3000 West Virginians and odds-n-ends of books from a backwater town's library, it could be a deliberate handful of nerds and their "10K Dells" with deliberate billion words

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from SFReader | July 2, 2024 10:03
1789:

I thought that continual access to the 'cloud' meant that folk no longer needed to spend on ever bigger, more powerful, stand-alone, personal computing devices.

In principle, this could be the case.

In practice, actually-existing capitalism insists on monetizing customers by hook or by crook, and so once your data is in the cloud you are a cash cow to be milked. See also enshittification (which I am pleased to see is now well-established enough to be in the dictionary and have its own wikipedia page).

 Charlie Stross replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 2, 2024 10:09
1790:

To be fair, the iPhone 6 is a 2014 machine that was discontinued in 2016; I reckon a ten year service life is well above average for a mobile phone. Also, it uses a dual core A8 proceesor with 1Gb of RAM built in running at 1.4GHz. By way of comparison, my current-model iPhone 15 Pro Max has 8Gb of RAM, and an 8 core A17Pro running at up to 3.8GHz.

It's like asking a machine specced for Windows XP to run the latest version of Office365, targeting Windows 11, and discovering it's a bit sluggish.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Moz | July 2, 2024 10:25
1791:

trail 'n error over uncounted generations arrived at a good-enough-not-perfect solution to a problem... then for the next hundred-plus generations it was taught, skills and design passed from parent to child

no doubt each generation had uppity teenagers intrigued-impatient-egotistical enough to try to improve upon it but couldn't... to bemusement of adults who recalled having been much the same hen they'd been teenagers

but wow... 12,000 years...!

 Howard NYC | July 2, 2024 10:47
1792:

from the department of MORE DISASTERS BUT UNLIKELY BETTER RESPONSES comes insight about evac's

not too late for first responders and survivors of fires in NZ-AU-US-EU to build a wiki of best practices and worst practices...?

QUOTE

...It also can vary from county to county since disaster response and recovery in the United States primarily rests with local governments...these localities may not have the resources or the experience that a disaster requires...

https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/camp-fire-anniversary-new-details-troubled-evacuation/

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/07/01/opinions/disaster-evacuation-preparedness-lewin/index.html

 David L replied to this comment from JHomes | July 2, 2024 12:34
1793:

And although as I gather kids do not usually make such things up spontaneously, there is much evidence to show that it is all to easy to browbeat them into making (and even coming to themselves believe) accusations about what the adults around them think must have happened. Without anybody telling deliberate porkies.

Yes. A better phrasing of my point.

In the US we have multiple cases of adults talking kids into stories via "therapy" that wound up as evidence in court that it was later determined could not have possibly happened. Just not physically possible.

Here in North Carolina there are several people who spent years in prison in such a situation. And the "victims" still feel it was real. And so do the child advocates who are convinced there is a pervert under every rock and behind every door.

And as a note I've spent over 10 years helping those going after true abusers. Where hard evidence exists. The people I have worked with piss off a lot of people with stories with no real evidence as they are not pursued. One bad accusation can ruin it for everyone else. We are very clear that we are NOT saying they were abused. Just that an accusation without evidence is not going to be helpful.

And I know there are some that say repressed memories are a thing and false/planted memories are easy to spot.

BS 99.9999% of the time.

I have false memories of several events that happened before I was 6. They are obviously false but in my mind are real. To this day. 60+ years later.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from skulgun | July 2, 2024 12:43
1794:

I need not say I ever did anything that would not be considered above reproach.

thass difficult to parse tbh

 Howard NYC | July 2, 2024 13:36
1795:

PALATE CLEANSWER

"spawning salmon cannon"

no, really

https://youtu.be/FuWMVAMLNnw?t=385

 David L replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 2, 2024 13:47
1796:

thass difficult to parse tbh

There are people involved in various organizations of all kinds who want everyone involved to have a perfect past. (Let's not quibble about what THEY might be hiding.)

Which leads to all kinds of "sin sniffing" (not always religious) at times in some organizations.

Did you swipe a candy bar from your brothers Halloween stash when you were 10? Well how can we ever trust you to never steal again?

Controls are always needed for current situations. When I was very young my father would be involved some Sunday nights counting the offerings of the day. A few times I got to stay late and watch. There was always 4 or 5 people involved in the count. Around a large table. Everything in the open.

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | July 2, 2024 14:07
1797:

Not going to read the SCOTUS decision, even though it’s obviously a coup in progress. Too many other miserable things going on in my life, and there’s nothing more I can do about it from here.

I’ve seen more comments though and I get your point.

I’m a little sad that most of the people here seem to be ignoring UK and French politics too, but there you have it. Authoritarianism surging and it’s time to talk about computers. I do get it, but if you want to talk about politics, talk about it.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Poul-Henning Kamp | July 2, 2024 14:12
1798:

It's a very ugly document, predicted on the mistake of not considering the question of a fairly administered and accepted vote as being more important to having a republic or democracy than having presidential immunity.

 David L replied to this comment from David L | July 2, 2024 14:52
1799:

Arrg. Double negatives.

We are very clear that we are NOT saying they were abused.

Should have been:

We are very clear that we are NOT saying they were NOT abused.

 Bobh replied to this comment from skulgun | July 2, 2024 15:13
1800:

1782 skulgun. "GOOD LORD I DID NOT REALIZE THIS UNTIL YEARS LATER." Ugh. My wife and I were involved in setting up a shelter for street kids. Long after we left, the charismatic Catholic priest founder was accused of sexual abuse. SHOCK. We had no clue. We trusted him implicitly. Some of the accusations were of a "he said, but he said" nature, and one of the accusers lied about everything. But there was a paper trail on other things. Yuck.

1792 DavidL "browbeat". Years later I worked for a children's rights group that did some investigative work on child trafficking. A TV show led to our getting tons of calls from people who thought they had been ritually abused, at day cares, schools.... The stories sounded real. We had no way to verify anything and referred back to local therapists and police. However, what I know from training in hypnosis is that it's possible, even easy, to INDUCE false memories. Something as simple as asking, "What color was the gun on the mantel?" means you have to imagine a gun. With a series of leading questions, well meaning police and therapists could create events that never happened. (For background, see Neuro-Linguistic Programming and the work of the hypno-therapist Milton Erisckson).

 LAK | July 2, 2024 15:39
1801:

I was a Cub/Boy Scout in the mid-70s until very early 80s in the US. It was fun for the most part - I learned how to play D&D while on a camping trip with them. However, one of the scoutmasters' had 2 (adopted, I believe) twin boys in the troop. They had 'dead eyes' and very nasty dispositions. They were trying to set up a 'Fight Club' kind of thing among the scouts in the troop. Luckily my family left the area at that point; I never re-joined.

 David L replied to this comment from LAK | July 2, 2024 16:08
1802:

Personally I had a great experience with the guys and our scout master. We were NOT a rich troop like the other's in the area also tied to Methodist churches like ours was. But I had a fun time. Mostly.

I could not deal with the cold. I still hate being cold to this day. My fingers go numb long before everyone else. I dropped out after one rainy April week long camping trip.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 2, 2024 16:11
1803:

I’m a little sad that most of the people here seem to be ignoring UK and French politics

uk-wise, i have to confess i think starmer's a bit of a **** but he should be an improvement on the tories, anything to get those bastards away from the trough, doesn't seem like we're in for authoritarianism in the short term at least

 David L replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 2, 2024 16:39
1804:

France seems to be headed for a few turbulent weeks then maybe some rough times.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Charlie Stross | July 2, 2024 16:44
1805:

To be fair, the iPhone 6 is a 2014 machine that was discontinued in 2016; I reckon a ten year service life is well above average for a mobile phone.

True. But what is it about, say, surfing the web that truly requires newer hardware? There are many web pages that just don't lead for me on the phone. If all the data etc is "in the cloud" why is it that an older phone can't display it?

 Retiring replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 2, 2024 16:48
1806:

But what is it about, say, surfing the web that truly requires newer hardware?

It's Javascript, aka ECMAscript, one of the more bletcherous and least efficient languages ever invented. Web pages are no longer data in the cloud, they're programs you download and run on your browser.

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from David L | July 2, 2024 17:04
1807:

In the US we have multiple cases of adults talking kids into stories via "therapy" that wound up as evidence in court that it was later determined could not have possibly happened. Just not physically possible.

When I did training for branch president in my union one of the things they did was give us a rundown of the many accusations that have made it to court over the years, under the "children never lie" principle. Some that stand out in my memory:

The teacher who was arrested coming off the plane from two years teaching overseas, in front of her children, based on an accusation of sexual abuse happening on a ski trip a decade ago. Spent two years not allowed to be alone with children, including her own. Totally lost her reputation in the community, because "where there's smoke there's fire", as well as her job (couldn't be in the classroom). When the case finally made it to trial it came out that not only was the act physically impossible (sex in the backseat of a car so full of ski equipment there wasn't room for a passenger) but she wasn't actually doing ski trips the year it supposedly happened.

The teacher who was accused of sexually abusing a boy, life ruined etc, when at trial it came out that the act had supposedly happened in a room with large windows to the rest of the school, during the school day, at a time when the corridor just the other side of the windows would be crowded with students who supposedly didn't notice two naked bodies doing it on a table…

The teacher who was arrested for sexually abusing a student (in the past) who was never at the school when she was.

The case in Alberta where two students accused a caretaker of abusing them because he wouldn't let them into the school to get to their lockers when it was closed. (They actually threatened him that if he didn't they would make the accusation, and when he didn't they did.) Reputation ruined even when they confessed it was a made-up accusation. Union announced that in the future they would be launching civil lawsuits against police and prosecutors who made public arrests based on hearsay alone without even doing the bare minimum like checking security footage to see is the accusation was even possible. (Because, shock horror, children do lie.)

 Howard NYC | July 2, 2024 17:17
1808:

WE NOW RESUME COVERAGE OF THE T100'S GRANDFATHER'S CONCEPTION

https://archive.ph/0uaee

QUOTE:

...creating technology that makes human judgment about targeting and firing increasingly tangential...pushed a deadly innovation race into uncharted territory, fueling a potential new era of killer robots...

QUOTE:

The pressure to outthink the enemy, along with huge flows of investment, donations and government contracts, has turned Ukraine into a Silicon Valley for autonomous drones and other weaponry.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Retiring | July 2, 2024 17:18
1809:

one of the more bletcherous and least efficient languages ever invented.

can be bloody fast tho

i mean look at this, made with the d3 dataviz library: https://mbostock.github.io/d3/talk/20111018/collision.html

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from Retiring | July 2, 2024 17:20
1810:

Web pages are no longer data in the cloud, they're programs you download and run on your browser.

So 'the cloud' is actually a software repository as much as a data store?

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 2, 2024 17:21
1811:

But what is it about, say, surfing the web that truly requires newer hardware? There are many web pages that just don't lead for me on the phone. If all the data etc is "in the cloud" why is it that an older phone can't display it?

The "web" is full of malicious actors. And many of them use "ads" and other side loaded paths via web sites to try and break into phones.

And also sending malware via messages. Both to phone numbers (some just blast to all possible numbers) and email addresses.

And if your phone is Pwnd, then anything you do on it gets to be seen by the bad guys.

More likely on Android but not 0 on older iPhones.

 David L replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 2, 2024 17:31
1812:

So 'the cloud' is actually a software repository as much as a data store?

Yes. And more.

The term "cloud" has a few 100 or 1000 meanings. It all depends on which developer stack you're talking about or which marketing wizard is giving a talk.

I work with some Windows CAD stations in a data center 5 miles away. Users have Mac laptops with 27" displays and remote into them. The CAD projects are at times in a NAS in the same data center rack. At times in the "cloud" being worked on by different teams around the city or the planet.

Please define cloud for me.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Howard NYC | July 2, 2024 17:35
1813:

Re: '... stranglehold upon mass media and there being bloggers suicidally inclined, any causalities amongst unsuspecting Chinese civilians '

Plus @ 1658: "WAR BY OTHER MEANS AND METHODS"

'... cheaper ways of fighting than a rolling a sixty ton mainline battle tank across national borders that hurt your enemy worse than cannon fire'

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/06/30/europe/russia-hybrid-war-nato/index.html

Looks like the Pentagon's done the same.

https://www.reuters.com/investigates/special-report/usa-covid-propaganda/

Wonder whether these Gov'ts and their military leaders choose to remain completely unaware that there's still quite a lot of communication among family members still going on (despite some Gov'ts' quashing of access) via the Internet.

Specifically: person in country X reads something and passes it along to their relative/friends in countries Y and Z. These country X folks might in turn also pass along info/mis-info from countries Y and Z to their family/friends in country X. Although the Reuters article doesn't say this, IMO, the likely end result is a continually growing stew of misinformation and Gov't mistrust in every country* - 'homeland' included.

This blog is a real-life/real-time example of people living in different localities/countries exchanging/sharing info re: local and international events and conditions so please don't ever try to tell me this doesn't happen.

*Wonder if any of these Gov'ts/Gov't Agencies ever bothered to tally how many of their own they killed via their COVID social media misinformation 'friendly fire'.

 Retiring replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 2, 2024 17:36
1814:

So 'the cloud' is actually a software repository as much as a data store?

Well, the Web is, anyway. It's not just Javascript, either. SGML, the inspiration for HTML, was never fast or simple to process, which I'm sure has nothing to do with the fact it was designed by a lawyer who became fascinated with IBM computers. Despite attempts to simplify and regularize HTML in the 90's, it became larded down with various presentational frobs like CSS and then Javascript. Bad CSS can also be compute intensive.

Much of the Javascript out there on various Web pages is also written by folks who have no idea of what they're doing, no understanding of algorithmic complexity, for instance. Really bad code, much of it bashed into approximate shape from some example they found somewhere else (that was also badly written). So it can waste resources like crazy.

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 2, 2024 17:41
1815:

Para 3 - I know bugler all about French Polly Ticks.

UK-wise, OGH and I have made one comment each on the UK General Election, which has established that the 2 of us are in some level of agreement. Beyond that, I refer to the 2 largest parties as "The Con Party" (based on the usual abbreviation of their party name) and "Liebour" (sic): Enough said?

 Greg Tingey | July 2, 2024 18:34
1816:

blank
THANK YOU
I had forgotten (!) the cycles of intermediate collapse of the Roman Republic between the last Punic War & the Ceasarian/Augustan revolution.
Marius, a "populist" of sorts, recognising that the "optimates" { The mega-rich of the day } needed taking down a bit ... to be succeeded by Sulla, a classical right-wing dictator (as we would understand the term) - who IIRC, died of medical problems in old age .. followed by, soon after, Julius C going on campaign & then overthrowing the Republic.
A very useful lesson.

Howard NYC @ 1786
No, like I said it's the Divine Right of Kings

French election...
There seems to be hope that the centre (Macron) & the Left-amalgamation will, if only temporarily, band together to get a thin majority to actually keep the fascists out, this time around - we'll find out soon.
British election ...
No-one seems to be noticing that the Lem-0-Crats are especially targeting tory seats & although they are NOT actually saying: Vote tory for SHIT in the rivers that's what they are saying & people are agreeing with them.

I really hope that the Lems become the loyal opposition on Friday, because the fascists have split the tory vote - though we may have to endure a few fascists actually in the House

 Mr. Tim | July 2, 2024 18:59
1817:

Re: The Cloud(s)

Clouds are more than data storage.

It is basically a bunch of technologies that allow easy scale-up/scale-down based on demand of storage, CPU processing, network bandwidth, etc. To do this things like java/python/javascript/etc (languages that are potentially low start up but not particularly efficient) are used and also allow incremental real time software updates (e.g. web pages, but includes things like data base enhancements/updates). Any web facing sites (Facebook, Amazon, etc) rely on this stuff so they can keep running 24/7 no matter what.

It is all very impressive, but unbelievably inefficient IMNSHO. Definitely not something the "old guard" from the mainframe era would have come up with.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Howard NYC | July 2, 2024 19:03
1818:

Howard NYC @ 1786:

Rachel Maddow's dissection is available as podcast... I'm guessing world wide... sadly for the rest of the world, you got to track what happens here in the USA... America is a cultural-economic-technological hegemony and a military hyperpower

https://open.spotify.com/show/7yfYvyKNKAuuqSX3PVyRYi

Returns an "Unsupported Browser" error with Firefox.

 Howard NYC | July 2, 2024 19:07
1819:

"Marauding Feral Pigs"

is now my newest name for my upcoming garage band

it is a nod to both the Republicans in the US and the Tories in the UK, acknowledging their shortsightedness and quite self-centered greed as they dig their slavering tusks deep into other people's lives hunting for tasty morsels

(whatever awful things we did in a prior life warranting such miseries be inflicted upon us, we are really-really-really sorry)

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | July 2, 2024 19:11
1820:

go to spotify.com

search for "Rachel Maddow"

in addition to her MSNBC teevee show there's bone jarring informative podcasts "ultra" and "bag man"

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Howard NYC | July 2, 2024 19:25
1821:

“Marauding feral pigs is soooo 90s.”

Nowadays, you can use Radioactive Bosrs (or bores) if you get airplay. Or The Wild Boar Paradox,” both referencing Chernobyl:

https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2023/08/230830131130.htm

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | July 2, 2024 20:15
1822:

David L @ 1802:

Personally I had a great experience with the guys and our scout master. We were NOT a rich troop like the other's in the area also tied to Methodist churches like ours was. But I had a fun time. Mostly.

I'm pretty sure that in 90%+ of scout troops there was never any problem with those kinds of predators.

There were other kinds of problems I didn't recognize at the time. The troop I belonged to was "sponsored" by the church I attended. "Sponsored", but not supported. We had a great Scoutmaster, but he finally couldn't support the financial burden and quit.

I also didn't recognize at the time that scouting in Durham was segregated. Our church had an all white troop. I don't remember any Blacks ever trying to come to our scout meetings, but I don't remember overt racism either ...

Looking back I think that was pretty much the story of scouting as a whole in my area. There were a few Black scouts in the region, but by and large, Black kids joined something called "Boys Clubs" which later became "Boys & Girls Clubs" ...

I never heard of any pedophiles in Scouting until MUCH LATER (when the scandal broke in the 90s I think), although I'm sure they did exist. That was a problem, but the MUCH BIGGER PROBLEM was the organization covering it up when it did occur and leaving boys in danger.

I do remember being warned to stay away from one Assistant Scoutmaster (nephew of one of the church's old lady Sunday School teachers1) with innuendo he was homosexual ... but I think his real problem was he'd been in jail for writing bad checks and soon after went back to jail for writing more bad checks.

I could not deal with the cold. I still hate being cold to this day. My fingers go numb long before everyone else. I dropped out after one rainy April week long camping trip.

After the Scoutmaster quit, a couple of other men in the church took over running the troop.

They organized a weekend camping trip in January ... and then failed to show up leaving it to the older scouts (me & a couple of other high school kids) to manage.

Turned out to be a SEVERE cold snap & we like to froze to death. It was supposed to be Friday & Saturday nights, but after Friday night I called it off and hustled everyone out of there as soon as it got light enough to see.

Couldn't get in touch with the "Scoutmasters" that Saturday. Never did find out why they were no-shows for a trip they'd "planned", so that was my last outing with the Boy Scouts.

I'm pretty sure the troop finally fell apart soon after.

1 Another of the old lady Sunday School teachers had a brother-in-law who turned out to be the actual Kentucky Fried Chicken Colonel Sanders. He'd visit our church whenever he & his wife came to Durham to visit her sister & I met him several times when I was 10 or 11 years old.

 David L | July 2, 2024 20:16
1823:

The Rachael Maddow Show is a choice in Apple's Podcast app if you can load it on your iPhone or iPad.

 Mr. Tim | July 2, 2024 20:47
1824:

Camping in below zero weather was a right of passage in my troop.

You haven't felt cold till you are trying to sleep in a sleeping bag rated to only 40 deg. F, in a tent that has no floor. Fortunately, I was wearing long underwear and had a spare pair of pants (wore the underwear and both pairs of pants and three pairs of socks to keep warm).

At least we had fun sledding the next day (there was quite of bit of snow on the ground, did I mention that the tent had no floor?)

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 2, 2024 21:01
1825:

Starmer appears to be redoing the whole PFI mistake but worse and with fucking Blackrock. Profoundly depressing and worrying.

 David L replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | July 2, 2024 21:05
1826:

You haven't felt cold till you are trying to sleep in a sleeping bag rated to only 40 deg. F, in a tent that has no floor.

Our tents were surplus army. Think of those 6 rope things you see in all of the older army movies.

And I sweat a lot. So when zipped up in a sleeping bag I get wet. But when it is cold outside my face goes numb. And ....

I might not have made it in the 1800s US west. Or up north.

 JohnS replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 2, 2024 21:06
1827:

Robert Prior @ 1807:

In the US we have multiple cases of adults talking kids into stories via "therapy" that wound up as evidence in court that it was later determined could not have possibly happened. Just not physically possible.

When I did training for branch president in my union one of the things they did was give us a rundown of the many accusations that have made it to court over the years, under the "children never lie" principle. Some that stand out in my memory:

The case David was referring to was the "Little Rascals Day Care Case"

The Little Rascals Case: A Case for Regulating Children’s Testimony

"Ultimately, the Little Rascals case serves as clear proof that the use of children’s testimony in criminal cases must be heavily monitored and regulated, ideally through legislation, which would provide a uniform framework for handling such controversial cases. In the Little Rascals case, not only did the four therapists caring for the children use improper methods to advance the prosecution’s case, but their involvement went virtually unregulated due to other mishandlings of the case by the police, prosecution, and parents."

The REAL abuse was what those so called therapists did to those children.

 David L replied to this comment from JohnS | July 2, 2024 21:10
1828:

I don't remember any Blacks ever trying to come to our scout meetings, but I don't remember overt racism either ...

Back in our youth most everyone knew the unspoken rules and followed them. Just before I graduated in 1972 it started blowing up in school. Not violent but still. Around 1968 or 1969 our church had a business meeting where the topic of "what will we do if some of them want to attend". The pastor had an opinion of "why is there a question?". In the direction of who cares as long as aren't jerks. He was gone in a year.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | July 2, 2024 22:00
1829:

Winp. My late wife, a native Texan (from central TX) and I went with the Scouts while our son was still in, in Jan, near Kankakee, IL.

Of course, as we were packing on our way home the next day, we looked at each other and agreed that we'd done it once, didn't need to do it again.

(We'll skip the Yippee campout in the seventies, one night in Jan or so in PA...)

 whitroth replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | July 2, 2024 22:03
1830:

The "Cloud" are data centers full of servers. Nothing at all like a data center with mainframe(s). No, no, no...

Did you know that about 20 years ago, someone maxed out an IBM mainframe (Z-90, I think, big one) using IBM's VM to run 48,000 individual instances of Linux? The mainframe was perfectly happy, though, with 32,000 instances....

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | July 2, 2024 22:26
1831:

David L @ 1826:

"You haven't felt cold till you are trying to sleep in a sleeping bag rated to only 40 deg. F, in a tent that has no floor."

Ours was a "working class" troop, so only a couple of kids had parents who could afford to buy them a sleeping bag, and those were mostly worthless for "camping" anywhere other than your living room floor. Mostly what we had was THIS:

Boy Scout blanket "sleeping bag" - some of the kids didn't have WOOL blankets and no one had an Army Surplus Poncho (I now have at least two, and maybe four of the Poncho Liners).

Our tents were surplus army. Think of those 6 rope things you see in all of the older army movies.

Army Shelter-Half (two man) tent

Note: Some time in the late 50s or early 60s the Army switched from buttons (and button holes) on the edge to SNAPS where they go together ... but they kept the button style in inventory, so you always had to make sure your battle buddy had a shelter half with the same type of fasteners as yours had.

In the National Guard it was obligatory to run around in the bivouac like a chicken with its head cut off asking everyone "Buttons or snaps; buttons or snaps?" until you found someone with compatible fasteners.

If someone has a "spare" shelter half, you can make a tent with a floor out of 3 of them.

Really wish I'd seen this video 60 years or so ago (when I was in the Boy Scouts). Even 50 years ago (when I first went into the Army) it would have been mighty helpful.

I did once spend a two week AT living in one of these, but I was A LOT younger and more flexible back then. I already had two shelter-halfs by then, but after that AT I acquired a third one. 😏

... so, of course, I never needed it again.

 Poul-Henning Kamp replied to this comment from whitroth | July 2, 2024 23:08
1832:

»Did you know that about 20 years ago, someone maxed out an IBM mainframe (Z-90, I think, big one) using IBM's VM to run 48,000 individual instances of Linux?«

25 years ago I ran 64K jails on a i486 FreeBSD machine :-)

 Retiring replied to this comment from JohnS | July 2, 2024 23:10
1833:

We had canvas shelter-halves. With buttons. Surplus from Korea or even WWII. Ponchos for ground cloths. Did at least two snow camps with them.

 Greg Tingey | July 2, 2024 23:33
1834:

Uncle Stinky
Yes, yuck.
My Labour MP, whom you might have heard of, isn't happy, but ....

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | July 3, 2024 00:00
1835:

oh great, why not enlist the world's apex predator, or is that vanguard, i lose track

doesn't surprise me though, he's bloody tory-lite just like blair

 Dramlin | July 3, 2024 00:32
1836:

A propos of the recent discussions about AI, my great friend Edward Martin just proposed this, after a client asked him if he used AI:

"A Human subject's intelligence can be measured by how many simple programmatic conditional statements are required before the subject refers to the algorithm as "AI.""

 Dramlin | July 3, 2024 00:35
1837:

Forgot to say he calls it Martin's Law

 Mr. Tim replied to this comment from whitroth | July 3, 2024 01:00
1838:

The "Cloud" are data centers full of servers. Nothing at all like a data center with mainframe(s). No, no, no...

The hardware may appear similar, but the way it is used is very different from how a mainframe (or even a VM on a mainframe) is/was used 20 years ago. The "Cloud" aspect is the fact you can float resources where you need it, and the structure of the software & system management makes that incredibly easy.

Yes, you can use cloud services as an out-sourced data center, but that is really missing the full potential.

Did you know that about 20 years ago, someone maxed out an IBM mainframe (Z-90, I think, big one) using IBM's VM to run 48,000 individual instances of Linux? The mainframe was perfectly happy, though, with 32,000 instances....

Cool, but not relevant. It is how you leverage that capability. VMware (for instance) can dynamically migrate a running VM to a completely different physical host without missing a beat. AWS can migrate between data centers thousands of miles apart if necessary. Damn impressive. I doubt IBM Z90 could do that 20 years ago, because who could afford two of them?

The point is that "the cloud" gives you capabilities that the mainframes never considered, or only dreamed about. That is because the compute boxes (and the storage boxes, and networks) are relatively cheap by historical (especially mainframe) standards and it changes the economics completely.

Sort of what Starship is about to do to the space industry.

 SFReader replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | July 3, 2024 01:14
1839:

Re: 'Starmer appears to be redoing the whole PFI mistake but worse and with fucking Blackrock'

Could work if this Party insisted that Blackrock (and any large-to-mega sized corps) as well as their ultra-rich CEOs/shareholders paid their share of income tax. Also impose a strict off-shoring tax on any moneys leaving the country.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Dramlin | July 3, 2024 01:28
1840:

"A Human subject's intelligence can be measured by how many simple programmatic conditional statements are required before the subject refers to the algorithm as "AI.""

I love this!

 paws4thot replied to this comment from Dramlin | July 3, 2024 03:25
1841:

I see a weakness in this rule; he forgets to consider whether the subject thinks "AI" is "Artificial Intelligence", or, more correctly, "Artificial Idiocy".

 Moz replied to this comment from SFReader | July 3, 2024 04:33
1842:

Could work if this Party insisted that Blackrock... paid tax?

Only if you assume that Blackrock is significantly better at providing public services than the British government is, but that the British Government is simultaneously really good at negotiating contracts with foreign corporations. And that people would rather have a given service level at a lower price than a higher service level.

Think "hospital waiting lists contain exactly 10% of the UK population and BlackRock makes $US5B/year profit then pays $1B/year tax" (using US dollars deliberately to make the point about how Blackrock measure profit... they don't care and may benefit when the UK pound loses value).

But posit an alternative, of only 9.5% of the population on waiting lists but BlackRock only makes $US100M in profit. Obviously BlackRock will hate that suggestion, but would the British public feel the same way?

And does the British government have both the skill to negotiate a beneficial contract, and the power to enforce that contract? Maybe consider the possibility that someone who donates a few million to Trump and another million to the Republican Party gets into some kind of legal spat with an insignificant bunch of losers a long way away...

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from SFReader | July 3, 2024 08:37
1843:

Some form of actually printing the money themselves and building our own necessary infrastructure/assets will always be a better deal but Labour are a) so right wing it doesn't occur to their leader now or/and b) terrified of the media yelling tax and spend. It's enraging.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | July 3, 2024 09:54
1844:

so...?

yeah... scalable, incremental, scheduling based upon lowest price, competitive bidding for large (and small!) jobs, migratable between data centers, zillions of new CPU/nodes added continuously, etc

so many of us are old farts, old enough to remember when (inflation adj) cost of a LA-NYC call in 1970s was measured in dollars per minute... last I did the math it was USD$7.00/minute (202os dollars)... now?

no breakout of charges so it's lost in the noise with unlimited minutes mobile phones costing USD$25.00/month... result being I could call LA from NYC and it is a fraction of a penny per minute... IIRC the twisty math for a one hour conversation price to consumer who owns a mobile it is USD$0.001/minute

that's the difference between IBM-built Big Iron and Amazon Cloud... not perfect competition but not-yet-monopoly

in terms of massive data set crunching the costs are still sloping downwards not least due to 'obsolete' hardware not being decommissioned but made available on the cheap... turns out the labor costs to unplug the old 'n moldy exceeds any savings in electricity and infrastructure... cheaper to pour more concrete to build an additional data center and install newest-better-faster CPUs

and likely this trend will do so till too-many-illicit mergers result in a single vendor dominating 90% of the market and therefore becoming Big Cloud

 Howard NYC | July 3, 2024 10:02
1845:

https://open.spotify.com/show/7yfYvyKNKAuuqSX3PVyRYi

Stormy Daniels interview by Rachel Maddow

likely avail via other podcast vendors

credible stuff and re-enforcement of truth actually exists and scary details about how a witness is harassed ("doxing" being the 21st century updated mode)

what's really FU'd is the sentencing of Donald Trump has been delayed another two months(!)

if Trump had been sentenced this week there would be the credible possibility Trump would be obliged to wear an ankle monitor and his passport surrendered and he would be forced into 'home confinement' all done by October

now...?

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | July 3, 2024 11:15
1846:

Some form of actually printing the money themselves and building our own necessary infrastructure/assets will always be a better deal

has anyone actually tried the mmt thing

sounds like it could have a failure mode of argentina

 Moz replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 3, 2024 12:16
1847:

There is always the argument that the standard Labour need to meet is "better than Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng"...

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from SFReader | July 3, 2024 12:23
1848:

Wonder if any of these Gov'ts/Gov't Agencies ever bothered to tally how many of their own they killed via their COVID social media misinformation 'friendly fire'.

Likely not. For one thing, tallying it up would be admitting responsibility in writing and providing ammunition to one's political enemies. (And in a large organization there are always politics and internal enemies.) If you are doing an after action report, keep the focus tight on your assigned objectives and area.

Consider the likely casualties from the CIA fake vaccination campaign, which was over a decade ago and would have been known to the mission planners. (Assuming a modicum of competence, anyway.) That was over a decade ago and we still feel the effects.

https://www.vox.com/first-person/22256595/vaccine-covid-pakistan-cia-program

https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(14)60900-4/fulltext

https://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/jul/11/cia-fake-vaccinations-osama-bin-ladens-dna

 Charlie Stross | July 3, 2024 12:25
1849:

True. But what is it about, say, surfing the web that truly requires newer hardware?

Ever heard of WebAssembly? You can run an entire operating system on an emulator written in wasm in one of your browser windows these days. Want a high end 1998 Power Macintosh running MacOS 8.1 with 128Mb of RAM and a 4Gb hard disk ... in your browser? That's a thing.

And the scary part is, that's not even a very big web app by modern standards.

 Robert Prior | July 3, 2024 12:42
1850:

Ever heard of WebAssembly?

Nope. I haven't been a developer in over three decades, and stopped worrying about the details of OSes when I switched from teaching computers to science two decades ago. (And I wasn't current then, as schools here get outdated equipment.)

And the scary part is, that's not even a very big web app by modern standards.

But what does a big web app like that do? How does it make browsing better than it was when all you needed was HTML? I saw David's comment about bad actors and I'm wondering what positive benefits there are to having a browser download executable code from unknown sources.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Moz | July 3, 2024 12:45
1851:

There is always the argument that the standard Labour need to meet is "better than Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng"...

the steady procession of **s through number 10 has been a thing to behold

i still have extremely low hopes for them

 Damian replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 3, 2024 12:47
1852:

If you leave the standard ideology aside, it's used a lot and is completely accepted and well understood, it's just explained in a way that makes it sound different and compatible with neoliberal assumptions. We (mostly) only do it in situations where the very wealthy are going to suffer. The 2008 financial crisis and the 2019 pandemic are the main standout international examples. Western economies have enough reserve capacity to eliminate poverty, more or less like flipping a switch, overnight or close enough to it. The main reason we don't is that modern Western societies are still fundamentally Calvinist theocracies, dominated by the protestant work ethic, and we take as fundamental that people are poor because they deserve to be.

It's similar to the conservative explanation for tax cuts. There really is a level of taxation where the tax burden suppresses demand and economic growth, it's just MUCH higher than we're usually led to believe and a lot depends on whether it's a progressive or regressive tax system, how it's structured and so on. As far as I understand this has never occurred in the modern era (or at least in modern economies). Tax cuts themselves stimulate demand in the short term, if they are shared and benefit poorer people who are more likely to spend, simply as a sort of Keynesian stimulus. But eventually the new tax level becomes structural and the economy grows around it.

Direct stimulus spending and increasing the money supply has similar facts and myths surrounding it. The usual example of why you don't do that is Germany in the 20s, though Zimbabwe is a reasonable recent example. There is usually some special reason why a particular national economy slips into that sort of inflation cycle, deficit spending and printing money doesn't do that by itself. If it does, it's because it's MASSIVELY out of proportion to the real economy, multiples of GDP, not fractions of it. Modern Western democracies spending their way out of a recession generally do not come close to triggering that sort of effect, by a couple of orders of magnitude. Greece is used as a sort of example, but it more or less proves the rule... its situation with the Euro as a constraining factor, well it's not hugely different to Germany's post-versailles reparations situation which was its main constraint in the 20s. The point is: there is probably a level at which deficit spending is bad for the economy, but that level it much higher than we're led to believe, much higher than it's usually even feasible to reach, and in the meantime it provides stimulus and promotes growth, while (if done as part of a progressive agenda) alleviates poverty, promotes education and structural improvements in the economy that are good for everyone. Which is why every country does it, the USA more than anyone, and (sometimes) even more under conservatives than progressives.

In contrast conservative economic views have been captured by an international movement that started in the late 40s (think Hayek) but really only got its legs in the 80s (think Friedman). It's important to understand that the theories these think tanks promote are 1) fully paid for and subsidised in a manner similar to the way the fossil fuel industries promote climate denial and the way the tobacco industry has fought anti-smoking public health and legislative initiatives; and 2) often at odds with actual policy implemented by conservative governments when they need to achieve real economic outcomes. The latter is mostly because the Libertarian, "small government", hard-right-free-market theories are well known to be gibberish, for the most part. Something like what you present as MMT is actually an overwhelming consensus, it's just that if you're conservative you're not allowed to say that. And like I said, it's usually only done when rich people are hurting.

 Troutwaxer replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 3, 2024 14:07
1853:

I think MMT is fine, but obviously it has limits, and probably a lot of caveats, but the big danger of MMT isn't the philosophy itself, but the human tendency to think "My philosophy is perfect. Obviously it will solve all problems! Therefore we will print infinite money and we'll all be rich!"

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from Damian | July 3, 2024 15:31
1854:

I’d suggest it’s simpler: much of what you mentioned is propaganda for the proles, people like us.

I’d suggest that the real burden is supporting the rich, especially the super-rich. When I was working as an activist, it was amazing how many things were impossible because they were sufficiently profitable to key players. Note: it wasn’t that they were getting a benefit, it wasn’t that they were covering costs, there had to be enough extracted from the situation to make it worth them while. And yes, the similarities to bribery and other power games did not escape me.

A lot of the hell that is American national politics right now seems to simply be powerful people trying to keep their share of the graft. They don’t seem to care about my first rule of responsible parasitism: don’t kill your host.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Damian | July 3, 2024 15:37
1855:

don't u have to somehow take the bond and currency markets in hand to stop them fleeing the mmt space in droves when u start talking about ending poverty tho

or does everyone have to do it in unison

 whitroth replied to this comment from Mr. Tim | July 3, 2024 19:24
1856:

Nope, you don't get it.

Being on "the Cloud" is no different, for the user, than timesharing on a mainframe.

You want the ability to suddenly move everything thousands of klicks away, to a datacenter in another country? Why? Did the entire set of servers you were running on go down? And if it's now in another country, which of that country's laws are applicable? And you'll trust the security over there? And on, and on. Meanwhile, do you have any idea how rarely a mainframe goes down?

chuckle "Who could afford more than one Z-90? Plenty of companies. In the US, there's the Fortune 500, for example.

No, as I said, for the user, there is zero difference. You're still paying by time and usage.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Robert Prior | July 3, 2024 19:26
1857:

Agreed. I've seen websites when I was working that had to use javascript... that could have been done with vanilla HTML, and nothing else.

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | July 3, 2024 21:02
1858:

chuckle "Who could afford more than one Z-90? Plenty of companies. In the US, there's the Fortune 500, for example.

whitroth and I disagree on a lot of things about what is sane and normal in the world of personal computing. But on this I agree with him.

Large corps have multiple mainframes (and racks of Intel chip things) spread geographically so they can keep going when a fiber cut happens in a bad place. Or a tornado. Or ....

And live cut over between them. And just because they might not OWN the building but rent services from IBM or others, it is still the same.

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | July 3, 2024 21:22
1859:

Being on "the Cloud" is no different, for the user, than timesharing on a mainframe.

And on this we disagree. While it could be thought of as the same, well it isn't. Been in the mainframe world at times in the past myself.

I have worked with architects for a few decades now. Over the last 10 years, and especially with the pandemic they have almost all either become cloud based, out of business, or a boutique firm doing specially, likely smaller things for expensive clients.

Architectural projects for business situations tend to go on for years. Lots of review and coordination meeting both in design and construction. Now days most of these meetings involve Zoom and/or Teams and/or Revut and/or other cloud based things. Sharing a screen, multiple markups by multiple people at different locations with tracking of who did what. And so on. Revu and it's competition are based around a group of people, many times at multiple locations, working in a vector based PDF or collection of PDFs and generating markups and document referencing the PDF details or markups.

Now what is done NOW could have been done in the mainframe world, except the people designing such software (that I saw and interacted with) were way too centralized in their thinking. Much of what is done now in a collaborative architecture/construction world is driven from the workstation design concepts of users and small offices. Literally someone with my experience can guess correctly if most such software came from a top down mainframe approach vs. a bottom up user approach. And yes there is a lot of fuzz in this way of describing things.

Autodesk is the elephant in the room here. AutoCAD is top down in much of it's design. Revit (which is where much of the business is moving) is much more bottom up. To the extend that Revit is still almost exclusively single core in CPU usage which a lot of the processing off loaded to graphics and if you wish to the "cloud". Again, very fuzzy boundaries but they are there. (Autodesk bought Revit around 20 years ago and it still has PC roots that get exposed at times.)

 David L | July 3, 2024 21:57
1860:

The world's floppy shortage

Now will it get better since Japan has completed their project to purge the requirement to file official documents on floppies.

Maybe this will make it easier for companies such as Boeing scrounging them from around the world. There are 747s which must be updated monthly with big quantities of 3.5" floppies. And I'm sure other uses around the world that are very expensive to design out. Like nuclear attack subs systems designed 20 years ago.

https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2024/07/japans-government-finally-exits-90s-ends-floppy-disk-use/

 Retiring replied to this comment from Damian | July 3, 2024 22:12
1861:

Krugman had an interesting column in the Guardian about this:

https://www.theguardian.com/politics/ng-interactive/2024/jun/28/how-the-unforced-error-of-tory-austerity-wrecked-britain

He calls it "an obvious economic blunder".

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | July 3, 2024 22:23
1862:

Of course, for 15 or 20 years, IBM's beein running Linux, so you can do zom over mainframes.

* IBM *did

buy Redhat, y'know.

 David L replied to this comment from whitroth | July 3, 2024 22:32
1863:

Yes. I drive or walk by their HQ once every week or so. Likely tomorrow or Friday. And a great German restaurant that is closing block down. My family will miss it.

There are some cultural issues. There is hope IBM will catch some of Redhat's culture. Many are afraid IBM will bigfoot them. Even without realizing it.

Boeing anyone?

 Moz replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 3, 2024 22:36
1864:

Another view: What Starmer has to do is kill fewer very rich people than David Cameron killed very poor people. He also needs to immiserate fewer of them than Cameron did. Ideally, and this may be wishful thinking, without inspiring the same amount of snide commentary and "humour". Try not the shove too many large donors into the house of Lords sort of thing*.

But we all know that the two offial sides are held to wildly different standards. Something Boris could do with a grin and face no push-back will be unquestionably a fatal error for Starmer and lead to the inevitable demise of both his leadership and the party as a whole.

(* I remind anyone eligible to write letters supporting the conscription of Billy Bragg into that house)

 Moz replied to this comment from Damian | July 3, 2024 22:43
1865:

MMT is actually an overwhelming consensus, it's just that if you're conservative you're not allowed to say that.

It's important to note that most MMT proponents favour helping poor people, not the rich. And especially not printing money to allow for low taxes on the rich whether that be libertarian flat taxes or facilitating tax evasion (by defunding the IRS or actually writing in "loopholes").

I see it as an ongoing discussion of what sort of society we want. On the one extreme you have people lamenting the outlawing of slavery but consoling themselves with a large class of immiserated people so desperate they'll do anything, anything at all, for a dollar (but not steal from the rich, obvious that can't be allowed. They're there to be stolen from!). The other extreme is something we only see in places like Cuba, where there's a minimum standard and the goal is exoplicitly to bring everyone up to that.

The brutal summary is: Gini Coefficient, high or low? (for binary thinkers, 1 or 0!)

 David L replied to this comment from Moz | July 3, 2024 22:49
1866:

What Starmer has to do is kill fewer very rich people than David Cameron killed very poor people. He also needs to immiserate fewer of them than Cameron did. Ideally, and this may be wishful thinking

Rich people have PR staff and lawyers on speed dial.

Poorer folks, well, not so much.

 Dramlin replied to this comment from paws4thot | July 4, 2024 00:01
1867:

I suspect anyone who is calling it the latter ranks very high on the intelligence scale ;-)

 Damian replied to this comment from Moz | July 4, 2024 00:03
1868:

I see it as an ongoing discussion of what sort of society we want.

Yes, absolutely. Which is kinda sorta why I'm saying the modern West is a superficially secularised Calvinist theocracy. We can't eliminate poverty because it's morally wrong, according to the underlying faith of our society's starting assumptions. Sure there are those of us who worked out that is a nonsense relatively young, but for the sizeable proportion of people who didn't, that's the sea they swim in, they can't see it at all.

 Moz replied to this comment from Damian | July 4, 2024 00:34
1869:

Don't forget supply side Jesus as linked above. Prosperity gospel says people are poor because God hates them, and since God is omnipotent and omnibenevolent it is right that they are poor. Trying to reduce p[overty would be to oppose the will of God!*

There's also been decades of propaganda saying that people are selfish arseholes who only care about themselves, and everything is corrupt as fuck so you better get yours while the getting is good, taking care to fuck over anyone else if you get the chance because it's a dog eat dog world. So vote for tax cuts and war crimes today!

(* insert Cthulu comment here)

 Damian replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 4, 2024 00:39
1870:

or does everyone have to do it in unison

This is usually referred to as "capital flight". We see the same argument being used about mining royalties in Queensland right now and the mining industry is even running TV ads making the same case, since the incumbent Labor government has increased them and there is a state election due this year.

The answer is: mostly not. The argument relies on a premise that there is a more or less even worldwide market for the investment you are looking to make. Making one possible option less attractive, either by increasing the royalties therefore marginally decreasing profitability of a mining operation, therefore infinitesimally decreasing ROI, the argument goes, will lead people to invest elsewhere instead. But that assumes the existence of similarly profitable investment opportunities elsewhere, whereas the actual case is that all those investment opportunities are unique and have their own pros and cons for potential investors. For many, risk is a much more important factor than squeezing out the last drops of ROI, and even when you cost out the risk and package it all up with an actuarial cost associated to it, taking a small hit as a result of royalties is pretty meaningless. It might add up to a few million, so it's worth the money to spend a million on an ad campaign to get it out there, but it's not an existential issue for an industry that worth A$86 billion a year.

There's a similar set of issues in regard bond and currency markets. In general, it's not about whether the growth-generated ROI or the overall risk is completely optimised as best as possible, it's about how it compares to other comparable investments. As per above, the actual risk impact of the sort of changes required to eliminate poverty has (more or less, going by 2008 and 2019) been shown to be positive rather than negative. The footprint of any investors who think "that's socialism, the country is about to collapse" is going to be small, the rest will be fully aware of the situation and not "flee" as such. There are plenty of living worked examples, Northern Europe being somewhat rich in case studies.

 Moz replied to this comment from Damian | July 4, 2024 00:47
1871:

And also that the cost of moving is zero. Or "negligable" in the jargon, such that you make a net profit after less than a year.

Which given that the mining industry also demands extra-long depreciation schedules is just weird. If the cost of building a mine is so huge that it takes decades to pay off, how can it also be trivial to throw it away and build a new one in another country?

Oh, you mean profit shifting is easy, so you're threatening to do that. Financial trickery is simple, we get it. You can lie about where the profit is made and choose to pay tax on it in a zero-tax or ridiculously low-tax country. So to "be competitive" we have to charge a tax-haven level of corporate tax. Riiiight.

How about: fuck you. Mining companies pay no tax on profit, but we charge what the market will bear in royalities when we sell you the minerals you're mining. Our goal is that every year 10% of mines have suspended operations because they can't make a profit after paying royalties. If iron ore prices are low, no mining until they recover. I believe that's how "free markets" are supposed to work, that's the essence of "self correcting", no?

(I'm not being sarcastic at Damien here, but at the "poor struggling mining companies")

 Heteromeles replied to this comment from David L | July 4, 2024 01:33
1872:

Maybe this will make it easier for companies such as Boeing scrounging them from around the world. There are 747s which must be updated monthly with big quantities of 3.5" floppies. And I'm sure other uses around the world that are very expensive to design out. Like nuclear attack subs systems designed 20 years ago.

You mean I should scrounge all those 3.5" and 5.25" disks I just threw in the trash today, if Boeing will deign to notice I have the damned things?

Seriously. Boot disks for 1990s classics like Norton Utilities, Access 2.0, XTree Gold. And while I've been keeping other disks to get the data off them, I've got dozens of them.

Any call for blank CD-RWs?

I am serious, but I'm also seriously skeptical. I ran a load of blank unopened ZIP disks on Amazon for over a year, no takers, so they went in the trash. If there's a shortage out there, they need to start talking to little worms like me who are trashing the things because we don't hear about the problem and don't see buyers when we do advertise.

 skulgun replied to this comment from Damian | July 4, 2024 01:44
1873:

Fiscal conservatives love to trot out the pictures of Weimar Germans taking wheelbarrows full of deutschmarks to the store as a scare tactic against printing money and hyperinflation, while leaving out:

-Germany had just lost the first world war -Had the crushing repayments of the Versailles treaty -Been through a revolution/short civil war immediately after the war -Had large parts of the west annexed by France, which was the most proximate cause of the hyperinflation crisis

And that the wheelbarrows full of marks period didn't even last all that long.

 Kardashev | July 4, 2024 02:21
1874:

As long as we're far, far past 300, I'll ask for opinions on this.

AFAIK the Columbia River Treaty is a US-Canada thing. I guess I could see a Confidential hearing on it, but TS/SCI???

====================================

https://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/classified-briefing-on-columbia-river-treaty

CLOSED TS/SCI: CLASSIFIED BRIEFING ON COLUMBIA RIVER TREATY

Briefers

The Honorable Brian Nichols

Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs U.S. Department of State Washington, D.C.

Date: Wednesday, July 10th, 2024 Time: 02:15pm Location: SVC-217

 Kardashev | July 4, 2024 02:35
1875:

As long as we're far, far past 300, I'll ask for opinions on this.

AFAIK the Columbia River Treaty is a US-Canada thing. I guess I could see a Confidential hearing on it, but TS/SCI???

====================================

https://www.foreign.senate.gov/hearings/classified-briefing-on-columbia-river-treaty

CLOSED TS/SCI: CLASSIFIED BRIEFING ON COLUMBIA RIVER TREATY

Briefers

The Honorable Brian Nichols

Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs U.S. Department of State Washington, D.C.

Date: Wednesday, July 10th, 2024 Time: 02:15pm Location: SVC-217

 Howard NYC | July 4, 2024 04:51
1876:

the good news, nothing that Boeing did wrong, this time

the bad news, further enshittification due to being too big to fail and CXOs shrugging off the fiddly bits as beneath their attention

no details about how awful it was having approx 200 passengers experiencing unsafe food at the same time... sadly my imagination can fill in the gaps left open... I pity the clean up crew... given it was likely those miserably uncomfortable toilets were overloaded

{purely snarking} in other news, Zoom stock went up as all other customers booked on Delta flights in July decided to cancel F2F meetings

QUOTE: “Delta flight 136 from Detroit to Amsterdam diverted to New York’s JFK early Wednesday morning after reports that a portion of the Main Cabin in-flight meal service were spoiled,” the airline said in a statement.

https://lite.cnn.com/2024/07/03/travel/delta-flight-diverted-spoiled-food/index.html

 Damian replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 4, 2024 08:28
1877:

A lot of the hell that is American national politics right now seems to simply be powerful people trying to keep their share of the graft. They don’t seem to care about my first rule of responsible parasitism: don’t kill your host.

Well I think that powerful people trying to keep their share are pretty much the source of all the hells. I'd say most, perhaps all, the human misery in the world too, because they also actively prevent opportunities to alleviate suffering they don't cause directly, but some might see that as drawing a long bow.

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from skulgun | July 4, 2024 10:17
1878:

You'll find some reputable historians making the case that Germany deliberately caused their hyperinflation as a huge fuck you to the people they owed their reparations to.

 Uncle Stinky replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 4, 2024 10:21
1879:

Stephanie Kelton's book about MMT is pretty readable and has been out long enough that you should be able to pick up a second hand copy quite cheaply.

 Adrian Smith replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | July 4, 2024 13:40
1880:

very cheaply indeed

i've looked over the last chapter and i'm finding it a little sparse on how to counter efforts by the wealthy to scupper it, which i suspect would go beyond funding thinktanks and newspapers

our political systems in the west and further afield are all victims of regulatory capture imo, and until we deal with that i imagine attempts to transform the whole raison d'etre of society in the manner she suggests are going to be something of an uphill struggle

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 4, 2024 15:19
1881:

You mean I should scrounge all those 3.5" and 5.25" disks I just threw in the trash today, if Boeing will deign to notice I have the damned things?

I'm suspicious that used one don't count due to cockpit certification issues. Which is also why they don't design a box which pretends to be a floppy disk. Floppy disk simulation tied to a small computer. But this might be mechanically hard. And need to be certified. So the thing to do is replace the loading mechanism but that means new software and hardware in the cockpit systems that has to be certified. And I'm guessing everyone is hoping they supply of 3.5" floppies will outlast the plane certifications.

Then we have even older systems needing 5.25 soft floppies in various places (factories (machine tools) and maybe military things) around the world. And let us not talk about US missile silos that only recently (I think) got rid of the need for 8" floppies.

 David L replied to this comment from Howard NYC | July 4, 2024 15:22
1882:

QUOTE: “Delta flight 136 from Detroit to Amsterdam diverted to New York’s JFK early Wednesday morning after reports that a portion of the Main Cabin in-flight meal service were spoiled,” the airline said in a statement.

If you knew what it takes to get food onto an airplane for the passengers, you'd be amazed that only 1 flight every few months has such issues. With something like 5000 flights a day in the US alone.

 David L replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 4, 2024 15:25
1883:

I am serious, but I'm also seriously skeptical. I ran a load of blank unopened ZIP disks on Amazon for over a year, no takers, so they went in the trash.

You need to find an outfit like this near you.
https://kramden.org/

They repurpose or dispose of old tech as best they can. And try and give older tech a new life to people who can't afford new. And sell as much of the rest as possible in a tech thrift store setup.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from David L | July 4, 2024 16:31
1884:

personally?

I'd rather the airlines not serve food, just liquids... cheaper tickets (in theory)

what I've eaten on flights was either half frozen sandwiches or dry as dust fake tuna sandwiches

if everyone knew that was the baseline then everyone brings from home a brown bag of foodstuff or buys some form of mock-food at the airport

 JohnS replied to this comment from Heteromeles | July 4, 2024 17:39
1885:

Heteromeles @ 1872:

"Maybe this will make it easier for companies such as Boeing scrounging them from around the world. There are 747s which must be updated monthly with big quantities of 3.5" floppies. And I'm sure other uses around the world that are very expensive to design out. Like nuclear attack subs systems designed 20 years ago."

You mean I should scrounge all those 3.5" and 5.25" disks I just threw in the trash today, if Boeing will deign to notice I have the damned things?

Too late. They don't need 'em any more.

Thing about those old floppies is if you're not regularly using them they spoil like the fruit you forgot was in the crisper in the refrigerator.

I kind of went through the same exercise with a bunch of old floppies a few years back; inherited a computer that still had a floppy drive & decided to fire it up and check out all the old floppy disks I'd accumulated. Most of them were unreadable - couldn't even be formatted.

And y'all just gave me a MAJOR SAD, because I realized that's probably going to be the fate of all that lovely film I've been keeping in the fridge the last 15 years or so since I lost access to a darkroom.

I hate getting old. It really SUCKS!

 JohnS replied to this comment from skulgun | July 4, 2024 17:55
1886:

skulgun @ 1873:

Fiscal conservatives love to trot out the pictures of Weimar Germans taking wheelbarrows full of deutschmarks to the store as a scare tactic against printing money and hyperinflation, while leaving out:

-Germany had just lost the first world war -Had the crushing repayments of the Versailles treaty
-Been through a revolution/short civil war immediately after the war
-Had large parts of the west annexed by France,
which was the most proximate cause of the hyperinflation crisis

And that the wheelbarrows full of marks period didn't even last all that long.

I read a learned article somewhere that German hyperinflation was at least in part by intent.

Much of the reparations in the Treaty of Versailles were specified in commodities - so many millions of Deutschmarks worth of coal, timber, grains ... and if it takes a million Deutschmarks just to buy a loaf of bread, what does that do to to reparations payments?

Seems like the period of hyperinflation lasted just long enough for the Germans to weasel out of the requirement to pay reparations.

 whitroth replied to this comment from David L | July 4, 2024 17:57
1887:

IBM already did it to RedHat (that is, after M$, who bought I think 20% of RH, had Poettering and his crap systemd), and they killed CentOS.

 whitroth replied to this comment from Adrian Smith | July 4, 2024 18:01
1888:

My take is that from all that I've read, "economists" only talk about monetary policy. For some reason I would love to have someone explain, TAXES are out of scope. "Externalities".

 JohnS replied to this comment from Uncle Stinky | July 4, 2024 18:03
1889:

Uncle Stinky @ 1879:

Stephanie Kelton's book about MMT is pretty readable and has been out long enough that you should be able to pick up a second hand copy quite cheaply.

Used from Big River (here in the U.S.) starting at $2.90.

 JohnS replied to this comment from David L | July 4, 2024 18:21
1890:

David L @ 1882:

"QUOTE: “Delta flight 136 from Detroit to Amsterdam diverted to New York’s JFK early Wednesday morning after reports that a portion of the Main Cabin in-flight meal service were spoiled,” the airline said in a statement."

If you knew what it takes to get food onto an airplane for the passengers, you'd be amazed that only 1 flight every few months has such issues. With something like 5000 flights a day in the US alone.

I know the meals arrive at the airport in sealed individual servings to be loaded on the flight ... AFAIK, the airlines use cargo container like bins that are just plugged into galley before flight, so the flight attendants wouldn't have seen the spoilage even as they were distributing the meals.

So it's really on the vendor, but the airline is going to get the blame anyway.

But one thing I noticed in an article about the flight - 'They said they saw some mold on the chicken,' she added. 'I asked if anyone had gotten sick and they told us no one had been affected, but the pilots both ate the chicken.'

Wasn't/isn't there a rule somewhere about flight crews (pilots) eating different meals specifically for the circumstance where food poisoning is possible?

 Robert Prior replied to this comment from JohnS | July 4, 2024 19:47
1891:

Wasn't/isn't there a rule somewhere about flight crews (pilots) eating different meals specifically for the circumstance where food poisoning is possible?

AFAIK that is policy on most airlines, but not an FAA rule.

 Uncle Stinky | July 4, 2024 20:35
1892:

More hilarious evidence of Sunak's terrible handling of this campaign. Strongly recommended, marginally NSFW.

 Moz replied to this comment from whitroth | July 4, 2024 22:15
1893:

There are many economists who write about taxes and externalities etc, but for obvious reasons they're not popular with capitalists and especially the late-stage capitalists that run many countries ATM. "Counting for Nothing: what men value and what women are worth" is a classic in the feminist economics genre, for example. There's similar work done on the economics of (not) changing the climate, but why would a fossil billionaire fund that when there's lapdogs begging to publish on how coal is good for humanity?

It's aother one of those things where the theory is at least aspriationally sound, but the practice is confused by the ease with which bad economics can be used to justify horror. Similar to the high visiblity of climate-denying climate scientists and pro-smoking doctors. Or, topically, anti-social social media proponents.

 David L replied to this comment from JohnS | July 4, 2024 22:22
1894:

I know the meals arrive at the airport in sealed individual servings to be loaded on the flight ...

Yes. And no.

At larger airports there are central kitchens / sandwich prep facilities. Much easier (cheaper) to prepare a few 1000 meals on site than the truck them in. And load them directly onto airline carts for the planes.

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from whitroth | July 4, 2024 23:08
1895:

because economists have recognized they can shift policy on certain things by way of their expertise and raw animal machismo { eyeroll }

not on that list?

taxes

governments inevitably turn the simplest of taxation processes into four dimensional pretzels as a favored demographic gets a carve out

also, much less dry-as-dust lawyering and bureaucratic tedium since monetary policy is policy not legislation

 Howard NYC replied to this comment from JohnS | July 4, 2024 23:22
1896:

...being the plot of several forgettable direct-to-DVD movies

ah yes, aircraft as single location disaster drama

 Moz | July 5, 2024 03:18
1897:

https://theshovel.com.au/2024/07/04/democrats-ask-australia-for-advice-on-how-to-replace-sitting-leader/

Bob Hawke become Australian Labor leader three and a half weeks before the Federal election and went on to be Prime Minister for the best part of a decade,” one Australian said.

“And if you think we’re just weird in Australia, ask someone in Britain – they’ll tell you you’ve got plenty of time. The Democratic Convention is 46 days away for God’s sake. Liz Truss’s entire Prime Ministership didn’t last that long. You’ll be fine”.

(it's nominally a satire site)

 kiloseven replied to this comment from David L | July 5, 2024 03:28
1898:

Or https://freegeek.org born in Portland which has spawned similar orgs in other cities.

 Damian replied to this comment from JohnS | July 5, 2024 12:28
1899:

Used from Big River (here in the U.S.)

I'm sure there's a Stross-dot effect, where authors named in this blog enjoy a very modest spike in Big River sales. Lost in the noise for those who sell a lot of books on the regular, but probably significant for some.

 David L | July 6, 2024 06:36
1900:

Fusion is only 15 years away!!

https://arstechnica.com/science/2024/07/iters-timeline-for-fusion-stretched-out-even-further/

So, we're looking at 15 years even if there are no further delays. But the potential for said delays likely went up,

Well at least that's the plan for a test reactor that could prove usable for power generation later.

 JohnS | July 7, 2024 20:14
1901:

Somehow I've managed to lose another day. Got out of bed on Saturday, and it turns out it's Sunday.

I think it's the isolation of living out here in the country. All the days run together.

 peteratjet replied to this comment from David L | July 9, 2024 12:33
1902:

ITER are not the only game in town. We could be approaching "steam engine time"

Commonwealth Fusion Systems, spun off from MIT, for instance, aiming for 2025 first plasma with the SPARC fusion demonstrator.

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/SPARC_(tokamak)

 Vulch replied to this comment from JohnS | July 10, 2024 18:32
1903:

Back in lockdown I remixed another design to tell me what day of the week it was...

BUY MY BOOKS
US English editions
UK English editions
Deutsche Ausgaben
日本語の本
QUICK STUFF
FAQ: Who am I?
FAQ: Moderation Policy
FAQ: Why is there no tipjar?
FAQ: Copyright Notice
FAQ: Inviting Charles Stross to speak
FAQ: Fan Fiction
Bibliography and online fiction
FAQ: Laundry Files reading order
Talk to me
Non-blog writing (old)
Mastodon
SPECIALS
Common Misconceptions About Publishing—a series of essays about the industry I work in.
How I Got Here In The End —my non-writing autobiography, or what I did before becoming a full-time writer.
Unwirer—an experiment in weblog mediated collaborative fiction.
Shaping the Future—a talk I gave on the social implications of Moore's Law.
Japan: first impressions — or, what I did on my holidays
Inside the MIT Media Lab—what it’s like to spend a day wandering around the Media Lab.
The High Frontier, Redux — space colonization: feasible or futile?
“Nothing like this will be built again”—inside a nuclear reactor complex.
Old blog—2003-2006 (RIP)
MERCHANDISE
ABOUT THIS ENTRY

This page contains a single entry by Charlie Stross published on June 5, 2024 10:23 AM.

Harmless Fun was the previous entry in this blog.

The obligatory political thread is the next entry in this blog.

Find recent content on the main index or look in the archives to find all content.

PROPAGANDA
CATEGORIES
Administrative (5)
Computers (10)
Gadget Patrol (7)
Humour (12)
News (6)
Politics (15)
Publicity stuff (11)
Publishing (19)
Travel (7)
Writing (37)
MONTHLY ARCHIVES
July 2024 (2)
June 2024 (1)
May 2024 (2)
April 2024 (1)
March 2024 (2)
February 2024 (1)
January 2024 (3)
December 2023 (2)
November 2023 (1)
October 2023 (1)
September 2023 (2)
August 2023 (2)
Earlier, and other types of archive.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : http://www.antipope.org/charlie/blog-static/2024/06/is-microsoft-trying-to-commit-.html 
 ----- 
