CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Cricket
Azam and Afridi help Pakistan down New Zealand to draw T20I series

Published: 27 Apr 2024 - 09:54 pm | Last Updated: 27 Apr 2024 - 10:09 pm

Pakistan's Shaheen Shah Afridi (2ndL) celebrates with teammates after taking the wicket of New Zealand's Jimmy Neesham (unseen) during the fifth and last Twenty20 international cricket match between Pakistan and New Zealand at the Gaddafi Cricket Stadium in Lahore on April 27, 2024. (Photo by Aamir QURESHI / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
AFP

Lahore, Pakistan: Skipper Babar Azam hit a solid half century while spearhead Shaheen Shah Afridi grabbed four wickets as Pakistan overcame New Zealand by nine runs in the fifth and final Twenty20 international in Lahore on Saturday.

Azam's 44-ball 69 and Fakhar Zaman's 33-ball 43 took Pakistan to 178-5 in their 20 overs before Shaheen claimed 4-30 to restrict New Zealand to 169 in 19.2 overs, squaring the series at 2-2.

But Pakistan's win only came in the final over with 12 needed as Josh Clarkson 38 not out threatened to pull off a heist, but two run outs in Mohammad Amir's over sealed the home win much to the delight of a full house at Gaddafi Stadium.

The first match of the series was abandoned while Pakistan clinched the second and New Zealand the third by identical seven-wicket margins -- all in Rawalpindi.

New Zealand took the fourth match, also in Lahore, by four runs.

The series gave both the teams a kickstart to their preparations for the Twenty20 World Cup to be held in the United States and the West Indies in June.

While Pakistan would be disappointed not to have won a series against a depleted New Zealand side missing a host of players due to Indian Premier League, unavailability and injuries, the visitors got a boost from their bench strength.

Shaheen gave Pakistan an ideal start by dismissing Tom Blundell for four in his first over -- his 15th wicket in his opening over of a Twenty20 international -- and 50th in all T20 matches.

Tim Seifert put New Zealand back on track with an aggressive 33-ball 52 -- his ninth T20I half century containing seven boundaries and two sixes.

He added 76 for the second wicket with skipper Micheal Bracewell (23) but from 81-1 New Zealand lost four wickets in the space of 25 balls for the addition of just 22 runs.

Leg-spinner Usama Mir (2-21) had Seifert and Mark Chapman (12) while fellow spinner Shadab Khan accounted for Bracewell as New Zealand's chase was derailed.

Shaheen returned for a second spell to dismiss James Neesham (16), Zak Foulkes (nought) and Ish Sodhi (three) in successive overs.

Azam said he used different combinations to test the squad strength ahead of the World Cup.

"Look, throughout the series we tried different combinations and we wanted to see where our bench strength stands," said Azam.

"There are many good signs but we won't be complacent and will focus on improvement which is crucial in international cricket."

Bracewell was delighted that his team came out all-square.

"Pretty fair reflection of the series, pretty happy with coming over here and learning how to play in these conditions," said Bracewell who captained New Zealand for the first time.

"Credit to Pakistan, they played really well today."

Earlier, Azam saw his opening partner Saim Ayub fall in the second over for just one but that did not deter him as he added 73 for the second wicket with Usman Khan who made a brisk 24-ball 31.

Azam hit six boundaries and two sixes in his 34th T20I half-century before he was bowled by pacer Ben Sears in the 15th over.

Zaman hit four boundaries and a six before he was smartly caught by Chapman on the boundary off Foulkes as Pakistan managed 55 in the last five overs.
Shadab Khan hit a six and a four in his five-ball 15 not out.

New Zealand made three changes as they brought back Seifert, Cole McConchie and Foulkes while pace spearhead Shaheen returned for the home team.

Tennis
Osaka has to 'scrap a little' for season-opening win in Auckland
Djokovic plans to keep playing for 'years to come'
New mum Bencic wins first tour-level match since 2023 US Open
Sabalenka enjoying 'chilled' rivalry with Swiatek
Rally
Qatar International Baja: Al Attiyah and Moreno snatch lead with Prologue success
Qatar's Al Kuwari crowned MERC champion; Al Attiyah secures Cyprus Rally title
Qatar’s Al Kuwari on pole for maiden MERC title as series reaches showdown in Cyprus
Al Attiyah wins Rally of Morocco to seal hat-trick of W2RC titles

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Doha Metro and Lusail Tram extend service hours starting January 1
Qatar’s QR210bn budget expenditure to bolster infrastructure projects
Premium petrol to cost more in January 2025
Qatar to experience drop in temperatures due to northwesterly wind
Unlimited 30-day metropass extended until April 2025
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Lebanese army continues deployment in southern Lebanon
Panama marks canal handover anniversary in shadow of Trump threat
Barcelona race against clock to register Olmo
Magnitude 4.5 earthquake hits eastern Iran
Doha Today
Zulal Wellness Resort By Chiva-Som marks a remarkable year of awards in 2024
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2025   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/27/04/2024/azam-and-afridi-help-pakistan-down-new-zealand-to-draw-t20i-series 
 ----- 
