 
Latest News
National
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Technology
Health
Today's Paper
Top Story
Opinion
Newspost
Editorial
Magazines
TNS
Instep
Money Matters
YOU
US
Writer's Archive
Sports
PAK vs NZ: Pakistan down New Zealand in fifth T20I to draw five-match series
Shaheen Shah Afridi stars with bowling figures of 30-4 against Kiwis
By Sports Desk
April 27, 2024
Pakistan pacer Shaheen Shah Afridi celebrates after taking a wicket during fifth T20I against New Zealand at Lahore's Gaddafi Stadium on April 27, 2024. — X

Pakistan downed New Zealand by 9 runs in a resounding victory in the fifth and final match to level the T20I series at Lahore's Gaddafi Stadium on Saturday.


The five-match series drew 2-2 with Pakistan winning the second and fifth T20I while New Zealand got the better of the home side in the third and fourth matches. Meanwhile, the first encounter in Pindi was called off due to rain.

Shaheen Afridi was once again Pakistan’s MVP with the ball as the left-armer took the game away from the visitors with his heroics in the 15th over as he sent James Neesham and Zakary Foulkes back to the pavilion on back-to-back deliveries. He ended his spell with 4/30 figures.

Chasing the 179-run target, the Kiwis were troubled by Afridi’s first-over heroics as the 24-year-old removed Tom Blundell with an in-swinging beauty.

With his wicket in the first over, Shaheen became the first bowler to take 50 wickets in T20 cricket. Behind him is India's Bhuvneshwar Kumar, who has 43 wickets.

However, the Black Caps recovered quickly as Tim Seifert took charge of the innings and blasted Pakistan’s Mohammad Amir for boundaries all over the ground in his over.

The right-hander scored a quick 52 off 33 but was removed by Usama Mir in the ninth over. The leg-spinner was Pakistan’s second-best performer with the ball as he ended his spell with impressive figures of 2/21.

Despite losing wickets, the Black Caps didn’t lose focus and continued to play attacking cricket with Josh Clarkson doing the job down the order.

However, Clarkson couldn’t take his side over the line as all the remaining batters were out and as a result, the visitors suffered a nine-run defeat.

Batting first, Pakistan posted 178/5 with Babar Azam top-scoring for the side with 69 off 44 balls.

The hosts had a disappointing start with Saim Ayub only making 1 run. He was dismissed by William O’Rourke in the second over.

Usman Khan joined captain Babar Azam and the pair recovered well by scoring quickly. Usman, playing his fourth T20, made 31 off 24 balls with the help of four boundaries.

Meanwhile, Babar looked solid tonight with his strokes. The 29-year-old registered his 34th fifty in T20Is and also claimed the record for most fours in the history of the format.

On the other hand, Fakhar Zaman took charge in the second half of the innings and continued his form from the last game.

He finished on 43 off 33 balls which included five boundaries.

Shadab Khan played a 15-run cameo off just five balls which pushed Pakistan's total to 170+.

Who is expected to be part of Pakistan's Champions Trophy squad?
Newcastle's Isak, Joelinton leave Manchester United with 4th consecutive loss
MCG attendance record shattered during fourth India vs Australia Test
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Babar Azam among nominees for ICC Men's T20I Cricketer of the Year award
South Africa defeat Pakistan by two wickets in first Test
Pacers help Pakistan take control as South Africa lose three wickets in 148-run chase
Saim Ayub nominated for ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year 2024
Cristiano Ronaldo lambasts Ballon d'Or over Vinicius Jr snub
Pak vs SA: Proteas take command after Green Shirts lose three wickets
Harsh weather results in two deaths during Sydney to Hobart yacht race
First Test: Markram fights back as South Africa lose three after Pakistan's 211
VIDEO: Virat Kohli faces fine, online backlash for shouldering Konstas

Former skipper fined 20% of his match fee and handed one demerit point after the incident

Pakistan to ease visa policy for cricket fans during Champions Trophy 2025

Information minister lauds performance of Pakistan Cricket Board

Preparations in full swing as runners look forward to Karachi Marathon

Karachi Marathon, which is scheduled for Jan 5, 2025, is an event that placed Pakistan on int'l marathon map

Centurion Test: Babar Azam marks return as Pakistan unveil playing XI

Former skipper last represented Pakistan in all-white against England in October

After historic ODI victory, Pakistan set for South Africa Tests challenge

Test squad seen return of experienced pacer Mohammad Abbas, Khurram Shahzad

Pakistani batting duo Saim Ayub, Agha Salman climb up in ICC ODI rankings

Skipper Mohammad Rizwan rises three places, advancing from 24th to 21st

Copyright © 2025. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1182932-pak-vs-nz-kiwis-choose-fielding-first-in-fifth-t20i 
 ----- 
