www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 06 05 → Article 1934262
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Wednesday, 5 June 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Stats, team news and key players: All you need to know about Mali vs Ghana showdown in Bamako

« Prev

Next »

Comments (9)

Listen to Article

Share:

Black Stars are fourth in Group I

Two of West Africa's premier football nations will take to the pitch on Thursday, June 6, 2024, to vie for direct qualification to the 2026 World Cup, which will be hosted by the US, Canada, and Mexico.

Ghana, a four-time Africa Cup of Nations champion seeking to rebound from a recent slump, will face a Malian team that is the bookmakers' favourite to top Group I of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers.

The Black Stars of Ghana departed for Mali on Tuesday, June 5, 2024, and arrived on the same day to continue preparations for the match on Thursday, June 6, 2024.

GhanaWeb brings you the stats, team news, major statements, and everything you need to know about the match between the Black Stars of Ghana and the Eagles of Mali.

State of Group I

Leading Group I of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers are the Comoros Islands, who won their opening two matches against Ghana and the Central African Republic.

Mali is second, having amassed four points from their opening two matches against Chad and the Central African Republic.

Madagascar has the same number of points as fourth-placed Ghana (3) but leads the Black Stars due to a superior goal difference.

The Central African Republic is fifth with a point, while Chad is at the bottom with no points and a negative goal difference from the opening two matches.

Head-to-Head

According to football data outlets like AIscore, Ghana and Mali have met 10 times, with the Black Stars winning five times and Mali winning three. The ten matches have produced 22 goals, with each side scoring 11.

In World Cup qualifiers, the two countries have met twice, with Ghana edging Mali with a win and a draw.

In the last six matches played between the two countries in all competitions, Ghana has won two, drawn one, and lost three to Mali.

In their last matches across various competitions and friendlies, Ghana's record reads 2 losses and 4 draws, while Mali's reads 3 wins, 2 draws, and one defeat.

Team News

Both teams enter the game with some of their star players. Ghana will be without captain Andre Dede Ayew, while Mali will miss Tottenham midfielder Yves Bissouma, who is still recovering from an injury sustained during the season. Mamadou Fofana and Salim Diankate have received their first call-ups and hope to make their international debuts in this match.

Ghana's squad includes two new players, Ibrahim Sulemana and Brandon Thomas-Asante, who hope to make their debuts and contribute to a victory for Ghana.

Key Players

Mohammed Kudus is Ghana's poster boy and aims to shine once again for the Black Stars. The return of Thomas Partey is a significant boost for Ghana, who played their opening two matches without the influential midfielder.

Lassina Sinayoko of AJ Auxerre and Kamore Doumbia of Brest are players on the Malian team that Ghana must be wary of.

EK



Related Articles:
2025 AFCON Qualifiers: Ghana sinks to bottom of Group F after Niger’s mauling of Sudan
Ghana determined to capitalise on Sudan’s slip-up as they face Angola
US-based Osman Bukari rejoins Black Stars after five-month absence for 2025 AFCON qualifiers
'Cheap talk' - Asamoah Gyan slams NDC MP for 2010 World Cup penalty miss comment
Mahama has now become an Agenda 111 ambassador after saying it was impossible - Info minister jabs
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 9 comment(s), give your comment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
'God will take care of me' – Koku Anyidoho 'rejects' Mahama appointment
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored by Taboola
The U.S. Steel deal is best for the country
We pray Ghana never gets another President like Akufo-Addo - Krontihene of Akyem Asuom
Bawumia is not the first incumbent candidate to concede defeat before declaration of results in Ghana
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
The U.S. Steel deal is best for the country
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Most Men in These 47 States Don’t Know They Qualify for 87¢ Generic Viagra
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
The U.S. Steel deal will save jobs
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Top Doctor: If You Eat This Every Day, This Is What Happens
Thousands of people feel better after eliminating this substance from their diet
Gundry MD
|
Sponsored
Why Are Men With ED Raving About This 87¢ Generic Viagra Program
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
Avoid These 5 Foods and Feel Better Quickly, This Doctor Says
Thousands of people feel better after eliminating this substance from their diet
Gundry MD
|
Sponsored
News
ADB breaks silence over Ablakwa's accusation of $750k 'midnight contract' approvals
Business
Agricultural Development Bank defends $750k contract amid Okudzeto Ablakwa's claims
Entertainment
His own mother exposed him; he flaunted a Rolls-Royce he hasn't seen – Stonebwoy targets 'the settings man'
Africa
Kenya’s president promises to stop abductions following wave of disappearances
Opinions
New Patriotic Party must accept parliamentary results so Ghana can move on
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Stats-team-news-and-key-players-All-you-need-to-know-about-Mali-vs-Ghana-showdown-in-Bamako-1934262 
 ----- 
