Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Timberwolves' Rob Dillingham Sees First NBA Points vs. Hornets
Minnesota Timberwolves rookie Rob Dillingham finally made his NBA presence known on Monday.
Derek Parker | Nov 5, 2024
Oct 13, 2024; New York, New York, USA; Minnesota Timberwolves guard Rob Dillingham (4) dribbles up court during the second half against the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden. Mandatory Credit: Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images / Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images
In this story:
Charlotte Hornets
Minnesota Timberwolves

There’s been a myriad of puzzling DNP’s among the 2024 NBA Draft class so far this season. Kel’el Ware continues to see little burn with the Miami Heat, Chicago is wary to roll out Matas Buzelis for long stretches at a time, and there's many more cases.

The most puzzling remains Rob Dillingham, who before Saturday still hadn’t seen a single minute of official NBA action for the Minnesota Timberwolves, even after some decent Summer League and preseason play.

A team not calling on an undersized spark-plug scorer early in his career isn’t unheard of. But Minnesota lacks that punch at times, and even traded a first round pick and future swap in order to nab the former Kentucky guard at No. 8 in the most recent draft.

Against the Spurs on Nov. 2, he finally took the floor, failing to hit his only attempted field goal but dishing two assists. He played only three minutes.

In Monday night’s league-wide action, Dillingham finally and officially made his mark at the professional level.

In just eight minutes versus the Hornets, Dillingham scored four points on 2-for-3 shooting — none of which came from beyond the arc — and added another two assists.

For his first basket, he turned on his patented jets to fly by fellow rookie KJ Simpson and laid it up high off the backboard. He then got out quickly in transition, hitting a shifty behind-the-back crossover to find himself in the very same spot, which was eventually pinned to the backboard as goaltending.

The four points and two assist weren’t earth-shattering, especially with the Wolves already up big over the Hornets, but it was certainly progress for a newbie who had made none.

If Dillingham can continue to produce when called upon, he’ll surely be added to the rotation in the near future.

Want to join the discussion? Like Draft Digest on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest NBA Draft news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 5, 2024
DEREK PARKER

Derek is co-founder and publisher for Draft Digest and Inside The Thunder for Fan Nation, powered by Sports Illustrated. He has been a sports writer in the Oklahoma City market for five years now, primarily covering the NBA Draft and the Oklahoma City Thunder.

Follow DParkOK

Home
/
Newsfeed
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/draft/newsfeed/minnesota-timberwolves-rob-dillingham-sees-first-nba-points-vs-charlotte-hornets 
 ----- 
