Friday, January 10, 2025
|
Sign In
SUBSCRIBE
Menu
All Topics
Daily Editions
|
Newsletters
|
Weekly Issue 12.23.2024
Closing Bell
11.4.2024
Print

Arbitration for T'Wolves ownership dispute begins...23XI, FRM owners in court for hearing in suit...N.Y. Times reaches 11 million total subscribers


Arbitration for T'Wolves ownership dispute begins
BY TOM FRIEND

GETTY IMAGES
The complex and fluctuating sale of the T'Wolves officially went to arbitration today, with a decision not expected until December and a resolution potentially not occurring until deep into 2025. 

At issue is a tiered sales process that contractually allowed prospective owners Marc Lore and Alex Rodriguez to purchase 80% of the T'Wolves for $1.5B through a trio of payments over a three-year period. T'Wolves owner Glen Taylor eventually voided the sale on March 28, claiming that Lore and Rodriguez missed a series of deadlines, including a March 27 date to pay a final installment of $600M. 

The entrepreneur Lore and the former baseball player Rodriguez refute that they missed the deadlines and instead claim they were in full compliance with the contract, which contained a built-in 90-day extension past March 27 if they met all their scheduled obligations. A panel of three arbitrators -- one chosen by Taylor, one chosen by Lore/Rodriguez and a third independent -- will hear arguments through the end of this week on whether Lore and Rodriguez lived up to the sale contract. By contract, the panel has 30 days to reach a binding decision, although the arbitrators could request more time.

The three arbitrators, who will meet this entire week in Minneapolis, are Minnesota Supreme Court Justice Kathleen Blatz (chosen by Taylor), Joseph Slights III of the business law firm Wilson Sonsini (chosen by Lore/Rodriguez) and retired Hennepin County District Court judge Thomas Fraser (neutral).

Should Taylor prevail, the team (now valued at roughly $3B) would remain in his control. If Lore and Rodriguez prevail, they will seek official league approval of the sale, which could leak months into next year. Lore and Rodriguez -- who have so far paid roughly $600M for 36% of the team -- have recently partnered with billionaire and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, former CEO of Google Eric Schmidt and Dyal Homecourt Partners to raise $950M in capital. That money has been placed in escrow, and if their purchase of the final 44% of the franchise is eventually approved by the NBA’s Board of Governors, Lore/Rodriguez will seek to buy out Taylor’s remaining 20% stake.
Read More
23XI, FRM owners in court for hearing in suit

Denny Hamlin and Michael Jordan's 23XI Racing sued NASCAR alongside Front Row Motorsports
GETTY IMAGES
The owners of two NASCAR teams went to federal court today for a hearing in their antitrust fight against the series over "what they say is an unfair business model." 23XI Racing and Front Row Motorsports sued NASCAR and Chair Jim France in October after "months of tense negotiations over NASCAR’s charter system." The fight is now playing out as NASCAR heads into its championship weekend, with the title-deciding race set for Sunday in Phoenix with 23XI Racing’s Tyler Reddick among the four drivers who can win. 23XI co-owners Michael Jordan, Denny Hamlin and Curtis Polk and Front Row owner Bob Jenkins and President Jerry Freeze were in attendance for the hearing, which is "crucial to how next season will proceed for the two teams." 23XI and Front Row can "still compete next year but as open teams" (AP, 11/4).

N.Y. Times reaches 11 million total subscribers
Before Monday's earnings were released, the Times Tech Guild, which represents over 600 of the tech workers at N.Y. Times, went on strike.
GETTY IMAGES
The N.Y. Times added "roughly" 260,000 paid digital subscribers in Q3 2024, surpassing 11 million total subscribers "for the first time." The company's adjusted operating profit for the quarter, which was from July through September, rose 16.1% to $104.2M from $89.8M a year before, while overall revenue increased 7% to $630.2M, compared with the same period in 2023. The N.Y. Times has a "stated goal of reaching 15 million subscribers by the end of 2027." It had 11.09 million subscribers at the end of the third quarter, 10.47 million of which "were to digital products only." The Athletic made a quarterly profit "for the first time" since its purchase by the Times in 2022. The Athletic’s adjusted operating profit for the third quarter rose to $2.6M, from a loss of $7.9M in the same period last year. The company said that the increase came from "higher subscription and advertising revenue" (N.Y. TIMES, 11/4).
Inner Circle Sports' Zimmet talks sports investment

Inner Circle Sports VP Tyler Zimmet talks with SBJ’s Austin Karp about the sports investment landscape including where he sees the future of youth sports and women’s sports.

More Spanish soccer postponed after flooding

Valencia's match against Parla Escuela was postponed to Nov. 26
GETTY IMAGES
The Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF) has "postponed" five of seven Copa del Rey matches after Spain's worst flash floods in modern history killed at least 217 people in the Valencia region. Several Valencia clubs "requested a second postponement of their matches from the RFEF, which announced new schedules on Monday after accepting these requests." Ejea will host Hercules de Alicante on Nov. 14, Levante will play Pontevedra in Pasaron on Nov. 19, and Manises and Getafe will play on Nov. 26, which is also the date for Parla Escuela-Valencia. Real Sociedad-Jove Espanyol is the only match with a date "yet to be determined" (REUTERS, 11/4).

MLB Notes: Rangers officially name new GM

The Rangers today officially announced the promotion of Ross Fenstermaker to GM, as well as the hiring of Cole Figueroa as Assistant GM. Fenstermaker has served the past three years as VP and Assistant GM/Player development & International Operations, where he had "oversight of the player development/minor league operations departments and was also responsible for the Rangers’ international amateur scouting efforts." Figueroa has been the Rays’ Dir of Baseball Operations for the last three seasons (DALLAS MORNING NEWS, 11/4).

The Cardinals will face their Triple-A affiliate, the Memphis Redbirds, in an exhibition game at renovated AutoZone Park on March 24. It will mark the 11th time the exhibition has taken place, and first time since 2019. AutoZone Park has gotten upgraded LED lights and extended safety netting. The first “Battle of the Birds” took place on April 1, 2000 (Mike Mazzeo, SBJ).

The A's have "officially dropped" Oakland from their team name, with the club going by just the Athletics or A’s starting today. References to Oakland on the A’s various social media accounts "were also scrubbed" today (LAS VEGAS REVIEW-JOURNAL, 11/4).

This Week in History: NBA adds four teams
BY TREVONA WILLIAMS

November 4, 1987 -- The NBA announces four new franchises: Charlotte and Miami for the 1988 season and Minneapolis and Orlando for the 1989 season. While meeting in N.Y., NBA representatives of the league's 23 teams took four hours to approve the new franchises. Each of the teams paid the league a $32.5M entry fee, about three times as much as the Mavericks -- the last NBA expansion team -- paid in 1980. The four expansion teams would go on to become the Hornets, Heat, T'Wolves and Magic.

Also happening this week:

November 4, 1988 -- The first NBA game held at Charlotte Coliseum.
November 5, 1959 -- The American Football League announces its eight teams: Dallas Texans, Boston Patriots, Bills, Broncos, Houston Oilers, Chargers, N.Y. Titans and Raiders.
November 6, 1995 -- Art Modell officially announces the Browns are moving to Baltimore.
November 8, 1966 -- President Lyndon B. Johnson signs anti-trust immunity to AFL-NFL merger.
Speed Reads....

The Cavaliers are partnering with branding company Stratus and naming the Ohio-based company as the Official Brand Implementation Partner of the team. The deal includes entitlement of the Founders Level at Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse. Stratus will be utilized for its signage creation, brand design and digital upgrades to enhance the fan experience (Cavaliers).

The Florida Panthers partnered with EZ Charger Rental to bring mobile charging kiosks to Amerant Bank Arena, Panthers IceDen and War Memorial Auditorium. The partnership is designed to improve the gameday and concert experiences for fans by offering charging solutions throughout the venue (Florida Panthers).

AXS announced the acquisition of white label eCommerce, a Hamburg, Germany-based ticketing company. AXS will now offer new and current customers in Germany the suite of software tools ranging from a fully white-labeled ticketing experience to a full-service model that enables payments and customer service options (AXS).


Around the World....

Turkish sportsbook operator Sekabet announced the signing of former Bayern Munich ST  Lukas Podolski to a multi-year deal. The partnership, brokered by P11 Group, will see Podolski join a group of high-profile partners. Fans can expect future plans, including exclusive content, fan giveaways and VIP promotions as part of the deal (P11 Group).

Bohemians have been allocated "€24.7 million [$26.9M] in funding for the development of a new Dalymount Park," the largest grant of the €173 million [$188.2M] announced as part of the Government’s Large Scale Sports Infrastructure Fund (LSSIF).The overall Dalymount Park redevelopment is estimated to cost "approximately €40 million [$43.5M]," so the injection is "hugely significant in progressing the stadium plans" (IRISH TIMES, 11/4).

An appeal board has "dismissed" Nottingham Forest owner Evangelos Marinakis' appeal on Monday "in relation to misconduct which alleged him spitting towards match officials at their Premier League fixture against Fulham" (REUTERS, 11/4).

Social Scoop....
Daily Download....

Netflix gives a behind-the-scenes look at its upcoming limited series "Senna," which is inspired by the life, career and relationships of late F1 driver Ayrton Senna. The series debuts on November 29.

Daily Digit....

$70,000 -- Amount of money Univ. of Hawai'i AD Craig Angelos said the university saved to have its football team use charter flights to travel for road this year compared to last year's travel itinerary using commercial flights (Honolulu STAR-ADVERTISER, 10/31).

SPONSORED CONTENT
PREVIOUS
Friday, November 1, 2024
NEXT
Tuesday, November 5, 2024
QUOTE OF THE DAY

Sponsorship naming will be something that comes to our campus. And our community is going to have to wrap their arms around it, because it's a source of revenue.

-- Michigan State AD Alan Haller, on sponsorship naming rights potentially coming to the the university's facilities.
DETROIT FREE PRESS, 1/8
PODCASTS
SBJ Morning Buzzcast: January 9, 2025
January 9, 2025

Previewing a big football weekend featuring the CFP &...
Read More

ESPN’s Kaitee Daley, S&P Global Ratings’ Naveen Sarma, CFP semis and NFL Wild Card Weekend
January 9, 2025

On the pod this week, co-hosts Austin Karp...
Read More

SBJ Presents: ONE Championship Co-Founder and Group President Hua Fung Teh Sponsored by ONE Championship
August 27, 2024

Explore ONE's explosive growth worldwide and the upcoming event...
Read More

SBJ TV
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
September 18, 2024

Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
September 18, 2024
WATCH
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
September 18, 2024
WATCH
You have 0 articles remaining
  |  
SUBSCRIBE
Become an industry insider
SUBSCRIBE NOW
DAILY ISSUES
January 9
January 8
January 7
January 6
January 3
January 2
December 30
December 23
December 20
December 19
WEEKLY ISSUE
December 23
December 16
December 9
December 2
November 25
November 18
November 11
November 4
October 28
October 21
Digital Edition
NEWSLETTERS
Betting
College
Facilities
Football
Gaming
Marketing
Media
Power Up
Tech
Unpacks
EDITIONS
Morning Buzz
Closing Bell
Weekend Rap
PODCASTS/TV
All Podcasts
Buzzcast
Unpacks
SBJ TV
SBJ Spotlight
SBJ I Factor
Sports Media
ALL TOPICS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
SPONSORED CONTENT
All Sponsored Content
EVENTS
Event Calendar
2025 Tech Week
2025 Sports Business Awards: Tech
2025 CAA World Congress of Sports
4se Sports + Entertainment
Sports Business Awards
Brand Innovation Summit
Thought Leaders
Thought Leaders: Tech
AXS DRIVE
Game Changers
Leaders Week London
Media Innovators
Dealmakers
New Voices Under 30
Forty Under 40
Intercollegiate Athletics Forum
PROPERTIES
On Campus
Newzoo
Leaders in Sport
COMPANY
About Us
Staff
FAQ
Contact Us
Advertise
Editorial Calendar
Celebrate
Subscribe
iOS Mobile App

© 2025 Leaders Group. All rights reserved.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group.

Privacy Policy
User Agreement
 
Cookie Settings
Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsbusinessjournal.com/Daily/Closing-Bell/2024/11/04.aspx 
 ----- 
