Search
Home
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
RG Podcast
Jobs
Classifieds
Obituaries
Weather
Digital edition
RGMags
Drive For Change
Log in
ePaper
Newsletter
Advertise
Terms of Service
Saltus participates in Pink Shirt Day
Sékou Hendrickson
Created: Feb 29, 2024 03:18 PM (Updated: Mar 01, 2024 06:51 PM)
0 Comments
22
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Saltus Grammar School holds demonstrations across its campuses in solidarity with the anti-bullying Pink Shirt Day movement (Photograph supplied)

The Saltus Grammar School community stood against bullying by participating in its first Pink Shirt Day event.

Staff and pupils across the private school’s two campuses donned vibrant pink shirts to show their solidarity with efforts towards spreading empathy and ending harassment.

At the school’s Junior and Senior School campus on St John’s Road in Pembroke, 750 participants came together to form the world “belonging” on the campus field.

Meanwhile, 200 staff and youngsters at the Cavendish campus in Devonshire came together to form a heart on their field.

Both formations were photographed using drones.

Pink Shirt Day started at a school in Nova Scotia, Canada, in 2007 as a demonstration against bullying.

Pupils David Shepherd and Travis Price handed out pink shirts to their classmates after seeing another pupil being bullied for wearing pink, showing solidarity with the youngster and taking a stand against harassment.

Saltus Grammar School holds demonstrations across its campuses in solidarity with the anti-bullying Pink Shirt Day movement (Photograph supplied)

Today, the annual event is recognised in more than 180 countries and is viewed as a global movement.

Sienna Mnushkin, a diversity, equity and inclusion prefect at Saltus, said that community movements such as these were vital towards driving meaningful change.

She said: “We may not be perfect, but we must do our best and put our best efforts forward.

“We must be socially aware, brave, and supportive of the people who need it, and have the courage to speak up when we see people being unkind.

“We should celebrate our diversity and treat everyone with kindness and respect.”

Jordan Greene, another diversity, equity and inclusion prefect, echoed this statement, adding that creating a sense of belonging was “at the foundation of everything we do”.

She added: “I hope that this past week has taught everyone how important it is to elevate the voices of others and take a stand against bullying, ensuring that each of us feels a sense of belonging.”

Julie Rousseau, the head of the school, expressed deep pride in the school’s efforts to make Pink Shirt Day possible.

She said that the day could become an annual tradition at the school.

RELATED TOPICS: SALTUS GRAMMAR SCHOOL EVENTS
Related Stories
Lion hunt: divers pursue invasive fish
Crowds descend on St George for top-drawer entertainment
Festive spirit takes over Elbow Beach for Christmas
Ewart Brown to speak at Docs for Dinner
22
Shares
 Share Tweet Share Print
Comments

You must be Registered or Signed in to post comment or to vote.

Published February 29, 2024 at 3:18 pm (Updated March 01, 2024 at 6:51 pm)
Saltus participates in Pink Shirt Day
Users agree to adhere to our Online User Conduct for commenting and user who violate the Terms of Service will be banned.
Preferred Posts
   
Most Popular
Today
Most Commented
01/07/2025
Teacher’s sexual exploitation sentence put on hold
01/07/2025
BTA conducts inquiry into workplace ‘concerns’
01/07/2025
Nelson Simons (1932-2024): Bermuda’s ‘top gun’
01/07/2025
Rare species of marlin caught off Bermuda
01/07/2025
Four fishermen with a following
01/07/2025
Doing time on the outside
01/06/2025
Hazel Clark joins BTA exodus
01/06/2025
BF&M-Argus merger completed

Take Our Poll

Do you support the amendments to Pati, introducing a fee and restricting a request to 100 hours of time?

 Yes
 No
 No opinion

View Results

Poll Archive
Today's Obituaries
OUTERBRIDGE Jr., MICHAEL WINSLOW LLOYD
ROBERTS, VANCE ASHTON
SIMMONS, CUTHBERT LLEWELLYN "LEW"
SMITH, WARREN WAYNE

VIEW ALL OBITUARIES
PLACE AN OBITUARY

eMoo Posts
RG Sound Lounge – The Latest Podcasts
PUBLISHED: 27 Dec 2024
PUBLISHED: 16 DEC 2024
Available for
iPhones and iPads
Available in
Google Play
News
Business
Sport
Lifestyle
Opinion
Jobs
Classifieds
Weather
Calendar
Newsrack
About Us
Contact Us
Subscribe
Advertise
Registration
Privacy Notice
Terms of Service
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Instagram
 Youtube
 RSS Feed
 Podcast
Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Notice
© Copyright 2024 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.royalgazette.com/education/news/article/20240229/saltus-participates-in-pink-shirt-day/ 
 ----- 
