Your privacy choices

We and 841 TCF partners and other partners process personal data such as cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data. Some partners may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest. View a list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have legitimate interest or and how you can object to it. 

We and 841 TCF partners and other partners may use your data for the listed purposes, you can manage your choices by clicking Manage Options. 

You can change your settings at any time, including by withdrawing your consent, by clicking the cog icon at corner or the link at bottom of the page.

Purposes
Store and/or access information on a device
Develop and improve services
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, and audience research
Special Features
Use precise geolocation data
Manage Options
AGREE AND PROCEED
Skip to main content
Home
Blog View
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
MLB
Media
Headlines
Podcast
#pounditMonday, January 13, 2025
White Sox clowned over latest misfortune
August 27, 2024
by Renzo Pocholo Salao

Read 4 Comments
Share
Facebook
Twitter
Flipboard
Reddit
LinkedIn
Skype
Email
Article Tags
Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox Fans

Sep 1, 2019; Atlanta, GA, USA; Detailed view of Chicago White Sox hat and glove against the Atlanta Braves in the third inning at SunTrust Park. Mandatory Credit: Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports

The Chicago White Sox have had plenty of dour days this season. Tuesday’s contest against the Texas Rangers just added to the list.

The White Sox entered the matchup with a 31-101 record and just 30 games left to avoid tallying the most losses in a single season.

With ace pitcher Garrett Crochet on the mound Tuesday at Guaranteed Rate Field in Chicago, Ill., the White Sox appeared to have a decent chance to compete for a win.

Crochet came out and threw four pitches before the game was suspended due to rain.

Great job by the White Sox to let their pitcher throw four pitches. Rain started as the teams took the field. pic.twitter.com/uI1r5YnYvS

— Nathan Loprete (@NathanLoprete) August 28, 2024

Given that the All-Star had already ramped up for his start and made a few throws, he will reportedly be replaced by Chris Flexen when the game resumes on Wednesday. The team essentially got just four pitches from their best pitcher before having to shelve him until his next turn in the rotation.

Fans and media members on X added insult to the White Sox’s weather-induced injury.

Garrett Crochet threw 4 pitches and then the game got suspended. pic.twitter.com/8geJmWrMym

— Mike (@ChiSoxFanMike) August 28, 2024

The White Sox having a game suspended four pitches into a Garrett Crochet start when the whole damn city knew that rain was coming is so on brand.

— Matt Lindner (@mattlindner) August 28, 2024

Wait'll they see how short Garrett Crochet's latest start is.

— Scott White (@CBSScottWhite) August 28, 2024

On Sunday, the White Sox lost their 100th game in a 9-4 defeat against the Detroit Tigers.

Chicago’s South Side team joined the ’03 Tigers and the ’62 New York Mets as the only teams to pile up triple-digit losses before September.

The White Sox will need to go at least 12-18 to close the season in order to avoid tying the Mets for the worst record in modern baseball history.

GET THE BEST OF LBS VIA EMAIL
I want more great sports stories!
SIGN UP TODAY FOR FREE AND GET THE BEST SPORTS CONTENT SENT TO YOUR INBOX.
YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE ANYTIME. FOR MORE DETAILS, REVIEW OUR PRIVACY POLICY.
Subscribe 
Loading...
© LB SPORTS MEDIA GROUP INCORPORATED Dedicated to the memory of Nevil Vega
About
Contact Us
Editorial Process
Meet the Staff
Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://larrybrownsports.com/baseball/white-sox-clowned-latest-misfortune-garrett-crochet/638237 
 ----- 
