English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: India vs Zimbabwe MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: India vs Zimbabwe MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More
India will face Zimbabwe in a must-win game on Sunday.

SAURABH GANGULY
Author

Published on - 04 Nov 2022 01:05 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: November 06, 2022
Time: 01:30 PM IST
Venue: Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG), Melbourne
Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview:


In what is the final Super 12 fixture at the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2022, India will take on Zimbabwe at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) on Sunday. It's been such a great tournament that still only one team has guaranteed themselves a place in the final four which is New Zealand. However, by the time this match commences, at least two more semifinal berths will be sealed.

For India, it's a simple equation- win to secure a place in the knockout stage and even though they will face a team who have already been eliminated from the race to the final four, Zimbabwe would have the perfect opportunity to make an already historic campaign all the more memorable for themselves by upsetting the number 1 team in the world. Will they be able to do so at the iconic MCG? We shall find out this Sunday.

Weather Report:

  


Pitch Report:

  


Analysis

With the kind of form India's batters have been in great, it is advisable to stack one's Fantasy Team with Indian batters especially their top order with each of Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul and Suryakumar Yadav having at least one big innings their belt. Kohli and SKY with a few impressive knocks already can also be considered for the captain or the vice-captain candidate in one's Fantasy side.

For Zimbabwe, Sikandar Raza has been the man to go both with the bat and ball and can be another candidate for the captain or vice-captain's role because, unlike Virat or SKY, he can chip in with both bat and ball. Sean Williams and Wessly Madhevere are among other top run-getters.

As far as the bowling is concerned, Arshdeep Singh and Hardik Pandya have been India's best bets. So Hardik as an all-round option could be too costly to drop. One between Mohammed Shami and Bhuneshwar Shami can also be picked with Blessing Muzarabani the highest wicket-taker from Zimbabwe in the tournament.

Key Players:

  


People's Pick:

  


Probable Playing XIs:

India: KL Rahul, Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik (wk), Axar Patel, Ravichandran Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh

Zimbabwe: Wesley Madhevere, Craig Ervine (c), Regis Chakabva (wk), Sean Williams, Sikandar Raza, Milton Shumba, Ryan Burl, Luke Jongwe, Tendai Chatara, Richard Ngarava, Blessing Muzarabani

Grand League Fantasy Suggestion (Low-risk option)
  

Head-to-head Fantasy Suggestion (High-risk option)
  
Best 14:

Wicketkeepers: Dinesh Karthik, Regis Chakabva
Batters: Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma, KL Rahul, Suryakumar Yadav
All-rounders: Sikandar Raza, Sean Williams, Hardik Pandya,  Wesley Madhevere
Bowlers: Arshdeep Singh, Mohammed Shami, Blessing Muzarabani, Richard Ngarava

Disclaimer:  The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.


LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir lashes out at India players; issues stern warning ahead of Sydney Test: Reports

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/ind-vs-zim-dream11-prediction-india-vs-zimbabwe-fantasy-picks-probable-playing-xis-grand-league-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview-ind-vs-zim-t20-world-cup-live-at-130-pm-follow-live-updates-best-fantasy-team 
 ----- 
