dailyrecord
Load mobile navigation
BUY A PAPER
ROAD RECORD
PROPERTY
PUBLIC NOTICES
COMPETITIONS
HOROSCOPES
DEALS
FUNERAL NOTICES
JOBS
CROSSWORDS
ADVERTISE WITH US
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
Scotland cricket team reach T20 World Cup Super 12s for the first time with historic victory over Oman
Shane Berger's team clinched an eight-wicket win after being set a target of 123.
Bookmark
SHARE
ByLiam BryceAssistant Live Sports Editor

Scotland's cricket team have earned a place in the T20 World Cup Super 12s for the first time.

The Scots clinched an eight-wicket victory over Oman in their latest group match after being set a target of 123,

They hit their target in the 17th over for the loss of two wickets and ensured a third victory from three in the group stage.

Scotland will now face India, New Zealand, Pakistan, Afghanistan and the Group A runners-up.

Coach Shane Burger had said reaching the Super 12s phase would be a landmark moment for Scottish cricket.

He said: “It’s huge for Scottish cricket, this has the ability to inspire a nation.

Sign up to our Record Sport newsletter

Get all the latest Sports news sent straight to your Inbox every day by signing up to our newsletter.

We cover every morsel of information regarding your favourite club in the form of articles, videos and podcasts.

The newsletter will arrive every day at 12pm, giving you a round up of the best stories we've covered that in the last 24 hours.

To sign up, simply enter your email address into the link here.

And if you aren't already, make sure you join the conversation over on our Facebook groups and Record Sport Instagram.

“To be the first Scottish team to create this history, to do something we’ve never done before is something in the back of every player’s mind, and every one of the support staff. To leave a legacy of being the first Scottish side to do that is certainly a motivation.

“It’s amazing, the ability sport has to pull a nation together, to allow people to dream and that’s something I’ve mentioned to this group: we’re allowed to dream, we’re allowed to go out and do unrealistic things.”

Follow Daily Record
Facebook
X (Twitter)
MORE ON
Scotland Cricket Team
SPORT
ALL
TOP STORIES
Young mum returned to home she fled after 'nightmare' emergency housing
GLASGOW CITY COUNCIL
Women forced to return to abusive homes are 'hidden victims of housing crisis'
GLASGOW CITY COUNCIL
Jeppe Okkels to sign for Aberdeen as Jimmy Thelin makes beeline for star he sold for £3m
ABERDEEN FC
Scots domestic abuse thug landed prison and army jobs in America
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE
'Earthquake' felt in Scotland with reports 'of ground shaking' and 'seismic activity'
OBAN
John Swinney warns failure to pass Holyrood Budget will be met with public anger
JOHN SWINNEY
Royal award for 'selfless' Scots schoolgirl who supported fellow cancer patients
CANCER
Rangers 'target' £9m defender as club hunt rapid transfer solution to latest injury hammerblow
RANGERS FC TRANSFER NEWS
Scots mum's diary pointed to suspect after body found in holiday island harbour
MISSING PEOPLE
Anas Sarwar claims Scotland is no longer 'the place hardworking people deserve' after 18 years of SNP rule
SCOTTISH LABOUR
Donald Trump 'must not be welcomed' to Scotland by John Swinney, demand Greens
DONALD TRUMP
Belgian tourist has 'unforgettable' Hogmanay in Edinburgh after street party axed
TOURISM
NEWS
SPORT
CELEBS
LIFE & STYLE
FOLLOW US
mynewsassistant
In Your Area
About Us
Contact Us
Work for us
Got A Story?
Local News
Cookie Notice
Advertising
Marketplace
Book an Ad
Marketplace
Beauty Box Subscription
Yimbly Shop
Jobs
Buy a Photo
Competition Rules
How to Complain
Corrections & Clarifications
Google Survey
Privacy Notice
AI Notice
Sunday Mail Centenary Fund
Paper Subscription to the Daily Record and Sunday Mail
Paper Subscription to the Paisley Daily Express
Newsletters Signup
Syndication & Licensing
Terms and Conditions
Notifications and alerts help
Do not sell or share my data
© 2025 Scottish Daily Record and Sunday Mail Ltd

At Reach and across our entities we and our partners use information collected through cookies and other identifiers from your device to improve experience on our site, analyse how it is used and to show personalised advertising. You can opt out of the sale or sharing of your data, at any time clicking the "Do Not Sell or Share my Data” button at the bottom of the webpage. Please note that your preferences are browser specific. Use of our website and any of our services represents your acceptance of the use of cookies and consent to the practices described in our Privacy Notice and Cookie Notice.

Got it
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailyrecord.co.uk/sport/other-sports/cricket/scotland-reach-t20-world-cup-25271468 
 ----- 
