English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / World T20 Cup Match 10 Fantasy Tips: Oman vs Scotland - Key Players, Probable XI and More

World T20 Cup Match 10 Fantasy Tips: Oman vs Scotland - Key Players, Probable XI and More
Both the teams have been the top-performing sides of their group, however are on the contrasting end of the results spectrum in their last games.

KETAKI POLE
Author

Updated - 20 Oct 2021 11:27 AM

0:

Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date: 21st October 2021

Time: 7:30 PM IST

Venue: Al Amerat Cricket Ground Oman Cricket (Ministry Turf 1), Muscat, Oman

Live Ball-by-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview

Oman and Scotland are set to face each other in their last game of Round 1 fixtures of the World T20 Cup on 21st October 2021. Both the teams have been the top-performing sides of their group, however are on the contrasting end of the results spectrum in their last games. While Scotland outplayed Papua New Guinea to register their second consecutive win, Oman collapsed against Bangladesh with the latter making a comeback.

This game stands to be a crucial one for both sides as a win here will guarantee a top-2 finish for both Scotland and Oman, implying a spot in the Super 12.

Weather Report:

Pitch Report:

Key Players:

Analysis

Scotland look confident and will aim to keep their momentum going and dominate in their third game as well, in order to finish at the top. George Munsey and Matthew Cross are the top batting pick from the side, with the latter being a dependable vice-captain choice. Additionally, last game’s top-performer Richie Berrington looks in great form and is an excellent captain choice for one’s fantasy.

Having suffered a recent defeat against Bangladesh, it’ll be interesting to see how the hosts make a comeback in their upcoming game. Oman’s key batsman Jatinder Singh is the top pick from the side and can be banked upon to score runs from one end from Oman. Besides Zeeshan Maqsood and Aqib Ilyas’ contribution will also be crucial for the must-win match. Lastly, Bilal Khan and Fayyzan Butt can fetch some points from the bowling department.

Team 1:

Team 2:

Probable Playing XI

Oman:

Jatinder Singh, Aqib Ilyas, Kashyap Prajapati, Zeeshan Maqsood (c), Mohammad Nadeem, Ayaan Khan, Sandeep Goud, Naseem Khushi (wk), Kaleemullah, Fayyaz Butt, Bilal Khan

Scotland:

George Munsey, Kyle Coetzer (c), Matthew Cross (wk), Richie Berrington, Calum MacLeod, Michael Leask, Chris Greaves, Mark Watt, Josh Davey, Bradley Wheal, Alasdair Evans

People's Pick:

Best 14

Wicketkeepers: Matthew Cross

Batters: George Munsey, Kyle Coetzer, Jatinder Singh, Kashyap Prajapati

All-rounders: Richi Berrington, Chris Greaves, Zeeshan Maqsood, Aqib Ilyas

Bowlers: Brad Wheal, Mark Watt, Kaleemullah, Bilal Khan, Fayyaz Butt

Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are personal opinion of the author. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

ICC T20 World Cup 2021ScotlandOmanOman vs Scotland
LATEST NEWS

06 January 2025

What will be Rohit Sharma and Virat Kohli’s next assignment? Report reveals details

06 January 2025

BGMI ESL Snapdragon Pro Series Challenge Season: Points Table and Week 3 Schedule

06 January 2025

Virat Kohli in “no mood to retire”; to play for India till 2027 World Cup: Reports

06 January 2025

Dan Christian comes out of retirement to help injury-hit Sydney Thunder in BBL clash against Brisbane Heat

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/world-t20-cup-match-10-fantasy-tips-oman-vs-scotland-key-players-probable-xi-and-more 
 ----- 
