Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
San Francisco Giants Breakout Star Makes History on Multiple Fronts on Sunday
The San Francisco Giants lost against the San Diego Padres on Sunday, but it wasn't because of anything that breakout star Heliot Ramos did.
Brady Farkas | Sep 16, 2024
San Francisco Giants outfielder Heliot Ramos (21) hits a solo home run during the ninth inning against the San Diego Padres at Oracle Park on Sept 15. / Bob Kupbens-Imagn Images
In this story:
San Francisco Giants

The San Francisco Giants suffered a tough 4-3 loss on Sunday against the San Diego Padres, falling in extra-innings.

The loss moves San Francisco to 72-78 on the season, a very disappointing year considering the off-season commitment to spending on guys like Blake Snell, Jorge Soler, Matt Chapman and Jung Hoo-Lee.

After the win, the Padres are 85-65. They remain in a playoff position in the National League and are jostling with the Arizona Diamondbacks for that top wild card spot.

Despite the loss, the game wasn't all bad for the Giants, who got some history courtesy of breakout outfielder Heliot Ramos.

First, Ramos hit a game-tying home run in the ninth inning, become the first right-handed hitter to ever hit a ball into McCovey cove.

The home run also made some other team history, according to Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

Heliot Ramos’ HR came on a 100.2 mph pitch

that’s the fastest pitch a Giants player has homered off of under pitch tracking (2008)

the first righty splash hit!

The home run was given up by flamethrower Robert Suarez, who has been one of the best relievers in baseball this season.

As for Ramos, the former top prospect is hitting .267 with 21 homers and 68 RBI. He's also stolen six bases and is now implanted in the middle of the Giants order.

He's also carrying a .790 OPS.

The Giants will be off on Monday night but they will be back in action on Tuesday against the Baltimore Orioles. First pitch is 6:35 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 16, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/san-francisco-giants-breakout-star-heliot-ramos-makes-history-on-multiple-fronts-on-sunday-with-blast-into-mccovey-cove 
 ----- 
