Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Padres Notes: Huge Sweep, Celebrating Jason Adam's Award, Playoff Pressure
J.P. Hoornstra | Sep 16, 2024
Sep 15, 2024; San Francisco, California, USA; San Diego Padres outfielder Fernando Tatis, Jr. (21) celebrates his solo home run during the eighth inning against the San Francisco Giants at Oracle Park. / Bob Kupbens-Imagn Images
In this story:
San Diego Padres

The Padres completed a huge three-game sweep of the San Francisco Giants on Sunday, getting two runs in the 10th inning to walk away with a 4-3 win at Oracle Park.

The Padres have a 3.5-game lead on the final wild card contenders in the National League, and are 3.5 games behind the first-place Los Angeles Dodgers in the National League West, with 12 games left in the regular season.

Here are all the headlines you might have missed Sunday:

Stay updated with the latest happenings in the San Diego Padres universe. From a reliever’s prestigious award recognition to tension in the playoff chase and a rookie setting new records, here’s what you missed today.

Jason Adam Honored With Roberto Clemente Award

San Diego Padres pitcher Jason Adam has been honored as the team’s nominee for the esteemed Roberto Clemente Award, an accolade recognizing players who best represent the game through extraordinary character, community involvement, philanthropy, and positive contributions. Adam, who previously was with the Tampa Bay Rays, expressed his gratitude toward his former team.

Joe Musgrove On Playoff Pressure 

In the thick of a playoff hunt, Padres' pitcher Joe Musgrove shared insights on the psychological aspect of the game, specifically on how the team is coping with the pressure by scoreboard watching (or not).

Jackson Merrill's Impressive Rookie Record

Rookie sensation Jackson Merrill has etched his name in Padres history by setting a new franchise record in his debut season. The first-year center fielder has not only made his mark as one of the best rookies in franchise history, but arguably the best in all of Major League Baseball this year.

Published Sep 16, 2024
J.P. HOORNSTRA

J.P. Hoornstra writes and edits Major League Baseball content for Halos Today and Inside the Padres, and is the author of 'The 50 Greatest Dodger Games Of All Time.' He once recorded a keyboard solo on the same album as two of the original Doors.

Follow jphoornstra

Home
/
San Diego Padres News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/padres/san-diego-padres-news/padres-notes-huge-sweep-celebrating-jason-adam-s-award-playoff-pressure-01j7xxr2ajhk 
 ----- 
