TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Cricket
What TV channel is India v New Zealand Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What TV channel is India v New Zealand Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream

Check out how to watch India v New Zealand in the Cricket World Cup 2023, including TV and radio coverage, UK time and our key player to watch.

Getty Images
Cameron Ponsonby
Published: Friday, 20 October 2023 at 9:52 am
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

The last two unbeaten sides in the competition face off as hosts India take on New Zealand in Dharamshala.

You can make the case that New Zealand’s tournament starts now. Four wins from four, with a fantastic win against England to kick things off, but from that point onwards they’ve won matches they’d have expected to – overcoming the Netherlands, Bangladesh and Afghanistan.

Now they have four big fixtures in a row in the shape of India, Australia, South Africa and Pakistan, which will give a true litmus test of just how good the Kiwis are.

Watch India v New Zealand on Sky Sports

Forever underrated, New Zealand have reached the final of the last two ODI World Cups, and they are in good shape to at the very least add another semi-final to that list this year.

Meanwhile, India continue to look unstoppable. Another routine victory came against Bangladesh, and their batting unit appears ever more indestructible.

More like this
What channel is India v New Zealand Cricket World Cup 2023 semi-final on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time

The top three of Rohit Sharma, Shubman Gill and Virat Kohli is the envy of the world, and it’ll require a remarkable performance from New Zealand to stop them in their tracks.

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch India v New Zealand on TV and online, as well as our pick for key player to watch.

When is India v New Zealand?

India v New Zealand will take place on Sunday 22nd October 2023.

Check out our Cricket World Cup on TV guide for the latest times and information.

India v New Zealand UK time

India v New Zealand will start at 9:30am.

What TV channel is India v New Zealand on?

You can watch the match live on Sky Sports Cricket and Main Event from 9am.

You can add the Sky Sports Cricket channel for just £18 per month or pick up the complete sports package for just £25 per month.

Find out more about the best Sky packages
How to live stream India v New Zealand online

Sky Sports customers can live stream the match via the Sky Go app on a variety of devices including most smartphones and tablets as part of their subscription.

You can also watch the match via NOW without signing up to a contract.

NOW can be streamed through a computer or apps found on most smart TVs, phones and consoles. NOW is also available via TNT Sports.

Listen to India v New Zealand on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra, which is available on DAB radio or you can tune into the station via most TV packages.

You can also listen to Radio 5 Sports Extra via the BBC Sounds app, or online via the BBC Sport website and app.

India v New Zealand key player to watch
Tom Latham (New Zealand)

The skipper and the glue of New Zealand’s middle-order, Tom Latham will be vital in combating India’s left-arm spinner Ravindra Jadeja. New Zealand have played safe but effective cricket so far in this competition.

However, against an almighty India side, they’ll need to up the ante if they’re after a result. And the calm head of Latham will be crucial in that task.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

If you're looking for something else to watch, check out our TV Guide or Streaming Guide, or visit our Sport hub for all the latest news.

Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now and celebrate the 60th anniversary of Doctor Who with a special issue of Radio Times. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Cameron Ponsonby
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is India v New Zealand Cricket World Cup 2023 semi-final on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
What TV channel is India v Bangladesh Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
All about
2023 ICC Cricket World Cup (2023)

News, photos, videos and full episode guide

Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is India v New Zealand Cricket World Cup 2023 semi-final on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
What TV channel is India v Bangladesh Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What channel is England v New Zealand Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? UK time, TV coverage and live stream
What channel is India v Sri Lanka Cricket World Cup 2023 match on? TV coverage, live stream and UK time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Four months FREE RHS membership!

Save 1/3, plus enjoy a £15 voucher for the RHS Cafés with this exclusive offer!

FIND OUT MORE
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2025
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/cricket/india-new-zealand-cricket-world-cup-2023-preview/ 
 ----- 
