Skip to main content
LIVE
CTV News Channel
(OPENS IN A NEW TAB)
SEARCH CTVNEWS.CA
Search
NEWS
VIDEO
LOCAL
SHOWS
ABOUT
SHOPPING TRENDS
ADVERTISEMENT
CANADA
News
United flight to Paris diverts to Newfoundland, passengers forced to sleep on benches and floor
ADVERTISEMENT
Daniel Otis
CTVNews.ca Journalist
Follow |Contact
Luca Caruso-Moro
CTVNews.ca Breaking Digital Assignment Editor
Follow |Contact
Updated June 11, 2024 12:59 p.m. GMT
Published June 11, 2024 1:45 a.m. GMT
Share

A United Airlines flight from Washington Dulles to Paris was diverted to Gander, N.L., early Monday due to a mechanical issue. But with no border agents available or willing to process them, more than 240 passengers were forced to spend the night on benches and the small airport's floor until another flight was able to depart 14 hours later.

"Gander International Airport is an official Canadian Airport of Entry with a 24-7 Canada Border Services Agency staff presence, including last night," Gander International Airport CEO Reg Wright told CTVNews.ca. "The airport authority doesn't control the border, so I can't speak to why the passengers were not processed."

The information you need to know, sent directly to you: Download the CTV News App
(opens in a new tab)
ADVERTISEMENT

In a statement to CTVNews.ca, a Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) spokesperson said agents were on duty, but only the flight's crew members were processed and permitted to leave the airport.

"The CBSA can confirm that while the request to clear passengers was made on site, it was not appropriately actioned," they said via email. "CBSA management is following up to ensure appropriate action is taken in a timely manner in the future. The CBSA extends its sincere apologies to the passengers for any inconveniences experienced."

'Sleeping on the cold tile floor'

Taylor Cady's children were sleeping when she heard the overhead announcement that their flight to Paris was being diverted. At the airport in Gander, she says they were provided bottles of water at around 2:30 a.m. local time, and breakfast from McDonald's and Tim Hortons arrived after 8 a.m.

"People were sleeping on the cold tile floor," Cady told CTVNews.ca from Gander.

Cady said passengers tried to make the most of things, and there was a pickup game of soccer in the terminal and an impromptu performance on an airport piano.

"We tried to sleep, but we were told we would get help from a United agent," Cady added. "No one came."

A screen shows the path a United Airlines flight took while travelling from Washington to Paris before being diverted to Gander, N.L., early Monday. (Courtesy of Taylor Cady)

United Airlines says 268 passengers and 12 crew members were aboard the Boeing 777-200.

Data from FlightAware.com shows the plane abruptly turning around while flying over the North Atlantic and then landing in Gander close to 1 a.m. local time, approximately five hours after takeoff.

Passengers waited in the terminal until another United plane was able to depart shortly before 3 p.m. The second flight finally landed at Charles de Gaulle Airport just before midnight in Paris.

"Passengers did have to overnight at the airport, as there were no Customs services available to clear passengers," a United Airlines spokesperson told CTVNews.ca. "United provided food and water to the passengers and WiFi is available complimentary in the Gander airport Terminals."

'Less-than-optimal circumstances'

Canada's Air Passenger Protection Regulations require airlines to provide food and drinks, access to communication like Wi-Fi, and accommodation for overnight delays caused by mechanical malfunctions.

"Should passengers believe that an airline has not satisfied its obligations under the Air Passenger Protection Regulations, they must first send their complaint to the airline in writing," a Canadian Transportation Agency spokesperson told CTVNews.ca. "If their complaint remains unresolved or unanswered after 30 days, they can submit it to the Agency using its online form."

According to Gander airport's CEO, airport restaurants would have been closed when the last passenger deplaned at 2 a.m. local time.

"Unscheduled airliners arriving after midnight on short notice can create service challenges, especially when they don't leave the airport terminal," Wright said via email. "United quickly deployed a relief aircraft, and airport personnel did their best to accommodate guests under less-than-optimal circumstances. Most importantly, the aircraft landed safely."

Gander and its airport were immortalized in the musical "Come from Away," which recounts how the town came together to help thousands of passengers stranded there after their flights were diverted following the September 11 terrorist attacks. 

RELATED IMAGES
1 / 1
A United Airlines flight from Washington to Paris diverted to Gander, N.L., early Monday due to a mechanical issue. (Courtesy of Taylor Cady)
Report an error
Editorial standards & policies
Why you can trust CTV News
SHOPPING TRENDS

The Shopping Trends team is independent of the journalists at CTV News. We may earn a commission when you use our links to shop. Read about us.

EDITOR'S PICKS
Here Are All The Best Amazon Boxing Day Deals You Can Find On Beauty Products In Canada
These Walking Pads Will Help You Get 10,000 Steps Every Day (And They're On Sale In The Name Of Boxing Day)
10 Family Calendars And Planners That'll Help You Keep Track Of Everything In The New Year
HOME
If You're Headed Somewhere Warm On Vacation, Don't Forget To Pack These 16 Things
Our Guide To The Best Snow Shovels In Canada In 2024 (And Where To Get Them)
14 Of The Best Home Security Devices You Can Find Online Right Now (And They've Got The Reviews To Prove It)
GIFTS
The Clock Is Ticking — Shop These 25 Last-Minute Amazon Prime Gifts Now
If You Have An Amazon Prime Account, These 70+ Crowd-Pleasing Gifts Will Still Arrive Before Christmas
If You Have An Amazon Prime Account, These 50 Brilliant Stocking Stuffers Will Still Arrive Before Christmas
BEAUTY
20 Products Your Dry, Dehydrated Skin Will Thank You For Ordering
14 Hydrating Face Masks That’ll Save Your Skin This December
12 Budget-Friendly Products To Add To Your Winter Skincare Routine
DEALS
11 Bestselling Coffee Makers And Espresso Machines You Can Get On Sale Right Now
Don’t Walk, Run! These LEGO Kits Are On Sale For Boxing Day 2024
The Waterpik Advanced Water Flosser Will Make Cleaning Your Teeth So Much Easier — And It's 41% Off For Boxing Day
TOP VIDEOS

CTV National News for Dec. 28: Chahal calls for PM to resign

Dozens killed after plane catches fire in South Korea

Liberal MP George Chahal calls for Trudeau’s resignation

Calls for improved shelter system after N.S. man’s death

Floods in Que., Ont. sparks debate on aging infrastructure

Canada's suicide crisis helpline marks first year in service

Warning: N.Y. officers accused in deadly assault of inmate

Nasir basketball tournament kicks off in Toronto

Major hospital in Gaza shut down following raid by Israel

Teen charged after caught driving more than 200 km/h in Ont.

9-year-old girl dead in five-vehicle pileup in Calgary

Cat dies from B.C.-sold pet food infected with bird flu

Latvia upsets Canada with 3-2 win at World Juniors

India alleges trafficking of students through Canada to U.S.

India's allegations cause calls to tighten immigration rules

Trump's taunting of Trudeau is 'deeply personal': analyst

Accessing local conservation areas with a prescription

Bubbly put to the test: Which bottles to buy for NYE

N.S. lacrosse player suspended after fight with spectators

Alberta Premier Danielle Smith reflects on 2024

Good Samaritan murdered after going to help man with car

Dad, young daughter killed after head-on crash in N.B.

Fire breaks out at popular New York City holiday market

Experts concerned about possible bird flu spread in humans

Drones help find elderly man missing in Calif. hills

Infant rescued after being abandoned in car seat on street

WATCH: Drone helps lure this stranded dog off frozen lake

Tips on the best ways to tackle difficult holiday stains

Thieves plow car into Montreal jewelry store during robbery

NASA spacecraft survives closest-ever approach to the sun

Year in review: Canada’s best summer Olympics performances

Collision with stolen car leads to girl dead in Calgary

Movie reviews: 'Better Man' a 'strange…but really good' film

Beware of products sold via social media feeds: Here's why

Cost-of-living crisis still an issue for many across Canada

Fla. woman stabbed 14 times over bad pizza delivery tip

Memorial marks 20 years since powerful tsunami in Thailand

Two dead in separate incidents during Australian yacht race

'Common courtesy': Good Samaritans recall harrowing rescue

How you can protect yourself from illness over the holidays

Tow truck driver killed in Christmas Eve hit-and-run

King Charles thanks health workers in his Christmas message

Here's how to save money on travel, despite the weak dollar

Que. teen donates Make-A-Wish to back to his community

'Shoppers are ready to spend' on Boxing Day: analyst

Aerials show massive sinkhole on I-80 highway in New Jersey

Syrian clashes 'the remnants' of Assad regime unrest: Fraser

Listen as the Notre Dame choir returns for Christmas mass

Server in Iowa given US$1,700 tip right before Christmas

Looking back at a year of twists and turns for PM Trudeau

CTVNEWS.CA TOP STORIES
Plane burst into flames after skidding off runway at an airport in South Korea, killing at least 47

South Korean emergency officials say that 47 people are dead after a plane caught fire during landing at an airport in the country's south.

Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning

Trump appears to side with Musk, tech allies in debate over foreign workers roiling his supporters

Mississauga tow truck driver charged for impersonating a cop in northern Ont.

Vancouver man defrauded Chinese developers of US$500K, court rules

15 hurt when passenger train strikes fire truck that drove into crossing after freight train passed

G2 driver stopped going more than 100 km/h over the speed limit on Hwy. 401 in eastern Ontario

If you're mentally struggling during the holidays, here’s how to cope

Physical therapy is 'the best-kept secret in health care'

MUST WATCH

Bubbly put to the test: Which bottles to buy for NYE

Latvia upsets Canada with 3-2 win at World Juniors

Accessing local conservation areas with a prescription

Fire breaks out at popular New York City holiday market

Missing dog's Christmas Eve return caught on doorbell camera

NASA spacecraft survives closest-ever approach to the sun

Why this 'unholy' bagel is leaving many in Montreal divided

Tips on the best ways to tackle difficult holiday stains

Every year this waterfall freezes like a Christmas tree

This couple surprised their guests by rapping wedding vows

'Such an incredible ride': Katzberg reflects on Olympics

WATCH: Crews rescue deer from icy waters on Christmas Day

Server in Iowa given US$1,700 tip right before Christmas

Massive waterspout forms over Texas lake

A look at a dramatic year in the entertainment industry

MOST READ
skip MOST Read list
1
At least 47 dead in South Korea plane crash: reports
2
Florida train crash: 15 hurt after train strikes fire truck
3
Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
4
Donald Trump backs Elon Musk over foreign workers, tech
5
Sault news: Mississauga tow truck driver charged for impersonating a cop in Dryden
6
Canada-U.S. relations: Trudeau, Carney on 51st state
7
Mix of freezing rain and rain for parts of Maritimes: Environment Canada
8
Dangerous driving: Eastern Ontario driver, 17, clocked 201 km/h on Hwy. 401
9
B.C. court rules man defrauded Chinese developers
VANCOUVER
Vancouver man defrauded Chinese developers of US$500K, court rules

Vince Dunn's second goal comes in overtime as Kraken rally past Canucks 5-4

Burnaby RCMP investigating bear spray incident at Metrotown

TORONTO
SIU investigating after Toronto cops discharge sock round, less-lethal firearm at man that resulted in serious injuries

Toronto, GTA to see ‘significant rainfall’ on Sunday

1 person in hospital, suspect in police custody following stabbing in Fairbank

CALGARY
1 arrested after 3 stabbed in Airdrie, inluding 2 youth

Danielle Smith meet-and-greet with Calgary Chinese community wins some hearts but not all

Calgary Skyview MP George Chahal joins growing chorus of Liberals calling for Trudeau to step down

OTTAWA
FREEZING DRIZZLE ADVISORY | Slippery road conditions expected in Ottawa with freezing drizzle tonight

What's happening in Ottawa over the Christmas holidays

G2 driver stopped going more than 100 km/h over the speed limit on Hwy. 401 in eastern Ontario

MONTREAL
Friend of Quebec man killed in Florida boat explosion says his sister also injured

Women’s hockey looks to expand coverage and support as spotlight grows

Here's how you can watch CTV News Montreal at Six on Saturday during the NFL season

EDMONTON
Edmonton street photographer captures moments and people one frame at a time

2 vehicles fall through ice at Sylvan Lake, promoting police warning

Late OT goal helps lift Kings past Oilers 4-3

ATLANTIC
No one injured after vehicle crashes into Shoppers Drug Mart: N.S. RCMP

Nova Scotia Muslim Society making hot meals and winter care packages for those in need

Environment Canada forecasts mix of freezing rain and rain for parts of Maritimes

WINNIPEG
The most-read stories on CTV Winnipeg in 2024

Cross-country ski race returns to Windsor Park

Have you seen Genevieve? RCMP search for woman last seen on Christmas Eve

REGINA
Regina man showcases local bead supply business

'A great holiday memory': Echo Valley Provincial Park gets plenty of visitors at Skate the Park launch

Missing 89-year-old Moose Jaw man found dead, no foul play suspected: Police

KITCHENER
Cambridge industrial plant dealing with major damages after fire

Minor flooding possible with snow melt, rain on way: GRCA

Stretch of Kitchener road closed after gas leak at abandoned building

SASKATOON
U18 provincials curling tournament underway in PA

Police made two arrests following a shooting in Saskatoon

Saskatoon fire crews battle house fire

NORTHERN ONTARIO
Pair of 911 calls leads to two impaired driving arrests in three hours

Calgary Skyview MP George Chahal joins growing chorus of Liberals calling for Trudeau to step down

Five southern Ont. hunters fined $37K for moose hunt offences in northern Ont.

LONDON
St. Thomas fraud victim loses nearly $100K to job scam

Ending the year with above seasonal temperatures

Trudeau, Carney push back over Trump's ongoing 51st state comments

BARRIE
Deluxe taxi goes up in flames in Barrie parking lot

Boxing Day bust: Police allege shopper stole from LCBO amid holiday rush

County Road 56 reopens following afternoon collision

WINDSOR
Community partners in Windsor propose education campaign to veer people away from payday loans

Ex-boyfriend arrested for violating bail conditions

Trudeau, Carney push back over Trump's ongoing 51st state comments

VANCOUVER ISLAND
Victoria police seek witnesses, additional victims after hit-and-run spree

Vancouver man defrauded Chinese developers of US$500K, court rules

New Canadians, non-traditional demographics boost minor hockey uptake in B.C.

KELOWNA
B.C. team building 100 beaver 'starter homes' in the name of wetland preservation

B.C. man charged with drug trafficking and weapons offences after CBSA investigation

B.C woman awarded nearly $750K in court case against contractor

LETHBRIDGE
Lethbridge Police investigating suspicious death inside motel room

Family and friends grieve death of 36-year-old Lethbridge man in motorcycle crash

Hurricanes launch second half of WHL season with 4-1 win over Hitmen

SAULT STE. MARIE
Mississauga tow truck driver charged for impersonating a cop in northern Ont.

Man shot by officer after firing at police car near Thunder Bay: SIU

Alleged impaired driver crashes into police cruiser on Boxing Day

N.L.
Icebreaker on hand in Labrador to guide season's last freight arrivals by ferry

Whooping cough in Canada: Outbreaks or case increases reported in these provinces

Her son needed help with addiction. Instead, he's spending Christmas in N.L. jail.

LOCAL SPOTLIGHT
Community partners in Windsor propose education campaign to veer people away from payday loans

In a move aimed at combatting the financial strain caused by payday loans, the City of Windsor is considering the launch of a comprehensive education campaign to promote alternative financial options.

Port Elgin, Ont. woman named Canada's Favourite Crossing Guard

'Something that connected us all': For 53 years, Sask. family celebrates holidays with street hockey game

43-quintillion combinations: Speedcubers solve Rubik's Cubes in record breaking times

B.C woman awarded nearly $750K in court case against contractor

Ho! Ho! HOLY that's cold! Montreal boogie boarder in Santa suit hits St. Lawrence waters

Teen cancer patient pays forward Make-A-Wish donation to local fire department

B.C. friends nab 'unbelievable' $1M lotto win just before Christmas 

'Can I taste it?': Rare $55,000 bottle of spirits for sale in Moncton, N.B.

POLITICS
Calgary Skyview MP George Chahal joins growing chorus of Liberals calling for Trudeau to step down

Criminologist says Canada should better track foreign student departures

Gerry Butts says Trudeau less likely to remain leader since Freeland quit

HEALTH
If you're mentally struggling during the holidays, here’s how to cope

Whooping cough in Canada: Outbreaks or case increases reported in these provinces

Physical therapy is 'the best-kept secret in health care'

SCI-TECH
Beware the slithering scales: Monkeys fear snakeskin even when it's not on a snake, study suggests

Why Nefertiti still inspires, 3,300 years after she reigned

NASA spacecraft 'safe' after closest-ever approach to sun

ENTERTAINMENT
Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning

'Home Alone' director Chris Columbus explains how the McCallisters were able to afford that house

Judge says woman accusing Jay-Z, Sean 'Diddy' Combs of raping her at age 13 can proceed anonymously

BUSINESS
Markets stumble as Wall Street sells off Big Tech

Trump asks U.S. Supreme Court to pause law that could ban TikTok

Montenegro approves the extradition of cryptocurrency mogul Do Kwon to the United States

LIFESTYLE
Proposal gone wrong: Man opens ring box to find ring missing

Missing dog returns to Florida family, rings doorbell

Winning ticket for US$1.22 billion lottery jackpot sold in California, Mega Millions says

SPORTS
New Canadians, non-traditional demographics boost minor hockey uptake in B.C.

Magnus Carlsen quits World Rapid and Blitz Championships after refusing to change out of jeans

Sportscaster Greg Gumbel dies from cancer at age 78

AUTOS
Suzuki Motor former boss who turned the minicar maker into a global player dies at 94

More drivers opt for personalized plates in Sask. — and behind every one there's a story

Nissan and Honda to attempt a merger that would create the world's No. 3 automaker

STAY CONNECTED
Search CTV News
Advertise on CTVNews.ca
Political Ads Registry
About CTV Careers
CTV News Stox
Press Room
Editorial Standards & Policies
Contact Us
CTV News AppVideo HelpAccessibilityShopping Trends
Stay up to date on the latest, breaking news
Subscribe to newsletter
CTV NEWS PROGRAMS
CTV National News
Power Play
W5
CTV Question Period
CTV News Channel
LOCAL NEWS
AtlanticBarrieCalgaryEdmontonGuelphKitchenerLethbridgeLondonMontrealNorthern OntarioOttawaPrince AlbertRed DeerReginaSaskatoonTorontoVancouverVancouver IslandWindsorWinnipegYorkton

© 2024  All rights reserved. Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/united-flight-to-paris-diverts-to-newfoundland-passengers-forced-to-sleep-on-benches-and-floor-1.6921394 
 ----- 
