www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 09 05 → Article 1949212
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Thursday, 5 September 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

4 Wins Out of 5: Here is Kwasi Appiah's outstanding record as Sudan coach in 2024

« Prev

Next »

Comments (10)

Listen to Article

Share:

Ghanaian coach James Kwasi Appiah

Ghanaian coach James Kwasi Appiah continued his impressive run in 2024 after guiding Sudan to a win over Niger in their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers opener on Wednesday, September 4, 2024.

Sudan began the series with a narrow 1-0 win over the West African side at the Juba Stadium in South Sudan.

Kwasi Appiah's side are now on a four-game winning streak, including two away wins, and most significantly, they have kept clean sheets in all three matches. They have scored six goals in the process.

They started 2024 with a 1-0 win over Guinea-Bissau in a friendly in March before losing 2-1 to the same side in a second meeting a few days later.

Kwasi Appiah steered them back to winning ways in June when they beat Mauritania 2-0 in an away encounter in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

The Falcons of Jediane proceeded with yet another victory in the World Cup qualifiers, beating South Sudan 3-0 in their second fixture.

The victory over Niger on Wednesday took their record to four wins and one defeat in five games this year.

Kwasi Appiah has been in charge of the Falcons of Jediane for a year following his appointment in September 2023.

He has managed 8 games, won 5, lost 2, and drew 1 while scoring 10 goals and conceding 5 in the process.

He has guided Sudan to the top of their group in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers and also sit at the top of their AFCON qualifiers group following the win over Niger.

Sudan will face Angola in their second game of the AFCON qualifiers on Monday, September 9, 2024.


EE/EK

Related Articles:
Kwasi Appiah reveals what Otto Addo told him after Ghana vs Sudan match
Video of Sarkodie in conversation with John Paintsil and Fatau Dauda trends on social media
What ex-President John Kufuor told Nii Lante Vanderpuye about Ministry of Youth and Sports job
Watch how Charles Taylor lost his phone on live TV after losing a bet
Blame Otto Addo for Ghana's AFCON fiasco not GFA or the players - George Alhassan
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 10 comment(s), give your comment
‘God will take care of me’ – Koku Anyi doho ‘rejects’ Mahama appointment
Re-collation Suit: Ayikoi Otoo questio ns NPP’s exclusion of NDC Parliame...
Dexcom
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Ursula Owusu Arrested
More Ghanaian incompetence – Prof essor Steve Hanke blasts Mahama’s...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
Click Here
Legendary Sea Turtle Bracelet
TeamPlanting
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
20% Off Roadie® 24 Hard Cooler
YETI Coolers
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Most Brilliant Way To Get Out Of Heavy Debt
First Advantage
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departing From Nevada That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
News
EC official broke down in washroom amid disagreements - Kyei-Mensah-Bonsu shares collation experience
Business
IMF's recommendation led to UT and Capital Banks' license revocation - BoG Governor
Entertainment
Mahama donates GH¢5,000 at actress Mercy Little Smith’s one-week funeral observation
Africa
At least 10 killed after Nigerian military jet targeting bandits bombs civilians
Opinions
Useless Column: 'Open it gently'
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/4-Wins-Out-of-5-Here-is-Kwasi-Appiah-s-outstanding-record-as-Sudan-coach-in-2024-1949212 
 ----- 
