Home
Popular
Audio
What's Hot
Video
Events
News
Latest
North Africa
East Africa
Southern Africa
West Africa
Central Africa
What It's Like To...
Sports
Arts + Culture
Art
Literature
Tech
Dance
Travel
Fashion
Beauty
Music
Latest
North Africa
East Africa
Southern Africa
West Africa
Central Africa
Profiles & Interviews
Songs You Need To Hear
Careers
Sudan Uprising
Diaspora
Afro-Latino
In Translation
South Africa Reframed
Podcasts
Freedom Day
Kenya
Music Brief
Shop
Countries
Continental
USA
Nigeria
South Africa
Global
Fashion + Beauty
Film + TV
Latest
North Africa
East Africa
Southern Africa
West Africa
Central Africa
Profiles & Interviews
10 African Music Projects You May Have Missed This Year
Search & Section Navigation
Open Search
News
LatestNorth AfricaEast AfricaSouthern AfricaWest AfricaCentral AfricaWhat It's Like To...Sports
Music
LatestNorth AfricaEast AfricaSouthern AfricaWest AfricaCentral AfricaProfiles & InterviewsSongs You Need To Hear
Film + TV
LatestNorth AfricaEast AfricaSouthern AfricaWest AfricaCentral AfricaProfiles & Interviews
Video
Arts + Culture
ArtLiteratureTechDanceTravelFashionBeauty
Shop
Home>Sports>Six Early African Highlights From The 2024 Paralympics In Paris
Six Early African Highlights From The 2024 Paralympics In Paris

From setting new records to first-time event medals, African Paralympic athletes are shining in Paris.

SEPTEMBER 04, 2024
DENNIS ADE PETER

Tigist Gezahegn Mengistu of Ethiopia celebrates after winning Women's Para Athletics 1500m Track - T13 Final on day three of the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympic Games at Stade de France in Paris, France on August 31, 2024.

Photo by Mustafa Yalcin/Anadolu via Getty İmages.

For decades, the Paralympics have spotlighted a myriad of prolific disabled athletes across a number of sports. The Paris Games, which opened last Wednesday, has continued that tradition, with the world watching the athletes create stand-out moments of achievement. Africa has been well represented in these early highlights, with the continent’s athletes breaking records and setting new standards.

Below are six notable moments from the first half of the 2024 Paralympics.

Ethiopia’s 1,500m queens reign supreme

Yayesh Gate Tesfaw of Team Ethiopia (L) and her guide Kindu Sisay Girma celebrate by the scoreboard after winning and setting a new world record time of 4:27.68 in the Women's 1500m T11 Final on day five of the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympic Games at Stade de France on September 2, 2024 in Paris, France.

Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images.

In Tokyo, Paralympic runner Tigist Mengistu won the first Paralympic gold medal for Ethiopia in the women’s 1,500m T13. Mengistu followed that feat by successfully defending her title, which has now opened the gates for more medals for her country at the Paris Games. About 48 hours later, fellow Ethiopian Paralympic runner Yayesh Gate Tesfaw won the women’s 1,500m T11 gold medal in stunning fashion, smashing the world record she set at the World Championships in Kobe, Japan by about four seconds.

“I knew I had the world record already and I am happy to break it again. I needed to do it again,” Tesfaw said. “It means even more to do it here, in the Paralympic arena and at the Paralympic Games of Paris 2024.”

In addition to these gold medals, Paralympic runner Silesh Yigzaw won silver in the men’s 1,500m T11, bringing the current Ethiopian haul to three medals. This is also the total number of Paralympic medals Ethiopia had won prior to the Paris Games.
Tunisia’s throwing queen makes it five in a row

Gold medallist Raoua Tlili of Team Tunisia celebrates on the podium during the medal ceremony after the Women's Shot Put F41 final on day two of the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympic Games at Stade de France on August 30, 2024 in Paris, France.

Photo by Graham Denholm/Getty Images for IPC.

Raoua Tlili’s Paralympic exploits will be revered for generations to come. Competing in her fifth games, the “Throwing Queen” came in as the overwhelming favorite in the women’s shot put F41, and she triumphed for a fifth straight time. “This medal is the most important medal because it’s not easy for me,” she said. “To be able to throw in the shot put, you need a lot of energy and lots of strength training, especially for (those with) short stature.” This takes her Paralympic gold medal tally to seven.

Currently, Tunisia sits atop the African medal table at the Paris Games with seven medals in total — three gold, three silver, and one bronze.

A first badminton medal for Nigeria and Africa at the Paralympics/Olympics

(L-R) Silver medalist, Qonitah Ikhtiar of Team Indonesia, gold medalist, Zuxian Xiao of Team People’s Republic of China, and bronze medalist, Mariam Eniola Bolaji of Team Nigeria, pose for a photo during the Women's Singles SL3 medal ceremony on day five of the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympic Games at Porte de La Chapelle Arena on September 02, 2024 in Paris, France.

Photo by Steph Chambers/Getty Images.

Despite a niggling ankle injury a month before the games, Mariam Eniola Bolaji powered through in the women’s Paralympic badminton SL13 bronze medal match. Bolaji defeated Ukraine’s Oksana Kozyna in straight sets to become the first Nigerian and African to win a medal in Badminton at either the Paralympics or the Olympics. A former Paralympic tennis player, Bolaji switched on the advice of her former coach Bello Oyebanji, who died in a car accident shortly before the Tokyo games. “My late coach was the one that brought me through, he trained me and encouraged me,” she said after her win. “The medal is dedicated to him. He would be very, very happy and would be saying ‘I’m proud of you.’”

Skander Athmani keeps setting new records

Skander Djamil Athmani of Team Algeria celebrates winning the gold medal with new Paralympic Record after competing in the Para Athletics Men's 100m - T13 Final on day four of the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympic Games at the Stade de France on September 1, 2024 in Paris, France.

Photo by Tom Weller/VOIGT/GettyImages.

Coming off setting a new 400m T13 world record at this year’s World Championships in Kobe, Skander Djamil Athmani was poised for more success in Paris. At Sunday’s 100m T13 final, Athman not only won gold, he did it in remarkable fashion by setting a new Paralympics record with a race time of 10.42 seconds. After a phenomenal debut in Tokyo, where he barely missed out on 100m T13 gold by 0.01 seconds, Athman has his sights set on the double, as he will definitely look to defend his 400m T13 Paralympic title.

In terms of gold medals at the Paris games, Athmani follows the lead of fellow Algerian Nassima Saifi, who won gold in the women’s discus throw F57 event last weekend.

Mpumelelo Mhlongo puts South Africa on the medal board in blistering fashion

Mpumelelo MHLONGO of team South Africa celebrates winning the Men's T44 100m Final on day Four of the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympic Games at Stade de France on September 1, 2024 in Paris, France.

Photo by Moto Yoshimura/Getty Images.

After over four days without a medal, versatile para track and field star Mpumelelo Mhlongo put South Africa on the medal table of the 2024 Paralympics. Mhlongo entered the men’s 100m T44 final as the favorite, and he lived up to the billing with a dominant race where he led from the beginning to the end. It has set the tone not just for the rest of the South African contingent — Louzanne Coetzee won the women’s 1,500m T11 bronze medal — but also for Mhlongo himself, as he’s still vying for medals in the T44 200m and men’s long jump T64.

Lahja Ishitile ends Namibia’s brief Paralympics medal dry spell

Lahja Ishitile of Team Namibia celebrates with guide Sem Shimanda after winning the gold medal in the Para Athletics Women's 400m - T11 Final on day three of the Paris 2024 Summer Paralympic Games at Stade de France on August 31, 2024 in Paris, France.

Photo by Michael Steele/Getty Images.

After a productive outing at Rio in 2016, where the Namibian contingent pulled a haul of five medals, it failed to snag any medals in Tokyo. At this year’s games, Lahja Ishitile has ensured a better outing, winning gold in the women’s 400m T11. At last year’s World Championships, she won silver, a feat that has now been built upon and upgraded. This makes her just the third Namibian Paralympic athlete to win a Paralympic gold medal.

From Your Site Articles
At Paris 2024, Ferdinand Omanyala Wants to Prove Kenya is For Sprinters ›
The 10 African Relay Teams Who Have Qualified for 2024 Olympics ›
The African Kits Set for the 2024 Paris Olympics ›
10 African Athletes to Champion at the 2024 Paralympics in Paris ›
Katouche Goll on Why the Paralympics Were a Watershed Moment for Her - Okayplayer ›
RETURN TO TOP
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Submit a Song
Open Positions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.okayafrica.com/african-highlights-paralympics-2024/ 
 ----- 
