Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
Turks & Caicos vs Belize Prediction and Betting Tips | 7th September 2024
Turks & Caicos vs Belize Prediction and Betting Tips | 7th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 05, 2024 20:30 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Belize v Dominican Republic - Concacaf Nations League - Source: Getty

Turks & Caicos will play host to Belize at TCIFA National Stadium in the CONCACAF Nations League on Saturday. The hosts will hope to have their revenge following a sound demolition in the sides’ previous and only clash so far.

Turks & Caicos vs Belize Preview

Turks & Caicos are set to compete in League C once more, as they were unable to earn promotion in the previous edition. They have played in League C exclusively since entering the competition in 2019-20. The hosts had their worst Nations League campaign last year, losing all four matches with 10 goals conceded.

Turks & Caicos will enter the game on the back of two straight defeats. They are winless in their last seven matches in all competitions, losing five times. They will hope to return to winning ways as they seek revenge for the 5-0 humiliation suffered at the hands of Belize in the sides’ previous meeting.

Trending

Belize were relegated from League B to C in the previous edition after recording just two wins out of six matches. They are set to play in this division for the first time, having competed in League B in their previous three campaigns. The visitors are still in search of their first qualification for the Nations League Finals.

The Jaguars will head into the meeting on the back of two consecutive losses, against Nicaragua 4-0 at home and Guyana 3-1 on the road. Those games were CONCACAF World Cup qualifiers, with their next assignment in that competition slated for June next year against Montserrat.

Turks & Caicos vs Belize Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Turks & Caicos have won twice, drawn once and lost twice in their last five matches at home.
Turks & Caicos have won thrice and drawn twice in their last 10 matches in all competitions.
Turks & Caicos have scored thrice and conceded seven times in their last five matches.
Belize have won once, drawn once and lost thrice in their last five matches on the road.
Turks & Caicos have drawn twice and lost thrice in their last five matches while Belize have won once, drawn once and lost thrice. Form Guide: Turks & Caicos – L-L-D-L-D, Belize – L-L-W-D-L.
Turks & Caicos vs Belize Prediction

Both sides suffered losses in their previous two games and will strive to return to winning ways, but the hosts will enjoy local support.

Belize won the sides’ only clash in style but it occurred three years ago, with Turks & Caicos playing away. The situation seems to be different this time.

Turks & Caicos are the favorites based on home advantage.

Prediction: Turks & Caicos 3-1 Belize

Turks & Caicos vs Belize Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – Turks & Caicos to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: Turks & Caicos to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Belize to score - Yes

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League Belize Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/turks-caicos-vs-belize-prediction-betting-tips-7th-september-2024 
 ----- 
