  
Rangers vs. Celtic: 7 hrs 25 mins
Headlines
Football
Previews
Transfer News
Tables
Stats Centre
F1
Tennis
Cricket
Rugby U
NBA
Betting
More
Preview: Rangers vs. CelticPreview: Aberdeen vs. Ross CountyPreview: Hearts vs. MotherwellPreview: St Johnstone vs. HibsToday's previews
Home > Football > Bahrain > Previews
Friendlies 1
Jan 6, 2024 at 2pm UK
Stad al-Bahrayn al-Watanī
Bahrain
vs.
Australia
FT
Preview
FOOTBALL
Preview: Bahrain vs. Australia - prediction, team news, lineups
By Joel Lefevre
Published: January 4 2024 | 00:29
Last updated: January 4 2024 | 07:34

In preparation for the Asian Cup, which begins later this month, Bahrain and Australia will battle in a friendly on Saturday at Baniyas Stadium in the United Arab Emirates (UAE).

The Bahrainis lost their final encounter of 2023, 2-0, versus the UAE, while the Socceroos ended the year with three successive triumphs, defeating Palestine in November 1-0.

Match preview

© Reuters

On the job for just a few months, Juan Antonio Pizzi has begun his tenure as Bahrain manager well, suffering just one defeat since taking charge.

Bahrain are the third national team that he has coached, after guiding Chile to the 2016 Copa America but failing to make it beyond the last 16 of the 2019 Asian Cup while in charge of Saudi Arabia.

His expectations may not be as high with Bahrain as they were with the Green Falcons at the previous Asian Cup, but in a group with South Korea, Jordan and Malaysia, they will expect to make it to the last 16 at the very least, seeing as the Koreans are the only one of those three opponents currently above them in the FIFA rankings.

Despite losing their previous 2026 World Cup qualification fixture versus the UAE, they are still in a position to make the third round of the Asian qualifying campaign for the sixth successive occasion.

While they ended 2023 on a losing note, the Bahrainis have yet to lose successive international encounters since September 2022 (two).

Bahrain have never beaten the Socceroos in their five previous meetings, suffering a 1-0 defeat the last time around at the 2011 Asian Cup.

© Reuters

The Aussies enter 2024 full of confidence, fresh off successive victories in November, putting them at the top of their second-round World Cup qualifying group with a 2-0 record and without a goal conceded.

After an impressive 2022 World Cup campaign in which the Socceroos made the knockout stage for only the second time in their history, the first half of 2023 was rough, with Australia losing three of their first five international fixtures.

However, Graham Arnold's men pulled it together in the fall of 2023, earning a positive result in four of five matches in all competitions from September to November, without a goal conceded in their last three encounters.

They are up to 25th in the latest FIFA rankings and will fancy their chances to make a run at the Asian Cup later this month, seeing as they are the third-highest seeded team in the region and playing in a group featuring India, Syria and Uzbekistan, all of whom are at least 40 places behind them according to the latest rankings.

Since losing 1-0 versus Saudi Arabia in a March 2022 World Cup qualifier, the Socceroos have won their last four competitive games versus Asian opponents, outscoring them by a combined margin of 10-1 over that stretch.

Australia boast an all-time 100% record versus Bahrain, conceding only once in their five previous encounters against them (3-1 win at the 2006 Asian Cup).

Bahrain friendly form:
L
W
L
D
W
W



Bahrain form (all competitions):
L
D
W
W
W
L






Australia friendly form:
W
L
L
D
L
W



Australia form (all competitions):
L
D
L
W
W
W



Team News

© Reuters

There is only one player chosen for this encounter who has yet to feature internationally for Bahrain, Hussain Al-Eker, who plays locally with Al-Riffa, while Ali Hassan Isa, Mohammed Abdul Qayoom, Abdulkarim Fardan and Ibrahim Al-Wali all have one cap, the latter of whom collected his first in the defeat to the UAE.

Kamil Al-Aswad needs eight more caps to reach the century mark, Waleed Al Hayam is at 101 after their previous encounter, while goalkeeper Sayed Mohammed Jaffer is 10 behind Mohamed Husain for the most in the history of the national team, currently at 151.

Mohamed Marhoon can move into eighth regarding all-time goals for Bahrain, with the Al-Riffa midfielder currently tied with Mahmood Abdulrahman, having netted 13 times internationally, one ahead of his teammate Kamil Al-Aswad.

John Iredale, Patrick Yazbek and Gethin Jones will each be seeking their first caps with the Socceroos, while Kusini Yengi made his first appearance for the senior squad in 2026 World Cup qualifying, replacing Brandon Borello in their victory over Bangladesh (7-0).

Goalkeeper Mathew Ryan can draw even with former defender Alex Tobin for the fifth-most caps all-time with the Socceroos, with the Alkmaar Zaanstreek shot-stopper currently at 86 appearances, while Jackson Irvine reached 20 in their victory over Palestine.

Harry Souttar has scored the winning goal for the Aussies in each of their previous three competitive fixtures, as he and Borello found the back of the net in their emphatic triumph versus Bangladesh, with Jamie Maclaren notching a hat-trick and Mitchell Duke scoring a brace in that encounter.

Bahrain possible starting lineup:
Jaffer; Adel, Al Hayam, Baqer, Bughammar; Abdulwahab, Al-Hardan; Marhoon, Al-Aswad, Madan; Al-Hashsash

Australia possible starting lineup:
Ryan; Atkinson, Souttar, Rowles, Behich; O'Neill, Irvine; Boyle, Metcalfe, McGree; Duke



We say: Bahrain 0-1 Australia

With the Asian Cup just around the corner and both teams eyeing a spot in the knockout stage of that tournament, we expect this to be a cagey affair, as neither want to risk having a key player suffer an injury.

We are giving the Socceroos the edge in this encounter though, because of the strong continuity built within this group and their solid form versus Asian opposition.




Written by
Joel Lefevre
Previews by email
Click here to get Sports Mole's daily email of previews and predictions for every major game!


How you voted: Bahrain vs Australia
Bahrain
0.0%
Draw
0.0%
Australia
100%
Share this article now:

     

 Enter your email address to subscribe to Sports Mole's free match previews newsletter! Updates are sent twice a week.  
Read more about Juan Antonio Pizzi Graham Arnold Hussain Al-Eker Ali Hassan Isa Mohammed Abdul Qayoom Abdulkarim Fardan Ibrahim Al-Wali Kamil Al-Aswad Waleed Al Hayam Sayed Mohammed Jaffer Mohamed Husain Mohamed Marhoon Mahmood Abdulrahman John Iredale Patrick Yazbek Gethin Jones Kusini Yengi Brandon Borello Mathew Ryan Alex Tobin Jackson Irvine Harry Souttar Jamie Maclaren Mitchell Duke Football
Follow @SportsMole for the latest breaking news stories, and follow @sm_headlines to get every headline from Sports Mole
Recommended Next on SM
World Cup 2022: Argentina vs. Australia head-to-head record
Slot, Amorim and who? Premier League club enter the transfer race for forward
Classy Littler sets up Bunting clash at World Championship
Partey time or a young Gunner? Arsenal's options to replace suspended Timber
Brighton turn attention to Valencia keeper?
Friday's international friendly predictions including Belgium vs. Egypt
Tuesday's International Friendlies predictions including France vs. Scotland
Former England manager Terry Venables dies aged 80
Sport News 24/7 
Scottish Premiership
3pm
	Aberdeen	vs	Ross County
3pm
	Hearts	vs	Motherwell
3pm
	Kilmarnock	vs	St Mirren
3pm
	Rangers	vs	Celtic
3pm
	St Johnstone	vs	Hibernian
5.30pm
	Dundee	vs	Dundee Utd
Supercoppa Italiana
7pm
	Inter Milan	vs	Atalanta
League Two
7.45pm
	Gillingham	vs	Bromley
7.45pm
	Newport	vs	AFC Wimbledon
Israeli Premier League
6pm
	M. Haifa	vs	M. Bnei Raina
> View full version
> Yesterday's results
Premier League
La Liga
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Primeira Liga
Eredivisie
Turkish Super Lig
Champions League
Europa League
Conference League
Championship
League One
League Two
FA Cup
EFL Cup
EFL Trophy
National League
National League Playoffs
National League North
National League South
Women's FA Cup
Women's Super League
Premier League 2 - Div 1
Premier League 2 - Div 2
Scottish Premiership
Scottish Cup
Scottish League Cup
Scottish Championship
Scottish League One
Scottish League Two
NIFL Premiership
Welsh Premier League
League of Ireland Premier
Copa del Rey
Coppa Italia
DFB-Pokal
KNVB Beker
Taca de Portugal
Turkish Cup
Women's Champions League
Greek Superleague
Belgian Pro League
Swiss Super League
Austrian Bundesliga
Polish Ekstraklasa
Ukrainian Premier League
Russian Premier League
Norwegian Eliteserien
Swedish Allsvenskan
Danish Superliga
Finnish Veikkausliiga
Hungarian NB I
Croatian 1. HNL
Romanian SuperLiga
Czech Liga
Slovenian PrvaLiga
Slovak First Football League
Belarusian Premier League
Champions League Qualifying
Europa League Qualifying
Major League Soccer
Brasileiro
Argentine Primera Division
Liga MX
Uruguayan Primera Division
Israeli Premier League
Saudi Pro League
Qatar Stars League
Australian A-League
Chinese Super League
J1 League
Copa Libertadores
Copa Sudamericana
AFC Champions League
CONCACAF Champions League
Club World Cup
Segunda Division
Serie B
2.Bundesliga
Ligue 2
Eerste Divisie
Euro Champ Qualifying
Women's World Cup
Nations League
World Cup
European Championship
Copa America
Africa Cup of Nations
CONCACAF Gold Cup
Confederations Cup
CONCACAF Nations League
World Cup Qualifying - Europe
World Cup Qualifying - South America
World Cup Qualifying - Africa
World Cup Qualifying - Asia
World Cup Qualifying - North Central America
World Cup Qualifying - Oceania
African Nations Championship
Olympic Games Men's Football
Olympic Games Women's Football
Women's European Championship
SheBelieves Cup
Arnold Clark Cup
Under-20s World Cup
European Under-21s Championship
European Under-19s Championship
European Under-17s Championship
Click here for the overview & results for International Friendlies 2024.
> International Friendlies 2024 overview
1
Thursday's Scottish Premiership predictions including Rangers vs. Celtic
2
Thursday's League Two predictions including Newport County vs. AFC Wimbledon
3
Thursday's Transfer Talk Update: Robinson, Martinez, Koulibaly
4
Partey time or a young Gunner? Arsenal's options to replace suspended Timber
5
Valencia vs. Real Madrid - prediction, team news, lineups
6
Will Vinicius return? How Real Madrid could line up against Valencia
7
Arteta's change of heart: Gunners' January stance on Saka replacement revealed
8
Slot, Amorim and who? Premier League club enter the transfer race for forward
9
Classy Littler sets up Bunting clash at World Championship
10
Lavia latest: Chelsea injury, suspension list vs. Palace
> View all headlines


Sport News 24/7 

Subscribe to our newsletter



Sports Mole provides in-depth previews and predictions for every match from the biggest leagues and competitions in world football.
Sign up for our FREE daily preview newsletter direct to your inbox!
FOOTBALL
Football News
Fixtures & Results
Previews
Transfer Talk
Stat Centre
LEAGUES
Premier League
Championship
League One
League Two
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Scottish Premiership
TENNIS
Tennis News
Results
RUGBY UNION
Rugby Union News
Six Nations
Gallagher Premiership Table
RUGBY LEAGUE
Rugby League News
Super League Table
BETTING
Bet365 Promo Code
Betano Promo Code
MrQ Promo Code
CRICKET
Cricket News
FORMULA 1
F1 News
GOLF
NBA
CYCLING
ATHLETICS
NFL
MORE SPORTS
OFF THE PITCH
SPORTS MOLE
About Sports Mole
Advertising
Sports Mole FAQs
Meet The Team
Contact Us
Newsletter
Jobs with SM
SM on Facebook
SM on Twitter
SM on Instagram
SM on LinkedIn
SM on YouTube
18+ Please Gamble Responsibly  
© 2011-2025 Sports Mole Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookies Policy
 
1
Manage Notifications
SUBSCRIBE
Your personal notification data:
DOWNLOAD
CLEAR
WonderPush fully supports european GDPR
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsmole.co.uk/football/bahrain/preview/preview-bahrain-vs-australia-prediction-team-news-lineups_532845.html 
 ----- 
