Sign in
News
News Staff
Life
Life Staff
The Daily Faces
Campus Events
Sports
Sports Staff
Opinion
Opinion Staff
How Opinion Works
Artist
Photo
Print Editions
Special Editions
Tip Line
About
Our Staff
Board of Directors
How to get involved
Policies and Financial Transparency
SIGN IN
Welcome!Log into your account
your username
your password
Forgot your password?
PASSWORD RECOVERY
Recover your password
your email
TRENDING NOW
Women’s Basketball: Huskies dominate Xavier with a 54-point lead, despite missing Paige Bueckers
Women’s basketball: Huskies welcome in new-look Xavier for return to Connecticut amid road stretch 
Men’s Basketball: No. 9 UConn visit Villanova on campus for first time with fans since 1995 
Search
24.1 F
Storrs
Thursday, January 9, 2025
NEWS
LIFE
SPORTS
OPINION
ARTIST
PHOTO
PRINT EDITIONS
TIP LINE
ABOUT
HomeSportsDroppin’ Dimes: Your NBA team is struggling? Here’s how worried you should...
Sports
Droppin’ Dimes: Your NBA team is struggling? Here’s how worried you should be
By
Matt Dimech
November 19, 2024
0
76
 Share

The start of the NBA season is always full of fun and excitement, but for others it may become a source of dread and despair. With just about a month of basketball behind us, the landscape of the league is beginning to take shape. Teams with playoff aspirations find themselves near the bottom of the ladder, while a second-round exit has started off the year 15-0. With so much basketball yet to be played, let’s take a look at some of these struggling teams, and whether or not it’s time to smash the panic button.  

Milwaukee Bucks: Panic 
Milwaukee Bucks’ Giannis Antetokounmpo tries to get past Houston Rockets’ Jabari Smith Jr. during the first half of an NBA basketball game Monday, Nov. 18, 2024, in Milwaukee. Photo by Morry Gash/AP Photo.

Last season, the Milwaukee Bucks replaced Head Coach Adrian Griffin with former NBA Championship Coach Doc Rivers, while they were one of the top teams in the Eastern Conference with a 30-13 record. In the subsequent 77 regular season games since then, the Bucks have a record of 31-46. They currently rank No. 12 in the East with a 4-9 record. Paired with Doc Rivers this year as his top assistant coach is Darvin Ham. He was fired as the Los Angeles Lakers head coach last year after serving for just two seasons. Ham’s discharge was due to a combination of player frustration and poor decision making. Another factor was his failure to manage two generational talents in Anthony Davis and LeBron James. Now, this coaching staff is charged with the task of exploiting the potential of their superstar duo in Giannis Antetokounmpo and Damian Lillard. It is clear that leadership is sorely lacking for the Milwaukee Bucks, who entered the season with hopes of getting back to the championship caliber team they were years ago. With rumor lurking that Antetokounmpo could be departing from the team, there is an added pressure for this team to find success this year. 

Philadelphia 76ers: Don’t Panic 
Philadelphia 76ers guard Kelly Oubre Jr. (9) dunks against the Orlando Magic during the first half of an Emirates NBA Cup basketball game, Friday, Nov. 15, 2024, in Orlando, Fla. Photo by Phelan M. Ebenhack/AP Photo.

The Philadelphia 76ers have one of the most impressive lineups in basketball. The only challenge is getting them all on the court at the same time. Between injuries and suspensions, the 76ers have yet to have the chance to establish continuity with their new lineup. Paul George, Joel Embiid and Tyrese Maxey have all yet to play more than seven games this year, and even more scarcely all playing at the same time. They sit at 2-10 which places them at No. 14 in the Eastern Conference. There is plenty of hope for the 76ers however, with George back from injury and Maxey expected to return soon as he is being re-evaluated sometime this week. Jared McCain has been a major source of relief for Philly fans as well. The No. 16 overall pick is averaging nearly 15 points per game, as well as putting up 20 points or more in each of his last four games. When Maxey, George and McCain are sharing the court from the perimeter, with Embiid sitting inside the paint, NBA defenses are going to have their hands full. If Philly fans haven’t heard it enough already, trust the process.  

Los Angeles Clippers: Panic 
Los Angeles Clippers guard Norman Powell, center, shoots as Utah Jazz forward John Collins, left, and guard Collin Sexton defend during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Sunday, Nov. 17, 2024, in Inglewood, Calif. Photo by Mark J. Terrill/AP Photo.

The Los Angeles Clippers have been on a roller coaster over the past five years since pairing Kawhi Leonard and Paul George together. That experiment has been an utter disaster, with the Clippers failing to reach the finals in the all-star tandem’s tenure together, despite additions of fellow NBA superstars Russell Westbrook and James Harden to attempt to bolster their roster. With George packing up for Philadelphia and Westbrook finding a new fit in Denver, the Clippers have been left with a shell of their former team. On top of that, Leonard has yet to even suit up this season with knee issues that have been plaguing him for years. When he does return, there will of course be the looming uncertainty whether or not he will need to miss time again. Harden is having a decent season but is past his prime and isn’t going to be able to keep this team afloat in a very competitive Western Conference on his own. They have fallen to No. 11 in the conference with a record of 7-7. While it is still tight in the west with several teams within just a game or two of one another, if something doesn’t change, the Clippers are likely going to fall behind as the season continues.  

San Antonio Spurs: Don’t Panic 
San Antonio Spurs forward Zach Collins goes up for a shot against Dallas Mavericks center Dereck Lively II during the second half of an NBA basketball game Saturday, Nov. 16, 2024, in Dallas. Dallas won 110-93. Photo by Jeffrey McWhorter/AP Photo.

The San Antonio Spurs are having a slow start to their season, but one that comes with a number of things for fans to be extremely optimistic about. Starting with the obvious, Victor Wembanyama in his second season is solidifying himself as one of the best players in the NBA as well as the future of the league. He is averaging 22.7 points and 10.5 rebounds per game. Last week against the Washington Wizards he posted 50 points while knocking down eight three pointers. The Spurs have surrounded Wembanyama with young talent. Six of the top seven leading scorers on the team are 25 years old or younger, averaging double digit points. The addition of Chris Paul in the offseason was exactly what the Spurs needed. His veteran leadership and experience are going to help cultivate the team’s young core as the season progresses. He is averaging 8.4 assists per game and has been facilitating the offense which has allowed Wembanyama to tap into his potential as a player. While they are sitting at No. 12 in the West at 6-8, this developing roster has the potential to make an impact this year.

TAGSbasketballDroppin' DimesLeagueNBApro sports
Previous article
Next article
Lillian LaFemina’s take on finding an art style
	
Matt Dimech
RELATED ARTICLES
Sports
Women’s Basketball: Huskies dominate Xavier with a 54-point lead, despite missing Paige Bueckers
Sports
Women’s basketball: Huskies welcome in new-look Xavier for return to Connecticut amid road stretch 
Sports
Men’s Basketball: No. 9 UConn visit Villanova on campus for first time with fans since 1995 
Leave a Reply
FEATURED
Women’s Basketball: Huskies dominate Xavier with a 54-point lead, despite missing Paige Bueckers
Women’s basketball: Huskies welcome in new-look Xavier for return to Connecticut amid road stretch 
Men’s Basketball: No. 9 UConn visit Villanova on campus for first time with fans since 1995 
Men’s Basketball: McNeeley-less No. 11 Huskies storm back to beat Providence 87-84 
Women’s basketball: Bueckers injured in No. 7 Connecticut ‘s 83-52 win over Villanova 
Women’s Basketball: Huskies continue their Big East road trip to face Villanova Sunday  
Men’s Basketball: Ball shoots No. 11 UConn over DePaul in 81-68 win in Windy City 
Women’s Basketball: No. 7 Huskies take care of business with New Years Day dub over Marquette
Women’s basketball: No. 7 Huskies travel to Milwaukee for New Year’s contest against Marquette 
Men’s Basketball: No. 11 UConn rings in New Year at DePaul
Load more

© COPYRIGHT - THE DAILY CAMPUS

THE DAILY CAMPUS
1266 STORRS ROAD
STORRS, CT
06269, USA

The Daily Campus is UConn's independent, student-run newspaper. We strive to provide the UConn community with fair, accurate, relevant and editorially independent content, to take on student interests as our own interests, and to provide the best possible environment for students to learn, experience and develop skills related to news media.

ADVERTISE WITH US

View our content policy

WEEKLY NEWSLETTER SIGN-UP




Sign in / Join
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://dailycampus.com/2024/11/19/droppin-dimes-your-nba-team-is-struggling-heres-how-worried-you-should-be/ 
 ----- 
