MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Jalen Green scores 21 points in the Rockets' 111-103 victory over the Clippers
Published Nov. 13, 2024 10:29 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

HOUSTON (AP) — Jalen Green had 21 points and Amen Thompson and Tari Eason added 18 each to lead the Houston Rockets to a 111-103 victory over the Los Angeles Clippers on Wednesday night in the opener of a two-game set.

The Rockets trailed by 11 early but had taken a five-point lead by halftime. They used a huge run at the end of the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth to push the lead to 19.

The Clippers used a 9-2 run to cut the lead to four with about 90 seconds remaining, but Alperen Sengun had a dunk followed by a monster block on the other end to secure Houston’s third straight victory.

James Harden had 19 points for the Clippers, who lost a second straight after winning four in a row. He was 3 of 4 on 3-pointers in the first quarter but missed all four attempts after that. He moved within three of tying Ray Allen (2,973) for second-most career 3-pointers in NBA history behind Stephen Curry (3.779).

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Clippers: Los Angeles has struggled defensively in the last two games and would certainly benefit from the return of Kawhi Leonard, who hasn’t played this season while rehabilitating his right knee. He didn’t make this road trip and it’s unclear when he’ll make his season debut.

Rockets: Eason and Thompson continue to give Houston a boost off the bench. Eason has scored in double figures in five straight games and Thompson has done so in three of the last four.

Key moment

The Rockets led by two late in the third quarter before using a 19-2 run to push the lead to 98-79 with about 10 minutes remaining. Eason made eight points in that stretch.

Salt Lake City: Wooden Puzzles - Closing Sale - 85% Off
Prices start at $4.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
Relax In Style
Breezy chambray, intricate embroidery, and luxurious silk come together in our latest resort arrivals, perfect for sun-filled escapes and dreamy getaways.
Johnny Was|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Key stat

The Rockets got 18 offensive rebounds to 10 by the Clippers and to help them to a 19-6 advantage on second-chance points.

Up next

The teams meet again in Houston on Friday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Houston Rockets
Jalen Green
National Basketball Association
Stephen Curry
Alperen Sengün
James Harden
Jalen Green
Houston Rockets
LA Clippers
NBA - LA Clippers vs. Houston Rockets - 11/16/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/jalen-green-scores-21-points-in-the-rockets-111103-victory-over-the-clippers 
 ----- 
