SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
EURO
LUKAKU BRACE FIRES BELGIUM TO COMFORTABLE WIN OVER LUXEMBOURG IN FINAL WARM-UP
Lukaku brace fires Belgium to comfortable win over Luxembourg in final warm-up
Anthony Tomas,
08.06.2024 19:56
Belgium's Romelu Lukaku (R) celebrates scoring his team's first goal with Amadou Onana
AFP
Two Romelu Lukaku (31) goals meant Belgium’s send-off at King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels ended in an easy win over Luxembourg, with the 3-0 victory seeing them go to the UEFA European Championship unbeaten since the 2022 World Cup.

Luxembourg goalkeeper Anthony Moris was first called into action in only the third minute, when Leandro Trossard found Kevin De Bruyne in space, and the Belgium captain’s effort had to be palmed away.

The Manchester City maestro then split the visitors’ defence again just four minutes later with a perfect through-ball to Romelu Lukaku, but the striker could only hit the side netting.

Belgium soon had something of a setback though, as Thomas Meunier was forced off with an injury after just 15 minutes, casting doubt over his participation in the finals.

De Bruyne’s City teammate Jeremy Doku was next to add an injection of skill, as he jinked through the Luxembourgish defence and found Lukaku, but his shot took a deflection and fell kindly for Moris.

Not deterred, Lukaku took matters into his own hands five minutes before half-time, picking the ball up in his own half and shrugging off challenges as he drove into the penalty area, where he was brought down by a clumsy Enes Mahmutovic tackle. The Roma man stepped up and sent Moris the wrong way from the spot to put Belgium ahead.

Key match stats
Flashscore

Belgium continued to pile on the pressure after the break, but they were frustrated by the Red Lions defence, which sat deep early in the second period.

That was until 12 minutes after the restart, when Luxembourg had no answer to Doku’s trickery on the left, as he got to the byline and played the ball across goal for Lukaku to tap home his 85th international goal.

The two combined again two minutes later, but Lukaku was denied a hat-trick by Moris’ save. Moris also needed a strong hand to keep out a Johan Bakayoko strike as the match entered its final quarter.

With 10 minutes to go, however, Belgium iced the cake when Trossard latched onto a long ball over the top by Wout Faes, which the Arsenal man took down expertly and fired home.

Defeat to France in midweek means it is back-to-back losses for Luc Holtz’s side after a run of three wins in four. Belgium, on the other hand, are now 14 matches unbeaten. That provides them with every chance of capitalising on a later start compared to some of their Euro 2024 rivals, as they begin their tournament on June 17th against Slovakia.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Romelu Lukaku (Belgium)

See all the match stats here.

MENTIONS
Football
Belgium
Luxembourg
Euro
Friendly International
Romelu Lukaku
Related Articles
Thomas Meunier backs Koen Casteels as Thibaut Courtois replacement for Belgium
07.06.2024 12:54
Kevin De Bruyne and Romelu Lukaku still the keys for rebuilding Belgium
07.06.2024 12:45
Final Euro 2024 squads: The players that each nation will be taking to Germany
12.06.2024 20:33
Show more
Football
Atalanta snatch late equaliser at Lazio to return to summit of Serie A
10 h ago
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
10 h ago
Updated
Inter Milan coach Simone Inzaghi delighted with end of Lautaro Martinez's goal drought
10 h ago
Alisson urges relentless Liverpool to create history under Arne Slot
12 h ago
Inter Milan cruise to ruthless win over Cagliari to keep pace at top of Serie A
12 h ago
Amad Diallo determined to 'make history' with struggling Manchester United
15 h ago
Napoli and Antonio Conte keen to end year top of Serie A
16 h ago
Fonseca feeling positive ahead of AC Milan's clash with Roma despite Pulisic injury
16 h ago
Pep Guardiola says Man City's dismal form has made him realise how good they were
17 h ago
Douglas Luiz set to make Juventus return against Fiorentina, confirms Thiago Motta
17 h ago
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Alexander-Arnold strongly linked to Real, McAtee in high demand
Luke Humphries accuses Peter Wright of 'mind games' ahead World Championship encounter
Atalanta's incredible Serie A run in danger as Napoli and Inter look to pounce
Cristiano Ronaldo slams Rodri's 'unfair' Ballon d'Or win ahead of Vinicius Junior
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Djokovic - Hijikata
Napoli - Venezia
Juventus - Fiorentina
AC Milan - AS Roma
Swiatek - Helgo
Swiatek - Muchova
Inter - Atalanta
FOOTBALL SCORES
Leicester - Manchester City
West Ham - Liverpool
Brentford - Arsenal
Manchester City - West Ham
Brighton - Arsenal
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
BASKETBALL SCORES
Anadolu Efes - Karsiyaka
Olympiacos - Lavrio
KK Krka Novo mesto - Crvena zvezda
Fenerbahce - Merkezefendi
Panathinaikos - AS Karditsas
Real Madrid - Barcelona
Partizan - Cedevita Olimpija
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 851 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-euro-lukaku-brace-fires-belgium-to-comfortable-win-over-luxembourg-in-final-warm-up/8OVg64cE/ 
 ----- 
