Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Restless Donovan finding success 'being uncomfortable'
Share
Restless Donovan finding success 'being uncomfortable'
Utilityman records 2nd career 4-hit game in Cards' loss to Pirates
September 20th, 2024

John Denton

@JohnDenton555
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

ST. LOUIS -- Brendan Donovan, the Cardinals' steadiest player defensively and offensively all season, has a motto he likes to live by to prepare himself for anything that might come his way during a game, including having to bounce between two positions at various times.

“Get comfortable being uncomfortable,” Donovan said with a wry smile.

Donovan, 27, is certainly as comfortable as he’s been at any point this season after recording the second four-hit game of his career in the Cardinals’ 3-2 loss to the Pirates on Thursday night at Busch Stadium.

After doubling in a go-ahead run and notching three more singles, Donovan pushed his average to .400 (22-for-55) with two homers, five doubles and seven RBIs in September.

The first utility Gold Glove winner in National League history in 2022, Donovan has been a key cog in the Cardinals offense while also splitting reps at second base and left field -- something he does so that the team can get playing time for rookie second baseman Thomas Saggese or young outfielders Jordan Walker and Lars Nootbaar.

“You do tend to be a little more comfortable when you play one position, but that’s not why I play this game,” said Donovan, who has made appearances in left field (100 games), second base (47), third base (nine), DH (five) and right field (one) this season. “I love being able to bounce around and give the manager flexibility. Maybe it’s just my crazy mind, but I do like being a little uncomfortable out there playing all over the field. I’m really looking forward to doing that again next year.”

This time last year, Donovan had his right arm immobilized and in heavy bandaging after needing a “brace” procedure to repair a partially torn ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow. He spent the offseason trying to recover from that injury and the Cardinals have tried to limit his exposure from having to make long, taxing throws by keeping him primarily at second base and left field.

Related
Cards agree with Helsley, 2 others on '25 contracts, add waiver claim

January 9th, 2025

A salute to Goldschmidt, the model Cardinal

January 6th, 2025

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

Donovan's discipline derived from Army dad

October 7th, 2024

After celebrating 'little wins,' Donovan seeing results at plate

June 13th, 2024

This Cardinals player is becoming a leader by example

June 3rd, 2024

Even with those restrictions, Donovan is still tied for second on the team in games played this season at 144. That hasn’t come without him having to battle through soreness and often needing lots of physical therapy just to get his arm ready for the rigors of throwing the ball from left field or second base. In many ways, Donovan has been manager Oliver Marmol's favorite weapon because of the ability to deploy him anywhere defensively without any worries.

“Versatility is his biggest strength,” said Marmol. “His ability to play multiple positions and not being afraid of it or switching halfway through the game based on what the game’s needing in that specific moment.

“He takes that same mentality of not having any fear into his at-bats. It’s a gritty at-bat. It doesn’t matter, righty or lefty [on the mound], he’s going to give you everything he’s got.”

To that end, Donovan now has at least 20 hits in every complete month this season. His 53 RBIs with runners in scoring position leads the team, one ahead of Nolan Arenado. Also, he has 13 games with at least three hits this season -- the most by a Cardinal since Matt Carpenter had 18 such performances in 2013.

A tireless worker before games, Donovan credits his most recent hot streak to some tinkering with his plate approach.

“We made a little bit of a load adjustment a couple of weeks ago, and I’m kind of old school in my preparation and that [change] kept my head still and allowed me to stay behind the baseball,” said Donovan. “That puts me on plane a little longer and it gives me a little longer to make decisions.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The decisions that Donovan makes daily usually boil down to where he thinks he needs improvement. Marmol marvels at the utility man’s work ethic, noting that Donovan can rarely ever be found sitting at his locker and relaxing.

“Unfortunately, I can’t turn my brain off, so I’ve already thought about what the process is going to look like tomorrow,” said Donovan, who works daily fielding machine-fed grounders with infield coach Stubby Clapp. “[The next day’s work] is the last thing I think about when I go to sleep, and unfortunately, it’s the first thing I think about when I wake up.

“On the drive home and every night before bed, I reflect on the day. Whether it’s positivity or just me venting, I try to get it off my brain and then I move on to the next day and think about what I can do to prepare for the next [opponent].”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals
Brendan Donovan

Senior Reporter John Denton covers the Cardinals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/brendan-donovan-logs-4-hit-game-in-cardinals-loss-to-pirates 
 ----- 
