SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
King Charles warns against climate change threat, as some push for slavery reparations
By foreign affairs reporter Stephen Dziedzic in Samoa

Topic:
Climate Change

Fri 25 Oct
Friday 25 October

King Charles warned against the threat of climate change. (Reuters: Ian Vogler/Pool)

In short:

King Charles has used a speech at CHOGM to warn against the threat of climate change, encouraging all commonwealth member states to do everything possible to cut emissions.

The king has a long record of advocacy on environmental issues, although he has tempered his language since ascending to the throne.

What's next?

Climate issues are set to dominate the summit, but there has also been a push from some nations to discuss reparations, or other forms of reparatory justice, for colonialism and slavery.

abc.net.au/news/king-warns-against-climate-threat/104516712
Link copied
Share article

King Charles has used his opening speech to the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM) to warn against the "existential" threat of climate change, encouraging all 56 member states gathered in Samoa to do everything possible to cut emissions.

The commonwealth's ranks are dominated by small and developing countries across Africa, South Asia, the Caribbean and the Pacific, and many have been pressing wealthier countries to ramp up climate finance to help them deal with the threat.

King Charles has a long record of advocacy on climate change, although he's tempered his language since ascending to the throne.

Climate issues are set to dominate the summit. (Reuters: Ian Vogler/Pool)

He told the official opening of CHOGM that humanity needed to "forge a future of harmony with nature and between ourselves" and that leaders had raised the issue with him "again and again".

"This year alone we have seen terrifying storms in the Caribbean, devastating flooding in East Africa and catastrophic wildfires in Canada," he said.

"I can only offer every encouragement for action with unequivocal determination to arrest rising temperatures by cutting emissions, building resilience as far as possible to both the current and forecast impacts of climate change, and conserving and restoring nature both on land and in the sea."

The king also warned that climate change was undermining development progress, and exacerbating inequalities between wealthy and developing nations across the commonwealth.

King Charles drank from a cup of kava, locally known as "ava", during a ceremony in Samoa on Thursday. (Reuters: Victoria Jones/Pool)

Nations push for climate action, reparations for colonialism

Samoa's Prime Minister, Fiame Naomi Mata'afa, said hosting CHOGM would help her country draw attention to the profound climate risks her country was facing.

"Our strength lies in spotlighting issues that might otherwise be overlooked. The hosting of CHOGM 2024 in the Pacific is a great opportunity for all to experience our lived reality," she said.

Samoa's prime minister Fiame Naomi Mata'afa. (Reuters: Chris Jackson/Pool)

"Especially with climate change. It is the greatest threat to the survival and security of our Pacific people."

Ahead of the summit, Tuvalu's Prime Minister Feleti Teo also pressed Australia over fossil fuel exports, suggesting it was inconsistent with the Falepili Union he ratified earlier this year with Prime Minister Anthony Albanese.

But Mr Albanese told reporters in Apia that Australia recognised climate change presented an "existential challenge" to the region, insisting he would have "positive discussions" with Prime Minister Teo and other Pacific leaders.

"They recognise that the challenge of climate change doesn't mean that you can just flick a switch and act immediately," he said.

"We need to make sure that energy security is prioritised."

'Death sentence': Pacific nations plead that Australia phases out fossil fuels
Photo shows An aerial view of Tuvalu. 

Several Pacific island nations are ramping up pressure on Australia over climate change during CHOGM.

While the Pacific is sharply focused on climate, some commonwealth countries are still pushing for a discussion on reparations — or other forms of reparatory justice — for colonialism and slavery.

The United Kingdom's Prime Minister Keir Starmer has already ruled out either reparations or a formal apology for slavery.

King Charles made only a veiled reference to colonialism in his speech, saying "our cohesion requires that we acknowledge where we have come from."

"I understand from listening to people across the commonwealth how the most painful aspects of our past continue to resonate," he said.

"It is vital, therefore, that we understand our history, to guide us towards making the right choices in future where inequality exists."

But some African and Caribbean nations are still pressing the UK to open discussions on reparations.

Anthony Albanese and British Prime Minister Keir Starmer had a bilateral meeting during CHOGM. (Reuters: Stefan Rousseau/Pool)

The BBC has reported that a draft of the summit communique which leaders will issue on Saturday will "note" calls for "discussions on reparatory justice".

The draft communique also reportedly says that commonwealth leaders would play "an active role in bringing about such inclusive conversations addressing these harms" and agree "to prioritise and facilitate further and additional research" on the slave trade to help "inform a way forward."

Commonwealth secretary-general Patricia Scotland said that the issue was "not on the formal agenda" at CHOGM, but said if leaders "wanted to discuss it, they would."

"Our leaders, when they come together, have always been able to talk about any issue that's important to them," she said.

Samoa hosts King Charles and thousands of visitors for CHOGM | The Pacific

Get a morning news briefing in your inbox
Subscribe to our ABC NewsMail bringing you breaking news from overnight, plus a heads-up on the stories that will shape your day.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Fri 25 Oct 2024 at 3:03am
Friday 25 Oct 2024 at 3:03am
Related stories

Topic:
Climate Change

'Death sentence': Pacific nations slam Australia's climate record at Commonwealth meeting
Photo shows An aerial view of Tuvalu. 

Topic:
Foreign Affairs

King Charles is heading to Samoa to join Commonwealth heads of government. Here's what's on the agenda
Photo shows A man wearing a sombrero poses with an Australian flag

Topic:
Foreign Affairs

Samoan culinary gems served to world leaders to include breadfruit and misiluki bananas
Photo shows Leaupepe Lasa Aiono wearing a yellow bandana on head looking at camera whilst holding two Chinese cabbages in hands.
Related topics

Australia

Climate Change

Environment

Environmental Policy

Federal Government

Foreign Affairs

Government and Politics

Pacific

Samoa

Tuvalu

United Kingdom

World Politics

Top Stories
Missing hiker 'survived on two muesli bars' during 13 days in the bush

Topic:
Missing Person

Rising cases of vitamin B6 toxicity causing concerns for peak medical bodies

Topic:
Health

Pilot in fatal Rottnest Island seaplane crash identified

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Albanese defends teen social media ban as Meta fights government 'censorship'

Topic:
Federal Government

Meta opts to leave fact-checking to unpaid users. What could go wrong?

Topic:
Explainer

Just In
Andrew Forrest charity named in ExxonMobil defamation lawsuit

Topic:
Courts

1h ago
1 hours ago
Rising arrest numbers could 'choke' NT court system, lawyers warn

Topic:
Justice System

4h ago
4 hours ago
Gibson speaks out amid push for mandatory checks for elected officials

Topic:
Law, Crime and Justice

5h ago
5 hours ago
Mackay woman charged with attempted murder over 'road rage gone too far'

Topic:
Courts

5h ago
5 hours ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-10-25/king-warns-against-climate-threat/104516712 
 ----- 
