New Times,
New Thinking.

In this section
 Search
Subscribe
Sign In
Politics
Polling
23 October 2024updated 25 Oct 2024 5:49pm
Kamala Harris’s man problem

A two-pronged strategy could help her campaign break the gender divide.

By Ben Walker

Photo by Sarah Rice/Getty Images

Last week Kamala Harris launched her “Opportunity Agenda for Black Men” plan, as she hopes – just two weeks out from the election – to shore up support from this demographic. Evidence suggests that black voters are apathetic about Harris’s campaign, more so than they have been about the Democrats in recent years. This “Opportunity Agenda” includes offering forgivable loans to black entrepreneurs, increased influence over the future of the United States’ cannabis industry, and more apprenticeships.

This is a sound strategy for an election plagued by a cost of living crisis, where voters are motivated by the economy more than any other question. But it is even smarter than that. Harris is not just targeting the black electorate, she is specifically targeting men. Since 2012 the gap between how men and women vote has been widening. In fact, there is plenty of polling that suggests this gap is at a record high – and since 2012 it has been near or greater than 20 percentage points. In 2020 Trump won the male vote by 8 points, while Biden won women by 15 points. Not once since Jimmy Carter in 1976 have a majority of men voted for Democrats.

This is a generational question too. The idea that the young are inflexibly liberal - and that by only turning out the youth vote you will guarantee better results for Democrats - is foolish. There is evidence already that young American men are growing alienated with progressive politics. In 2020 men aged 25-29 tended to go for Trump over Biden. Meanwhile, the rise of Trump appears to have galvanised young women into identifying as liberal. A similar phenomenon occurred in Britain, where the rise of Ukip caused more people to advocate for a full open border immigration policy than before. If you look below you will see that the small gender gap that existed in the US in the early 2000s has boomed since 2016.

Start the new year with a New Statesman subscription from only £8.99 per month.
Subscribe

This month Harris has embarked on a media blitz - including an appearance on Fox News, and the less traditional platform of Call Her Daddy, a podcast about sex and dating aimed primarily at women. But whispers that the candidate may go on the Joe Rogan Experience would help bolster her chances with this tricky young male demographic.

Rogan's audience skews overwhelmingly male and young. And he averages 11 million listeners per episode. Though the podcast has no clearly defined politics - Rogan hosts a broad church of guests and themes - it certainly is not particularly "progressive". By appearing on the podcast Harris could access a huge audience that is both increasingly alienated with politics and not strictly liberal.

The current state of political programming is siloed - MSNBC and Fox viewers both already have fixed allegiances and identities. To win, candidates need to know not just how to speak across these harshly drawn lines, but how to speak to those who fall between the cracks. A slew of Rogan fans will be among that pool of voters who see themselves as neither liberal nor conservative. Harris could have a smart, dual-pronged strategy on her hands: targeting the black male vote with economic promises, and sitting down with Rogan to access hard to reach men. Extracting herself from the bubble is a necessary route to electoral success.

Listen to the New Statesman podcast

[See also: Why Labour’s Trump row is a headache for Keir Starmer]

Content from our partners
Building Britain’s water security
Spotlight
How to solve the teaching crisis
Russell Hobby
Pitching in to support grassroots football
Spotlight

Related

UK Politics
Rachel Reeves’ fiscal nightmare
Comment
The truth about the grooming scandal
Polling
Is Farage winning the youth vote?

Ben Walker
@bnhwalker
Ben Walker is a senior data journalist at the New Statesman and writes extensively about elections and UK public opinion. He is the co-founder of poll aggregator Britain Elects.
More from this author
See All
Ben Walker
Is Farage winning the youth vote?
Ben Walker
Will Reform win in your local council?
More of this topic
UK Politics
Rachel Reeves’ fiscal nightmare
Comment
The truth about the grooming scandal
Polling
Is Farage winning the youth vote?
Recent Podcasts
Politics podcast
Politics 2024: The good, the bad, and the ugly
Politics podcast
What Musk’s money could do for Reform UK
Politics podcast
Emily Thornberry: I won’t be on the welcome committee for Trump
New Statesman
About us
History
Help Centre
Contact us
Advertising & Partnerships
RSS
Social
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
LinkedIn
Legal
Privacy policy
T&Cs
New Times New Ideas New Statesman
© 2025 Progressive Media Investments
We at Progressive Media Investments value your privacy
We may store and access personal data such as cookies, device identifiers or other similar technologies on your device and process such data to enhance site navigation, personalize ads and content when you visit our sites, measure ad and content performance, gain audience insights, analyze our site traffic as well as develop and improve our products and services. Further information on the cookies we use and their purpose can be found on our website privacy policy accessible here

We use necessary cookies to make our site work. Necessary cookies enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions. We'd also like to set optional cookies to help us improve our website and help improve your experience whilst on our website.

By clicking ‘Accept All Cookies’ you agree to us enabling all optional cookies for these purposes. Alternatively, you can set which optional cookies you wish to enable (and update your preferences including withdrawing your consent) at any time, by clicking ‘Cookie Settings’.
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Preferences link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.

We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept All Cookies
Cookie Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newstatesman.com/politics/polling/2024/10/kamala-harriss-man-problem 
 ----- 
