Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Veteran Mike Ford Makes Unbelievable History in Loss to Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday
The Seattle Mariners were beaten in devastating fashion by the Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday night, but veteran DH Mike Ford did something that has shockingly only happened four times in team history.
Brady Farkas | Sep 17, 2023
Veteran Mike Ford Makes Unbelievable History in Loss to Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday /
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

The Seattle Mariners were beaten by the Los Angeles Dodgers on Saturday night 6-2 in 11 innings.

It was a devastating loss that dropped Seattle out of the American League playoff race for the moment. At 81-67, they are 0.5 games behind the Toronto Blue Jays for the third and final wild card spot.

The game was scoreless through nine innings with the Dodgers taking a 1-0 lead in the 10th. In the bottom of the 10th, the Mariners tied the game on a two-out, pinch-hit single by Mike Ford. That hit accounted for a shocking bit of team history.

Per @MarinersPR:

List of @Mariners with pinch-hit, game-tying hits in extra innings: 

Scott Bradley, Aug. 11, 1990 vs. BOS 

Tino Martinez, Sept. 18, 1991 vs. TOR 

Luis Torrens, Sept. 29, 2022 vs. TEX 

Mike Ford, Tonight vs. LAD

Considering the Mariners have existed for nearly 50 years, that's shocking that this has only happened four times. It was a big hit for Ford, who has established himself as a valuable piece of a team that's battling for a playoff spot. He's hitting .225 with 16 homers and 34 RBI this year. He's carried an OPS of .805. 

He's in his fifth major league season, having spent time with the Yankees, Giants, Mariners, Braves and Angels.

The Mariners and Dodgers will finish out their series on Sunday afternoon.

First pitch from T-Mobile Park is scheduled for 4:10 p.m. ET as Logan Gilbert gets the ball for Seattle. Having just wrapped up the National League west title, the Dodgers have yet to announce a starting pitcher.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 17, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/veteran-mike-ford-makes-shocking-seattle-mariners-team-history-in-extra-inning-loss-to-los-angeles-dodgers 
 ----- 
