LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
IND vs NZ 2nd Test, Day 2: Santner the star as New Zealand eyes series win and history
India are seeking a 19th straight home series victory since a 2-1 defeat by England in 2012, but will need a battling effort to draw level with New Zealand ahead of the finale in Mumbai early next month.

Updated - October 26, 2024 04:55 am IST - Pune

AMOL KARHADKAR
READ LATER
PRINT

New Zealand Mitchell Santner celebrates after taking a wicket on day 2 of the second Test against India in Pune on October 25, 2024. | Photo Credit: K. Bhagya Prakash

Once is an aberration. Twice is a pattern.

The venue changed. So did the conditions. But India’s batters staged a first-innings meek surrender for the second week in succession. As a result, New Zealand tightened its noose around India and found itself in with a realistic chance of winning its maiden Test series on Indian soil.

Mitchell Santner’s (7/53) clever variation in speed – combined with inexplicable strokeplay by India’s batters – not only resulted in his maiden five-wicket haul in Tests but also helped New Zealand bundle India out for 156 at the Maharashtra Cricket Association stadium on Friday (October 25, 2024). A captain’s knock by Tom Latham then ensured that the sizeable 103-run advantage was built on superbly by the New Zealand batters.

IND vs NZ second Test: Day 2 in pictures, October 25, 2024
New Zealand’s Mitchell Santner proved to be nemesis for the Indian batsmen as he claimed seven wickets in the first innings and his effort enabled India to be dismissed for 156, in Pune on October 25, 2024
Virat Kohli was dimissed by Mitchell Santner for 1 in the second Test in Pune.
Mitchell Santner bowled brilliantly as this delivery dismissed Akash Deep on day 2 of the second Test in Pune.
Ravindra Jadeja was the top scorer for India in the first innings of the second Test. Jadeja scored 38 in the total score of 156.
New Zealand players celebrate the wicket of Rishabh Pant on day 2 of the second Test in Pune.
New Zealand’s captain Tom Latham scored a brilliant 86 to take New Zealand lead past 300.
New Zealand’s Tom Blundell was not out on 30 and he is expected to take Kiwis past 350.
Having taken seven wickets in the first innings, Washington Sundar took four wickets in the second New Zealand innings.
New Zealand’s Rachin Ravindra was dismissed by Washington Sundar. Ravindra was castled by Sundar in both the innings.
1/9

At the end of the second day’s play, New Zealand was 198 for five, with an advantage of 301 runs. Should India have to give itself a remote chance, the spin trio will have to dismiss the lower order quickly and the batting needs to come good.

If Friday’s first session was an indication, it will be a Herculean task to even make a match of it. Starting its first innings at 16 for one, opener Yashasvi Jaiswal and Shubman Gill were comfortable against Tim Southee’s pace but Santner started asking questions in the first over itself. Gill was fortunate to have been adjudged not out off a close lbw shout while missing one that rapped his pads in line.

India vs New Zealand 2nd Test Day 2 Highlights

While Jaiswal successfully employed the reverse-sweep off Santner, Gill charged down to loft Southee over his head for a six. In the 11th over, however, Gill ran out of luck as Paul Reiffel upheld an lbw appeal. By then, Santner had settled into a nice rhythm and rather than trying to put too many revs on the ball, he was focussed on varying the pace and letting the dicey strip do the rest.

It worked in his next over as Santner found Virat Kohli playing all over a slow full-toss, missing it and watching the ball crash into the stumps. It was a ball that an on-song Kohli could have hit anywhere but he failed to even connect.

That dismissal sparked a string of bad shots. While Jaiswal edged offie Glenn Phillips to the slip, Rishabh Pant and Sarfaraz Khan both had a reprieve each but failed to capitalise on it. Pant missed a slower ball off the backfoot off Phillips while Sarfaraz miscued a drive to deepish mid-off. When R. Ashwin was undone with a skidder that also stayed low, Santner was on a roll and India was reeling at 103 for seven.

Had it not been for Ravindra Jadeja and Washington Sundar’s cameos after the break, India would have struggled to cross the 150-run mark. Santner’s relentless pressure meant he picked the last three wickets to end India’s innings.

Latham and Devon Conway then batted positively as New Zealand opened on a strong note. Despite Washington continuing to strike regularly and even picking a 10-wicket match haul, India’s spinners never appeared to be threatening to run through the visitors’ batting order. Not only did New Zealand manage to rotate strike regularly but also took a full toll on the loose balls to take a firm grip on the game.

Published - October 25, 2024 03:29 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Test cricket / ICC Test Championship

Most Popular
Sri Lanka wins the toss, bowls in rain-affected 3rd ODI in New Zealand
India needs Bumrah the bowler more than Bumrah the captain
Will Rahul and Shami make it? Toss-up between Axar and Jadeja
Ind vs Aus 5th Test | Boland, Starc shine as India bowled out for 185
Sri Lanka beats New Zealand by 7 runs in the 3rd T20 but New Zealand wins series 2-1
IND vs AUS fifth Test: Series at its tipping point; a feverish climax is due on January 5
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
News 
Live news 
Latest cricket news 
India vs Australia Live , 2nd Test Day 2 
Syria war LIVE 
Delhi Chalo march 
Pushpa 2 review 
Bengaluru metro’s Pink Line to be opened by December 2025 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/india-vs-new-zealand-second-test-in-pune-day-2-on-october-25-2024/article68795411.ece 
 ----- 
