quickmenu
search
kcampus
celeb
Newsletter
Subscribe
Free Sample
korea joongAng daily
Sports
Football
Baseball
Volleyball
Basketball
Golf
Tennis
MMA
Olympic Sports
Esports
More

Thursday

November 16, 2023

 dictionary + A - A 
Korea crush Singapore 5-0 in World Cup qualifer as Europe stars shine
Published: 16 Nov. 2023, 22:59
Updated: 16 Nov. 2023, 23:57

Korea's Son Heung-min, left, and Cho Gue-song cheer after Cho scores the first point of the match against Singapore at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul on Friday. [JOONGANG ILBO]

 
Korea bested Singapore 5-0 in their first game of the World Cup Asian qualifiers on Thursday at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul after an electric second half quickly made the game’s slow beginning no more than a distant memory.
 
The win puts the Korean national team in the top half of Group C in the qualifiers' second round and marks its fourth straight win under Head Coach Jurgen Klinsmann, who is patching up his record after a disappointing start.
 

Related Article
Lee Kang-in puts on a show as Korea beat Tunisia 4-0
Son Heung-min rejoins Korea for big 6-0 win over Vietnam
 
Korea kept the pressure on Singapore early in the game, with goalkeeper Kim Seung-gyu on the home team’s side of the field hardly seeing any action. But the No. 155 Lions stood their ground against No. 24 Korea, denying the home team point after point even as they opened up numerous scoring opportunities.
 
It seemed as if every time Korea got the ball close to the net, a man in Lions’ blue would boot the ball back down the pitch, forcing the national team to restart their campaign. Korea got the ball in the net once during the first half, but referee Bijan Heidari of Iran declared an offside, which kept the board null-null.
 
The game was also one of slips and trips on the pitch. Seoul saw plenty of cold rain earlier Thursday with drops still falling just a couple hours before kickoff. One collision between Korea's Lee Kang-in and Singapore’s Muhammad Nazrul Nazari had the Paris Saint-Germain midfielder visibly limping throughout the rest of the first half.
 
But finally, in the game’s 44th minute, a quick goal by forward Cho Gue-song with a smooth assist by Lee Kang-in put Korea on the board to make the score a long-awaited 1-0.
 


Korea's Cho Gue-sung celebrates after scoring the opening goal during the second round of the Asian qualifier group C match for 2026 World Cup against Singapore at Seoul World Cup Stadium in western Seoul on Thursday. [AP/YONHAP]

 
Korea came close to another goal, keeping up the fight during three minutes of additional time, but Singapore’s goalkeeper Hassan Abdullah Sunny put a stop to back and forth headers by the home team.
 
It was in the second half that the Taeguk Warriors seemed to finally come alive.
 
In stark contrast to the previous 45 minutes, Korea got things off to a quick start. A header by Hwang Hee-chan in the 49th minute slid the home team into a 2-0 lead. Hwang, winger for the Premier League’s Wolverhampton Wolves, was later named man of the match, earning 3 million won ($2,300) along with the title.
 
But the scoreboard was hardly static. Another shot in the 63rd minute by captain Son Heung-min from the center of the pitch sent the ball smoothly into the net and the stadium into a roar. The Korean team were up 3-0 and playing with confidence.
 

Related Article
Son Heung-min — the face that inspired a thousand tattoos?
 
Klinsmann then made his first substitutions of the game, sliding in Hwang Ui-jo for Cho Gue-sung, Jeong Woo-yeong for Lee Jae-sung and Kim Jin-su for Lee Ki-je in minute 65.
 
The move proved timely as fresh-legged Hwang of Norwich City scored the team’s fourth goal of the game just three minutes later with a successful penalty.
 
Klinsmann made two more switches, substituting in Lee Soon-min for Hwang In-beom and Oh Hyeon-gyu for Hwang Hee-chan.
 


Korean national team Head Coach Jurgen Klinsmann cheers for the squad ahead of their match against Singapore on Thursday in western Seoul. [NEWS1]

 
After a brief period without any action, a swift left-footed goal by midfielder Lee Kang-in from the center of the pitch kicked up the score even higher for Korea. Fans in the sold-out stadium pulled out their flashlights as Korea pushed the ball back toward Singapore’s net where the 22-year-old PSG star shot in the fifth goal of the game, which would also be the last.
 
Thursday’s match against Singapore was a show of force for Klinsmann, who earlier said during a press conference the national team would not overlook any opponent on their road to qualifying for Korea’s 11th straight World Cup.
 
Despite low scoring to start, Korea’s strength showed on the pitch, outrunning the Lions when it came the away team’s turn to go on offense.
 
Klinsmann stacked his squad with players from Europe, whose clubs are on an international break. Fans heading into the stadium Thursday donned a colorful palette of European jerseys carrying national team names on their backs.
 

Related Article
Lee Kang-in outsells Mbappe on PSG's online store
 
Every point scored during Thursday's match was made by a player who switched their jersey this week from their club’s to their country’s: Midtjylland’s Cho Gue-sung, Wolves’ Hwang Hee-chan, Tottenham’s captain Son Heung-min, Norwich City’s Hwang Ui-joo and PSG’s Lee Kang-in.
 


Korea's Cho Gue-song, Son Heung-min, Lee Jae-sung and Lee Kang-in are back with the national team from their clubs in Europe during the international break for a second round Group C match against Singapore on Thursday in western Seoul. [NEWS1]

 
Korea next plays China in Shenzhen, China on Tuesday for their second Group C match of the second qualification round.
 


Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 100.00%
Remaining Time 
-0:25
Fullscreen
BY MARY YANG [mary.yang@joongang.co.kr]
    
 Korea Singapore football World Cup Cho Gue-song Son Heung-min Lee Kang-in Hwang Hee-chan Kim Min-jae Lee Jae-sung Taeguk Warriors
More in Football

 Sports Ministry refuses to back down on call for Korean football chief to be suspended

 Goalkeeper Song Bum-keun returns to Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

 K League sets single-season ticket sales record in 2024

 Kim Ji-soo makes second Premier League appearance in Brentford's loss to Arsenal

 Moon Seon-min joins FC Seoul from Jeonbuk Hyundai Motors

Related Stories

 Korean stars Cho Gue-sung, Kim Min-jae and Lee Kang-in prove potential in Qatar

 Korea 1-0 Iraq in tepid Asian Cup tune-up

 National team players return to their European teams after World Cup

 Lee Kang-in leads Korea to 1-0 win over China in loud World Cup qualifier at home

 Team practice

What’s Popular Now
1
‘He gave his best’: Photo of Jeju Air captain's final efforts before crash draws online condolences
2
'Squid Game' actor Park Sung-hoon apologizes for uploading lewd image on Instagram
3
Espionage in Guam: FBI accuses South Korean of financing North
4
Song Joong-ki halts promotions for film
5
Hyun Bin's 'Harbin' hits 3 million moviegoers in 9 days
6
Police disperse clashing protesters as Yoon's arrest draws near
7
Rare broadcast sparks speculation over Kim Yo-jong's children
8
Jeju Air disaster live: Police raid airport, aviation authority and Jeju Air headquarters
9
[WHY] Why did Yoon declare martial law? Korea's political YouTubers might be to blame.
10
Korea may face chip talent outflow on Trump expansion of H-1B
11
Travel ban slapped on Jeju Air CEO as police investigate deadly plane crash
12
Hermès, LVMH-owned luxury brands to raise prices despite economic woes
13
Families devastated as funerals begin for victims of Jeju Air disaster
14
Police raid multiple sites linked to Jeju Air disaster
15
KBS faces backlash after staff spotted nailing installations at World Heritage site
16
Shamanism and tattoos: Korean cultural elements in 'Squid Game' season 2 explained
17
Celebrities donate to support victims' families of Jeju Air tragedy
18
'Culinary Class Wars' Triple Star under fire after allegations from 'exes'
19
K-pop in 2025: The rookies and acts hyped to make a big splash next year
20
Netflix refutes research organization's profit predictions for 'Squid Game' season 2

Korea JoongAng Daily Sitemap 

National

Politics

Social Affairs

North Korea

Diplomacy

Defense

People

Environment

K-campus

Guest Reports

Business

Economy

Industry

Tech

Finance

In-depth

Guest Reports

Culture

Features

Arts & Design

Food & Travel

Life & Style

Books

Korean Heritage

Games & Webtoons

Entertainment

K-pop

Music & Performance

Movies

Television

Ticket

Sports

Football

Baseball

Volleyball

Basketball

Golf

Tennis

MMA

Olympic Sports

Esports

More

Opinion

Editorials

Columns

Meanwhile

Today's Fortune

Cartoons

Letters

Word on the Web

Think English

Current Issues

Bilingual News

Audio News

Readers' Opinion

Journalism Internship

About Company
Contact Us
Newsletter
Advertising
Work for us
FAQ
Notice
Ombudsman
Terms of Use
Copyright Policy
Privacy Policy
E-mail Address Privacy
Juvenile Protection Policy

All materials contained on this site are protected by Korean copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior consent of Joins.com | Tel: 1577-0510




JoongAng Daily Co., Ltd. | Address: 48-6 Sangamsan-ro, Mapo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea

Business registration number: 160-86-00572 | CEO & Publisher: Park Chang-hee | Executive Editor: Choi Ji-young

Mail order business report number: 2020-Seoul Mapo-3838 | Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아55177

Date of Registration: 2023. 11. 21 | Juvenile Protection Manager: Chun Young-sun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://koreajoongangdaily.joins.com/news/2023-11-16/sports/football/Korea-crush-Singapore-50-in-World-Cup-qualifer-as-Europe-stars-shine/1915107 
 ----- 
