HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

FIFA WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS

Philippines vs Indonesia: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
November 19, 2023 at 3:15 PM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 7:41 PM

Narayan Choudhary

0
0
Indonesia won the recent encounter between the two teams

After losing their opening match of the second round of World Cup qualifiers both teams are gearing up for an intense showdown in the Asia – World Cup Qualifiers. Indonesia and the Philippines are grouped alongside Iraq and Vietnam in Group F. Both squads are eager to clinch a decisive win. The Philippines aims to capitalise on its home turf for a triumphant three points, while Indonesia is determined to deliver a formidable performance away from home.

Anticipate a thrilling battle between the Philippines and Indonesia, featuring high stakes and fierce competition as World Cup Qualifying is at stake.

Kick-Off:

Tuesday, 21 November 2023 at ( 4:30 PM IST)

Location: Rizal Memorial Stadium, Manila.

Form :

Philippines (in all competitions): L-W-W-D-L

Indonesia (in all competitions): L-W-W-W-L

Player to Watch

Daeng Panas (Philippines)

He is a versatile player who can play either as a right-back or defensive midfielder. He is known for his athleticism, stamina, and passing ability. He is also a very good tackler and interceptor and is very good at reading the game. He has been a key player in their recent success.

Egy Maulana Vikri (Indonesia)

A midfield maestro who possesses the artistry to break defences through his precise passing and visionary playmaking. Moreover, he stands out as a set-piece player, adding an extra dimension to his impressive skill set.

Match Facts
Indonesia scored 15 goals in the last 5 games.
Philippines haven’t lost any of their last 2 away matches.
Indonesia won by 1 goal in their last encounter against Philippines.
Trending World Football Articles:
Top four players with most goals in 2023
Top six players with most assists in 2023
Best goals scored in football in 2023: Ranked
Top 10 best footballers of 2023: Ranked
Best football matches of 2023: Ranked
Injury and Team News

Shin Tae-yong’s side will be without several key players due to injury, including Egy Maulana Vikri, Witan Sulaeman, and Fachruddin Arianto.

On the other hand, the Philippines will also be without a number of key players due to injury, including John-Patrick Strauss, Stephan Schrock, and Amani Aguinaldo.

Head to Head

Matches: 7

Philippines: 1

Indonesia: 4

Draw: 2

Predicted Lineup
Philippines Predicted lineup:

Neil Etheridge, Kevin Ray Hansen, Patrick Deyto, Amani Aguinaldo, Daeng Panas, Jefferson Tabinas, Stephan Schrock, Michael Baldisimo, Patrick Reichelt, Kenshiro Daniel, John-Patrick Strauss

Indonesia Predicted lineup:

Dimitrievski; Manev, Musliu, Serafimov; Ashkovski, Ademi, Atanasov, Alioski; Bardhi, Elmas; Trajkovski

Match Prediction for Philippines vs Indonesia

We can expect another win for Indonesia based on the past results. Philippines however, will be hoping for an inspiring performance to keep their hope alive for the World Cup Qualifier.

Prediction: Philippines 0-1 Indonesia

Telecast

India – FIFA+

UK– FIFA+

US – FIFA+

Nigeria – FIFA+

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2023-11-world-football-philippines-vs-indonesia-predicted-lineup-injury-news-telecast 
 ----- 
