LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
T20 World Cup 2024
Afghanistan beats Bangladesh, enters T20 World Cup semifinal; Australia eliminated
Captain Rashid Khan and Naveen-ul-Haq took four wickets to take their team into the semifinals for the first time in a mega event

Updated - June 25, 2024 11:49 am IST

THE HINDU BUREAU
READ LATER
PRINT

Afghanistan’s Naveen-ul-Haq celebrates with this teammates the last Bangladeshi wicket during the ICC Twenty20 world Cup 2024 super 8 match, on June 24, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

Chasing a target of just 116 set by Afghanistan, Bangladesh batsmen except for Litton Das succumbed by the guiles of captain Rashid Khan and Naveen-ul-Haq in the ICC Twenty20 World Cup 2024 match in Kingstown on June 24. Afghanistan won the match by 8 runs under DLS method.

With this win against Bangladesh, Afghanistan marched into the semifinals thus eliminating Australia in the process. This is the first time that Afghanistan is entering into last four in a mega event.

 Afghanistan spinner Rashid Khan becomes player with most 4-wicket hauls in T20Is

Batting first, Afghanistan openers Rahmanuttlah Gurbaz (43) and Ibrahim Zadran (18) gave a sedate start to the side. Both the openers could not play their big shots and put on 59 runs in 10.4 overs. Bangladesh bowlers bowled brilliantly and restricted Afghanistan for 115 for 5. Rashid Khan 10 ball 19 took Afghanistan past 100 and a respectable total to defend on a tough pitch.

Bangladesh started their chase on a poor note by losing Tanzid Hasan (0), Najmul Hossain Shanto (5) and Shakib Al Hasan (0) in quick succession with the score reading at 23.

Litton Das (54 not out) played a lone hand with wickets falling around him. Litton played till the end but could not take his team past the total.

Rashid Khan (4 for 23) and Naveen-ul-Haq (4 for 26) strangled the middle and end overs and took Afghanistan into the semifinals.

Bangladesh batsmen have to blame themselves for the heartbreaking loss against Afghanistan.

Published - June 25, 2024 10:52 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20 World Cup / T20 World Cup 2024

Most Popular
Will Rohit drop himself before Sydney Test or wait for big call till end of series?
The Sheikh Hasina extradition demand, India’s options
Yemen death sentence for Kerala woman: India adopting a cautious route in conflict-hit Sanaa
BJP MLA apologises after Maharashtra women’s commission directs police to act on actor Prajakta Mali’s complaint
Row over dress code: Ban orders in Kodagu village
Uma Thomas, MLA, sustains serious injuries in fall at stadium in Kochi
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
News 
Live news coverage from The Hindu 
IND vs AUS Live Score, 2nd Test Day 1 
Parliament winter session LIVE Updates Day 10 
RBI Monetary Policy Committee 
Delhi Chalo march 
Pushpa 2 review 
Bengaluru metro’s Pink Line to be opened by December 2025 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
COOKIE PREFERENCES

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 
 
Your choices regarding cookies on this site

Please choose whether this site may use cookies or related technologies such as web beacons, pixel tags and flash objects (“Cookies”) as described below. You can learn more about how this site uses these technologies by reading our privacy policy.

Your choices on this site will be applied globally. This means that your settings will be applied, by default, to other sites of The Hindu Group. You can change your mind and revisit your preferences at any time by accessing the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of this site.

We and our partners (108)

We and our partners: (108) process personal data such as IP Address, Unique ID, browsing data for: Store and/or access information on a device | Personalised advertising, advertising measurement, and audience research | Content based on limited data and content measurement | Personalised content | Develop and improve services | Use precise geolocation data | Actively scan device characteristics for identification.

Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data; instead, they rely on their legitimate business interests. View our list of partners to see the purposes they believe they have a legitimate interest for and how you can object to it.

Manage
Cookie Settings
Accept All
and Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/icc-twenty20-world-cup-2024-match-super-8-match-between-afghanistan-and-bangladesh/article68330588.ece 
 ----- 
