SKIP NAVIGATION
MARKETS
BUSINESS
INVESTING
TECH
POLITICS
VIDEO
INVESTING CLUB
PRO
LIVESTREAM
Search quotes, news & videos
WATCHLIST
SIGN IN

INTERNATIONAL SPORTS
T20 World Cup: Afghanistan beat Bangladesh to reach semi-final and knock Australia out
PUBLISHED TUE, JUN 25 20242:53 AM EDT
WATCH LIVE
KEY POINTS
Afghanistan beat Bangladesh by eight runs on Duckworth-Lewis in rain-affected final Super 8s game.
Australia, defeated by India earlier on Monday, knocked out of T20 World Cup.
Afghanistan to play South Africa in first semi-final in Trinidad in early hours of Thursday morning.
Rashid Khan of Afghanistan acknowledges the fans after the team’s victory and to advance to the Semi Finals in the ICC Men’s T20 Cricket World Cup West Indies & USA 2024 Super Eight match between Afghanistan and Bangladesh at Arnos Vale Ground on June 24, 2024 in St Vincent, Saint Vincent and The Grenadines. 
Darrian Traynor-icc | Icc | Getty Images

Afghanistan reached a first ever World Cup semi-final courtesy of a dramatic eight-run victory over Bangladesh which in turn knocked Australia out of the T20 tournament.

Bangladesh came into the game with a chance to progress or send Australia through with a victory but - chasing a Duckworth-Lewis-Stern revised target of 114 in 19 overs as rain affected their innings - were bowled out for 105.

Captain Rashid Khan (4-23) and Naveen-ul-Haq (4-26) each took four wickets in the victory that secures Afghanistan a historic first World Cup semi-final against South Africa in Trinidad on Wednesday evening.

Afghanistan’s hopes were earlier dented when restricted to a modest 115-5 batting first, Rahmanullah Gurbaz top-scoring, but using up 55 deliveries to reach 43.

Rishad Hossain (3-26) ultimately dismissed the opener Afghanistan suffered a dramatic collapse from 84-1 to 93-5 in the space of 11 balls, before Rashid later blasted three sixes in his 10-ball 19.

Read more stories from Sky Sports
England to face Germany if they progress as group runners-up
Gallagher likely to replace Alexander-Arnold in only England change
Rate the players after Italy’s late show vs Croatia!

In the final over, the Afghanistan skipper was so desperate for late runs that he hurled his bat at his batting partner Karim Janat in fury when refused a second run.

Needing to chased down their target inside 12.1 overs in order to seal a semi-final spot themselves, Bangladesh came up well short in their rain-affected reply.

Litton Das struck an unbeaten 54 from 49, but wickets regularly tumbled at the other end, including two in two balls for Rashid in the 11th over that reduced the Tigers to 80-7.

Naveen then wrapped up the innings and the semi-final-clinching victory with his own double-strike with back-to-back deliveries in the penultimate over, prompting tearful celebrations from the Afghanistan players.

India, who beat Australia by 24 runs earlier on Monday in St Lucia to leave the qualification hopes of the 2021 champions hanging by a thread, will take on holders England in the second semi-final.

Subscribe to CNBC PRO
Subscribe to Investing Club
Licensing & Reprints
CNBC Councils
Supply Chain Values
CNBC on Peacock
Join the CNBC Panel
Digital Products
News Releases
Closed Captioning
Corrections
About CNBC
Internships
Site Map
Ad Choices
Careers
Help
Contact
News Tips

Got a confidential news tip? We want to hear from you.

GET IN TOUCH
CNBC Newsletters

Sign up for free newsletters and get more CNBC delivered to your inbox

SIGN UP NOW

Get this delivered to your inbox, and more info about our products and services.

Advertise With Us
PLEASE CONTACT US
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
CA Notice
Terms of Service

© 2025 CNBC LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
A Division of NBCUniversal

Data is a real-time snapshot *Data is delayed at least 15 minutes. Global Business and Financial News, Stock Quotes, and Market Data and Analysis.

Market Data Terms of Use and Disclaimers

Data also provided by

Due to the breadth of the advertising ecosystem, a variety of vendors may be used for different campaigns. While NBCUniversal lists all of our potential partners, a smaller selection may be used on any given website. We and our 822 partners collect information from your device, such as device identifiers, IP address, and your browser type to personalize and deliver content, marketing and advertising—across devices and platforms; for analytics and measurement, so we can improve our services and develop new ones; to match and combine offline data with your online activity; and for social features. We share this information with selected partners with your consent. By clicking “I Accept”, you consent to our use of these Cookies. Click Manage Choices to learn more about these. We will also use other Cookies that are essential for our site and Services, including for security and fraud prevention. To learn more about some of our partners select IAB and Google Vendors. You can adjust your preferences at any time via the “Cookie Preferences” link in the footer of relevant NBCUniversal websites or in-app settings. Visit our Cookie Notice and Privacy Policy to learn more.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
IAB and Google Vendors

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cnbc.com/2024/06/25/t20-world-cup-afghanistan-reach-world-cup-semis-and-knock-australia-out.html 
 ----- 
