Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
Afghanistan vs Bangladesh – T20 World Cup 2024: Team news, pitch, weather

Al Jazeera’s lowdown of the qualification scenario, weather forecast, head-to-head record and team news for the match.

Afghanistan's win over Australia was warmly celebrated by their supporters [File: Ramon Espinosa/AP]
By Al Jazeera Staff
Published On 24 Jun 2024
24 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Who: Afghanistan vs Bangladesh
What: ICC T20 World Cup Super Eights Group 1
When: Monday, June 24, 8:30pm local time (00:30 GMT, June 25)
Where: Arnos Vale Cricket Ground, Kingstown, Saint Vincent
How: Follow Al Jazeera’s live coverage

Afghanistan go in to their last Super Eights game knowing a big win over Bangladesh in Saint Vincent could send them through to their first ICC T20 World Cup semifinals.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
‘Go USA!’: How a winning home team could help convert Americans to cricket
list 2 of 4
Kohli, Babar, Archer: Who will be the top 10 players at the T20 World Cup?
list 3 of 4
Can Rohit Sharma’s ‘balanced and experienced’ India win the T20 World Cup?
list 4 of 4
Experience the key as Australia seek undisputed reign over world cricket
end of list

When Rashid Khan’s men step on the field on Monday night, they will know exactly what they need to do to achieve the historic feat as the India vs Australia game would have ended a few hours earlier.

Their coach Jonathan Trott believes the knowledge will come in handy in the crucial match.

“To know exactly what the scenario is and then what’s needed to win, that’s always a nice feeling,” he said after the win over Australia on Saturday night.

Afghanistan recorded an emotional 21-run win over Australia at the same venue two days ago, and they will be looking to repeat the result against a less fancied Bangladesh side, with a bigger margin.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Americas Coverage Newsletter
US politics, Canada’s multiculturalism, South America’s geopolitical rise—we bring you the stories that matter.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA

Advertisement

The men in blue have lost only two of their six matches in the tournament, while Bangladesh have lost three of their six across the group stage and Super Eights.

Afghanistan’s Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Fazalhaq Farooqi lead the tournament’s top run-scorers and wicket-takers’ charts, respectively.

Despite having their fate all but sealed after two losses in two Super Eight games, Bangladesh have vowed to take the fight to Afghanistan.

“In every single game of cricket that you play, you’re looking to compete and we absolutely will compete,” Bangladesh assistant coach Nic Pothas said after Saturday’s loss against India.

“We have had success against Afghanistan in the past so we are looking to finish the tournament on a high.”

How can Afghanistan qualify for the semifinals?

*Updated following India’s 24-run win over Australia

Following India’s win over Australia, Afghanistan simply need to beat Bangladesh to book a direct ticket to the semifinal.

Pitch condition and toss

The pitch at the Arnos Vale Cricket Ground has produced low-scoring thrillers by modern T20 scoring rates. Wickets have been evenly shared between pace and spin bowlers, depending on both teams’ strengths and weaknesses.

In the four matches played at this picturesque venue, all the captains winning the toss have sent the opposition in to bat. Interestingly, all toss-winning sides have ended up losing the match.

Weather forecast

The weather in Saint Vincent can have a role to play in the proceedings and is likely to disrupt the match. It is going to be a cloudy evening with some thunderstorms and scattered showers.

Advertisement

Eastward wind could affect the bowling and batting conditions as the stadium is located by the beautiful Caribbean coastline.

Head-to-head

It is a close head-to-head match-up between these two teams as Afghanistan have won six of the 11 T20 encounters and Bangladesh have won five.

Their last meeting in the format came in July 2023, when Bangladesh won a home T20 series 2-0, while their only T20 World Cup meeting came in March 2014, when Bangladesh cruised to a nine-wicket win in Mirpur.

Form guide

Afghanistan started the tournament brightly and full of confidence as they swept aside three of their four group-stage opponents.

Afghanistan: W L L W W
Bangladesh: L L W W W

Afghanistan team news

Afghanistan are expected to field the same side that brought them close to the semifinals.

Squad: Rashid Khan (captain), Rahmanullah Gurbaz, Ibrahim Zadran, Azmatullah Omarzai, Hazratullah Zazai, Najibullah Zadran, Mohammad Ishaq, Mohammad Nabi, Gulbadin Naib, Karim Janat, Nangyal Kharoti, Noor Ahmad, Naveen-ul-Haq, Fazalhaq Farooqi, Fareed Ahmad Malik.

Bangladesh team news

Bangladesh could give a chance to Soumya Sarkar in what is likely to be their last match of the tournament.

Squad: Najmul Hossain Shanto (captain), Taskin Ahmed, Litton Das, Soumya Sarkar, Tanzid Hasan Tamim, Shakib Al Hasan, Tawhid Hridoy, Mahmudullah Riyad, Jaker Ali Anik, Tanvir Islam, Shak Mahedi Hasan, Rishad Hossain, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Tanzim Hasan Sakib.

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2024/6/24/afghanistan-vs-bangladesh-t20-world-cup-2024-team-news-pitch-weather-rashid-fazal-h2h 
 ----- 
