Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Why are India wearing black armbands against Afghanistan in T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8 clash?
Divy Dubey
20-06-2024
•
3 min read
(Getty)
BET ON T20 WC 2024

FOR THE BEST ODDS AND OFFERS

ON ALL THE MATCHES

CLICK HERE TO MAKE YOUR BET

2024 T20 World Cup is into its business end, with the Super 8 matches starting on Wednesday. India are up against Afghanistan on Thursday in their first match of the Super 8 phase.

Rohit Sharma's men chose to bat at the Kensington Oval in Barbados against Afghansitan's spin-heavy attack.

Even as the excitement built for the clash, there was something interesting as India lined up for the national anthem ahead of the game.

The players were spotted wearing a black arm-band on one of the arms, sparking curiosity among the fans. So, why were India wearing black armbands? TSN has you covered.

BET NOW: Exclusive sign-up offers and bonuses when you bet on T20 World Cup action

Why were India wearing black armbands against Afghanistan?

The Indian players and support staff wore black armbands in memory of former fast bowler David Johnson. 

The Karnataka-born former bowler passed away in Bengaluru on Thursday. He fell from the balcony of his residence in Bengaluru, with reports suggesting suicide. 

David, 52 years old, represented India in 2 Tests in 1996. He also picked up 3 wickets for India. He was also a prominent figure in Karnataka cricket, playing over 39 first-class matches for the state.

READ MORE: Will Saurabh Netravalkar play in IPL 2025?

India's Super 8 schedule

India will play Australia, Afghanistan and Bangladesh in their Super 8 fixtures.

The top 2 from this group will progress to the semifinals. India will be hoping to reach the semifinals from a relatively easier group.

Stage	Match	Date	Venue
Super 8	India vs Afghanistan	20 June, 2024	Kensington Oval, Bridgetown
Super 8	India vs Bangladesh	22 June, 2024	Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, North Sound
Super 8	India vs Australia	24 June, 2024	Daren Sammy Cricket Ground, Gros Islet
CLICK HERE FOR EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BETTING OFFERS

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Divy Dubey

Divy Dubey is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/why-are-india-wearing-black-armbands-against-afghanistan-t20-world-cup-2024-super-8-clash/0ebe3e700f662fcf98ddddcf 
 ----- 
