Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Argentina
Springboks Greats Weigh Into Manie Libbok Debate As Jean De Villiers Reveals The ‘reality’ Of Fly-half’s Kicking Woes
Springboks greats weigh into Manie Libbok debate as Jean de Villiers reveals the ‘reality’ of fly-half’s kicking woes
Colin Newboult
26 Sep 2024 1:59 PM
27

Springboks fly-half Manie Libbok and South African greats Jean de Villiers and Schalk Burger.

Springboks great Jean de Villiers admits that there will always be a “risk” of selecting Manie Libbok while his goal-kicking continues to be a problem.

The 27-year-old is a wonderful attacking talent who has continually shone in the United Rugby Championship with the Stormers.

At Test level, however, the margins get smaller and Libbok’s errant kicking off the tee proved to be costly against Argentina last weekend.

He had a chance to win the game, as well as the Rugby Championship title, for South Africa, but he missed a penalty from in front of the posts as Los Pumas claimed a 29-28 triumph.

De Villiers insists that “no one regrets it and hates it more than Manie that he missed that kick”, but concedes that it will be taken into account by the Boks coaches when it comes to selection.

‘Manie the fly-half and Manie the kicker’

“That’s unfortunately the reality now with Manie. You almost need to differentiate between Manie as a fly-half and Manie as a kicker,” the former centre said on the Boks Office podcast.

“He’s a fantastic fly-half, he’s a fantastic attacking player. Defensively, he makes his tackles. He’s not a dominant tackler like a Handre Pollard or a Sacha Feinberg-Mngomezulu or a Damian Willemse, but he can do a proper job for you.

“Unfortunately for him, and that’s what he needs to realise, there is a risk by selecting him as a fly-half with the goal-kicking if you don’t have someone else backing up.

Ad

“For a fly-half, that is a tough thing, but is he a bad player? Certainly not.”

Felipe Contepomi: ‘Brilliant’ Manie Libbok ‘fits perfectly’ into ‘predictable’ Springboks’ plans

South Africa head coach Rassie Erasmus has backed Libbok for Saturday’s encounter, naming him in the starting line-up for the title decider.

In the reverse fixture in Santiago del Estero, the talented playmaker was selected on the bench and replaced Handre Pollard in the second period.

Ad

However, De Villiers’ fellow Springboks legend, Schalk Burger, believes that Erasmus would have done things differently if they were playing a key Rugby World Cup match.

“If this was a World Cup play-off, my gut feeling is that Handre would have moved to 12 when Manie came on. Handre would have stayed on the field for exactly that reason; to kick the winning goal,” Burger said.

Despite the disappointment of seeing the team go down to Argentina, a defeat which resulted in South Africa dropping to second in the world rankings, the ex-flanker is not too concerned.

Burger argues that it is all about the 2027 World Cup in Australia and that this loss could actually proved more beneficial to the Springboks and Libbok.

Development

“It’s part of this Boks team’s evolution. You’ve got to expose players, you’ve got to lose Test matches to be able to know it’s not happening in 2027 in a World Cup play-off match,” he said.

“The players have got to make those mistakes before that. Luckily it happens three years before the next World Cup, so you’ve got a chance to improve your skill set – if you’re Manie Libbok, to prove them wrong.

Who should kick for the Springboks this weekend?
Manie Libbok
Jaden Hendrikse
Cheslin Kolbe

“You say: ‘Listen, let’s get back to the drawing board, let’s remodel our mental approach, let’s remodel some technical issues I’ve got in my kicking game’, because clearly there is probably a bit of both.

“He’s a great attacking player and Rassie rates him for it. You’ve got an opportunity to learn from those mistakes.

“Certain players last weekend might not have had the physical output that they wanted to, but Rassie will tell them to go and play URC and come back a better player.

“That’s how this Bok team [works], hence why we’ve got 30 of the best international players at our disposal.”

READ MORE: Eben Etzebeth: The career timeline of the Springboks lock from rookie enforcer to all-time great

Argentina
Jean de Villiers
Manie Libbok
Schalk Burger
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Jared Wright
28 Dec 2024
Stormers v Sharks: Five takeaways as Manie Libbok’s brilliance ‘papers over’ shortcomings while Springboks’ injuries rack up

Our five takeaways from the Stormers' 24-20 victory over the Sharks.

Dylan Coetzee
21 Dec 2024
Stormers v Lions: Five takeaways as ‘industrious’ Springboks show their class for hosts and why Manie Libbok can’t be considered world-class

Our takeaways from the Stormers' 29-10 win over the Lions in the URC.

Dylan Coetzee
20 Dec 2024
Stormers: Deon Fourie headlines FIVE returning Springboks as Cape side opts for electric dual playmaking axis ahead of Lions showdown

Deon Fourie is finally back from injury as the Stormers load up on Springboks.

David Skippers
13 Dec 2024
‘I think I’m seeing dead people’ – Ex-Springboks warn Bulls’ opponents about ‘life-changing’ Pretoria conditions

Schalk Burger, Jean de Villiers and Hanyani Shimange expect Northampton Saints to battle with the weather conditions when they face the Bulls in Saturday's Champions Cup clash in Pretoria.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
2 hours ago
5
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
4 hours ago
2
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
4 hours ago
3
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
6 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
6 hours ago
23
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
4 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/springboks-greats-weigh-into-manie-libbok-debate-as-jean-de-villiers-reveals-the-reality-of-fly-halfs-kicking-woes 
 ----- 
