Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Morocco vs Gabon Prediction and Betting Tips | September 6th 2024
Morocco vs Gabon Prediction and Betting Tips | September 6th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Sep 05, 2024 16:02 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Morocco and Gabon square off in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Friday

Morocco and Gabon get going in the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers when they lock horns at the Stade Adrar on Friday. While Walid Regragui’s men are guaranteed a spot as the hosts of the tournament, they will also battle the Central African Republic and Lesotho in Group B of the qualifiers.

Morocco maintained their 100% record in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers as they thrashed Congo 6-0 at the Stade Adrar on June 11.

Regragui’s side have picked up three wins from their three matches in Group E of the World Cup qualifiers as they aim to replicate their ground-breaking fourth-placed finish in Qatar two years ago.

Morocco head into Thursday’s group opener unbeaten in their last four matches, claiming three wins and one draw since January’s 1-0 loss against South Africa in the round of 16 of the 2023 AFCON.

Trending

Gabon, on the other hand, moved into second place in Group F of the World Cup qualifiers on June 11 when they picked up a pulsating 3-2 victory over Gambia.

Before that, Thierry Mouyouma’s side were on a three-game winless run, suffering defeats against Senegal and Ivory Coast on either side of a 1-1 draw with Congo on March 25.

Having missed out on the 2023 AFCON, Gabon will look to begin their quest for a place in Morocco on the front foot and make it two wins from two for the first time since last November.

Morocco vs Gabon Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
With nine wins from the last 19 meetings between the sides, Morocco boast a superior record in the history of this fixture.
Gabon have picked up six wins in that time, while the spoils have been shared on four occasions.
Morocco are unbeaten in eight of their last nine games against Mouyouma’s men, picking up four wins and four draws since March 2009.
Gabon have won all but one of their last four competitive matches, with a 1-0 defeat against Ivory Coast on June 7 being the exception.
Morocco have lost just one of their last eight competitive matches while picking up six wins and one draw since September 2024.
Morocco vs Gabon Prediction

While Gabon will look to pick up where they left off against Gambia, they face the stern challenge of taking on a significantly superior Morocco side.

The Atlas Lions have called up a strong squad for September’s qualifiers and we are tipping them to secure all three points on home soil.

Prediction: Morocco 3-1 Gabon

Morocco vs Gabon Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Morocco to win

Tip 2: First to score - Morocco (The hosts have opened the scoring in six of their last eight matches)

Tip 3: Over 4.5 cards - No (There have also been fewer than five bookings in six of Morocco’s last seven games)

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Morocco Football
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/morocco-vs-gabon-prediction-betting-tips-september-6th-2024 
 ----- 
