Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Manchester United
Ten Hag Slammed For 'talking A Load Of Rubbish' About Star Man Utd Sold On Deadline Day
Manchester United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.manutd.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Ten Hag slammed for ‘talking a load of rubbish’ about star Man Utd sold on deadline day
Samuel Bannister
31 Aug 2024 8:13 AM

Man Utd manager Erik ten Hag

Erik ten Hag has faced criticism for his comments about a player Manchester United sold on deadline day, with one former Premier League player claiming his actions spoke louder than his words.

It was a busy deadline day for Man Utd as Manuel Ugarte’s arrival at the club from Paris Saint-Germain was confirmed, as was the addition of young midfielder Sekou Kone from Guidars FC in Mali.

On the outgoing front, Scott McTominay‘s move to Napoli became official, while a deal was agreed for Jadon Sancho to spend the season on loan at Chelsea.

Ten Hag famously fell out with Sancho around a year ago, but they made up this summer and the manager claimed on deadline day that he expected the winger to stay.

However, Chelsea are just waiting to announce Sancho’s switch to Stamford Bridge, which was signed off in time before the 11pm deadline.

This time, though, it is not Ten Hag’s treatment of Sancho which is under scrutiny, but rather what he has said about McTominay.

The Man Utd academy graduate left the club he developed at after 255 senior appearances to be welcomed heroically at Napoli, who also strengthened their midfield with Scotland teammate Billy Gilmour.

Ad

DON’T MISS – Ranking every player Man Utd have signed on transfer deadline day after Manuel Ugarte confirmation

At a press conference on Friday, Ten Hag said: “I am very happy for him, but it is mixed because I wouldn’t prefer to lose him.

“He is Manchester United in everything, he was so important for Manchester United.

“He was here for over 22 years but unfortunately it is the rules.

“Homegrown players bring more value and that is not the right thing to do but for everyone, for all parts, it is a good deal.

“Scott is happy with it, and Napoli and us.”

Ten Hag accused of treating Man Utd leaver unfairly

However, cutting through Ten Hag’s comments, former Manchester City, Tottenham and Leeds midfielder Michael Brown has claimed the manager should have selected McTominay more if he was really that bothered about him.

“I think Erik ten Hag was talking a load of rubbish when he said he was disappointed at Scott McTominay’s departure,” Brown said on BBC Radio 5 Live.

“McTominay has given everything to Manchester United and whenever there has been a chance to leave him out, Ten Hag has.

Ad

“He keeps getting treated like the homegrown player rather than the player he is. The manager has not treated him right.

“I get certain other players have to play at times – but McTominay has not been treated right.”

McTominay made his senior debut for Man Utd during the 2016-17 season and played more than 35 times in each of the past five seasons in a row.

However, the arrival of Ugarte as a new midfield partner for Kobbie Mainoo has indicated how Man Utd have wanted to move in a different direction.

McTominay faced scrutiny earlier in his Man Utd career when he partnered Fred in a midfield combination that never seemed to work, despite each player having individual qualities.

Ironically, there is an argument to say last season was the best of McTominay’s time at Man Utd, since he scored a career-high 10 goals and became an FA Cup winner.

However, it is now that Man Utd have chosen to cash in on the 27-year-old, who will be playing abroad for the first time of his career under the management of Antonio Conte.

Despite his criticism of McTominay’s treatment, Brown believes Man Utd have improved their midfield – potentially – with Ugarte’s arrival.

“The midfield has been an area for some time that Manchester United have been lacking, but only time will tell if the business they have done will prove to be an upgrade,” he added.

“We have seen a bit of imbalance in that area, particularly with not having a number nine at the top of the pitch, using a false nine, it is a bit more solid but from there on they need more legs.

Content continues below

Ad

“Manuel Ugarte coming in alongside Kobbie Mainoo will add that balance but there is some work to do for them to get right back to the top.”

READ MORE: The 10 biggest deadline day signings in Premier League history: Man Utd flop top for summer transfers

Ad
Question 1
In what month was Ten Hag announced as Man Utd manager?
use 
hint
April 2022
May 2022
June 2022
July 2022

Manchester United
Scott McTominay
Erik ten Hag
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Rob McCarthy
24 Dec 2024
Man Utd legend becomes latest former star to hammer Sir Jim Ratcliffe over monumental transfer mistake

United bosses have been roundly criticised for selling a top star over the summer and now another club legend has come out and blasted Sir Jim Ratcliffe and his team

Manchester United
Jaap Stam
Rob McCarthy
12 Dec 2024
Conte still pushing hard for second Man Utd transfer as McTominay continues to wow at Napoli

Napoli dropped on a real bargain when they landed Scott McTominay from United over the summer but Antonio Conte remains keen on another Old Trafford swoop, despite reports a deal is unlikely

Manchester United
Napoli
James Holland
08 Dec 2024
Dan Ashworth ‘frozen out’ at Man Utd after Ten Hag blunder as two Prem rivals consider approaches

More light has been shed on Dan Ashworth's shock Man Utd exit, with sacked manager Erik ten Hag involved

Manchester United
Dan Ashworth
Steve Pearson
08 Dec 2024
Gary Neville slams Amorim for repeating Ten Hag mistake after Man Utd become a ‘mess’

Gary Neville and former Man Utd goalkeeper Tim Howard both criticised Ruben Amorim for repeating a mistake made by Erik ten Hag in his final days at Old Trafford

Manchester United
Ruben Amorim
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
21 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
5 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
22 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
4 hours ago
1
Manchester United
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
8 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/ten-hag-slammed-talking-rubbish-star-man-utd-sold-deadline-day 
 ----- 
