Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
International
Siya Kolisi Pinpoints The Crucial Factor In The Springboks Win Over The All Blacks
Siya Kolisi pinpoints the crucial factor in the Springboks win over the All Blacks
Louis Chapman Coombe
31 Aug 2024 10:55 PM
2

Siya Kolisi celebrating a victory over the Wallabies in the Rugby Championship

Springboks captain Siya Kolisi has said the ‘cool heads’ of fellow leaders Eben Etzebeth and Pieter-Steph du Toit helped his side clinch a comeback win over arch-rivals New Zealand. 

Kolisi’s side were behind by 10 points heading into the final 15 minutes, but a late onslaught of 14 unanswered points at the end helped South Africa maintain their perfect start to the Rugby Championship.

“We never panic”

Speaking to the media after the game, Kolisi was quick to praise the composure of his side in the final exchanges.

“Whenever we are behind, we never panic,” he said. “We have been in far worse positions before and have come back.”

“When they scored first in the second-half (Jordie Barrett’s intercept try) we came together and we said ‘cool, amazing, they’ve scored an intercept try, let’s go to the next set.’ Nobody panicked.”

Springboks leave it late to down All Blacks in epic Ellis Park showdown

After a tight first-half, the All Blacks raced into a 27-17 lead thanks to scores from Barrett and Caleb Clarke, but the impact of the infamous ‘bomb squad’ swung the game back towards the Springboks, and tries from Kwagga Smith and Grant Williams secured a bonus point win at Ellis Park.

“We have so many cool heads”

Kolisi is the figurehead leader of this Springboks side, but he is also blessed to have seasoned internationals like Eben Etzebeth and Pieter-Steph du Toit alongside him; and he was quick to praise his fellow forwards for keeping the team calm in those tense final minutes.

“We have so many cool heads and leaders; if I’m not talking, Eben’s talking or if it’s not him it’s Pieter-Steph or even the young guys with just a couple of caps.”

“They’re given the license by the coach to speak because rugby knowledge isn’t measured by the number of caps you have – if you see something, say it. And that’s the great thing about this team today: we never panicked.”

Title aspirations?

The win at Ellis Park was the Springboks third in the Rugby Championship, and they sit eight points clear of the All Blacks at the top of the table.

Ad

Springboks player ratings: Bomb Squad saves Bok blushes including a Kwagga Smith blinder and a hero is born in victory over All Blacks

There is still a long way to go if they hope to lift their first title since 2019, and they still have to play New Zealand again next weekend too, but head coach Rassie Erasmus detailed how he would ‘love’ to win it this year.

Ad

“Winning the Rugby Championship is very important, and I would definitely love to win it, but we will definitely move players around next week and hopefully they make it, but we won’t get ahead of ourselves.”

Despite having title aspirations, Erasmus is fully focused on securing a win over the All Blacks next weekend first before thinking about that.

Ad
Who will win the Test in Cape Town?
Springboks
All Blacks

“Everything didn’t go right today, and we’ll have a look at why we didn’t get out of our half at stages and why we didn’t capitalise on chances a few times. Our focus is only on next week.”

If the Springboks do claim a victory next weekend in Cape Town, they would also claim their first Freedom Cup since 2009.

READ NEXT: Springboks v All Blacks: Five takeaways as ‘brilliant’ Bomb Squad a game changer for Boks as prodigy holds his own in Ellis Park ‘thriller’

International
Rassie Erasmus
Siya Kolisi
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Jared Wright
3 hours ago
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list

Owen Farrell features in the same list that Siya Kolisi did during his first season in the Top 14.

David Skippers
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’

Planet Rugby has selected five possible debutants for the Springboks in 2025.

Colin Newboult
01 Jan 2025
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic

France eclipsed the Springboks in one particular area in 2024.

Dylan Coetzee
30 Dec 2024
Who’s hot and who’s not: Rassie Erasmus’ nation-building continues and humiliating losses for three Premiership clubs

Check who's hot and not following the week's on and off-field action.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
38 minutes ago
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
2 hours ago
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
2 hours ago
1
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
3 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
4 hours ago
8
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
1 hour ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/siya-kolisi-pinpoints-the-crucial-factor-in-the-springboks-win-over-the-all-blacks 
 ----- 
