Get access to our best features
Get Started
Enable Notifications
Browser Extension
LightDark Auto
Sunday, January 12, 2025
Set Location
US Edition
Home
For You
Local
Blindspot
Subscribe
Login
Israel-Hamas Conflict
Wildfires
Basketball
US Politics
Donald Trump
Hockey
Wrestling
NFL
California Politics
Gavin Newsom
Evacuations
Swimming
Winter Storm
Published 14 days ago • Boston, United States • Updated 13 days ago
Celtics injury report features 2 starters for Raptors game
Summary by Mass Live
The Celtics are not only trying to get back on track, but they’re also looking to get fully healthy heading into 2025. Kristaps Porzingis (left ankle sprain) and Jrue Holiday (right shoulder impingement) continue to be listed on the injury report after sitting the past few games.
7 Articles
All
Left
1
Center
Right
1
Mass Live
Lean Left
Factuality
Ownership
Celtics injury report features 2 starters for Raptors game

The Celtics are not only trying to get back on track, but they’re also looking to get fully healthy heading into 2025. Kristaps Porzingis (left ankle sprain) and Jrue Holiday (right shoulder impingement) continue to be listed on the injury report after sitting the past few games.

13 days ago
·
Springfield, United States
Read Full Article
Boston Herald
Lean Right
Factuality
Ownership
Celtics’ Kristaps Porzingis misses second straight game with ankle injury

An ankle injury sidelined Kristaps Porzingis for the second consecutive game Sunday. The Celtics ruled out the starting center for their matchup with the Indiana Pacers at TD Garden. Porzingis also missed Friday’s 142-105 win over the Pacers after spraining his left ankle in Boston’s Christmas Day loss to Philadelphia. Porzingis sat out the first 17 games following offseason surgery to repair the rare lower leg injury he suffered during the NBA …

14 days ago
·
Boston, United States
Read Full Article
Last Word on Sports
Factuality
Ownership
Boston Celtics Stars Receive Promising Injury Updates

For the past few games, the Boston Celtics have been without Kristaps Porzingis and Jrue Holiday due to an ankle and shoulder injury, respectively. Given Porzingis’ injury history and Holiday’s age, there are reasons to be concerned for the Celtics. However, it seems that everything is okay in Boston. According to CLNS’ Bobby Manning, the injuries to Porzingis and Holiday “aren’t considered serious.” Additionally, per Manning, head coach Joe Maz…

13 days ago
Read Full Article
Archy Worldys
Factuality
Ownership
Porzingis scores 20 points in the Celtics' loss to Bulls/ - Archyworldys

The “ The post Porzingis scores 20 points in the Celtics’ loss to Bulls/ appeared first on Archyworldys.

13 days ago
Read Full Article
Hoops Hype
Factuality
Ownership
Kristaps Porzingis, Jrue Holiday injuries not serious

Mazzulla said before the game that Holiday and Porzingis are getting better every day, but wouldn’t provide specific details on their timetable or the seriousness of their shoulder and ankle ailments, respectively. Holiday missed his third straight game and sixth overall. Porzingis, ruled out earlier in the afternoon than most players labeled questionable are, sat out a second straight night following his sprain on Christmas. I’m told their inju…

13 days ago
Read Full Article
BVM Sports US
Factuality
Ownership
Multiple proposed Celtics trades would have team move on from injury prone superstar center

Boston Celtics superstar center Kristaps Porzingis will be missing another game tonight, his 21st of the year. His inability to be available has some fans considering moving on from the big man. Here are some trades that would have the C’s say goodbye to Porzingis. Brooklyn Nets get: Kristaps Porzingis Boston Celtics get: Nic Claxton This center-for-center trade could be a win-win for both sides. The Celtics get a center who has played double th…

14 days ago
Read Full Article
More articles
Bias Distribution
50% of the sources lean Left, 50% of the sources lean Right
L 50%
R 50%
Factuality

To view factuality data please Upgrade to Premium

Ownership

To view ownership data please Upgrade to Vantage

Knup Sports broke the news in 14 days ago on Sunday, December 29, 2024.
Sources are mostly out of United States (2)
Similar News Topics
Kristaps Porzingis
Toronto Raptors
Kilmarnock Celtic
NBA Finals
Boston, Massachusetts
Show All

You have read 1 out of your 5 free daily articles.

×

Join us as a member to unlock exclusive access to diverse content. Stay informed with comprehensive global news coverage all in one place. Subscribe now to compare different perspectives, identify biases, and stay ahead of algorithms

Subscribe
US
Company
About
History
Mission
Blog
Testimonials
Group Subscriptions
Subscribe
Gift
Free Trial
Careers
Affiliates
Help
Help Center
FAQ
Contact Us
For Educators/Libraries
Media Bias Ratings
Ownership and Factuality Ratings
Referral Code
News Sources
Topics
Tools
App
Browser Extension
Daily Newsletter
Blindspot Report Newsletter
Burst Your Bubble Newsletter
Timelines
Donate
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Terms and Conditions
© 2025 Snapwise Inc
Cookie policy
Unlike other news sites, we do not share or sell your data to third-parties for targeted ads. In fact, the Ground News application and website do not run any ads at all. Our application and website use cookies and similar technologies to personalize content we deliver to you and also allows us to improve your usage of our platform through analytics. These cookies help us provide the best experience possible. Learn more about cookies and preference selection here.

By continuing to use our application or website, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
Accept CookiesManage cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ground.news/article/kristaps-porzingis-out-for-celtics-due-to-ankle-soreness_4045d2 
 ----- 
