Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / Sport / Football / All Whites
All Whites v USA result, international friendly
NZ Herald
11 Sep, 2024 01:09 AM
3 mins to read
Save
Share

Ben Waine of New Zealand celebrates his goal with Ben Old. Photo / Photosport

Recap of the international friendly between the All Whites and USA in Cincinnati.

- Ben Waine scored a late equaliser to secure New Zealand’s second-ever draw over USA.

- USA opened the scoring through AC Milan’s Christian Pulisic

- Fourth game in a row without victory for USA

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

All Whites captain Chris Wood has issued an ultimatum to his side – it’s time to stand up and be counted.

Ahead of the match with the world No 16 United States on Wednesday (11am NZT), an unusually frank Wood admitted that the team “didn’t turn up” in Sunday’s 3-0 defeat to 17th-ranked Mexico, in a flat display where they struggled to get much going against their highly rated opponents.

It was disappointing – given the rare opportunity to face a top-20 nation, the work that goes into securing such a fixture, the unique chance to play at the Rosebowl and the positive individual trajectories of several players in the current squad – and Wood wasn’t holding back.

Across his tenure as skipper Wood has generally been diplomatic, showing patience and understanding, given the youthful group. But he couldn’t mask his frustration with Sunday’s performance, where the All Whites were a distinct second-best.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Notwithstanding the difference in class, the inability to find their usual zip or verve in possession, along with a lack of defensive solidity, was a step down from recent efforts.

“In international games, you have to turn up first, before you earn the right to play,” said Wood. “Unfortunately we didn’t turn up the way we should have, for whatever reason. We have spoken about what we can do to change it but we need to first apply ourselves right.

“We weren’t at the level that we hold ourselves to and it is right we take the brunt of it and try to go again and become better. There is no shying away from it; we were 5 or 10% off and Mexico punished us. We need to make sure we do what we can right and better than the other day or else we’ll get steamrolled again.”

Wood wasn’t shirking from self analysis, admitting he didn’t perform to the levels which have seen him become a consistent scorer in the English Premier League and accumulate a record 34 goals for his country.

Discover more
All Whites
‘We didn’t turn up’: All Whites captain issues ultimatum ahead of USA
10 Sep 06:00 AM
All Whites
All Whites no match for classy Mexico
08 Sep 02:58 AM
Auckland FC
Auckland FC, Wellington Phoenix rivalry heats up in All Whites camp
05 Sep 01:00 AM
Auckland FC
Exclusive: Auckland FC sign All Whites defender
02 Sep 09:30 PM

“I didn’t turn up to the full capability of what I can show,” admitted Wood. “You look out there, I was not a Premier League striker that day. So I need to improve myself first and foremost and the other lads will just follow the way that I put myself forward. We all need to raise our game.”

The All Whites have had some decent challenges in the last 12 months – Australia, Greece, Ireland, Egypt and Tunisia – but facing two nations ranked inside the top 20 in the space of four days, in front of partisan crowds, is the biggest yet.

“We know we can compete against these sides [but] we didn’t show it [on Sunday],” said Wood. “We’ve shown it against top-40 teams but the top 20 is a step up. This is one of the most talented groups we have had in a long time but we need to start showing it.

“We are competing against big teams but we are not getting the results. But we can. We need to show the world and the public what we are capable of and what we believe in ourselves to be able to do.”




Recommended for you
Refresh for more
Black Caps
Black Caps complete epic fightback to stun Sri Lanka
Sport
Order restored - Auckland FC bounce back with emphatic win
New Zealand
Police investigating 'assault' after nurse allegedly stabbed during house call
World
US$1.22b Mega Millions jackpot won in California
Latest from All Whites
PREMIUM
Editorial: How Chris Wood became one of our greatest sporting exports
22 Nov 04:53 PM

OPINION: The boy from Hamilton has become a top-flight goalscoring machine.

'Robin Wood': A Nottingham Forest fan on how they learned to love Kiwi ace
19 Nov 10:00 PM
How the All Whites will reset for 2026 World Cup, after big win over Samoa
19 Nov 03:00 AM
Wood nets hat-trick as All Whites blitz Samoa in Fifa World Cup qualifying
18 Nov 08:32 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2024 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/football/all-whites/all-whites-v-usa-live-updates-international-friendly/EVY3AFIE6FHXLEQR374RCAWSBQ/ 
 ----- 
