Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / New Zealand
Tauranga welcomes thousands to AIMS Games
By Rosalie Liddle Crawford
Reporter·SunLive·
9 Sep, 2024 04:10 AM
6 mins to read
Save

Sign in to save for later


Share

A great welcome to thousands of NZ intermediate students at the Zespri AIMS Games 2024 Opening Ceremony on Sunday.

The 19th Zespri Aims Games School Sporting Championships kicked off in thunderous and spectacular fashion on Sunday as thousands of young athletes from across New Zealand and the Pacific Islands gathered in Tauranga for the highly anticipated annual event.

The Aims Games, an intermediate-aged multisport event for 10–13-year-olds, has become one of the largest youth sporting competitions in the Southern Hemisphere, this year running from September 7-13.

The tournament is so large that the hosts held two opening ceremonies at Mercury Baypark Arena; both are vibrant celebrations of youth sports, culture, and community spirit.

The 2024 Zespri AIMS Games Opening Ceremony on Sunday September 8, 2024. Photo: Alex Cairns.

Compère Will Johnston didn’t need to pump up the two crowds on Sunday, as the euphoric joy and wild enthusiasm of hundreds of exhilarated young athletes overflowed the auditorium.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

He quickly had the audience screaming with excitement though, doing the mana wave to welcome new people to the stage.

MC Will Johnston at the 2024 Zespri AIMS Games Opening Ceremony on Sunday. Photo: Alex Cairns.

The two ceremonies, at 3pm and 7pm, began with a powerful pōwhiri from Tauranga Intermediate’s kapa haka group. Athletes, coaches, and supporters were treated to a stirring haka, celebrating unity and the competitive spirit. This was followed by the crowd standing to jointly sing the NZ National Anthem.

Prime Minister Chris Luxon addressed the audience at the first ceremony.

“There’s something that our Olympians and Paralympians, and you here at the Aims Games today, all have in common – you’re all providing a fantastic example to the rest of New Zealand about how good it is to be physically active through sport,” says Luxon.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Prime Minister Chris Luxon at the 2024 Zespri AIMS Games Opening Ceremony on Sunday September 8, 2024. Photo: Zach Quin.

“Lots of studies have shown that taking part in physical activity is an effective way to prevent and treat mental health challenges like anxiety and depression, and to increase happiness,” said Luxon.

“And I know everyone here will be heading to secondary school in the next year or two, so here’s another fact for you: there’s strong evidence that staying involved in sport once you get to secondary school can result in improved NCEA results as well.”

A flag bearer from Pukekohe Intermediate School on stage during the Opening Ceremony of the 2024 Zespri AIMS Games on Sunday September 8, 2024. Photo: Zach Quin.

Tauranga Mayor and Olympic and world champion rower Mahé Drysdale welcomed the athletes to Tauranga, inviting them during their stay to take a walk around Mauao’s base track or climb to the summit to see the whole city.

“We host triathlons, international cricket matches and the Zespri Aims Games. It’s always a thrill to see our sports fields and facilities come alive during the Aims Games,” said Drysdale.

“If you give your best and have fun you’ll want to come back for more. There could be future Olympians here. With a dream hard work and perseverance anything is possible. Have fun, enjoy our beautiful city, and go hard.”

Being an Olympic year, this year schools were encouraged to show off their artistic flare and bring a flag to the opening ceremony. Each school selected two students as their flag bearer, with Johnston calling out the school’s name as they crossed the stage.

AIMS Games Trust chair Henk Popping addressing the audience at the 2024 Zespri AIMS Games Opening Ceremony on Sunday. Photo: Brian Jarreau.

Aims Games Trust chair Henk Popping received more applause from the crowd than any of the sports legends that came on stage during the 75-minute ceremony. As co-creator of the Zespri Aims Games, which has now been running for 21 years, it was clear that the tournament is regarded as the penultimate sporting event for emerging adolescents in New Zealand.

“For many of you this will be the only time you’ll compete in such a massive sports tournament,” said Popping.

“We started in 2004 with 760 competitors representing 17 schools and four sporting codes - football, netball, hockey and cross country.

“That first tournament was co-hosted by the four local intermediates: Tauranga, Otūmoetai, Mount Maunganui and Te Puke, and they are still the hosts today along with Tauranga City Council and Sports BOP.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Two students lead the audience in singing the NZ National Anthem at the 2024 Zespri AIMS Games Opening Ceremony on Sunday September 8, 2024. Photo: Zach Quin.

Popping said 21 years later, the games has around 13,000 athletes in 2024.

“The Paris Olympics had 10,700 so we’re bigger than the Olympic Games. You’ve travelled from all corners of New Zealand and from the Pacific.

“Each of the 27 sports being offered in 2024 are being hosted in superb facilities where you will have the opportunity to reach your full potential.

“We are delighted to have the support of Zespri, Tauranga City Council, TECT, NZCT and Tourism Bay of Plenty, and all our other sponsors and delivery partners.”

He also thanked the parents, teachers, and volunteers before delivering a final encouragement to the athletes.

“Get out there, do your best, have fun while competing against people the same age.”

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Exuberant students from Mount Maunganui Intermediate at the 2024 Zespri AIMS Games Opening Ceremony on Sunday, September 8 2024. Photo: Alex Cairns.

At a reception event held prior to the opening ceremony, Minister of Education Erica Stanford addressed event sponsors. She mentioned how her son, who was going to be competing in hockey at the games, unfortunately broke his arm two weeks ago, after months of training and building excitement.

“It’s phenomenal to see how many children are here competing,” said Stanford. “I want our kids to be achieving in English, maths and science, but none of that is possible unless they are engaged.

“We have a disease in this country around trying to get kids to come to school. But this – being part of a team and being able to come to tournaments like this – this is what engages kids and gets them to come to school.

“Building confidence, a sense of belonging, and teamwork is a huge part of engagement. Kiwi sportsmanship is born in places like this and it’s on me to ensure I encourage that in our curriculum.”

The Kapa Haka group from Tauranga Intermediate performed at the Zespri AIMS Games 2024 Opening Ceremony on Sunday, September 8 2024. Photo: Alex Cairns.

Two students from Te Puke and Mount Intermediate recited the game’s Oath of Fair Play in Māori and English.

NZ sporting legends interviewed across the two ceremonies included former Aims Games athlete and Olympic speed climber Julian David, Black Ferns Sevens players and gold medallists Michaela Blyde, Shiray Kaka and Sarah Hirini, Black Sticks striker and two-time Olympian Sam Lane, and Ultraman world champion Simon Cochrane.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

They were asked about highlights of their sports journeys, their mental preparation, their favourite part of their chosen sport and what was the most important thing for Aims Games athletes in the week ahead.

Black Sticks striker and two-time Olympian Sam Lane, Olympic speed climber Julian David, Ultraman world champion Simon Cochrane, Black Ferns Sevens players and gold medalists Shiray Kaka, Michaela Blyde, and Sarah Hirini. Photo: Zach Quin.

David, who competed in the Aims Games as a Tauranga Intermediate School student got into the sport of speed climbing after once falling out of a tree and being redirected to try a climbing wall.

“Have fun,” he said. He received a huge cheer when he told the crowd his favourite food was sushi, and an even larger cheer when he said the Aims Games was more fun than the Olympics.

“Enjoy the heck out of this week,” said Hirini. “Whenever you leave your court go and thank your supporters as most of them have given up their time.”

The 2024 Aims Games will continue until September 14, with events spread across venues in Tauranga.

Students enjoying the Zespri AIMS Games 2024 Opening Ceremony on Sunday, September 8 2024. Photo: Alex Cairns.
The Kapa Haka group from Tauranga Intermediate performed at the Zespri AIMS Games 2024 Opening Ceremony on Sunday, September 8 2024. Photo: Alex Cairns.
2024 Zespri AIMS Games school distribution map. Image: Supplied.




ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

- SunLive

Recommended for you
Refresh for more
Black Caps
Black Caps complete epic fightback to stun Sri Lanka
Sport
Order restored - Auckland FC bounce back with emphatic win
New Zealand
Police investigating 'assault' after nurse allegedly stabbed during house call
World
US$1.22b Mega Millions jackpot won in California
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from New Zealand
Police investigating 'assault' after nurse allegedly stabbed during house call
28 Dec 08:44 AM

'The victim was taken to Rotorua Hospital for treatment for their injuries.'

Seventh person dies on NZ roads in five days after fatal Northland crash
28 Dec 07:53 AM
Lotto Powerball struck: One lucky punter ends 2024 $4.3 million richer
28 Dec 07:32 AM
Mixed weather to welcome new year as North basks in sun, South faces rain
28 Dec 06:00 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2024 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/tauranga-welcomes-thousands-to-aims-games/KDYTFCRN3JHKPCRVRNX4U7MH6U/ 
 ----- 
