Sections
Show Search
ANGELS
After final quality start in 2023, Griffin Canning’s 2024 looks even brighter
Angels pitcher Griffin Canning pitched six innings, giving up two runs on five hits, against the Texas Rangers on Wednesday at Angel Stadium. (Jae C. Hong / Associated Press)
By Sarah Valenzuela
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 27, 2023 9:26 PM PT
Share

Griffin Canning delivered a final quality start in his last appearance of the season in the Angels’ 5-0 loss to the Texas Rangers at Angel Stadium on Wednesday. Amid another bad season in Angels history, Canning’s strong finish was a source of pride for the right-hander, who missed all of last season recovering from an injury.

“I need to reflect and take some time,” Canning said after the game. “But I’m really proud of myself for, [after] not pitching for a year and a half and to come back and throw 127 innings, I think that’s something I can be really proud of for myself.

“Really thankful for the people I had behind me this whole time and helped me get back to this point.”

Canning finished with a 4.32 earned-run average and 7-7 record in 24 starts. In evaluating Canning’s season, manager Phil Nevin said he was pleased with the pitcher for how deep he was able to pitch into games and feels Canning is a fixture in the rotation.

“The record, he had a lot of [no] decisions, I know we don’t talk a lot about that, but that means he’s pitching deep into games,” Nevin said. “I’m really proud.”

Canning pitched six innings, giving up two runs on five hits and striking out five. He needed to retire one more batter to get out of the sixth inning, having thrown 109 pitches, walking a batter with his last one.

ANGELS

What Reid Detmers’ final start of the Angels’ season meant to him
Sept. 26, 2023

Nevin went out to Canning, seemingly to pull him. The PA system even started playing the entrance song for reliever Andrew Wantz, who started making his way down the stairs from the bullpen toward the field.

“I hit the top step and I saw where his pitches were and thought that was enough,” Nevin said. “He saw me get up and I saw his face. I got out there and I knew he wanted it.

“I said, ‘All right, you got one more hitter, you’ve had a heck of a year, finish it strong,’” Nevin recalled.

When Nevin left back to the dugout, Canning remained. Wantz did not realize Canning was staying in and started his trot to the mound, turning around when rookie catcher Logan O’Hoppe waved him to go back.

Canning was determined to get all he could out of his last start, needing just two pitches to help retire his final batter, Mitch Garver, who grounded out to end the inning.

“I’m glad he let me stay in for that last hitter,” Canning said.

More to Read
Angels’ season ends with shutout loss to the Rangers
Sept. 29, 2024
Angels can’t hold off Rangers rally, record 98th loss of season
Sept. 28, 2024
Reid Detmers strikes out 12, gives up three homers in Angels’ loss to Rangers
Sept. 27, 2024
ANGELS
Sarah Valenzuela
X

Sarah Valenzuela is the former Angels beat writer for the Los Angeles Times. She previously worked at the New York Daily News, where she covered the New York Liberty and contributed to coverage of the New York Mets and New York Yankees. Before that, the Queens native was a freelancer with bylines in Thrillist and Self Magazine, worked as a production assistant with SNY-TV and MLB.com and briefly was a general assignment reporter for the Bronx Times. Valenzuela graduated from Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Public Communications.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-27/angels-vs-texas-rangers-recap-mlb 
 ----- 
