Sections
Show Search
ANGELS
Angels pitcher Chase Silseth solid in his return from a concussion
Angels starting pitcher Chase Silseth delivers during the first inning of a 5-1 win over the Oakland Athletics at Angel Stadium on Friday night. (Ryan Sun / Associated Press)
By Sarah Valenzuela
Staff Writer
Follow
Sept. 29, 2023 Updated 10:14 PM PT
Share

Angels starting pitcher Chase Silseth returned from the injured list and put in a solid start in a 5-1 victory over the Oakland Athletics at Angel Stadium on Friday night.

“It felt really good to be back out there and just to compete again,” Silseth said after the game.

Silseth sustained a concussion and was hospitalized after he was hit in the back of the head on a throw across the diamond Aug. 26 against the New York Mets.

Silseth said the concussion was the first injury he had experienced since high school.

ANGELS

After final quality start in 2023, Griffin Canning’s 2024 looks even brighter
Sept. 27, 2023

“Especially, the first time ever with a head injury, I didn’t know what to think,” Silseth said. “It was like after the first week, I, again, started to feel good and started doing some activity.

“And it was just frustrating because I felt good internally and physically and the head [issues] would sometimes come back. And it would just piss me off and frustrate me.”

On Friday, he was limited to 61 pitches over four innings. He gave up an earned run on two hits, walked three in the first inning and struck out three.

David Fletcher drove in the Angels’ first run on a single in the fourth before Nolan Schanuel pushed the Angels ahead on a two-run single in the next at-bat. Mickey Moniak hit a two-run home run in the fifth, his 14th of the season and his first career homer off a left-handed pitcher. Davis Daniel relieved Silseth and went the rest of the way, securing his first major league win.

Drafted in 2021, Silseth was one of the young Angels players fast-tracked to the majors, making his debut in May 2022. He improved this season despite moving between the rotation and bullpen. In the middle of the season, Silseth emerged as one of the Angels’ strongest starters.

Silseth said improved conditioning was key to his midseason boost in form.

ANGELS

Hernández: Mike Trout wants to stay with the Angels. That’s why they need to move him
Sept. 26, 2023

“That was the main thing coming into this season,” Silseth said. “When I came up mid July and through August, it was great. I was going in, holding six, seven innings, holding velocity and it felt good. And that’s where I want to be at for a whole season.”

As for where Silseth projects as a pitcher, Angels manager Phil Nevin said he sees him as a starter. He also acknowledged Silseth’s professional growth.

“I think he’s understood what it takes to have his body in shape to pitch deep into games,” Nevin said. “I think he’s got a chance to be a very good pitcher in this league.”

More to Read
Eric Wagaman’s three hits not enough for Angels in loss to Astros
Sept. 20, 2024
Eric Wagaman homers again as Angels end six-game losing streak
Sept. 17, 2024
Angels fall to Tigers as losing streak extends to six
Aug. 27, 2024
ANGELS
Sarah Valenzuela
X

Sarah Valenzuela is the former Angels beat writer for the Los Angeles Times. She previously worked at the New York Daily News, where she covered the New York Liberty and contributed to coverage of the New York Mets and New York Yankees. Before that, the Queens native was a freelancer with bylines in Thrillist and Self Magazine, worked as a production assistant with SNY-TV and MLB.com and briefly was a general assignment reporter for the Bronx Times. Valenzuela graduated from Syracuse University’s Newhouse School of Public Communications.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2023-09-29/chase-silseth-angels-win-oakland-athletics 
 ----- 
