Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
VIDEO RECAP: Indiana Pacers fall to Memphis Grizzlies after poor first quarter
The Pacers are 1-2 in preseason action
Tony East | Oct 15, 2024
Oct 14, 2024; Indianapolis, Indiana, USA; Indiana Pacers forward Jarace Walker (5) rebounds the ball while Memphis Grizzlies guard Desmond Bane (22) defends in the first quarter at Gainbridge Fieldhouse. Mandatory Credit: Trevor Ruszkowski-Imagn Images / Trevor Ruszkowski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Indiana Pacers
Memphis Grizzlies

INDIANAPOLIS — The Indiana Pacers dropped their preseason game on Monday night to the Memphis Grizzlies in large part thanks to a poor first quarter.

Across the final 36 minutes of action, the Pacers outscored the Grizzlies 99-89. They moved the ball effectively and defended fine enough. It wasn't pretty, but for the final three quarters Indiana played well enough to win.

In the opening period, however, they were dreadful. They were outscored 31-17 and looked disconnected on both ends. On defense, they had no force as Memphis got good looks on seemingly every possession. On offense, they were slow and didn't move the ball. They settled for the first shot often.

"The first quarter was very poor," Pacers head coach Rick Carlisle said. "The guys that started the game pretty much eased into the game."

That frame sunk the Pacers, who fell to 1-2 in preseason play. This was their largest defeat so far, though it only came by four points.

A terrific fourth quarter allowed Pacers forward Jarace Walker to end the night with a solid stat line — he had 15 points on 6/11 shooting while adding six rebounds and four assists. He, like the team, started slow but picked things up late.

Cole Swider, James Wiseman, Quenton Jackson, Ben Sheppard, Andrew Nembhard, Bennedict Mathurin, and Myles Turner all reached double figures in scoring, though all were between 10 and 12 points. Turner did all of his work in the first half and was great in the second quarter.

Indiana was without Tyrese Halibirton, Johnny Furphy, T.J. McConnell, Pascal Siakam, and Aaron Nesmith for the action, which hurt them significantly on both ends. A full recap of the game can be found in video format below.

The Pacers conclude preseason play on Thursday at home against the Charlotte Hornets.

T.J. McConnell is still creating a chip on his shoulder after a contract extension with the Indiana Pacers. CLICK HERE.
Bennedict Mathurin impressed in preseason action after offseason focus on shooting, fit, and quick decisions. CLICK HERE.
With family in the crowd, Indiana Pacers rookie Enrique Freeman has a special game in Cleveland. CLICK HERE.
The major moments and plays from Indiana Pacers preseason loss to Memphis Grizzlies. CLICK HERE.
Follow Pacers On SI on Facebook: All Pacers SI
Follow Pacers On SI on Twitter: @SIPacers
Published Oct 14, 2024|Modified Oct 15, 2024
TONY EAST

Tony East is the Publisher of AllPacers. He has previously written for Forbes Sports, the West Indianapolis Community News, WTHR, and more while hosting the Locked On Pacers podcast.

Follow TonyREast

Home
/
Schedule
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pacers/schedule/video-recap-indiana-pacers-fall-memphis-grizzlies-poor-first-quarter 
 ----- 
