Skip to main content
Breakaway homepage
Saturday, January 11, 2025

FILED UNDER:

BREAKAWAY
 
WNBA
 
WNBA NEWS
Caitlin Clark and Kelsey Mitchell courtside for Pacers game is full-circle moment for WNBA

The Indiana Fever guards stole the show as they sat courtside for a Pacers preseason game — a relatively mundane moment that highlighted the skyrocketing momentum for women’s basketball.

By Noa Dalzell  Oct 15, 2024, 9:41am EDT  1 Comment / 1 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
Trevor Ruszkowski-Imagn Images
Noa Dalzell is a senior writer covering the WNBA and all of women's basketball for Breakaway, SB Nation's women's sports vertical, as well as the Celtics for CelticsBlog.
This story is part of a group of stories called

Over the past few years, it’s become customary for NBA players to show up to WNBA games in support, sitting courtside and receiving a massive ovation when they’re shown on the in-arena Jumbotron. During the New York Liberty’s 2023 Finals run, then-Brooklyn Nets star Mikal Bridges was a sideline staple, while Kevin Durant immediately embraced the Phoenix Mercury after his trade to the Phoenix Suns last season.

Having famous NBA stars courtside — like Lebron James at the 2023 Finals — has served as a sort of litmus test for the league’s popularity, evidence that the people society revere most think women’s basketball is cool.

But, on Monday night, roles were reversed. Indiana Fever stars Caitlin Clark and Kelsey Mitchell sat along the baseline of an Indiana Pacers preseason game, and it was them who received a rousing ovation from the fans at Gainbridge Fieldhouse when the camera panned over to the high-scoring duo.

Clark, a recent winner of the WNBA’s Rookie of the Year award, and Mitchell, a two-time All-Star, led the Fever to a playoff berth this past season, and emerged as the two leading guard scorers after the Olympic break. They formed a formidable backcourt that captured the hearts of

In her first season as a professional, Caitlin Clark brought tons of new fans and viewers to the WNBA — the Fever had the biggest attendance year in league history, averaging 17,036 fans per game at home. In contrast, the Pacers had the second-lowest attendance in the NBA last season, averaging 16,526 fans per game.

That’s not a knock on the Pacers; under the emergence of Tyrese Haliburton, the Pacers had a very successful season and made it to the Conference Finals as a No. 6 seed. But, the fact that the Fever actually had more spectators in attendance than the Pacers is a testament to Caitlin Clark’s profound impact on the basketball landscape, and a newfound and growing enthusiasm for women’s basketball.

It’s a small moment, but Clark and Mitchell sitting courtside — and commanding so much attention while doing so — is representative of a broader shift we’ve seen these past few years, where women’s basketball has evolved from a side show to the main attraction. And, it’s pretty cool to see.

NEXT UP IN WNBA
New Connecticut Sun coaching hire continues WNBA trend
Angel Reese’s praise for Unrivaled couldn’t be more resounding
New York Liberty guard sheds light on free agency: “I want to be valued”
Get to know Teresa Weatherspoon, Phil Handy, and the other 4 Unrivaled coaches
New Unrivaled partnership prioritizes both the player and fan experience
Unrivaled’s list of world-renowned athlete investors is stunning
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the SB Nation Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of all your sports news from SB Nation
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
Breakaway Masthead
Community Guidelines
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sbnation.com/wnba/2024/10/15/24270703/caitlin-clark-kelsey-mitchell-courtside-indiana-pacers-fever-wnba-womens-basketball 
 ----- 
