MLB
New York Yankees
Yankees' Aaron Boone explains Anthony Rizzo's late ALCS Game 1 exit vs. Guardians

Yankees manager Aaron Boone admitted Anthony Rizzo is busted up.

By 

Chris Dodson

Oct 15, 2024 at 8:11 AM ET

The New York Yankees got some good news regarding Anthony Rizzo going into an ALCS clash with the Cleveland Guardians. Manager Aaron Boone would have the three-time All-Star slugger's bat available despite suffering some broken fingers down the regular season stretch run.

Boone was unusually upbeat when discussing how Rizzo's hand reacted to some ALCS action.

“Yeah, (Rizzo's) hand was good. I thought he was sharp, which was really good to see,” Boone bragged. “So yeah, the hand was good. He just kind of physically and emotionally spent there late in the game. I kind of felt like I needed to get him out there and make sure we are managing this properly with him as we through this. I mean, he really hasn’t been on the field in over two weeks.”

Yankees Videos
@snyyankees
·
Follow

Aaron Boone says Anthony Rizzo is "good", but felt he was "physically and emotionally spent" late in the game, which led to him being replaced by Oswaldo Cabrera

"I felt like I needed to get him out of there and want to make sure I'm managing this properly with him"

Watch on Twitter
3:03 AM · Oct 15, 2024
247
Reply
Copy link
Read 6 replies
Expand Tweet

As for the plan moving forward? Rizzo finished the season with a slash-line of .228/.301/.335 in just 92 games after all. The 35-year-old ended with career lows of eight home runs and 35 runs batted in. Boone sounds undeterred and Rizzo said there is no pain.

“(Rizzo) came through with the hand and we expect him to be in there tomorrow,” Boone stated. “I thought he had some really good at-bats.”

Yankees in ALCS driver's seat vs. Guardians
Related New York Yankees News
Article continues below
Yankees’ top 3 bargain bin free agent targets
3d
MLB rumors: The $18 million trade Yankees are trying to make
3d
MLB rumors: Yankees’ Luis Arraez trade pursuit doused in cold water by insider
4d
Aaron Boone fully endorses DJ LeMahieu despite Gavin Lux, Luis Arraez trade links
4d
Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images

The Yankees took a 1-0 series lead over the Guardians thanks to timely hitting and tough starting pitching. Boone's versions of the Bronx Bombers got six solid innings from Carlos Rodon, who gave up only three hits and one run while striking out nine.

Gleyber Torres, Juan Soto, Aaron Judge, and Giancarlo Stanton provided enough fireworks from the plate in the 5-2 win to send the fans home happy. Gerrit Cole will take the hill in Game 2 versus Clevanland's Tanner Bibee.

One Hall of Famer figures the Yankees will make easy work of the Guardians to get back to the MLB World Series. Alex Rodriguez went ahead and said out loud what Derek Jeter was trying to just ignore. Jinxes are real after all.

“You don't have to say it, I'll say it,” A-Rod proclaimed. [The Yankees] have an easy road to the World Series.”

Chris Dodson is a beat reporter for ClutchPoints covering the Memphis Grizzlies. With previous bylines at Forbes and Sports Illustrated, Chris is also an expert on the New Orleans Pelicans, the NBA-at large and the NFL.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
23 hours ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Blue Jays enter Yoan Moncada sweepstakes amid Alex Bregman wait
2 days ago
MLB rumors: Angels, Blue Jays, Tigers listed as Anthony Santander suitors
2 days ago
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
19 hours ago
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
5 days ago
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 weeks ago
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki makes clear request to interested teams amid offseason sweepstakes
1 week ago
Braves, Angels agree to pitching trade
2 weeks ago
Ranking the dirtiest players in MLB history
5 days ago
MLB rumors: The key reason why Anthony Santander remains unsigned
3 weeks ago
Shohei Ohtani’s wife Mamiko Tanaka
1 week ago
Aaron Boone
Anthony Rizzo
MLB Playoffs
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/yankees-aaron-boone-explains-anthony-rizzo-late-alcs-game-1-exit-guardians 
 ----- 
