Match Ticker
Premier League
Other Competitions
Opta Football Stats
Opta Football Predictions
Newsletter
American Football
More
NBA
NCAA
EURO 2024
Spain 3-0 Croatia Stats: Records Tumble as Spain Sacrifice Possession for Attacking Progression
JUN 15, 2024
MATT FURNISS / AUTHOR
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Share

Spain got off to an excellent start at Euro 2024 as they brushed Croatia aside in Berlin. We look back at the game with our Spain vs Croatia stats page.

Spain got their Euro 2024 campaign off to the perfect start as they convincingly defeated Croatia 3-0 in Berlin. With Group B arguably the toughest on paper, the Spanish will be delighted to collect all three points before meetings with reigning champions Italy and Albania, while Croatia will now be even more nervous about their chances of progression to the knockout stages.

Álvaro Morata opened the scoring just before the half hour mark, scoring his seventh European Championship goal. That tally is below only Cristiano Ronaldo (14) and Michel Platini (9) in the history of the competition.

Morata has been a dependable source of goals in a Spanish shirt – only David Villa (59), Raúl (44) and Fernando Torres (38) have more than him (36) – but doesn’t often enter the conversation surrounding Europe’s top strikers, unlike his compatriots before him. More goals in this tournament may force more consideration on the matter.

After assisting Morata for the first, Fabián Ruiz slammed home Spain’s second goal from outside the box three minutes later. It was 3-0 before half-time following a fantastic inswinging cross from the right by Lamine Yamal converted by Dani Carvajal. Spain had scored three first-half goals in a European Championship finals game for the first time ever; Croatia looked shell-shocked.

The exciting Yamal set a new European Championship record on his tournament debut for Spain. Barcelona’s teenager became the youngest player to play at the Euro finals, at just 16 years and 338 days old. He wasn’t even a year old when Torres sealed the Euro 2008 title for the Spanish. His assist for Carvajal obviously saw him become the youngest to set up a European Championship goal for Spain, while the recipient of the cross became the oldest to score for the Spanish in the competition (32 years, 156 days). Two generations combining to full effect.

Luka Modric had 16 caps for Croatia when Yamal was born. It was at Euro 2008 that Modric made his European Championship debut, and 16 years later he became the fourth oldest to play in the competition, at 38 years and 280 days old. He’s likely to move further down that ranking with some older stars set to play at part at Euro 2024, but this appearance meant he was the oldest to play in the finals since Lothar Matthäus in 2000.

Despite a host of experience in the centre of the Croatian midfield – 375 international caps, to be exact – Modric, Mateo Kovacic and Marcelo Brozovic had no answer to Spain’s fresher legs in the middle.

Bruno Petkovic had a chance to grab a late consolation for Croatia, but saw his penalty saved by Unai Simón before his rebound goal was disallowed due to encroachment during his spot-kick.

Enforced substitutions to both Morata and Rodri due to injury were the only negative moments for Spain in this game, but neither looked in enough trouble to fear about them missing long spells of the tournament.

Spain started the 2022 World Cup in sensational fashion, defeating Costa Rica 7-0 in Qatar and many got very excited, tipping them to go all the way. In the end, they only made it to the last 16, losing to Morocco on penalties.

The Spanish completed 926 passes and had 77% possession against the Moroccans that day but could only muster one shot on target in 120 minutes. Today, Croatia had more possession (53.4%), ending Spain’s run of having more possession than their opponents in all 136 competitive matches since the Euro 2008 final versus Germany (46%), but with a 3-0 win, the Spanish won’t care.

Two years on, Luis de la Fuente’s side look a lot more streetwise than the 2022 team, but only time will tell if they can make it all the way and secure a record fourth European Championship title.

Our Opta match centre delivers you all the Spain vs Croatia stats from their Euro 2024 Group B clash at the Olympiastadion in Berlin.

The match centre below includes team and player stats, expected goals data, passing networks, an Opta chalkboard and more. It gives you everything you need to do your own post-match analysis.

Underneath the match centre you can find the official Opta stats on the game as well. 

Spain vs Croatia: Post-Match Facts
This is just the second time Spain have started a European Championship tournament with a victory by three or more goals, following their 4-1 win against Russia on MD1 at Euro 2008.
Croatia suffered their joint-heaviest ever defeat at a major international tournament (Euros/World Cup), following 3-0 losses against Portugal at Euro 1996 and Argentina at the 2022 FIFA World Cup.
Álvaro Morata (10 goals) became Spain’s outright second highest goalscorer at major international tournaments (Euros/World Cup combined), behind only David Villa (13). Indeed, in European Championship history, only Cristiano Ronaldo (14) and Michel Platini (9) have netted more goals than Morata (7).
Spain scored 3+ goals in the first half of a European Championship match for the very first time. Indeed, there have been four instances of a side leading by 3+ goals at half-time in the competition (all time), with two of those instances coming in the three games played at Euro 2024 so far (Germany vs Scotland yesterday and Spain vs Croatia today).
Excluding shootouts, Croatia have failed to convert three of their last five penalty attempts at major international tournaments (Euros/World Cup), while Unai Simón became the first Spanish goalkeeper to save a penalty at a major international tournament since Iker Casillas against Paraguay at the 2010 FIFA World Cup.
Dani Carvajal (32y 156d) became Spain’s oldest ever goalscorer at the European Championships, a record previously held by César Azpilicueta (31y 304d also versus Croatia at Euro 2020).
The last two instances of a Spain player both scoring and assisting in a single European Championship match have come against Croatia (Ferran Torres in the round of 16 at EURO 2020 and Fabián Ruiz today).
At 16 years and 338 days, Spain’s Lamine Yamal became the youngest ever player to appear in a game at the UEFA European Championship finals.
Croatia’s Luka Modric became only the third European player to appear in as many as nine separate editions of major international tournaments (World Cup/Euros), after Lothar Matthäus (9) and Cristiano Ronaldo (10, before Euro 2024).

Enjoy this? Subscribe to our football newsletter to receive exclusive weekly content. You should also follow our social accounts over on X, Instagram, TikTok and Facebook.

RELATED ARTICLES
EURO 2024
Eight Euro 2024 Stars Who Might Have Earned a Summer Transfer
5 MONTHS AGO ALI TWEEDALE
EURO 2024
Potter, Howe, Carsley… Klopp? Who Should Be the Next England Manager?
5 MONTHS AGO DAVID SEGAR
EURO 2024
Gareth Southgate Brought England Eight Years of Hope, but It’s Time for Change
5 MONTHS AGO RYAN BENSON
STAT, VIZ, QUIZ
Euro 2024: Spain the Champions, England’s xG Problem, and Final Questions
6 MONTHS AGO DAVID SEGAR
Subscribe

Sign up and be the first to receive exclusive stats, news, and updates from Opta Analyst.

Country*
Select A Country
Canada
United States of America
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia (Plurinational State of)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (U.S.)
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cabo Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Congo (Democratic Republic of the)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands (Malvinas)
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao People's Democratic Republic
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia (the former Yugoslav Republic of)
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia (Federated States of)
Moldova (Republic of)
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
Korea (Democratic People's Republic of)
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestine, State of
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of Kosovo
Réunion
Romania
Rwanda
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten (Dutch part)
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
Korea (Republic of)
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suricontent
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania, United Republic of
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
United States of America
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela (Bolivarian Republic of)
Viet Nam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
I agree to receive emails from Opta Analyst.
See our Privacy Policy for more details.
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Do Not Sell My Information
Advertising
Cookie Policy
© 2024 Opta Analyst. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://theanalyst.com/2024/06/spain-vs-croatia-stats-euro-2024-live 
 ----- 
