Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
Preview: Utah Jazz Begin Back-to-Back with Matchup Against Phoenix Suns 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
January 10, 202512:52 PM MST

The Utah Jazz are hitting the road again, though this time it will just be a quick trip.

Following another narrow loss Thursday night to the Miami Heat, Utah will look to bounce back in the third meeting of the season against the Phoenix Suns. A 97-92 loss to Miami was headlined by both teams struggling to hit shots and take care of the ball, but the back-and-forth battle was another indication of Utah’s improved play in recent weeks.

In fact, since Dec. 26, the Jazz own a positive net rating (+1.3 points per 100 possessions), good for 13th in the league. Utah’s defense has jumped up to 11th in the league during that stretch, while the offense has continued to hover around league average, a trend that began at the beginning of December.

Now the Jazz will look to secure their first win of the season over the Suns.

Phoenix (17-19) has struggled this season, going 3-7 in its last 10 games, which prompted a lineup change that shifted Bradley Beal and Jusuf Nurkić to the bench. Many of the Suns’ struggles stem from the defensive end, where they rank 24th in defensive rating on the season.

Phoenix won the first two meetings between the two teams at Delta Center.

Injury report:

Jazz:

QUESTIONABLE - Johnny Juzang (right hand soreness), Brice Sensabaugh (illness)

OUT - Jordan Clarkson (left plantar fasciitis), John Collins (left hip injury management), Keyonte George (left heel inflammation), Taylor Hendricks (right fibula fracture)

Suns:

DOUBTFUL - Royce O'Neale (left ankle sprain)

OUT - Jalen Bridges (G League Two-Way), Collin Gillespie (G League Two-Way), TyTy Washington Jr. (G League Two-Way)

Here are three keys to Saturday’s matchup.

The battle beyond the arc 

The Dec. 13 meeting between these two teams featured one of the best shooting displays of the season.

Both teams connected on 22 3-pointers and shot at least 48 percent from downtown, led by Utah’s 56.4 percent. It was a worthy encore to the first meeting of the season back on Nov. 12, a game in which both squads shot at least 39 percent from deep.

On the season, both the Suns and Jazz incorporate a healthy dose of triples in their offenses, with at least 40 percent of their attempts coming from beyond the arc. Whichever team can catch fire Saturday afternoon will have a key edge in the matchup.

Limiting mistakes 

The first two meetings against the Suns have been competitive efforts for the Jazz, with Phoenix’s defense proving to be a good matchup for Utah’s offense.

A key reason the Jazz have been able to battle against Phoenix has been the Suns’ struggles to generate turnovers on the defensive end. Phoenix ranks 27th in the league in opponent turnover percentage, which should be music to Utah’s ears as they continue to work on improving the league’s highest turnover percentage.

Utah turned it over 28 times across the first two games of the season, with the average of 14 per game representing a significant improvement over their season-long average of 18.3 turnovers per game.

Against a potent Suns offense that ranks near the top 10 of the league, avoiding mistakes that give Phoenix easier scoring opportunities will be key Saturday. 

Sizing up the second units 

Both teams have undergone significant changes in their rotations as of late, albeit for different reasons.

As mentioned earlier, Suns head coach Mike Budenholzer decided to make changes to the starting lineup, replacing Beal and Nurkić with rookie Ryan Dunn and veteran big man Mason Plumlee. 

Meanwhile, Utah has had to deal with its fair share of injuries and absences in recent games, prompting more playing time for rookies Cody Williams, Isaiah Collier, and Kyle Filipowski, in addition to more opportunities for veterans like Patty Mills.

Slowing down Beal on the second unit will be key for the Jazz Saturday, as the three-time All-Star has averaged 20 points and four assists per game (on a 65.6 true shooting percentage) in his three games off the bench. 

On the season, Utah has gotten 37.3 points per game off the bench, while Phoenix ranks 24th at 31.8 bench points per game.

Saturday’s game tips off at 3 p.m. MT (Jazz+). 

Tags
Cody Williams
Isaiah Collier
Kyle Filipowski
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
Preview: Utah Jazz Begin Back-to-Back with Matchup Against Phoenix Suns 
Patty Mills Continues to Bring Energy and Insight for the Utah Jazz
Utah Jazz Film Study: Finding the Big Man, Switching Defense, and More 
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/preview-utah-jazz-begin-back-to-back-with-matchup-against-phoenix-suns 
 ----- 
