Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ravens roll, Steelers future murky
Texans dominate Chargers
Does Deion want this NFL job?
Duke's Flagg sets ACC record
Auburn All-American injured
Nothing attractive but the result for the Heat in 97-92 victory in Utah
Ira Winderman, South Florida Sun-Sentinel
Fri, Jan 10, 2025, 9:10 AM PST·5 min read

SALT LAKE CITY – As the Miami Heat broke their huddle in the locker room following Tuesday night’s victory over the Golden State Warriors, the chant was, “Breakthrough on three!”

The hope, after an excruciating double-overtime loss the night before against the Sacramento Kings, was of better days ahead amid a largely middling season,

In that regard, even with their ragged play and needed late heroics, enough again broke right for the Heat in Thursday night’s 97-92 victory over the Utah Jazz at Delta Center.

“It was definitely a sign of mentality stability and some improvement in that department,” coach Erik Spoelstra said. “That game was pretty ugly for us offensively.”

Avenging a 36-point loss to the Jazz five nights earlier at Kaseya Center, the Heat escaped against a team with only two home wins this season.

“Even though we were missing shots, we were still able to get stops,” center Bam Adebayo said, with the Heat improving to 11-0 when holding opponents under 100.

Tyler Herro led the Heat with 23 points, with the Heat also getting 20 points, seven rebounds and seven assists from Jaime Jaquez Jr., who converted a key late 3-pointer, and 15 points and seven rebounds from Adebayo.

The Heat also got bench boosts from Nikola Jovic (11 points, six rebounds, four assists) and Kel’el Ware (eight points, seven rebounds).

The victory lifted the Heat to 19-17 overall and 2-1 on this six-game trip.

“We stuck together,” Herro said.

Five Degrees of Heat from Thursday night’s game:

1. Closing time: The Jazz led 27-20 at the end of the first period, before the Heat came back to take a 46-41 halftime lead, ending the second quarter on a 19-7 run.

From there, the Heat moved to an 11-point third-quarter lead, only to see the Jazz bounce back for a 70-68 lead going into the fourth.

Later, midway through the final period, a pair of Herro 3-pointers put the Heat up three.

From there, a pair of Adebayo mid-range baskets then staked the Heat to a 90-86 advantage with 2:05 to play.

But after the Jazz closed within 90-88, Jaquez appeared to get to the line with 79 seconds left. However, that’s when the Jazz successfully challenged, leading to a jumpball at midcourt, which was won by the Heat.

That is when Jaquez stepped up with a 3-pointer for a 93-88 Heat lead with 63 seconds to play.

“We have a bunch of guys that love those fourth-quarter moments,” Spoelstra said.

A pair of Collin Sexton free throws trimmed the Jazz deficit to 95-92 with 13.2 seconds left.

That put Jaquez, who missed two critical late free throws in Sacramento, at the line with 11.8 seconds to play. This time Jaquez made both, effectively ending it.

“It’s great,” Jaquez said of his moment of atonement. “I haven’t been sleeping really well.”

Related Articles

Miami Heat | Heat’s Jaquez fumes with Southern California in flames, ‘ridiculous how California lets this happen’

Miami Heat | ASK IRA: Is it fair to teammates for Heat not to do a Jimmy Butler deal?

Miami Heat | Winderman’s view: Heat get to play as draft kings in victory over Jazz

Miami Heat | Heat’s Herro turns All-Star focus to reserve selection by coaches; Love out vs. Jazz

Miami Heat | More background on Butler’s suspension; Riley on players: ‘render unto the Heat’

2. Old reliable: Herro had 13 points at halftime, a stage when no other Heat player had more than Jovic’s nine.

With the first of his 3-pointers, Herro extended his career-best streak of games with at least one 3-pointer to 70, breaking Duncan Robinson’s franchise record of 69 set in 2021.

Then came his two fourth-quarter 3-pointers that sparked the Heat.

“It gave us that little bit of relief,” Spoelstra said of those two shots. “Because it was such a slog.”

Spoelstra again attempted to alleviate some of the ballhandling responsibilities on Herro, with Jovic and Jaquez also playing as facilitators, Jaquez with four assists in the first half.

3. Ware with all: While Ware loaded up on statistics as a change of pace with his size when Adebayo sat, there also were ample rookie moments.

One of them came when he fouled former Heat guard Patty Mills on a successful Mills 3-point attempt early in the fourth quarter. Further, Ware was called for a flagrant foul for a reckless closeout, not only leaving Mills with the four-point play, but also the Jazz with possession.

The Jazz then turned the ball over on their extra possession, leaving it as a four-point sequence.

4. Successfully unsuccessful: The Heat caught an unexpected break early in the fourth quarter when Jazz coach Will Hardy challenged the call of a foul on Utah center Drew Eubanks against Heat guard Terry Rozier.

Hardy won — and lost — the challenge.

While the review took away the foul on Eubanks as clean contact on the ball, the follow-through on the play was ruled a goaltend on Eubanks.

So Hardy “won” the challenge, retained the challenge and his timeout, but the Heat got the two points.

5. Halfway home: Thursday night marked the midpoint of this six-game trip, following Monday night’s double-overtime loss to the Sacramento Kings and Tuesday night’s victory over the Golden State Warriors.

Next up is a Saturday night game against the Portland Trail Blazers. From there, it could come down to fire conditions, with the Heat scheduled to play the Los Angeles Clippers on Monday night and the Los Angeles Lakers on Wednesday night.

Already the Los Angeles Rams’ Monday home playoff game against the Minnesota Vikings has been moved to Arizona, with air quality a factor in what had been an outdoor event.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Same old Chargers? With a chance to stamp a new identity, Jim Harbaugh’s culture cracked

All that was left after this season of revival was to showcase it when it mattered most. Instead, they looked worryingly similar to the Chargers of old.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Another ridiculous Lamar Jackson TD pass leads to MVP chants in Baltimore

Jackson was up to his old tricks in the first half of Baltimore's playoff opener.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Former Michigan quarterback Alex Orji is transferring to UNLV

Orji will have two years of eligibility remaining.

5h ago
Yahoo Sports
Steelers-Ravens: While Lamar Jackson, Baltimore leave little doubt in 28-14 win, there's plenty of doubts building vs. Pittsburgh's Mike Tomlin

Tomlin isn’t the problem with the Steelers. Saying he is requires a belief the Steelers should have won more than 10 games this season. But the frustration from Steelers fans is valid.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Chargers kicker Cameron Dicker's enormous gaffe allows Texans to return blocked extra point

Dicker appeared to misunderstand the rules about blocked kicks.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Paul George says he's 'bored' playing center amid Sixers' injury woes

Both Joel Embiid and Andre Drummond were out for the Sixers on Friday. So the team got a little weird.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Mike Vrabel in negotiations to be Patriots' next head coach: Report

The Patriots are trying to hire another former linebacker to be their next coach.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
C.J. Stroud just needed a fumbled shotgun snap to kickstart a 99-yard TD drive

A big mistake turned into a big play for the Texans.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Notre Dame & Ohio State win all time classics to reach the National Championship | College Football Enquirer

Following a memorable and exciting Semifinal round, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde recount the Cotton Bowl and Orange Bowl.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Rockets-Hawks game on Saturday due to icy conditions in Atlanta

A winter storm brought snow and freezing rain to Atlanta on Friday.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Magic's Paolo Banchero scores 34 points in return after missing 34 games with oblique injury

Banchero picked up where he left off before his injury, nearly leading the Magic to a win.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans suspend Zion Williamson after he was reportedly late to team flight to Philadelphia

Williamson, who recently returned to the court after a 27-game absence, will miss Friday's contest against the 76ers.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Nick Saban elected to 2025 College Football Hall of Fame class

Saban won seven college football national championships, six of them during a legendary run at Alabama.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans' Herb Jones out indefinitely with torn labrum in his shoulder

It's been a hard season for the New Orleans Pelicans and it's about to get harder.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

2d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/nothing-attractive-result-heat-97-042500439.html 
 ----- 
