MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Subscribe for real-time scores, breaking news, and so much more.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Why your favorite MLB player really cares about these stats and milestones
Stephen J. Nesbitt
Aug 31, 2023

149

Chris Stewart’s playing days were winding down. Wading back into free agency after the 2017 season, he knew the market for 36-year-old backup catchers was not particularly active. But after spending parts of 12 MLB seasons with six clubs, Stewart was still hoping to clear one more career threshold: eight years of MLB service. He needed just 75 more days in the majors to get there.

Stewart was chasing a physical token he wasn’t even sure was real.

The gold card.

“I’ve never even seen one,” he said. “I’ve just heard about it.”

It’s real, and it’s spectacular. The gold card, awarded to players by the Commissioner’s Office when they eclipse eight years of MLB service, gives the holder and a guest free admission to any regular-season MLB game for life.

Breaking camp with the Braves in 2018, Stewart thought he’d have a gold card by summer. But he was designated for assignment a week into the season, recalled in August, designated again four days later and traded to Arizona. Stewart spent September with the Diamondbacks yet ended the season 35 days short of eight years of service time. In 2019, Stewart played two months for the Padres’ Triple-A affiliate before opting out of his minor-league deal. With his service clock still stuck at seven years, 137 days, Stewart headed home to Riverside, Calif.

	Chris Stewart during his final major league season. (Patrick Duffy / Beam Imagination/ Atlanta Braves / Getty Images)

“At that point, I was like, all right, I’m good without this gold card,” he said, laughing. “It would’ve been fun to have — a little notch on the end of my career — but it’s not the end of the world. Things at home are a little more important.”

Last month, The Athletic asked 20 current and recently retired MLB players to answer this question: What personal milestones matter to big leaguers that casual fans might miss? The players brought up everything from the gold card to their first ejection, but eventually a consensus emerged around a handful of stats and significant events. These aren’t numbers that make a Hall of Fame case — 3,000 hits, 3,000 strikeouts, 300 saves — but they mean something to major leaguers.

Ten years of MLB service time

MLB’s pension plan begins vesting at 43 service days — which equates to a quarter of a season — and is fully vested at 10 years of service. That’s the headline here. Also, players with 10 years of service and at least five consecutive seasons with their current club receive 10-and-5 rights, which provide them veto power in any trade involving them, effectively giving them a no-trade clause.

But money and (veto) power aren’t the only reasons 10 years of service was by far the most common response players gave to this prompt. It’s a marker of longevity, of surviving years of roster churn, of adapting to hold a job for more than a decade in an ultra-competitive industry. Fewer than 10 percent of MLB players reach 10 service years. Last month, Braves catcher Travis d’Arnaud hit 10 years. He told AJC.com he couldn’t sleep the night before. “It’s a day I’ll never forget,” he said. Teammates gifted d’Arnaud an expensive bottle of alcohol and a chest protector featuring a painting of him celebrating after the final out of the 2021 World Series.

“It’s a special accomplishment,” said Red Sox outfielder Adam Duvall, d’Arnaud’s close friend and former teammate. “It just doesn’t happen a ton.”

The day he reached 10 years of MLB service, in September 2020, then-Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman was on the road, alone in a Washington D.C. hotel room, when he got an email from his wife, Chelsea. She had put together a video of messages from his dad, brothers, aunts, uncles and a dozen current and former teammates congratulating him.

“You know me,” Freeman said. “I cried during the whole thing.”

Red Sox closer Kenley Jansen was 8 when the Braves called up 19-year-old Andruw Jones in August 1996. It wasn’t until that day, seeing a fellow Curaçaoan in the majors, that Jansen believed he and his buddies might one day get a look from scouts. “Growing up in Curaçao, I felt like it was impossible,” Jansen said. “But (Jones) paved the way for us.” Now Jansen has 13 years of MLB service time. “Shoot, man. When I first started, I never thought I’d get 10,” he said. “It’s a blessing. That’s how I see it. Looking back now it’s like, dang.”

	Kenley Jansen reacts in May after earning the 400th save of his career. (Kevin C. Cox / Getty Images)

When Miguel Rojas was a minor league shortstop in the Reds system, struggling to hit and worried each day in pro ball would be his last, he dreamed of getting just one game in the majors. “My goal was to play one day in the big leagues and get a hit, then I can move on with my life,” he said.

He’s still there. Rojas is on track to reach 10 years of service next August. Looking around a Dodgers clubhouse that currently has seven players past the 10-year mark, Rojas shook his head. He never expected to stick around. “Being able to stay in this game that long, especially when you weren’t a top prospect or a guy that was expected to be a star in the game, it’s a pretty huge milestone,” he said.

“Getting to that plateau of 10 years and beyond is the goal,” Red Sox pitcher Nick Pivetta said. “Anything after that is icing on the cake.”

200 innings pitched in a season

When 24-year-old Astros starter Hunter Brown was a kid in suburban Detroit, he grew accustomed to seeing the same starting pitcher take the ball every fifth day for his favorite team, the Detroit Tigers. That same starter now shares the rotation with Brown in Houston: Justin Verlander.

If Brown could emulate one Verlander attribute, it would be his durability throughout his career. For starters, the gold standard is 200 innings pitched in a season. Verlander has done that 12 times. The only other starters who’ve pitched in the 21st century and had that many 200-inning seasons? Roger Clemens, Randy Johnson, Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine and Mark Buerhle.

“If you throw 200 in the big leagues, especially now, you’re going deep every time out,” Brown said. “The things that does for your bullpen, the stress it takes off everybody else knowing that, hey, we’ve got JV going today and other guys coming behind in the series.”

At a time when starters are trusted less and less to navigate the third time through the order, and as their workloads are monitored more closely than ever, the 200-inning starter is a dying breed. In 2013, when Verlander led the league with 238 ⅓ innings, 36 starters eclipsed the 200-inning mark; 21 teams had a 200-inning guy, and six more had a starter at least 190 innings. Last year, only eight 200-inning guys roamed the majors.

Number of 200-inning starters per year
YEAR  	200 IP SP  	LEADER  

2022
	
8
	
Sandy Alcantara (228 2/3)


2021
	
4
	
Zack Wheeler (213 1/3)


2019
	
15
	
Justin Verlander (223)


2018
	
13
	
Max Scherzer (220 2/3)


2017
	
15
	
Chris Sale (214 1/3)


2016
	
15
	
David Price (230)


2015
	
28
	
Clayton Kershaw (232 2/3)


2014
	
34
	
David Price (248 1/3)


2013
	
36
	
Adam Wainwright (241 2/3)


2012
	
31
	
Verlander (238 1/3)

There’s a measure of pride that comes with being a 200-inning guy these days. It’s a sign of reliability, resilience and health. It means that if you made all 32 starts, you on average pitched into the seventh inning. You chewed up innings. You saved the bullpen. You kept your team in the game.

For Cubs starter Jameson Taillon, who topped out at 191 innings in 2018, a 200-inning season remains a goal. “That’s a pretty rare one right now. A lot of people on the outside care about your xFIP or your WAR,” he said, clearly forgetting the target audience for the prompt was the casuals. “But for a starting pitcher there’s still a lot of pride in taking the ball and pitching innings.”

160(ish) games played in a season

There’s a term ballplayers throw around as a supreme compliment: posting. That means a guy is out there every day (or every fifth day, for a starter) posting up for his team. Retired reliever Tony Watson said, as a pitcher, games played was a number that jumped out to him whenever he scanned stat leaderboards. He rattled off a few names: Freeman, Manny Machado, Nolan Arenado, Paul Goldschmidt. “Aircraft carriers posting up and producing,” Watson said.

Aircraft carriers. Not many of ‘em out there, and they’re always working.

“You want to be one of those guys,” Dodgers catcher Will Smith said.

“That’s the ultimate good-teammate thing: when you’re just going out there and posting,” Taillon said. “I think it’s so frickin’ cool when you can look at the lineup card every day and see the same dudes out there.”

160-game players by year
YEAR  	PLAYERS  

2022
	
8


2021
	
7


2019
	
12


2018
	
11


2017
	
7


2016
	
9


2015
	
6


2014
	
6


2013
	
18


2012
	
14

A lot of players bring up Freeman. Here are his games-played totals since his first full year: 157, 147, 147, 162, 118 (right wrist injury), 158, 117 (left wrist injury), 162, 158, 60 (every game of a shortened season), 159, 159, 132 (of 132 so far this season). That guy posts.

“There’s only one Freddie Freeman,” Rojas said.

Freeman explained that, the way he views it, he’s a Dodgers employee, and they pay him to work, so playing 162 games is just doing his job. “I don’t feel like I can show up to work and not do my job,” he said. Not every player would agree, Freeman acknowledged, and maybe that mindset was subconsciously instilled in him as a kid watching his father, who’d lost his wife, working tirelessly to raise three boys alone. Freeman’s goal each year is to play well enough that his manager never decides he needs a day off. So far this season, so good.

But Freeman also had to learn how to handle a 160ish-game workload. That meant lessons like maneuvering travel days with long flights, prioritizing rest, saying no to weight training in certain situations and opting to hit indoors some days instead of out in the sun. Freeman expects to play for another four to six seasons, which means as many as 2,850 career games played.

“As long as they want me to do my job, I’m going to do it,” Freeman said.

Not only is playing 160ish games a physical feat, players said, it also sets an example for younger players. Players don’t get to decide these things entirely. But if veterans and superstars are preparing to play every game, the kids should, too. “You want your guys wanting to play,” Rojas said. Last year, Rojas played 140 games for the Marlins. He injured his right wrist sliding into second base in the first game after the All-Star break. He postponed surgery until the offseason and played through pain, he said, “just because I wanted to keep posting.”

A pitcher’s velocity personal record

Ask a pitcher if they remember, track or care about their personal-best velocity reading, and they’ll claim, almost to a man, that they don’t.

Ask them if it’s a number that matters to other pitchers, though, and they’ll immediately say yes. 

One texted back: “Definitely, lol.”

Another: “Pitchers love that.”

100-strikeout relievers

Trevor Rosenthal, the reliever working his way back from a second Tommy John surgery, moved to Houston recently, a few houses down from another former closer: Michael Jackson. The two of them were chatting the other day, and Jackson asked if there was anything specific Rosenthal wanted to achieve at the major league level. Rosenthal didn’t have a good answer. 

“I’ve always thought of it more like a job,” he mused later. “I have this opportunity. I’m a kid from a community college. There’s no way I’m ever going to make this type of money doing anything else. I should probably try to maximize that and help take care of my family.”

But when Rosenthal reflects, there is an achievement he’s especially proud of: the 108 strikeouts he had in 2013 with the Cardinals.

“You look at the names in that (100-strikeout) category,” Rosenthal said, “and you’re getting to a pretty small list of elite relievers.”

	Trevor Rosenthal in 2013. (Dilip Vishwanat / Getty Images)

“It’s fun,” added Jansen, who’s had four 100-strikeout seasons. “I’ve done it a few times, and I could have done it more if my heart hadn’t stopped me quite a few times — missing a month here and there and stopping at 90-something (strikeouts). It’s a blessing that I was at least (able) to accomplish it a few times.”

Only a handful of relievers reach 100 strikeouts most years — only Edwin Díaz did it last season — though with strikeout rates rising and stuff nastier than ever that group could grow. Watson joked that Orioles closer Félix Bautista was “making a mockery” of the sacred 100-strikeout mark. Bautista had 110 strikeouts in 61 innings before suffering a UCL injury last week, punching out 46.4 percent of batters he faced. “That’s insane,” Rosenthal said.

Opening Days on MLB roster

Most players will never reach 10 years of MLB service. They start with more attainable goals: getting to arbitration after three years, then free agency after six years. Each year brings additional benefits and, according to players currently making that climb, appreciation. That’s why most players easily remember how many Opening Day rosters they made so far.

Like Pivetta: five.

“It’s very rose-colored glasses in the first couple years,” he said. “As you get older and see how the game works and see how it’s a business, you get this gratitude for being here.”

Like Smith: four.

When you come up for the first time, Smith said, some of your teammates are guys “you saw play when you were in high school and maybe even middle school. When you see them day in and day out, you understand why they’ve been around so long.”

And like Red Sox reliever John Schreiber: one.

“It’s so hard to get here, and it’s even harder to stay,” Schreiber said. “So you’re just thankful to be up here for another season.”

	Red Sox reliever John Schreiber on Opening Day, his first on a big league roster. (Maddie Malhotra / Boston Red Sox / Getty Images)
Most (smaller) round numbers

Players, like the rest of us, are drawn to round numbers. Even if no one is currently closing in on 500 homers or 3,000 hits, there are still milestones to track. Maybe it’s 1,000 hits or 200 steals or 150 saves. Andrew McCutchen, for example, has crossed a few thresholds this season with the Pirates: 400 doubles, 1,000 walks and 2,000 games played. He’s one homer away from 300.

Guys generally have at least a vague sense of what milestones are ahead.

“For me,” Duvall said last Friday afternoon, “the next would be 200 homers.”

He was, at that moment, at 177 career homers. He homered a few hours later, then again the next day, then again on the third day, then again on the fourth day. He’s now at 181.

Nationals starter Trevor Williams wants to reach 1,000 strikeouts.

So does Taillon, who could get there next year.

Brown, the Astros rookie, is looking forward to hitting 250 — an early milestone to cross off in a big league career that began with a World Series title last fall — likely in 2024.

	Astros rookie Hunter Brown. (Ron Chenoy / USA Today)

For part-time players, setting counting-stat targets is a surefire way to fall short of your goals. Playing time isn’t in your hands. Instead, many opt for rate stats. When Stewart, the backup catcher, joined the Pirates in 2014, the staff gave him a goal of batting .250. Stewart decided to raise the goal to .350. “Which was kind of outrageous at the time,” he said, “being a .210 career hitter.” Stewart delivered a .292 batting average over the next two seasons.

Rojas was primarily a defensive replacement for his first four MLB seasons. He hit one homer each year. “You can’t really try to slug there,” he said. “You have to make sure you put the ball in play. The team might need a bunt. It’s not about you, it’s about the team when you’re playing in that situation.” In 2018, his first season as the Marlins’ starting shortstop, he hit 11 homers. His mentality and mindset had changed; an everyday guy needed to be productive with the bat, too.

“You have to understand there are different roles and kinds of players,” Rojas said. “Not everyone is a superstar. Not everybody is Mookie Betts or Ronald Acuña or Miguel Cabrera.”

That brings us back to Rojas’ dream of making the majors for a day and getting a hit. He got that hit in his first start. Rojas now has 803 hits, and he has his sights set on reaching 1,000.

“I’ve still got a ways to go,” Rojas said. “But I feel like I can get there. If I get 1,000 hits and 10 years in the big leagues, those are the two things I’d celebrate the most.”

— The Athletic’s Fabian Ardaya contributed reporting.

(Top photo of Adam Duvall, Miguel Rojas, Justin Verlander and Freddie Freeman: Winslow Townson, Brian Rothmuller, Adam Hunger and Joe Robbins / Icon Sportswire, Getty Images)

Stephen J. Nesbitt is a senior MLB writer for The Athletic. He previously wrote for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette, covering the Pittsburgh Pirates before moving to an enterprise/features role. He is a University of Michigan graduate. Follow Stephen on Twitter @stephenjnesbitt. Follow Stephen J. on Twitter @stephenjnesbitt

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4820785/2023/08/31/mlb-players-important-stats-milestones/ 
 ----- 
