MLB
New York Yankees
Yankees' Giancarlo Stanton reveals major reason behind NY's power surge

The Yankees have played better the last few days, and Giancarlo Stanton shared why he thinks the offense has been improving.

By 

Scotty White

Aug 31, 2023 at 12:36 AM ET

The New York Yankees have not had a good season this year, and the team will be the first ones to tell you that. However, after a lackluster stretch that sent the team below .500, the Yankees have looked very good in their last three games against the Detroit Tigers. While the Tigers aren't the greatest team, it's still a positive sign for New York. The two teams are currently in the midst of a four game series in Detroit, and the Yankees have won the first three by scores of 4-1, 4-2 and 6-2. The Series finale takes place on Thursday where the Yankees will be looking to complete the sweep.

A big reason for the Yankees success has been the power hitting from their sluggers. For the third time in the past four games, New York hit back-to-back homers when Giancarlo Stanton and Gleyber Torres hit two consecutive shots in the fourth inning of Wednesday's game. Torres has hit seven home runs in the month and August and the Yankees have hit 20 as a team. Torres is also hitting .340 this month, and that is certainly helping the New York lineup surge.

Related New York Yankees News
Article continues below
MLB Network analyst predicts Yankees will win 2025 World Series
16h
MLB rumors: Ex-Yankees, Dodgers reliever drawing interest from ‘8 teams’
22h
Yankees fans involved in Mookie Betts World Series incident banned from MLB stadiums
1d
MLB rumors: Yankees’ Marcus Stroman stance could result in attention-grabbing addition
2d

“I think it is a matter of wearing the pitchers down,” Giancarlo Stanton said in regards to the hot bats, according to an article from ESPN. “We've had some high strikeout games, but if you see six or seven pitches, you are wearing him down for the next guy.”

While the Yankees have looked better in the last few days, their playoff hopes are likely over. New York is 65-68 and 10 games back of the last wild card spot. Still, it would be nice for Yankees fans to see their team play well down the stretch.

Scotty White serves as ClutchPoints' Chicago Bulls and Michigan Football reporter, in addition to covering NCAA Football and Basketball as an associate editor. Scotty is a graduate of the University of Michigan and has been in the sports journalism industry since 2020.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Ex-Yankees, Dodgers reliever drawing interest from ‘8 teams’
17 hours ago
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
2 days ago
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara-Red Sox trade speculation gets doused in cold water
2 days ago
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
6 days ago
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
4 days ago
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Blue Jays enter Yoan Moncada sweepstakes amid Alex Bregman wait
6 days ago
MLB rumors: Angels, Blue Jays, Tigers listed as Anthony Santander suitors
6 days ago
Ranking the dirtiest players in MLB history
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
1 week ago
MLB news: Phillies, White Sox swap pitchers in trade
1 week ago
Giancarlo Stanton
Gleyber Torres
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/yankees-news-giancarlo-stanton-reveals-major-reason-behind-nys-power-surge 
 ----- 
