Skip to Article
Set weather
Michigan
Subscribe
Sign in
TIGERS
Another strong start from Matt Manning stops Tigers’ 5-game skid
Updated: Sep. 01, 2023, 7:33 p.m.|Published: Aug. 31, 2023, 4:04 p.m.

Detroit Tigers starting pitcher Matt Manning throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Thursday, Aug. 31, 2023, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Carlos Osorio)AP

By Evan Woodbery | ewoodber@mlive.com

DETROIT -- The Detroit Tigers lost a three-run lead in the ninth inning but then rallied to beat the New York Yankees 4-3 in 10 innings on Thursday afternoon at Comerica Park.

The Tigers (60-74) snapped a five-game losing streak and avoided a four-game sweep at the hands of the Yankees (65-69) and finished their 10-game homestand with a 3-7 record.

“It’s been a bad little stretch,” said Tigers manager A.J. Hinch. “We talk all the time about hitting the reset button and getting to the next game.”

Tigers starter Matt Manning threw six scoreless innings.

Manning has allowed just one earned in his last four starts dating to Aug. 12. He’s given up only 10 hits over that 23 2/3 inning span.

“I feel like I’m in a good spot,” he said. “I think a lot of times I would have like three good games and a bad game. So I’m trying not to get too high or too low and just ride the wave.”

On Thursday, Manning allowed just two hits, but both were quickly erased on the base paths. Jake Bauers was caught stealing second on an inning-ending, strike-em-out, throw-em-out double play in the second inning. Manning picked Anthony Volpe off second base in the fourth inning after Volpe had reached on a double.

Manning’s attentiveness to baserunners was a marked contrast to Wednesday, when Tigers pitchers seemed to forget about baserunners on multiple occasions.

Manning became just the second pitcher in franchise history to have back-to-back starts with at least six shutout innings and two or fewer hits. Michael Fulmer did it in three consecutive starts from June 1-12 in his 2016 Rookie of the Year campaign.

The Tigers scored three runs in the fifth to knock Yankees starter Clarke Schmidt from the game.

Zack Short, who was starting in place of Javier Baez, led off the inning with a solo home run. Riley Greene and Kerry Carpenter later had RBI singles.

The Yankees tied the game in the ninth off Tigers some-time closer Alex Lange. Two men reached on singles, including a lead-off bunt base hit by Oswaldo Cabrera, and then Anthony Volpe hit a three-run homer down the right-field line.

The Tigers scored the go-ahead run in the 10th when Zack Short hit a comebacker to the mound. Pitcher Jonathan Loaisiga fired to second to get the first out, but second baseman Gleyber Torres threw the ball wide in an effort to complete the double play. Kerry Carpenter, the designated runner who began the inning on second base, scampered home with the winning run.

The Yankees made a perfunctory challenge, saying Parker Meadows interfered with the fielder in his slide into second, but the Tigers’ win was swiftly confirmed.

“As soon as I saw the video, I felt a lot better,” Hinch said. “There’s nothing that Parker could have done differently on that play, and it was completely clean and legal.”

BOX SCORE

Up next: The Tigers open a three-game series against the White Sox at Guaranteed Rate Field in Chicago on Friday at 8:10 p.m. Eastern time.

RECOMMENDED•MLIVE.COM

Justin Verlander signs 1-year deal to extend Hall-of-Fame careerJan. 8, 2025, 9:42 a.m.

Tigers bring back pitcher acquired from Toronto on minor-league dealJan. 7, 2025, 4:44 p.m.

Tigers left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez (9-7, 3.21 ERA) will face White Sox right-hander Touki Toussaint (2-6, 4.85).

Rodriguez struggled with control in his last start on Aug. 26 against the Houston Astros, walking four batters and striking out just one in 4 2/3 innings.

Toussaint, who was selected off waivers from the Cleveland Guardians in June, has struck out 56 but walked 39 through 55 2/3 innings with the White Sox.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Jobs at MLive
MLive Media Group
Our Team
Advertise with us
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
MLive.com
Newsletters
The Ann Arbor News
The Bay City Times
The Flint Journal
The Grand Rapids Press
Jackson Citizen Patriot
Kalamazoo Gazette
Muskegon Chronicle
The Saginaw News
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
MLive Sections
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
News
Business
Sports
Advice
High School Sports
Betting
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Your Regional News Pages
Saginaw
Jackson
Kalamazoo
Muskegon
Ann Arbor
Bay City
Flint
Grand Rapids
Mobile
Mobile apps
More on MLive
Video
Weather
Post a job
Archives
Classifieds
Sell your car
Sell/Rent your home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlive.com/tigers/2023/08/another-strong-start-from-matt-manning-stops-tigers-5-game-skid.html 
 ----- 
