NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
NFL
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Tools
Playoff Chances
Fantasy Rankings
Trade Value Charts
Depth Charts
More
NFL
NFL Draft
Who is Tanzel Smart's wife Jada Smart? Former Jets DT's personal life explored
Who is Tanzel Smart's wife Jada Smart? Former Jets DT's personal life explored
By
Nick Igbokwe
Modified Aug 30, 2023 08:31 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Who is Tanzel Smart's wife Jada Smart? Former Jets DT's personal life explored (Image Credit: Tanzel Smart's Instagram Page)

Jada Smart is a pharmacist and the wife of New York Jets defensive tackle Tanzel Smart. Jada was born on October 30, 1996, and schooled at Xavier University of Louisiana.

She got engaged to Tanzel Smart in 2020 after the couple had been together for at least five years. They married on June 26, 2021, in a serene ceremony attended by family and friends.

Jada Smart regularly attends Tanzel's NFL games, and is his biggest fan, cheering for him every chance she gets.

Furthermore, she is pretty accomplished in her field, as she recently bagged her Doctor of Pharmacy, PharmD degree from Xavier University of Louisiana, another feather in the cap of the multifaceted Jada.

Trending

Looking to predict NFL playoff Scenarios? Try our NFL Playoff Predictor for real-time simulations and stay ahead of the game!

Tanzel Smart was around to celebrate her graduation, and he even posted pictures on his official Instagram account celebrating the momentous occasion.

Do Tanzel and Jada Smart have a child together?

Yes, the couple welcomed their daughter, Tatum, into the world on May 17, 2022. Tatum's birth came just under a year after their wedding, and she is a huge source of joy for the Smart family.

Tanzel and Jada Smart regularly post pictures of their daughter on their social media pages, and they are enjoying marriage and family life to the fullest.

What to expect from Tanzel Smart in 2023?

The New York Jets recently released Smart after the team's latest roster cuts. His release means any NFL team can sign him to their practice squad before the 2023 NFL season.

His release came just a few weeks after his compelling TV debut on this year's "Hard Knocks" Episode 3. While rooting for him was easy, the odds were always against him heading into 2023.

Tanzel Smart should have a future in the NFL, as some teams can use his decent skillset on their defenses in 2023. Furthermore, he has over six years of experience in the NFL, an asset that could prove beneficial at the business end of the season.

Smart's immediate future on the Gridiron would be more apparent in a few days as teams fill out their main and practice squad rosters.

New York Jets Nation! Check out the latest Jets Schedule and dive into the New York Jets Depth Chart for NFL Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NFL Draft New York Jets Tanzel Smart NFL Trending News
Edited by Kanav Seth
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/nfl/who-tanzel-smart-s-wife-jada-smart-former-jets-dt-s-personal-life-explored 
 ----- 
