Skip to content
Menu
HU24EU
CURRENT
POLITICS
PHILOSOPHY
CULTURE & SOCIETY
OPINION
INTERVIEW
DIASPORA
PRINT ISSUES
CULTURE & SOCIETY, CURRENT
Hungary Fail to Make Amends Against Bosnia and Herzegovina in Nations League Match
Hungary captain Dominik Szoboszlai (#10, red) battles Amar Dedić (#7, blue) of the Bosnian national team in a UEFA Nations League group match in Budapest, Hungary on 10 September 2024.
Tamás Gyurkovits/Hungarian Conservative

The Hungarian football national team greatly disappointed their ferocious fans in their first game in the new UEFA Nations League season. They got battered 5–0 against Germany on the road, despite some recent good showings against them. At Euro 2024 earlier this year, the final scoreline was 2–0 for Germany.

However, the opportunity came right after, just a few days later, to make things right again. Bosnia and Herzegovina was next up on the schedule for our boys, a less formidable opponent, and on home turf this time.

Head coach Marco Rossi made a handful of changes in the starting eleven compared to the last, unfortunate game in Düsseldorf. Dénes Dibusz of Ferencváros replaced Péter Gulácsi in goal. Also, centre-back Endre Botka, left-back Zsolt Nagy, defensive midfielder Tamás Nikitscher (who just made his national team debut against Germany), and right-back Bendegúz Bolla made the cut for the team this time.

Hungary were clearly the more active side all throughout the game. They threatened the Bosnian goal a handful of times in both halves; while the opposition did not even get a shot on goal until the 66th minute of the game. Bosnian goalkeeper Nikola Vasilj, however, was in excellent form, and made a series of impressive saves to keep the match goalless. After the game, Hungary captain Dominik Szoboszlai told the Hungarian sports daily Nemzeti Sport that ‘it was like there were three people in the Bosnian goal’.

It was Szoboszlai who came the closest to beating Vasilj, but his free kick ended up hitting the crossbar. Martin Ádám, who became an international meme sensation for his unusual appearance during Euro 2024, had the last opportunity to clutch the winner for his country, but his header from a clear chance was yet again denied by Bosnia’s number one.

Tamás Gyurkovits/Hungarian Conservative

The fans in the stands were not particularly impressed with this performance either. Some jeers and whistles could be heard after the referee blew the game. However, Marco Rossi has had some rough periods on the Hungary bench already, and always managed to climb back, eventually leading his team to their third consecutive European Championship this summer.

In 2019, Hungary only finished fourth out of five in their Euro 2020 qualifying group, but still managed to secure their spot in the tournament (which was postponed to 2021 due to the pandemic) through the play-off, to which they qualified through their Nations League performance.

In 2021, in the qualifying group for the 2022 World Cup, Hungary lost to England 4–0 at home, then lost 1–0 to Albania away just a few days later. Yet, the very next year, Hungary delighted their fans with an amazing Nations League campaign, in which they beat England 4–0 on their home turf, and finished second in their group behind Italy.

Related articles:

Hungarian National Team Suffers Devastating 5–0 Defeat to Germany in Nations Leauge, Eyes Redemption Against Bosnia
Hungary Keeps Knockout Stage Hopes Alive with Dramatic Extra-Time Goal Versus Scotland

After the 5–0 loss against Germany, the Hungarian football national team tied Bosnia and Herzegovina 0–0 in the UEFA Nations League. Nevertheless, Marco Rossi has been through rough periods with the team already, and has always managed to come back so far.
Márton Losonczi
— 11.09.2024
 
 
 
 
 
‘We always had folk music played everywhere’ — A conversation with József Salamon, founder of the Csipke Camp
Ildikó Antal-Ferencz  27.12.2024
‘Cop Killer’ Sues Hungarian Government in Strasbourg
Márton Losonczi  27.12.2024
Rebirth of the Castle: The National Hauszmann Programme and the Aesthetics of Tradition
Stefano Arroque  27.12.2024
Tags: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Dominik Szoboszlai, football, Germany, Hungarian national team, Hungary, Hungary news, Marco Rossi, professional sports, Sports, UEFA Nations League
READ NEXT
‘Cop Killer’ Sues Hungarian Government in Strasbourg
Márton Losonczi  27.12.2024
Rebirth of the Castle: The National Hauszmann Programme and the Aesthetics of Tradition
Stefano Arroque  27.12.2024
Marzipan — A Christmas Confection and Its History in Hungary
Lili Zemplényi  26.12.2024

Hungarian Conservative is a quarterly magazine on contemporary political, philosophical and cultural issues from a conservative perspective.

ABOUT
GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS
PRIVACY POLICY
LOG IN
CONTACT
info@hungarianconservative.com
© Hungarian Conservative 2024
Privacy Policy
General Privacy Policy
General Terms & Conditions
We use cookies to enhance your browsing experience and to personalize the content and advertisements that you see on our website.
AcceptDeclinePrivacy policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.hungarianconservative.com/articles/culture_society/hungary-bosnia-nations-league-2024/ 
 ----- 
