Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
BREAKING NEWS
Trump gets no penalty in ‘hush money’ case — but will still be first felon in White House
MLB
J.D. Martinez knows what’s at heart of his Mets slump
By Mike Puma
Published Sep. 19, 2024, 11:42 p.m. ET
17

J.D. Martinez didn’t want to discuss much about his recent slump before Thursday’s game out of fear it would put negative thoughts in his head. 

But the veteran Mets DH was willing to say he’s got a good idea of what needs to be fixed. 

“My mechanics are not very good right now, they haven’t been, that is why I have been getting out,” Martinez said before going hitless in four at-bats in the 10-6 victory over the Phillies. “I have got to let my back shoulder stay up as my elbow drops. It’s just a habit I have gotten into. I have got to figure out a way to fix it.” 

Mets designated hitter J.D. Martinez #28 reacts after he strikes out looking against the Nationals.
Charles Wenzelberg / New York Post

Martinez extended his nosedive — which he referred to as “dog sh—” performances lately — to 0-for-28.

With a little luck he would have hit multiple homers last weekend in Philadelphia, but two balls he scalded remained in the ballpark, including one on which Cal Stevenson reached over the fence to rob him. 

Entering play he owned an .083/.175/.111 slash line in September with four RBIs.

Martinez’s Statcast numbers suggest he’s been somewhat unlucky at the plate — based on the 15.4 percent of barreled balls he’s hit this season, which ranks in MLB’s 96th percentile. 

“You look at my expected numbers this year and they are a lot higher than my actual numbers,” Martinez said. “That is kind of what I have to go off of, really.” 

Martinez, 36, said the back ailments that bothered him for much of last season (and again in spring training) haven’t been an issue for him this season. 

Mets designated hitter J.D. Martinez wears a hat to commemorate first responders on the anniversary of 9/11
Getty Images

“He’s just inconsistent right now — chasing or maybe in-between at times,” manager Carlos Mendoza said. “But there were some good signs in the series in Philadelphia. He hit the ball hard and got some good at-bats.” 

Martinez was back in the lineup Thursday after a day off. 

“He’s always going to be watching films and tinkering with his mechanics,” Mendoza said. “We are going to need him.” 

17

What do you think? Post a comment.

Mendoza confirmed that Tylor Megill will start Sunday’s series finale against Zack Wheeler. 

Jose Iglesias went 2-for-5 and extended his hitting streak to 13 games. He is 20-for-49 (.408) during that stretch.

FILED UNDER J.D. MARTINEZ  NEW YORK METS  9/19/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Donald Trump Gets No Penalty For His NYC Hush Money Trial
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Lauren Boebert's Inappropriate Outfits Just Keep Getting Worse
GLAM.com
Inside The Rumors Behind Guilfoyle & Don Jr.'s Split
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/19/sports/j-d-martinez-knows-whats-at-heart-of-his-mets-slump/ 
 ----- 
