Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
New York Mets Prospect Makes Team History with Another Big Game on Wednesday
Luisangel Acuna, who just recently came up for the New York Mets, is making an historic impact early in his tenure.
Brady Farkas | Sep 19, 2024
New York Mets shortstop Luisangel Acuna (2) follows through on a solo home run against the Washington Nationals during the eighth inning at Citi Field on Sept 18. / Brad Penner-Imagn Images
In this story:
New York Mets

The New York Mets routed the Washington Nationals 10-0 on Wednesday night to move to 84-68 on the season. With the win, the Mets are 2.0 games ahead of the Atlanta Braves for the third and final wild card spot in the National League.

New York is trying to get back to the playoffs for the second time in three years and is seeking its first World Series win since 1986. They haven't been to the World Series since 2015.

In the win, Mets top prospect Luisangel Acuna continued to make his presence felt. He went 2-for-4 with a home run and two RBI. He also scored two runs and made some special team history.

Per Sarah Langs of MLB.com:

Luisangel Acuña is the first player in Mets’ franchise history with multiple hits in each of his first 3 career starts

The 22-year-old Acuna Jr. was acquired in 2023 from the Texas Rangers in the deal that sent Max Scherzer to Texas. He is currently ranked the No. 12 prospect in the organization, per MLB Pipeline. He is the brother of Atlanta Braves star and reigning National League MVP, Ronald Acuna Jr.

Luisangel Acuna will look to keep his hot streak going on Thursday night when the Mets open up a new series with the Philadelphia Phillies.

First pitch is set for 7:15 p.m. ET as Taijaun Walker gets the bally for Philly. He goes up against veteran right-hander Luis Severino.

Walker is 3-6 with a 6.29 ERA while Severino is 10-6 with a 3.77.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 19, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/new-york-mets-prospect-luisangel-acuna-makes-team-history-with-another-big-game-on-wednesday-vs-nationals 
 ----- 
