Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Nationals option All-Star Abrams to Triple-A due to ‘internal issue'
Share
Nationals option All-Star Abrams to Triple-A due to ‘internal issue'
September 21st, 2024

Jessica Camerato

@jessicacamerato
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

CHICAGO -- The Nationals optioned 23-year-old All-Star shortstop CJ Abrams to Triple-A Rochester on Saturday.

“I just want it to be known, it wasn’t performance-based,” said manager Dave Martinez. “It’s an internal issue. I’m not going to give specifics.”

Early Friday, a post on X by Cody Delmendo of CHGO Sports said that Abrams was at a local casino until 8 a.m. before Friday's day game. When asked about the post on Saturday, Martinez said, “Like I said, I’m not going to get into any specifics. We’re going to handle this internally.”

The plan is for Abrams to go back to Washington, D.C., and then to the Nationals’ training complex in West Palm Beach, Fla., until the end of the Major League season, where a group of Red Wings players also will be staying prepared.

“I’m going to support CJ,” Martinez said. “He’s a big part of our Nats family, and he will be. But at this point, for me, it’s the right thing to do.”

Abrams was informed of the decision following the Nationals’ game on Friday. Martinez said his own “emotions were all over the map” during the conversation.

“We had our moments, we sat here and we weeped together,” said Martinez. “As I always say, it’s about taking care of the person first and not the player. I’m going to do everything I can to help him. I love the kid, he’s a good kid and he’s going to be back.”

Abrams earned his first All-Star selection in a strong first half of the season. Following the break, though, he struggled at the plate, posting a .203/.260/.326 slash line with a .586 OPS and five home runs in 49 games.

On the season as a whole, Abrams became a member of the 20-30 club with 20 homers and 31 stolen bases. He was the first Nationals player to do so since Alfonso Soriano in 2006 and only the second in team history (2005-present).

“He’s going to be missed, as we all know, but it had nothing to do with his performance,” Martinez said. “The kid was a 20-30 guy. I know he struggled a little bit, but so does every young player. But he was doing well.”

The Nationals expressed their support for Abrams following their 5-1 win over the Cubs.

“CJ’s family,” said starting left-hander MacKenzie Gore, who was part of the Padres-Nationals trade with Abrams. “We played together our whole big league careers. It’s a tough situation for me, and I’m always going to be [there] for CJ in this situation. It’s interesting. It was a tough day hearing that. You care about him, so it was tough because we’re close, he’s family. And you lose your best player, so it’s a tough day.”

Related
García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

4:07 AM UTC

INF Rosario inks one-year deal with Nationals

January 8th, 2025

Bell looks to make noise as the DH in DC

January 8th, 2025

Abrams' leadoff HR a key breakthrough amid 2nd-half woes

September 8th, 2024

Get the scoop on Nationals' favorite ice creams

September 1st, 2024

Power + speed = 10 jaw-dropping players

August 10th, 2024

Joey Gallo, who became teammates with Abrams this season, said, “I can speak from my experience with CJ -- it’s been great. He’s still a young kid, and I think we all kind of make mistakes. We’ve all talked to him and just said to keep his head up. He really has had a fantastic year. He’s really a high character guy, he plays the game the right way every day, and he’s a great teammate. I’ve been honored to be able to play with him and share the field with him. Hopefully, he can learn from this and move on and continue to be a great player for this organization.”

In a corresponding move, infielder Trey Lipscomb was recalled from Rochester. Nasim Nuñez got the start at shortstop on Saturday.

“I assure you that he’ll be better, he will be,” Martinez said of Abrams. “We talked a long time yesterday and last time before we made any decisions. I know that he wants to be here. He expressed that very much. He said he’s going to miss his teammates. But, like I said, without getting into any details, this, to me, was the right thing to do.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
CJ Abrams

Senior Reporter Jessica Camerato covers the Nationals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

27 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/nationals-option-cj-abrams-to-triple-a 
 ----- 
