Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Mets score double-digit runs in 3 straight games for first time in 63-season history
1 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Brandon Nimmo (9) gestures to teammates after hitting an RBI double during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

2 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Luisangel Acuña, center, celebrates with teammates after a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

3 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Luisangel Acuña grounds into a force out during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in New York. Acuña was safe at first base on the play. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

4 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Francisco Alvarez celebrates with teammates after hitting a three-run home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

5 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Francisco Alvarez celebrates with teammates after hitting a three-run home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

6 of 7 |  

El venezolano Francisco Álvarez, de los Mets de Nueva York, bateó un jonrón de tres carreras durante el cuarto inning del juego ante los Filis de Filadelfia, el jueves 19 de septiembre de 2024 (AP Foto/Frank Franklin II)

7 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Edwin Díaz pitches during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Thursday, Sept. 19, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II)

BY  RONALD BLUM
Updated 3:47 AM UTC, September 20, 2024
Share

NEW YORK (AP) — Pete Alonso, Brandon Nimmo and the 2024 New York Mets accomplished what the Darryl Strawberry teams of the 1980s and all their other predecessors failed to: score double-digit runs in three straight games.

Alonso, Nimmo, Mark Vientos and Francisco Alvarez homered in a 10-6 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Thursday night that followed 10-1 and 10-0 routs of the Washington Nationals.

It was the 9,963rd regular-season game in the 63-season history of the Mets, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.

“Sick,” Alonso said.

A franchise whose success was dependent on the pitching prowess of Tom Seaver, Dwight Gooden and Jacob deGrom finds itself fourth in the major leagues with 740 runs — one more than the Phillies.

“It’s pretty amazing that the Mets have played over 10,000 games and we’re the first ones to do this,” Nimmo said, rounding up. “That’s pretty special.”

New York won its fourth straight game and for the 16th time in its last 20, maintaining a two-game lead over Atlanta for the NL’s final wild-card position and improving to 61-33 following a 24-35 start.

And they’re doing this without star shortstop Francisco Lindor, who hasn’t played since Sunday because of a sore back.

RELATED STORIES
David Wright is hoping Juan Soto helps Mets win World Series title that eluded him
Juan Soto free agency: Which teams are in the running? When could he sign?
Mets sign Jared Young to a 1-year deal, adding depth at first base

“We know we’re good,” manager Carlos Mendoza said. “We’re capable of having games like that.”

Vientos and Alonso built a 2-0 lead with first-inning homers against Taijuan Walker, who gave up a career-high four long balls.

After Trea Turner’s two-run homer off Luis Severino tied the score in the third, Nimmo hit a two-run homer in the bottom half and Alvarez had a three-run drive in a five-run fourth off that clanked of the plexiglass of the second-deck restaurant in left. Nimmo added an RBI double and scored on Vientos’ single.

Rookie Luisangel Acuña, a brother of Atlanta star Ronald Acuña Jr., drove in the 10th run with an RBI triple in the seventh off José Alvarado.

“We’ve had that trust and belief in each other all year and I think now it’s just coming into fruition, coming to light a little bit more,” Alonso said.

Mets home attendance was hurt by the summer 2023 selloff of Max Scherzer and Justin Verlander and this season’s slow start, down by about 300,000 from last year.

“When Citi’s a vibe and a fun place to play, we totally feed off that,” Alonso said.

After Wednesday’s win, Nimmo implored people to fill Citi Field.

“Mets fans, we need you guys to fill this place up!” he said shouted in an on-field interview heard throughout the ballpark. “This place needs to be rockin’ on Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday! We need your help! We need everybody to get out here! We need this place full! This is playoff baseball. This is what you guys want. Let’s go! Let’s go Mets!”

A crowd of 35,982 showed up, the most at Citi Field since a Subway Series game against the Yankees in late June.

“It was great energy and a playoff-type atmosphere. Very thankful for that,” Nimmo said. “We need more of it as we go down this stretch and into this weekend. We fed off of it.”

Just three home games remain before a trip to Atlanta and Milwaukee that closes the regular season.

“The more positive energy and the more people that are creating that hostile environment for the road team. I think that just helps us play play better,” Alonso said. “It’s infectious.”

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Go The Extra Mil...
YETI
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates...
This strategy game makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Gather Your Family for a Traditional Wooden Puzzle This Holiday Season
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Pubyfun
Advertisement:
Learn More
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
Talford leads Winthrop against Longwood after 21-point outing
Winthrop hosts the Longwood Lancers after Kelton Talford scored 21 points in...
AP News
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
See Results for Free New Cell Phone Offer Online Today
Cell Phone | Yahoo Search
Advertisement:
Click Here
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
The Heart Wind Spinn er Is Taking South Carolina By Storm
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolina By Storm
Glosrity:Advertisement
Learn More
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/mets-10-runs-3-straight-games-ad48d24efc69449cb72c47a99c568fcd 
 ----- 
