CLOSINGS & DELAYS: Schools systems across the DC area announce schedule changes for Friday. See the full list.

Close alert.

Breaking News: Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment

Close alert.
Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Washington Nationals » Quintana and Nimmo lead…
This article is about 4 months old
Quintana and Nimmo lead surging Mets to 10-0 win for 2nd straight blowout of Nationals

The Associated Press

September 19, 2024, 12:23 AM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print
Previous
Jose Quintana New York Mets' Jose Quintana pitches during the first inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Pamela Smith)
AP Photo/Pamela Smith
DJ Herz Washington Nationals' DJ Herz pitches during the first inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Pamela Smith)
AP Photo/Pamela Smith
Brandon Nimmo New York Mets' Brandon Nimmo runs the bases after hitting a two-run home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Pamela Smith)
AP Photo/Pamela Smith
Luis Severino Starling Marte Jose Iglesias Brandon Nimmo From left, New York Mets' Luis Severino, Starling Marte, Jose Iglesias, and Brandon Nimmo pose with a sign after Nimmo hit a two-run home run during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Pamela Smith)
AP Photo/Pamela Smith
Harrison BaderBrandon NimmoLuisangel Acuña New York Mets' Harrison Bader, left, Brandon Nimmo, center, and Luisangel Acuna, right, react after Bader and Acuna scored on a single hit by Starling Marte during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Pamela Smith)
AP Photo/Pamela Smith
Next
(1/5)
Previous
Next

NEW YORK (AP) — Jose Quintana extended his scoreless streak to a career-high 22 2/3 innings and Brandon Nimmo’s three-run homer capped a nine-run fourth as the surging New York Mets beat the Washington Nationals 10-0 on Wednesday night to finish a three-game sweep.

Luisangel Acuña homered again for the Mets (84-68), who have won 15 of 19. They moved a season-high 16 games above .500 and remained tied with Arizona for the second of three NL wild cards — two games ahead of Atlanta for the league’s last playoff spot.

“I’m pretty much convinced now we’re not in the regular season anymore,” Nimmo said. “We’re in playoff baseball and every win is extremely important. It decides whether we keep playing or not.”

Acuña, Mark Vientos and Starling Marte each drove in two runs as the Mets followed a 10-1 victory Tuesday night with another blowout of Washington. New York finished 11-2 against the Nationals this season, its best record against one opponent since going 10-1 versus the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1988.

“We’re close to the finish of the season and we’re in good position,” Quintana said. “We feel really strong.”

Quintana (10-9) allowed two hits, walked two and struck out four in seven innings to complete his season-long dominance of the Nationals. He blanked Washington for 21 innings over three starts — the most innings a Mets pitcher has thrown in one season against an opponent without allowing a run.

“He doesn’t throw many balls right over the heart of the plate,” Nationals manager Dave Martinez said. “He nibbles a lot, but you’ve got to get up there and be ready to hit when it does come over the plate.”

Quintana hasn’t allowed a run since the third inning against the Chicago White Sox on Aug. 31. His previous career-best scoreless streak was 20 2/3 innings in 2014.

The veteran left-hander has won four straight outings and permitted one earned run in 32 innings over his last five starts for a 0.28 ERA during that span.

“He’s been in the league for a long time and there’s a reason why,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “He knows that you’re going to go through stretches where it’s hard. And he’ll continue to find a way. It’s just basically trusting his pitches, his repertoire, in the strike zone.”

The Mets sent 12 batters to the plate against DJ Herz (4-8) and Jacob Barnes in the fourth, when they had their biggest inning since a nine-run fourth against Toronto on Sept. 11, 2020. Tyrone Taylor opened the scoring with an RBI double and Vientos — mired in 0-for-15 and 3-for-39 slumps — laced a two-run single before Acuña and Marte had run-scoring hits.

Nimmo followed Marte by hitting his second homer since Aug. 20, a 419-foot drive into the Nationals’ bullpen in right-center field. The outfielder had three potential homers sail just foul of the right-field pole in the Mets’ previous four home games.

“It was funny, Steve Cohen actually told me, ‘Hey, that one you finally kept fair,’” Nimmo said with a laugh, referring to the Mets’ owner. “And I was like, ‘Yeah, that one had no danger of being around the foul pole.’”

Acuña homered in the eighth — his second in two nights. A younger brother of reigning NL MVP Ronald Acuña Jr., the 22-year-old infielder is 7 for 15 in his first five big league games.

CJ Abrams had two of the Nationals’ three hits. Herz allowed seven runs in 3 1/3 innings.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Nationals: 2B Luis García Jr. (right wrist) didn’t play. He exited Tuesday’s game in the fourth inning after aggravating a chronic injury. … RHP Trevor Williams (flexor strain) is expected to come off the 60-day injured list and start Friday against the Chicago Cubs. Williams last pitched on May 30.

Mets: SS Francisco Lindor (sore back) missed his third straight game but played catch and ran Wednesday afternoon. … Rookie RHP Christian Scott (right elbow) will undergo Tommy John surgery with an internal brace added next week and will likely be out until 2026. Scott was 0-3 with a 4.56 ERA in nine starts before being injured in his final start July 21. … RHP Kodai Senga (strained left calf), eligible to come off the 60-day injured list next Wednesday, plans to pitch for Triple-A Syracuse this weekend and could still pitch as an opener for the Mets over the final five days of the regular season. … RHP Paul Blackburn (spinal leak in back) threw for the first time since making a rehab start Sept. 3 and hopes to pitch for the Mets next week. … INF Brett Baty (broken left index finger) went 0 for 4 with Syracuse in his first game action since Aug. 22. Mendoza said Baty could be a candidate for a recall by the Mets.

UP NEXT

Nationals: Continue their final road trip Thursday, when LHP Patrick Corbin (6-13, 5.45 ERA) opens a four-game series against RHP Javier Assad (7-5, 3.27) and the Chicago Cubs.

Mets: RHP Luis Severino (10-6, 3.77 ERA) starts Thursday night in the opener of a pivotal four-game series against the NL East-leading Philadelphia Phillies, who counter with ex-Mets RHP Taijuan Walker (3-6, 6.29).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Copyright © 2025 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.

Related News
Nationals and infielder Amed Rosario agree to $2 million, 1-year contract
Josh Bell and Washington Nationals finalize $6 million, 1-year contract
MLB panel cuts Nationals TV rights fees by 20% for 2024-26
Recommended
Here we go again: DC region heads into weekend with snow expected
Schools across the DC area are announcing schedule changes for Friday
In Virginia, crews work to make neighborhood streets 'passable' instead of clear
Related Categories:
	MLB News | Sports | Washington Nationals | Washington, DC Sports
Around the Web
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Cardiologist: Add This to Your Coffee to Turn on Fat Burning Mode
Wellness Wisdom Hub
Federal retirements, OPM's backlog dropped in 2024
Here's the advice Biden's top health official has for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
OPM giving two big data platforms a much-needed facelift
IRS workforce surpasses 100,000 employees, but faces ‘war of attrition’ retaining staff
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/washington-nationals/2024/09/quintana-and-nimmo-lead-surging-mets-to-10-0-win-for-2nd-straight-blowout-of-nationals/ 
 ----- 
