MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
White nails career-high nine 3s, scores 33 as Bulls beat Knicks 139-126 after honoring Rose
Updated Jan. 4, 2025 11:22 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CHICAGO (AP) — Coby White made a career-high nine 3-pointers and scored 33 points, Zach LaVine also had 33 and the Chicago Bulls beat the New York Knicks 139-126 after honoring former MVP Derrick Rose on Saturday night.

White hit 9 of 11 from beyond the arc. LaVine delivered his third 30-point outing in the past four games.

Nikola Vucevic added 22 points and 12 rebounds. Josh Giddey had 15 points, 10 rebounds and eight assists, helping the Bulls cap off a feel-good day on a winning note.

The team honored Rose, the Chicago product, at halftime after announcing in the morning that he will join Michael Jordan (23), Scottie Pippen (33), Jerry Sloan (4) and Bob Love (10) as the only players whose numbers have been retired by the franchise sometime next season.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Chicago outscored New York by 24 in the third quarter after trailing by nine at halftime, sending the Knicks to their second straight loss after winning nine in a row.

Karl-Anthony Towns led the Knicks with 44 points and 16 rebounds. Jalen Brunson scored 33, and Josh Hart added 16 rebounds.

Takeaways

Knicks: The Knicks have back-to-back losses for the third time this season. They have not dropped more than two in a row.

Bulls: The Bulls shook off a sluggish first half and dominated down the stretch.

Step into Winter with a Guided Adventure in Oregon
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert guide.
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing...
YETI|Sponsored
2024 NFL Wild Card picks, predictions: Back Russell Wilson Under passing yards
Geoff Schwartz is back with his best bets for Wild Card Weekend. Find out why he's backing the Bucs to cover the first half and how he's wagering on Russell...
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.
Key moment

The Bulls simply dominated the third quarter, outscoring the Knicks 41-17 to turn a nine-point halftime deficit into a 104-89 advantage. With the game tied at 84, they outscored the Knicks 20-5 over the final four minutes of the quarter, starting with a layup by Vucevic.

Key stat

The Bulls made 20 of 37 3-pointers.

Up next

Both team have home games on Monday, with the Knicks hosting Orlando and the Bulls facing San Antonio. ___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
2025 NBA Mock Draft 1.0: Debate at the top with Cooper Flagg and Dylan Harper
'I was not prepared for what I saw': Lakers coach JJ Redick details devastation from Palisades Fire
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Coby White
Chicago Bulls
National Basketball Association
Josh Hart
Jalen Brunson
Josh Giddey
Nikola Vucevic
Zach LaVine
Coby White
Derrick Rose
Chicago Bulls
New York Knicks
NBA - New York Knicks vs. Chicago Bulls - 01/05/2025
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/white-nails-careerhigh-nine-3s-scores-33-as-bulls-beat-knicks-139126-after-honoring-rose 
 ----- 
