OAKLAND ATHLETICS

Bunt-fueled 12th-inning rally lifts Athletics over Astros

Sep 11, 2024, 7:01 AM | Updated: 7:08 am

(Photo by Tim Warner/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FIELD LEVEL MEDIA




Sactown Sports

Daz Cameron, Max Schuemann and Nick Allen parlayed successive bunts into a two-run rally in the top of the 12th inning, helping the Oakland Athletics escape with a 4-3 win over the Houston Astros on Tuesday.

The Athletics (63-82) rallied against Hector Neris (9-5), the sixth pitcher of the game for the Astros.

Cameron opened the 12th with a bunt single that sent automatic runner Zack Gelof to third. Schuemann added a sacrifice bunt that scored Gelof and snapped a 2-2 tie. Schuemann reached on a Neris throwing error, and when Allen followed with a bunt, Cameron scored on the fielder’s choice.

Small ball, big results 🤷 pic.twitter.com/dEtmWjcLlJ

— Oakland A’s (@Athletics) September 11, 2024

Athletics vs. Astros recap

Jose Altuve opened the bottom of the 12th with an RBI double that scored automatic runner Jason Heyward, but Athletics left-hander Hogan Harris (4-3) rallied to strand Altuve at third base.

The Astros (77-67) clawed back from a two-run deficit in the bottom of the seventh inning against Athletics reliever Tyler Ferguson, with their bench leading the charge.

Pinch hitter Ben Gamel worked a one-out walk before pinch hitter Jon Singleton sliced the deficit in half with his first career triple, bringing home Gamel with a drive off the wall in left-center field. Altuve followed by dumping an RBI single into shallow center.

Oakland left-hander JP Sears had his start bumped up one day after scheduled starter Osvaldo Bido was placed on the 15-day injured list earlier on Tuesday with right wrist flexor tendinitis.

Sears excelled despite the change of plans, working six shutout innings for his sixth scoreless outing of the season. He allowed four hits — all singles — and issued two walks while recording one strikeout.

The Athletics struck in the first inning against Astros rookie right-hander Spencer Arrighetti. Back-to-back one-out singles from Brent Rooker and JJ Bleday set up an RBI opportunity for Shea Langeliers, who responded with a sacrifice fly to left that plated Rooker for a 1-0 lead.

Gelof doubled that advantage with a 416-foot blast to left field on the first pitch of the second inning. His 17th home run was the first of three extra-base hits surrendered by Arrighetti, who navigated pitfalls with inning-ending strikeouts to strand runners in scoring position in the third and fourth innings.

Arrighetti allowed two runs on seven hits and one walk with seven strikeouts over 6 2/3 innings.

–Field Level Media

Upcoming Oakland Athletics Schedule
Tuesday, September 10th-Thursday, September 12th – @ Houston Astros
Friday, September 13th-Sunday, September 15th – @ Chicago White Sox
Monday, September 16th-Wednesday, September 18th – @ Chicago Cubs
Friday, September 20th-Sunday, September 22nd – vs. New York Yankees
Tuesday, September 24th-Thursday, September 26th – Texas Rangers
Friday, September 27th – Sunday, September 29th – @ Seattle Mariners
End of 2024 regular season

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
Oakland Athletics

Brenden Nunes

Do new agreements eliminate any chance of the A’s staying in Sacramento?

1 month ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s GM says team does not plan to trade Brent Rooker

2 months ago

Field Level Media

A’s trade OF Daz Cameron to Orioles

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

A’s announce first pitch times for 2025 season in Sacramento

2 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Report: A’s to play on grass in Sacramento, not turf

3 months ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Here are the newly released plans for the A’s stadium in Las Vegas

3 months ago

Bunt-fueled 12th-inning rally lifts Athletics over Astros

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options

Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/mlb-oakland-athletics-houston-astros-bunt-recap/ 
 ----- 
