WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 01, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
YEARENDER
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Cricket
T20 World Cup 2022: Virat Kohli plays with kids before Indian National Anthem | WATCH VIDEO
T20 World Cup 2022: Virat Kohli plays with kids before Indian National Anthem | WATCH VIDEO
T20 World Cup 2022: Recently a video has gone viral where Virat can be seen playing with toddlers just before the teams gather in the dugout for the National Anthem. The video is a testament to Virat's mindset in the tournament and this certainly is helping him.
Written By: Jishu Bhattacharya 
@bh0592
New Delhi
Published : Oct 28, 2022 14:55 IST, Updated : Oct 28, 2022 14:55 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : TWITTER
Virat Kohli plays with kids

T20 World Cup 2022: The ongoing multi-nation cricketing tournament has been nothing short of a spectacle. With great upsets all over and emphatic victories, the World Cup has dished out moments to cricket fans that they can savor for the rest of their lives. From India inflicting a heartbreak on Pakistan to Zimbabwe upsetting the boys in green, we have seen emotions run high and tempers flare both on and off the field. World Cup is a stage where dreams are realized and the fans get behind their teams and this time around it hasn't been different.

Indian batsman Virat Kohli has come to his own in this ongoing World Cup and is still unbeaten. He was absolute carnage against Pakistan and played an innings that is a testament to his class, to his prowess as a player. The former India captain has amassed a total of 144 runs in the ongoing tournament and his form is contagious. It seems like Kohli's form has rubbed on the entire team. Recently a video has gone viral where Virat can be seen playing with toddlers just before the teams gather in the dugout for the National Anthem. The video is a testament to Virat's mindset in the tournament and this certainly is helping him. 

ALSO READ | Babar Azam reacts to loss against Zimbabwe, Twitter lashes out on Pakistan skipper

Watch the Video:

For over 3 years, Virat endured all the criticism that was thrown at him. Fans and experts all over the globe asked him to step down from the T20 team and go back and play domestic cricket. But it was grit and determination that helped him register a phenomenal comeback. Owing to spectacular performances in the ongoing World Cup, Kohli has managed to enter the top 10 of the International Cricket Council (ICC) T20 rankings. 

ALSO READ | Suryakumar Yadav opens up on Virat Kohli and how they plan

The former India captain, as of now is stationed at number 9 and as far as his recent form is concerned, it is almost certain that he will improve at the list, that too at a brisk pace. India now takes on South Africa on October 30, 2022, at Perth.

Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Cricket Section
T20 WORLDCUP
T20 WORLD CUP 2022
VIRAT KOHLI
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

Arvind Kejriwal writes to RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat, poses questions related to BJP

Who is Sivasri Skandaprasad, with whom BJP MP Tejasvi Surya is tying the knot? Know here

Jasprit Bumrah needs six wickets at SCG to break biggest bowling record for India in Test cricket

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

Kolkata Metro to impose Rs 10 surcharge on every ticket of special night train services

Apple iPhone 17 to launch in 2025 with major upgrades, never seen before!

'No heating, no light': Russia's Gazprom halts natural gas supply to Europe via Ukraine

Who is Sivasri Skandaprasad, with whom BJP MP Tejasvi Surya is tying the knot? Know here

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/t20-world-cup-2022-virat-kohli-plays-with-kids-before-indian-national-anthem-watch-videos-ind-vs-ned-india-vs-south-africa-2022-10-28-819477 
 ----- 
