English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / T20 World Cup 2022: India vs South Africa MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More

T20 World Cup 2022: India vs South Africa MyTeam11 Fantasy Tips, Probable XIs, Captain, Vice-Captain and More
With both teams eyeing 2 points from this match, this match has the ingredients of being a thriller.

SAURABH GANGULY
Author

Updated - 29 Oct 2022 11:21 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details
Date: October 30, 2022
Time: 04:30 PM IST
Venue: Perth Stadium
Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App

Preview:


India will take on South Africa in a crunch Group 2 encounter at the Perth Stadium on Sunday. While an India win would more or less help India cement their position in the semifinal after wins over Pakistan and The Netherlands, a defeat would extend their wait for a guaranteed spot in the semis. South Africa, meanwhile, would feel that they were unlucky to miss out on a point when their game against Zimbabwe ended without a result due to rain but did put on a dominating show against Bangladesh in their second fixture. With both teams eyeing 2 points from this match, this match has the ingredients of being a thriller.

Weather Report:


  


Pitch Report:


  


Analysis:


It would be criminal to leave out Virat Kohli in this form from your Fantasy teams. He not only walks into the Fantasy team with 144 runs from 2 innings but does not have an average yet as he is yet to be dismissed in the competition which makes him a great contender to be a captain or a vice-captain. Suryakumar Yadav and Rohit Sharma look like the other sure-shot selections from among the India batters. From the Proteas, Rilee Rossouw and David Miller can be considered among the batters.


Giving both Quinton de Kock (South Africa) and Dinesh Karthik (India) a chance in the Fantasy XI may not be a bad option but if the team combination allows only one keeper, go for De Kock who open the innings unlike DK who may only get a handful of balls to make an impact with the bat.

There are some great all-round options from both teams in this match. A combination of Hardik Pandya, Axar Patel and R Ashwin from India while Wayne Parnell and Aiden Markram from the Proteas can be picked. Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Arshdeep Singh, Anrich Nortje and Kagiso Rabada are the bowling options who can be considered for this match.

Key Players


  



People's pick:


  


Probable Playing XIs:


India:  KL Rahul, Rohit Sharma (c), Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya, Dinesh Karthik (wk), Axar Patel, Ravichandran Ashwin, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Mohammed Shami, Arshdeep Singh

South Africa: Quinton de Kock (wk), Temba Bavuma (c), Rilee Rossouw, Aiden Markram, David Miller, Tristan Stubbs, Wayne Parnell, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Tabraiz Shamsi

Grand League Fantasy Suggestion:
  
Head-to-Head Fantasy Suggestion:


  
Best 14


Wicketkeepers: Quinton de Kock, Dinesh Karthik
Batters: Virat Kohli, Surakumar Yadav, Rohit Sharma, Rilee Rossouw
All-rounders: Hardik Pandya, Wayne Parnell, Axar Patel,  Aiden Markram 
Bowlers: Bhuvneshwar Singh, Arshdeep Singh, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje

Disclaimer: The opinions expressed within this article are the author’s point of view. They neither reflect the opinion of SportsTiger nor advise anyone to make any prediction based on this. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility and liability for the same.

Cricket Fantasy TipsT20 World Cup 2022India vs South
LATEST NEWS

01 January 2025

Gautam Gambhir wanted Cheteshwar Pujara for Australia tour but selectors denied; shocking details revealed

01 January 2025

WATCH: MS Dhoni drops major update on his fitness ahead of IPL 2025

01 January 2025

If I play good cricket, I don’t need PR: MS Dhoni’s honest take on his social media presence

01 January 2025

Vikendi removed from BGIS 2025, BMPS 2025 and other upcoming BGMI tournaments

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/ind-vs-sa-dream11-prediction-india-vs-south-africa-fantasy-picks-probable-playing-xis-grand-league-head-to-head-pitch-report-match-overview-ind-vs-sa-t20-world-cup-live-at-430-pm-follow-live-updates-best-fantasy-team 
 ----- 
