SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
Sports
Sports
Friendly Games: Mauritania Coach Vies for Victory Over Morocco

Al-Murabitun want to make the most of this game to be ready for their upcoming match against Senegal.

Safaa KasraouiMar. 26, 2024 4:12 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Mauritania’s head coach Amir Abdou

Rabat - During a press conference held ahead of the Morocco-Mauritania friendly match, Mauritania’s head coach Amir Abdou expressed his desire to clinch a victory over the Atlas Lions.

Describing Morocco as one of the top teams on the continent, Abdou said that his team “seeks to earn experience, learn lessons, and clash with strong teams to deliver good performances against the Atlas Lions.” Moroccan cuisine

“It’s an honor to play against Morocco. We are competitors and we will also create problems for the Moroccan team with our own tactics,” Abdou stated.

“We’re aware that Morocco is an extraordinary team even though it didn’t go far in the last AFCON. Therefore, they will try to catch up on their level.” 

He further acknowledged that today’s game will be very challenging for his team as Morocco will be playing on its home soil and in front of its supporters.

Moroccan cuisine

This game is part of Mauritania’s preparations for its upcoming matches against Senegal and Sudan as part of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers, scheduled for next June.

The Mauritanian squad started a training camp in Marrakech on March 17 during which it played a friendly game against Mali and lost 1-2.

Mauritania’s Al-Murabitun will clash with the Atlas Lions today at the Adrar stadium in Agadir at 10 p.m, following Morocco’s 1-0 win over Angola in its first friendly game on March 22.

For his part, Moroccan coach Walid Regragui said at the pre-match press conference that “Mauritania is a team that’s growing up.” The Mauritanian team “can create problems for us and make us grow,” he said, emphasizing that “the match against Angola showed that we're making good progress.”

Regragui stressed the importance of making the most of this match against Mauritania to give more play time to other players, “as we will have to determine the official lineup by June.Moroccan cuisine

Read also: Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy in Morocco

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
Snowfall, Cold Snap, Thunderstorms Expected from Sunday to Wednesday
Morocco’s New Agricultural Season Shows a Promising Start Amid Challenges
At AU, 2024 Saw Morocco’s Continued Commitment to African Resilience
Morocco Records Compliance Milestone in Cannabis Sector for 2024
Morocco Approves 5% Minimum Wage Increase for 2025
Moroccan Banks Available This Weekend for Your Year-End Needs
Morocco Introduces New Support System for Soft Wheat Imports in Early 2025
Morocco, Huawei Partner to Launch ‘DigiSchool’ Initiative
Recent
Popular
Comments
Year 2024 Deadliest For Children Since UNICEF’s Founding

Floating The Moroccan Dirham: Challenges And Opportunities In 2026

Will Moroccan Banks’ Weekend Opening Herald End-Year Tax Rush?

Algeria Restricts Cellphone Subscriptions For Tindouf Camp Residents In Latest Round Of Repression

South Korean Crash Landing Claims 167 Lives

YOU MAY LIKE
Hakimi, El Kaabi Named In Best African XI For 2024

Former Raja President Sentenced To 3.5 Years In Prison For Financial Misconduct

Lamine Yamal Named Best Emerging Player Of 2024 At Globe Soccer Awards

Achraf Hakimi Has Become Indispensable For Luis Enrique’s PSG

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/03/361627/friendly-games-mauritania-coach-vies-for-victory-over-morocco 
 ----- 
