Sport
Mushekwi signs new contract at Chinese club

By Sports Reporter FORMER Zimbabwe international Nyasha Mushekwi has signed a contract extension with Chinese Super League side Zhejiang Greentown FC after another impressive season with the club on their return to the topflight league. Zhejiang FC confirmed the new deal in a statement on their social media platforms on Friday but did not specify

20th January 2023
Bournemouth among English clubs keeping an eye on Munetsi

By Sports Reporter ENGLISH Premier League side AFC Bournemouth and Championship outfits Burnley and Watford are being linked with a move for Zimbabwe international midfielder Marshall Munetsi, according to reports from France. The 26-year-old box-to-box midfielder has been making waves at Stade de Reims in Ligue 1, France’s topflight competition. Munetsi is one of Ligue

19th January 2023
Crystal Palace ends Man United’s winning run with 1-1 draw

By Associated Press LONDON: Michael Olise’s stoppage-time free kick denied Manchester United a 10th straight win as Crystal Palace salvaged a 1-1 draw in the Premier League on Wednesday. United looked on course to move up to second after Bruno Fernandes’ first-half strike. However, Olise’s goal in the first minute of stoppage time produced a

18th January 2023
Last-ball thriller gets series off to a flier as Zimbabwe wins first ODI against Ireland

By icc-cricket.com HARARE: The opening match of the One Day International series between Zimbabwe and Ireland came down to the final ball after a thrilling day’s cricket in Harare. Centuries from captain Andy Balbirnie and Harry Tector had boosted Ireland to a first-innings total of 288/4, with a rain delay cutting the number of overs

18th January 2023
Bosso midfielder Masuku heads to Botswana

Sports Reporter HIGHLANDERS midfielder Nqobizitha Masuku has joined ambitious Botswana Premiership side Jwaneng Galaxy on a permanent deal. The 29-year-old midfielder becomes the second player from Highlanders to join Jwaneng Galaxy after winger Daniel Msendami joined the side in August 2022 on a loan deal that culminated in a permanent move last month. Bosso confirmed Masuku’s switch

18th January 2023
Glimmer of hope for Nakamba at Aston Villa

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE international midfielder Marvelous Nakamba could be edging closer to a return in the Aston Villa starting lineup after recently returning to the match day squad during the team’s 2-1 victory against Leeds United at Villa Park last Friday. The recall to the match-day squad is a significant positive step for Nakamba

18th January 2023
Top Zimbabwe star makes international return for Ireland ODI series

By icc-cricket.com Zimbabwe’s T20 World Cup star Sikandar Raza will return to international cricket for the upcoming One Day International series against Ireland. The all-rounder missed his side’s T20 series win over Ireland after being allowed to in order to fulfil some of his franchise commitments, but is back in the set-up for the ODI

18th January 2023
Immigration paperwork complications delay Mutatu’s Los Angeles Galaxy debut

By Staff Reporter US Major League Soccer (MLS) side, Los Angeles Galaxy, is hopeful that Zimbabwean forward Farai Mutatu will be available for selection before the new season starts. Mutatu, the Galaxy’s first-round pick in the 2022 MLS draft, is currently in Zimbabwe due to complications surrounding his immigration status in the US. The 23-year-old

17th January 2023
Zimbabwe’s Andy Flower turns down Pakistan coaching job

By Agencies The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has failed to convince former Zimbabwe captain, Andy Flower, for the role of national cricket team head coach. As per reports, the newly appointed PCB management is looking for a head coach after the sacking of Saqlain Mushtaq, Shaun Tait, and Mohammad Yousuf. The management committee has been

17th January 2023
Liverpool’s season hits new low amid off-field uncertainty

By Associated Press All Jurgen Klopp could do was ask for forgiveness. The final whistle had just been blown on what the Liverpool manager would later describe as the worst ever performance by one of his teams, and Klopp had walked onto the field and over to the club’s traveling fans. Klopp put his hands

17th January 2023
Zimbabwe seal series win against Ireland

By Sports Reporter  ZIMBABWE captain Craig Ervine scored a brilliant half-century before Ryan Burl produced some sensational power-hitting at the end as the hosts held their nerve to edge out Ireland by four wickets in the final T20I at a packed Harare Sports Club on Sunday and claim the series 2-1. After Ireland made 141-9 off

16th January 2023
After being booed by own fans, Zim striker silences critics with late goal in Orlando Pirates win

By Goal.com AFTER being booed heavily by his club’s own fans, Zimbabwe international striker Terrence Dzvukamanja had the last laugh when he netted Orlando Pirates’ second goal in the stoppage time of their 3-1 win over Golden Arrows at Orlando Stadium on Saturday evening. The win ended Orlando Pirates’ three-game winless streak. Dzvukamanja, who has

16th January 2023
Makarati signs new contract at Dynamos

By Sports Reporter SOCCER Star of the Year runner-up Frank Makarati has finally ended speculation about his future after signing a new contract at Harare giants Dynamos. The 28-year-old central defender’s future at Dynamos was uncertain after his contract with the club ran out on December 31. Makarati has also recently been linked with clubs

15th January 2023
Zimbabwe Cricket shields Ballance from local media despite solid debut

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE Cricket on Thursday bizarrely turned down media requests for Gary Ballance to attend the mandatory post-match press conference despite playing a key role in Zimbabwe’s victory against Ireland in the opening T20I at Harare Sports Club. Ballance made his Zimbabwe debut as the hosts beat Ireland by five wickets in the

15th January 2023
Struggling Everton directors skip game because of ‘credible threat’

By Associated Press Everton’s board of directors were told not to attend Saturday’s home match against Southampton because of a “real and credible threat to their safety and security,” the English Premier League team said. The unprecedented decision followed “malicious and unacceptably threatening correspondence” the club said in a statement. Chairman Bill Kenwright, CEO Denise

15th January 2023
Chevrons set sights on clinching Ireland series with a game to spare 

By Darlington Gatsi ZIMBABWE senior men’s cricket team is looking to wrap up the three match T20 series against Ireland Saturday when they take on their bogey side in the second game of the series at Harare Sports club. Zimbabwe will head into second match leading 1-0 after easing past Ireland with five wickets in

14th January 2023
Zimbabwe Cricket shields Ballance from local media despite solid debut

By Sports Reporter ZIMBABWE Cricket on Thursday turned down media requests for Gary Ballance to attend the mandatory post match press conference despite playing a key role in Zimbabwe’s victory against Ireland in the opening T20I at Harare Sports Club. Ballance made his Zimbabwe debut as the hosts beat Ireland by five wickets in the

14th January 2023
Makarati signs new contract at Dynamos

By Sports Reporter SOCCER Star of the Year runner-up Frank Makarati has finally ended speculation on his future after signing a new contract at Harare giants Dynamos. The 28-year-old central defender’s future at Dynamos was uncertain after his contract with the club ran out on December 31. Makarati has also recently been linked with clubs

14th January 2023
All-round Zimbabwe make winning start against Ireland 

By Sports Reporter  ZIMBABWE made a winning start to the new season after winning the opening Twenty20 International (T20I) against Ireland by five wickets at Harare Sports Club on Thursday to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series. After producing a superb all-round bowling display to dismiss Ireland for a paltry 114 runs in

13th January 2023
Macauley Bonne rejoins Charlton Athletic after QPR exit

By eadt.co.uk LONDON: Former Ipswich Town striker Macauley Bonne has completed his return to Charlton Athletic. The Zimbabwe international has signed a deal with the Addicks until the end of the season, which sees him begin a second spell with the club he left in October 2020 to join QPR. Bonne’s career with the Hoops

13th January 2023

Tweets by NewZimbabweCom

Get Our Free Newsletter

Email Address *
First Name
Last Name




About NewZimbabwe.com

NewZimbabwe.com – The Zimbabwe News You Trust is Zimbabwe’s leading online newspaper and published by New Zimbabwe Media Ltd.

The platform brings you the latest breaking News, Business, Showbiz, Sports, Diaspora and gives you everything you’ve come to expect and love. Our Forums are vibrant and gives everyone a chance to be heard. On your computer, tablet smart phone or on our App its quick, easy and free access all the news you love.

NewZimbabwe.com is updated continually with the latest news to help you feed your addiction with stories & photos from Zimbabwe and many more!

Important Information
Terms & Conditions
Advertising Terms & Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
Discussion Guidelines
Contact Us
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newzimbabwe.com/category/sport/page/51/ 
 ----- 
