NBA
Chicago Bulls
Billy Donovan reveals unsung heroes from Bulls' 20-point comeback vs. Grizzlies

The Bulls got a lot of help from their bench in their big comeback win over Memphis.

By 

Scotty White

Oct 29, 2024 at 1:03 PM ET

The Chicago Bulls improved to 2-2 on the season on Monday night as they picked up a big win against the Memphis Grizzlies on the road. The Grizzlies were up big for most of the game as they led by as many as 20 at one point. Memphis led by 14 at the break, but the Bulls came out in the second half and erased the deficit to escape with a narrow win. A lot of guys stepped up, and Bulls head coach Billy Donovan was especially impressed with the bench.

Jalen Smith, Julian Phillips, Lonzo Ball and Ayo Dosunmu all had good games off the bench for the Bulls. Those four were a combined 8/13 from three and they combined for 36 points. That was huge for the Bulls as they made their comeback.

“The bench was huge in the middle of third quarter,” Billy Donovan said after the game, according to an article from NBA.com. “We (were) taking care of the basketball. I thought we generated good shots. I thought we responded and reacted a lot better in the second half (after trailing 68-54 at halftime). You're trying to make sure (of) the minutes (played). The pace of the game was really fast. Nikola and Zach played a lot of minutes in that first half. I felt like if we could get back into the game we're going to need those guys. I went with those bench guys. They really did a tremendous job. All of them played very well.”

The three-point shooting was especially good to see as that is something the Bulls have struggled with in recent years. The Bulls tied their franchise record on Monday night as they knocked down 25 threes.

Related Chicago Bulls News
Article continues below
Draymond Green gives Derrick Rose big Hall of Fame endorsement
2h
Wizards vs. Bulls prediction, odds, pick, spread – 1/10/2025
4h
Torrey Craig ex claims Megan Thee Stallion is not his ‘type’
14h
Patrick Williams rips Bulls over effort level in blowout loss to Pacers
1d

“I told you we’re gonna shoot ‘em,” Lonzo Ball said. “It’s a new brand of basketball for us, but it’s been good all year. Sometimes they fall and sometimes they don’t, but we at least have to keep taking them. We’ve got a lot guards, so we feel we should break a lot of teams down. I think we did a good job of that. Hopefully we don’t make it a routine getting down by 20, but it’s nice to know when you get down you can still get up and play. …Just got to stay the course. It’s a brand new team, a lot of young guys. Sometimes the shots are not going to fall, sometimes people are going to hit tough ones. Just got to stick with it through four quarters and I feel we did that tonight. Josh is a different type of player. I’m not used to having somebody out there as a point guard who can rebound as well; him being 6-foot-8 he gets the rebound and we can get out faster. So I enjoyed it.”

With the win, the Bulls are now 2-2 on this young season as they are hoping to get off to a strong start. This first month of the season is crucial, and if Chicago can get a win streak going, it would be huge.

The Bulls will be back in action on Wednesday night at home as the Orlando Magic will be coming to town.

Scotty White serves as ClutchPoints' Chicago Bulls and Michigan Football reporter, in addition to covering NCAA Football and Basketball as an associate editor. Scotty is a graduate of the University of Michigan and has been in the sports journalism industry since 2020.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
3 days ago
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
1 day ago
The perfect Nuggets-Heat trade that pairs Jimmy Butler with Nikola Jokic
17 hours ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
2 days ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
2 days ago
When is the 2025 NBA trade deadline? Date, time, players on the block
2 days ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
3 days ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
3 days ago
Billy Donovan
Lonzo Ball
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/bulls-news-billy-donovan-reveals-unsung-heroes-20-point-comeback-vs-grizzlies 
 ----- 
