skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketPakistan vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: PAK beat IRE by 3 wickets in Florida
Pakistan vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: PAK beat IRE by 3 wickets in Florida
Pakistan vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Earlier Imad Wasim and Shaheen Shah Afridi picked three wickets a piece to restrict Ireland to 106/9 in 20 overs after skipper Babar Azam won the toss and opted to bowl first against Paul Stirling's Ireland
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 17, 2024 00:57 IST
Follow Us
Pakistan's Shaheen Shah Afridi, right, consoles batting partner Naseem Shah as they leave the field after their loss in the ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match between India and Pakistan at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in Westbury, New York, Sunday, June 9, 2024. AP/PTI

Pakistan vs Ireland highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Composed innings from Babar Azam countered brilliant collective bowling performance from Ireland to help Pakistan win by three wickets in match 36 of the T20 World Cup 2024 at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground in Lauderhill, Florida on Sunday.

Earlier Imad Wasim and Shaheen Shah Afridi picked three wickets a piece to restrict Ireland to 106/9 in 20 overs after skipper Babar Azam won the toss and opted to bowl first against Paul Stirling’s Ireland.

With the win Pakistan move to third place with four points in Group A and Ireland will remain at the bottom winless. However, irrespective of the result both teams won’t qualify for the Super Eight stage. India with seven points and the United States with five points have progressed from the group.

Follow highlights of PAK vs IRE from Florida below.

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Match 36
Pakistan
111/7 (18.5)
vs
Ireland
106/9 (20.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Match 36 )
Pakistan beat Ireland by 3 wickets
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
T20 World Cup 2024, PAK vs IRE highlights: Catch all the live action between Pakistan vs Ireland Titans from Central Broward Park & Broward County Stadium, Lauderhill, Florida
23:44 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: PAK beat IRE by 3 wickets in Florida

Shaheen Shah Afridi hits a six in the end to finish the game. It has been a nervy chase for Pakistan nevertheless they got there in the end with Babar playing a composed hand. Pakistan's middle order has crumbled once again under the pressure as they have done through the tournament time and again. Credit also must be given to Irish bowlers and captain Stirling who did not give up but kept fighting hard till the end. That's it folks Pakistan ended their campaign with four points and Ireland remains winless both teams will go back and have a hard think about their combinations and team structures come the 2026 T20 World Cup in India and Sri Lanka. 

23:34 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 17.4 overs PAK 95/7

Delany bowled a decent over. Both batters have been looking to rotate the strike and looking to do it easily rather than doing it in a hurry. The spinners are not getting as much as Imad has got in the first innings but Ireland bowlers have bowled with discipline and maximised whatever was available. Remember folks irrespective of who wins today no one will qualify for the Super Eight this game is all about pride for both teams. We also have to wait and see if Joshua Little would come back and bowl the remainder of the over.  As we update Abbas Afridi departs.

23:24 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 16 overs PAK 90/6

The tension is palpable in the stadium at the moment. Though the run rate required is under control at the moment for Pakistan wickets is the concern. Ireland would believe the same if they can pick one more wicket they can spike up that run rate. As we update Abbas Afridi hits a six. It is the second six of his innings and a much-needed one. Babar Azam too is batting with composure here and he is taking this game deep. He will be aware that at some point Stirling has to turn to his spinners that is where he can capitalize on.  Delany is brought into the attack.

23:15 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14.1 overs PAK 75/6

Little is back on the field which is a good sign for Ireland however, Stirling needs to get three overs out of White or Dockrell which is where this might be decided. Also one more interesting thing is Stirling has five fielders inside the ring which is making it difficult for batters to rotate strike. Abbas at the moment is trying to do the same but is struggling to get the ball away. This has been a very Pakistani chase in this tournament so far which is making a mockery of an easy win. They fumbled similarly against India and they are going down a similar path again today. 

23:05 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 11.5 overs PAK 64/6

Imad Wasim is gone now. Pakistan is six down it is not a wicket ball but he timed it straight to the point. This is increasingly getting difficult for Pakistan. They need support from Babar Azam here on the batters who follow. The ball is not doing as much as it did in the first innings but it has been excellent bowling from Irish bowlers their pace variations have been top notch and have kept hitting hard-lengths and let the pitch do the rest. It is interesting to see how Babar will approach this chase from here on he needs to find the right balance between attack and defense.

22:55 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10 overs PAK 57/5

Fakhar Zaman tried to hit through mid-on could not get the timing right and scopped it straight to mid-off. And then Usman Khan who has walked in got undone by a ball from McCarthy which kicked up of hard-light hit the splice of the bat and point took a brilliant catch. And as we update Shadab Khan got strangled down the leg-side. It was hit-me ball on leg-stump which he knicked it to keeper. Now Pakistan are making a tough job of this chase. This is increasingly getting very very tricky for Pakistan Stirling would be praying Little can comeback onto field and bowl again. 

22:43 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8.1 overs PAK 52/3

Stirling has given the ball to Little and he took a couple of steps and is down with cramps. It has been a humid day here in Florida and it is a sand-based square which makes it a touch difficult for bowlers at times. We have to wait and see how long it will take for Little to get back on time if he will. As we update Little is walking back off the field that is one main bowler down for Stirling. Defending a smallish total this is the last thing Stirling wanted. The Irish skipper has brought him to create a breakthrough now he has to turn back to a less threatening option. As we update Campher comes in and picks Fakhar Zaman.

22:33 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 7 overs PAK 49/2

McCarthy comes in and picks Rizwan. It is his favorite shot for Rizwan to play the ball through the square leg region however, Adair tallest man on the field jumps and takes a good catch on boundary rope. Now Pakistan fans might start to feel a little discomfort about this chase as Rizwan and Babar are two main pillars of this batting line up and one of them is gone. All Ireland has to do is pick Babar then they would genuinely believe that they have a chance in this game. Also, it will be interesting to see how the pitch responds to the leg-spin of White. Imad has been getting a lot of turn in the first innings. 

22:24 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5.2 overs PAK 36/1

Adair gets the third over and he picks the wicket of Ayub. The left-hander tried to pull the ball got the top edge and Tucker ran back and took a lovely catch 3/4th way to the boundary. Babar Azam walked into the middle and Stirling immediately realized it was the important wicket he had put two slips. As we update Ireland has conceded four throwovers. This is the last thing the skipper and bowler wanted after picking the first wicket. This sloppiness is what has cost them games throughout the tournament. It is an important innings for Babar Azam.

22:14 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3.5 overs PAK 22/0

Finally a shot of aggression came from Ayub when he flicked one of the pads into stands for six. This has been a cautious start for Pakistan. They have not come all guns blazing but they are taking their time. Though the Irish bowlers have hit their lengths there have been not enough attacking fields put by Stirling to add pressure on batters which shows the lack of experience and creativity similar to the bat. Also how Stirling rotates his bowlers is important he might consider giving Adair another over as there is no point preserving him for the final overs.

22:05 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.4 overs PAK 6/0

Mark Adair has taken the new ball and he he has started hitting the hard length as expected but there is not the same moment as it was in the first innings as moisture has dried up. Mohammad Rizwan too is looking to play on the front foot out of the crease which is something we have not seen from the Irish batters this is where they needed to show some creativity as batters department through the tournament. Joshua Little on the other hand unlike Adair will try and pitch a few more balls up and look for swing but not just seam moment. Interesting chase this for Pakistan. 

21:57 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Shaheen Shah Afridi during innings break

I am always trying to strike early on. I was trying to bowl fuller and the inswinger. We thought the appeals were close. If you pick wickets in the first few overs, opposition is under pressure. The new ball might be tricky.

21:48 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: IRE 106/9 (20 overs) vs PAK in Florida

Ireland has got themselves to 106/9 which gives them a fighting chance if they bowl well. Pakistan started well in the powerplay and has been indifferent thereafter. Abbas Afridi especially has looked off-colour in his debut game. Imad Wasim and Shaheen Shah Afridi have been exceptional. It is going to be an interesting chase from Pakistan as Ireland does have the fire power with the ball which can create inroads. And the Pakistan batting line-up is heavily dependent on Babar Azam and Mohammad Rizwan if Ireland manages to pick them it is going to be an interesting contest. 

21:39 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18.4 overs IRE 102/9

The partnership between Little and White is now getting irritating for Pakistan what the pairing is doing cleverly here is they are not taking too many chances but pushing the balls into gaps and picking ones and twos. Also, Pakistan bowlers are trying too many things instead of bowling stump to stump and get that breakthrough. Ireland has now reached around that 100 mark not that it should concern Pakistan but once again it shows how out of ideas this team is in for different situations. Also they have been warned once for taking longer than 60 seconds to start over.

21:30 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 16.3 overs IRE 89/9

Ireland would be disappointed with their batting performance yet again in this tournament. Yes, the pitch has been doing a bit however, they could have shown a bit more resistance and been a bit more smart about their innings construction. They are not completely out of this game yet but they need to pick a cluster of wickets with the new ball like Pakistan did. Adair and Little both are capable with the new ball and can move it both ways however, the question remains will the pitch do as much as it is doing now in the second innings? However first things first Ireland needs to try and get to the 110 mark there and there about. 

21:18 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 13.5 overs IRE 79/8

Imad has created another wicket. It is his round arm loopy action that devices the batters to be slower through the air however, he tends to fire it through and that is what does the trick if batters have not faced him much. Once again Adair tried to whack the ball through mid-wicket got undone by the pace and it went high in the air. Shaheen Shah Afridi and Usman Khan both went for the catch without calling for it eventually the former took the chance and but both got themselves hurt nothing serious but if called well the injury could have been avoided. 

21:09 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 12 overs IRE 76/7

A bit of momentum swing happening here in the game. Both Abbas Afridi and Shadab are struggling to keep a lid on the scoring rate at the moment. Babar might consider using his another bowling option in Imad who is left-arm-orthodox and both Delany and Adair are right-arm batters. As we update Imad has been brought into attack and picks Delany. The ball pitched on the off-stump and started to turn into the middle Delany tried to work the ball on leg side got the top edge as ball stopped a bit and took the leading edge and went straight to point fielder. Imad who is not a natural turner of the ball seems to get a lot of turn on these surfaces because of the moisture. 

20:59 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10 overs IRE 59/6

Delany is playing a good hand here for Ireland. He has decided to counter-attack which has been his mantra throughout his tournament. Not all of the shots from him looked convincing however, when he went for the shot he went at full throttle. This is not concerning yet for Pakistan as the moisture might dry out as the game progresses which will make batting relatively easier in the second innings for them however, they would like to restrict Ireland around that 110 mark if Pakistan were to chase over 6 RPO given their batting approach and lack of hitter in Iftikar things might get tricky for them if they lose Babar and Rizwan early.

20:48 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 8.1 overs IRE 41/6

Despite the wickets helping in the early part of the tournament the Pakistani bowlers could not find the right lengths. They have been inconsistent which has cost them games. Though they had moments of brilliance in games with the ball if looked holistically they have been inconsistent. However, today they have looked a lot better. Shaheen who set the tone with the new ball in the first over looked up for it and Amir who took it from the other end supported him well. It will be interesting to see how spinners will operate on this surface when they get their opportunity to bowl on it. 

20:38 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 6.3 overs IRE 32/6

Another one bites the dust it is Dockrell who checks his shot and the ball seems to stop a bit and takes the splice of the bat and flies in the air for Amir to take a simple return catch. Both Pakistani opening bowlers have now picked five wickets combined. The lowest score for Ireland in World Cups is 68 and given the situation it is under threat. Yes, the ball has been doing a bit like it did in New York but the Irish batters have shown no application whatsoever. It has been a bit all too easy for Pakistan. As we update Haris Rauf picks Campher. 

20:29 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 4.5 overs IRE 25/4

The choice of reviews has been puzzling so far in this game. Pakistan has exhausted two of their reviews with a rush of blood and did not have a review to take when there was an actual edge that was not given out on-field later in the over Afridi pleaded an LBW which Chris Gaffney did give out and Tector had a long chat with non-striker and decided not to take a review and on replay,, it showed the ball was pitching outside the leg-stump and if Tector would have reviewed it he would have remained not out. This Ireland side needs a transition after the World Cup and it might start with shaking up of the middle-order.

20:19 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 2.4 overs IRE 15/3

Paul Stirling has had a campaign to forget. He could not adjust to the seam moment in New York; unfortunately, he found himself in similar conditions in Florida. He backed himself and gave room to clear the in-field through the cover region but got undone by the extra bounce and knick carried to the keeper. He would be utterly disappointed with his performance, which also seems to have percolated into the team who tend to punch above their weight in these ICC events. As per this game Ireland needs to build a partnership here and ressurct the innings as pitch is moving quite a bit and they too have good fast bowlers in their side.

20:08 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1 overs IRE 2/2

Shaheen Shah Afridi had a poor start to the tournament however, in the first over today he has been spot on. There is some moisture in the surface as it has been covered for a couple of days and that seam moment ensured Shaheen picked two wickets. First, it was Balbirnie who played away from his body and the ball moved a back touch and took the stumps off and then it was Lorcan Tucker drove the ball without any feet moment and got the edge to the keeper. Fabulous start from Afridi. He looks in excellent rhythm today and conditions are looking supportive as well.

19:59 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go!

National anthems are done it is bright out here in Florida given all the rain around for the last week it will be a touch humid and the wicket too might be a little damp to start. All eyes will be on the outfield for this game. Stay with us for all the cracking action coming up.

19:49 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch Report | Ramiz Raja and Waqar Younis

: "Right now, it's not ideal conditions, you see and feel the wetness underneath your feet (outfield). Dimensions - 78m straight down the ground, 62m and 67m square. It's not a perfect pitch because it has been sweating under the covers. The ground staff has done a wonderful job. Pitch looks pretty decent, there's a little bit of moisture in it, a little bit of grass on it and I think it'll play quite nicely. You can see the patches where there is a little bit of greenery, there'll be a little bit for the fast bowlers. Overall, it looks decent. More than the grass, it's the dampness underneath. It's soft, so the ball might seam around, so it might be difficult for the batters. Win the toss and bowl first."

19:38 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: IRE playing XI

Paul Stirling(c), Andrew Balbirnie, Lorcan Tucker(w), Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Gareth Delany, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Joshua Little, Benjamin White

19:37 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: PAK playing XI

Mohammad Rizwan(w), Saim Ayub, Babar Azam(c), Fakhar Zaman, Usman Khan, Shadab Khan, Imad Wasim, Shaheen Afridi, Abbas Afridi, Haris Rauf, Mohammad Amir

19:37 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Paul Stirling at toss

That's what we would have done (bowl first). Under the covers for a while, there'll be a little bit up top. Hopefully we can through that and put a score on the board. We put one on the board, got 1-0 up in the series (against Pakistan) and then didn't manage to go on and win it. World Cup brings a different scenario, another great game hopefully. Young misss out today, Ben White is in.

19:36 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Babar Azam at toss

We'll have a bowl first. Last three days, the pitch has been covered, little bit moisture on it. As a professional, you need to prepare for every match. We'll look to play our best. We have one change. Naseem isn't playing, Abbas is playing

19:27 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pakistan's poor mental fortitude

Vaughan also said Pakistan lack the mental fortitude to overcome India in the high-pressure games. Pakistan have now lost seven of their eight meetings against India in the T20 World Cup.

“Mentally, they have no clue how to beat India. That’s true. I could see it in the chase. They should have absolutely strolled that game. There’s only one winner because India knows how to win and they have the mentality to get over the line, and for whatever reason, Pakistan just doesn’t seem to have that kind of swagger,” Vaughan said.

19:19 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: ‘Babar, Rizwan not good enough’

Vaughan also placed questions over the ability of Babar’s T20I batting and was uncertain if he would make the cut for other leading sides around the world. “I don’t think they have the skill set of what I’ve seen in the past from Pakistan cricket in T20 cricket. I honestly don’t think they’ve got many great T20 players. Babar Azam is exceptional, but would he make England’s, Australia’s, India’s, or the West Indies’ T20 teams? Probably not,” Vaughan said.

Babar compiled only 91 runs in three matches with a 104.65 strike rate while Rizwan made 93 runs at 88.57.

19:15 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Vaughan questions Babar Azam’s skill-set: ‘He would probably not make T20 teams of India, England or Australia’

Former England batter Michael Vaughan has questioned Pakistan’s white-ball credentials after their T20 World Cup 2024 group-stage exit was confirmed on Friday. Vaughan also placed question marks over the range of talent of skipper Babar Azam and wicketkeeper Mohammad Rizwan after the pair’s underwhelming outings.

To stay alive in the Super 8 chase, Pakistan required Ireland to beat the United States. However, persistent rain washed out the tie in Florida, pushing US through to their maiden Super 8 spot alongside India from Group A. Pakistan eventually had to pay the price for a Super Over defeat to the United States and a nervy six-run defeat to India earlier in the tournament.

“They cant blame the weather. They should have beaten US and India. If they did, they would have been through to the Super 8s. I just don’t see Pakistan at the moment as a great white-ball team. Even when they went to the final in the last (T20) World Cup, I didn’t think they were a great side. They just did what Pakistan do. I’ve said earlier that they should have won that game against England,” remarked Vaughan on a Cricbuzz show.

19:09 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Congrats USA

Akram also congratulated Monank Patel’s team for the qualification as he said, “Congratulations to the USA, They’ve done amazingly well. When you talk about the globalization of the game, this is it. The USA qualified for the Super Eight, they deserve to be there. They defeated Pakistan, in their group match,” said Akram

In what was the first-ever game between them in international cricket, the USA beat Pakistan in the Super Over. Winning the toss and opting to bowl first, USA bowlers managed to restrict Pakistan for 159/7 in their 20 overs quota. With five runs required off the last ball, Nitish Kumar scored a four over mid off to level the scores.

19:05 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Ahmed Shehzad asks for removal of Babar and others

Another former player Ahmed Shehzad demanded the removal of Babar Azam, Mohammed Rizwan, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Fakhar Zaman, and Haris Rauf from the team. “For the past five years, Babar Azam, Shaheen Shah Afridi, Mohammed Rizwan, Fakhar Zaman and Haris Rauf, they have played together and this lot has got enough opportunities but they have failed to deliver,” on Geo News.

19:01 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Wasim Akram takes a jibe at Babar Azam’s men: ‘Congratulations to the USA… For Pakistan, what’s the plan? EK 601 to Dubai, to their respective cities’

The game between the United States and Ireland was washed out on Friday in the ongoing T20 World Cup 2024 at the Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground in Lauderhill, Florida. The result meant the USA qualified for the Super Eight from Group A alongside India and Pakistan got eliminated from the competition.

Former Pakistan cricketer Wasim Akram took a jibe at the Pakistan team speaking on ICC. “For Pakistan, what’s the plan? EK 601 (flight number) to Dubai, to their respective cities. From then, we will see what happens,” he said. Pakistan has a game in hand against Ireland on Sunday however, despite winning the game will take them to only four points meanwhile the USA after all their games is on five points.

18:56 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: PAK's ordinary talent

Even if Pakistan had somehow sneaked into the Super Eight, a title tilt was beyond their reaches.The Class of Babar 24 was not so much of a team as a collection of distracted, disenchanted talents, immersed in their own world. Even as charismatic a captain as Imran Khan would have struggled to ignite them to a winning group.

Imran’s 1992 bunch had a dazzling array of young match-winners who he guided, cajoled and howled to produce their best. Babar’s does not. In the end, the diagnosis was as simple as that. His team possessed ordinary talents, taking two or three out, performing ordinarily. Unless they come out from the dreamland of miracles, the dependence on accidents of fate, Pakistan would never fulfil their cricketing destiny.

18:51 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pak's downward curve

Still, it was highly conceivable that they would let the ball burst through their greasy palms. The fielding, especially in the slips, would make club cricketers blush. The catches they spilled, the half-chances they missed, the run-outs they didn’t effect, the runs they sieved through their palms should haunt them more than the miracles that did not manifest. Their rich legacy of spinners has been lost in the sands of time, as distant a heritage as West Indies’s lost fast-bowling stocks.

Some chaos was only expected. The concept of consummate march to the podium does not exist for Pakistan cricket. The odd fumble and stumble, the historic volatility, has only enhanced their lovability. But this time, even the chaos contained no fun or charm. If any, it only induced a numb ennui. They had long lost the thrilling madness about them. Even their implosions are less fascinating these days.

18:45 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: US pitches papered flaws

So much so that they would have been inadequate to meet the demands of even new-age ODI cricket, let alone the soaring demands of T20 batting. The sluggish nature of the pitches in the US seemed to mask this flaw of theirs. Pakistan, in fact, got to play on two of the better pitches in the US leg—the Dallas one possessed hardly any demons, and the New York variant against India was not as fiendish as some of the other ones in the venue.

It reflects so much of their colossal ineptitude that Babar Azam and Co failed to surpass India’s 119, imploding from 80 for 3, and that Shaheen Shah Afridi and his three horsemen could not whip up an apocalyptic storm to defend 159 against USA. Mohammed Amir still has the fingers to tickle magic, but in the super over, his nerves and precision snapped. He flung in the perfect yorker in the fatal Super Over, but his wides down the leg-side would have required a packed cordon leg-slippers to stop.

18:39 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: No miracle for Pakistan

Pakistan’s faith with miracle and destiny originates from the 1992 World Cup, a similarly rain-affected but thrilling tournament where Imran Khan’s men escaped with a point after being bowled out for 74. The point would later ferry them to the semifinals. The hair-raising comeback of the “cornered tigers”.

But just because it happened once, it cannot happen every time. Sport is too serious a business for random recurrences. For fortune and destiny to align and bail them out from every tight corner every single time. Rather, in reality, the team was destined for a premature exit, not in the first round perhaps, from the moment the selectors picked the team. There were more cracks in the squad than the holes in the depleted ozone layer. Batting lacked explosive power. In three games, they struck only 13 sixes and 19 fours. Running between wickets is a parody on Virat Kohli.

18:35 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: 2024 isn’t 1992, Babar Azam is no Imran Khan, rain sinks Pakistan

Rain should not intervene. Team A needs to beat Team B. Team C should lend a helping hand. The Net Run Rate should remain in control. On such accidents of fate and variables have hinged Pakistan’s fortunes in recent years. But hope springs eternal; the faith in miracles is unshakeable, till the last ball is bowled, till the precise moment they are mathematically out of the tournament.

It has become so routine for Pakistan that such emotions and attributions have lost novelty and romance. It has turned into a well-worn cliche. Pakistan, in the last group game, were on the brink, praying for divine intervention. So they wanted the rains to ease and the sun to shine in Florida. They hoped Ireland would beat the USA so that they could stay alive in the World Cup. That was not to be. Rain, and consequently, a wet outfield meant the game between USA and Ireland was washed away without a single ball being bowled. Pakistan, with one to go, were knocked out. The one-time World Champions had failed to clear the group phase.

18:29 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Do we have better cricketers than Babar and Rizwan? Shahid Afridi slams rumours about potential overhaul in Pakistan cricket team

Shahid Afridi has made a scathing attack on the rumors about potential overhaul in Pakistan cricket team after their dismal show in the ongoing T20 World Cup.

“We have been hearing much these days that eight to nine players will be removed from the team, it does not happen like that. You remove eight to nine players when you have that many boys waiting for their chance,” Afridi said on his YouTube channel.

“If you are talking about removing Babar as a player, then do you have someone like him?

“Do we have a player capable of replacing Mohammad Rizwan? These types of talks are done when you have a strong bench,” Afridi added.

18:24 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Haris Rauf, Pakistan pacer, after the win against Canada

Obviously, you make mistakes and see those mistakes and then obviously we try to reduce the mistakes that we have made. We have T20 players, and we believe in ourselves. We will try to play good cricket in the future 

18:19 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Mark Adair, Ireland pacer, ahead of the washed out game against USA

You arrive here and you're thinking, oh, we're in New York, we're in Florida, it's going to be sunshine, it's going to be amazing. But Newark was pretty tough. I think the travel and stuff wasn't ideal. Obviously where we were staying in relationship to the city was good for us if you want to go exploring or be a bit of a tourist. But obviously not ideal not seeing the ground in New York before the first game. Not ideal but again we move, we're used to sort of doing things on the fly and just getting on with it really. Unfortunately, the results didn't go our way, but I feel like we're better poised to put in two strong performances here in Florida

18:14 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: IRE predicted XI

Andrew Balbirnie, Paul Stirling, Lorcan Tucker, Harry Tector, Curtis Campher, George Dockrell, Gareth Delany, Mark Adair, Barry McCarthy, Joshua Little, Ben White

18:09 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: PAK predicted XI

Saim Ayub, Mohammad Rizwan, Babar Azam, Fakhar Zaman, Iftikhar Ahmad/Usman Khan, Shadab Khan, Imad Wasim, Shaheen Afridi, Naseem Shah/Haris Rauf, Mohammad Amir, Abrar Ahmad

18:05 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: On criticism from ex-cricketers

Imad, who as a TV analyst used to criticise Pakistan cricketers says his scathing cricket analysis was the need of the hour.

“I have always talked about cricket as an analyst. I have never talked about players individually or body-shamed anyone or anything like that. Cricketers have to do their job and analyse the cricket. They have to tell you what is right and what is wrong without getting personal,” he said.

“I think we should play the game the way world cricket is going. We should sort out the way we play the game, the way we should bring awareness, the way we should chase, the way we should approach the game. We will sit and sort out our approach. Other teams also go out in early stages, but I don’t think Pakistan have exited this way. We are extremely disappointed.

17:54 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Imad on his batting against India

Imad, who has been severely criticised for his batting approach against their arch-rivals in the run chase accepted that the loss to India would haunt him forever.

“The game plan was to take the ball deep. The wicket was not good to play. It was a little difficult. Unfortunately, my plan was going according to plan but not execution,” he said.

“Because usually when I bat, I take the ball deep. And if I hit any boundary on either end, the game would have been different. Having said that, he [Axar] did very well in bowling and he did it on the spot. He didn’t bowl too badly. Usually, under pressure, bowlers give you a ball and there is a margin. But I think I was taking the game deep and I was hoping that a new batsman would come and for that it is virtually impossible. But Naseem hit two good shots.

17:44 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Change in the mindset

Imad Wasim blamed players’ fear of failure for not being able to compete against the top teams of the world.

“The problem is our team is so good, our players are so good, that we are good enough to play any kind of cricket. We haven’t tried that but the thing is you have to try that, you have to get rid of the fear of failure. In everything – batting, bowling, fielding, you have to get rid of fear of failure.

“Personnel change doesn’t change anything, just changing the mindset can change a lot of things. The same ball can be hit for a six, a four, a single, and that same ball can take a wicket and be a dot ball.

“Personnel change doesn’t change anything, just changing the mindset can change a lot of things. The same ball can be hit for a six, a four, or a single, and that same ball can take a wicket and be a dot ball.

17:33 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Imad Wasim calls T20 World Cup exit as Pakistan cricket’s lowest point

All-rounder Imad Wasim has blamed the mindset of the current Pakistan cricketers for not being able to compete against the top teams of the world. The 35-year-old all-rounder, who came out of retirement for the T20 World Cup 2024 bats for a total reset in the way Pakistan play their white-ball cricket.

“I’m giving my personal opinion so don’t make these the headlines. It’s all your mindset. What mindset do you want to play the game with? You either play fire with fire, or you play your way,” Imad told reporters in Lauderhill ahead of Pakistan’s last match against Ireland in the ongoing T20 World Cup.

“I personally believe that you should play fire with fire. And even if you lose, you can sit down and say to yourself that on that day we were not good enough,” he said.

17:23 (IST)
16 JUN 2024
Pakistan vs Ireland Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog between Pakistan and Ireland. Though there is no significance in terms of competition there is plenty to play for for both sides. Both teams might look to axe some of the older players and blood in some young talent after the tournament and the foundation of those new-looking teams going forward might start to take shape right here in Florida today, so stay with us it is going to be a fascinating game of cricket and process to observe from both sides.

Imad Wasim on Pakistan cricket

Pakistan's Imad Wasim, left, reacts after bowling a delivery to India's Rishabh Pant during the ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match between India and Pakistan at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in Westbury, New York. (AP | PTI)

Imad, who has been severely criticised for his batting approach against their arch-rivals in the run chase accepted that the loss to India would haunt him forever.

“The game plan was to take the ball deep. The wicket was not good to play. It was a little difficult. Unfortunately, my plan was going according to plan but not execution,” he said.

“Because usually when I bat, I take the ball deep. And if I hit any boundary on either end, the game would have been different. Having said that, he [Axar] did very well in bowling and he did it on the spot. He didn’t bowl too badly. Usually, under pressure, bowlers give you a ball and there is a margin. But I think I was taking the game deep and I was hoping that a new batsman would come and for that it is virtually impossible. But Naseem hit two good shots." (Read More)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 16-06-2024 at 17:17 IST
TAGS:
Babar Azam
Cricket Live Score
Icc T20 World Cup
Ireland Cricket Team
Live Score
Pakistan Cricket
T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup 2024
World Cup Live Score
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Diljit Concert: Delhi Pollution Body Finds JLN Stadium Clean Month After NGT Order
Railway Police Head Constable Strangled, Pushed In Front Of Local Train Near Mumbai; Police Launch Hunt For Killers
Gunman Who Killed At Least 12 People In Shooting Rampage In Montenegro Dies By Suicide
Notes From The Nets: Rohit Counsels Bumrah, Gambhir-Bumrah Have Long Chat, Gill Gets A Tap On The Shoulder And Jurel Lines Up For Extended Session
TMC Councillor Gunned Down In Bengal’s Malda, CM Expresses Shock
How A Bipolar Patient Became A Doctor: Why Mental Health Issues Aren’t A Job Disqualifier
Samsung Has A Solid Reason That Might Convince You To Pick Galaxy S25 Ultra Over Pixel 9 Pro XL
Significance Of Rahul Gandhi’s Blue T-Shirt In Parliament — And Why It Is The Colour Of Resistance
Maha Kumbh 2025: How Is Maha Kumbh Different From Kumbh
RRB NTPC 2024: Exam Schedule Soon; Check Recruitment Process – City Slip, Admit Card, Exam, Answer Key
50 SIM Cards, Changing Locations: How Accused In Mumbai Hoarding Collapse Case Evaded Cops For 6 Months
Boney Kapoor Pleaded With Lata Mangeshkar For 4-5 Months To Feature In Pukar Song: ‘She Came To Hyderabad, Shot Late At Night’
‘Yash Johar Sent 52 Crew Members To Egypt Just To Shoot A Song, Used A Boeing 737 Like A Bus’: Nikkhil Advani Recalls K3G Expenses
Meghan Markle Makes Instagram Comeback After 5-Year Break. See First Post
Govinda Was Cheated By Producers, Reveals Wife Sunita: ‘I Would Tell Him That You’re Being Fooled, Fight For His Dues’
Rohit Sharma Opts To ‘Rest’ For Sydney Test, Jasprit Bumrah To Lead India In BGT Finale
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/pakistan-vs-ireland-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-36-today-pak-vs-ire-latest-scorecard-updates-9395578/ 
 ----- 
