Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Views
Sports
Business
Special Sections
Obits
Buy & Sell
Site search
SUBSCRIBE
MLB roundup: Rangers sink Yanks on walk-off slam
Reuters Sep 5, 2024 Updated Sep 5, 2024 Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Texas Rangers left fielder Wyatt Langford (36) rounds the bases after he hits a two-run home run during the seventh inning against the New York Yankees at Globe Life Field in Arlington, Texas, Sept. 2, 2024.

Photo by Jerome Miron-USA TODAY Sports/File Photo

(Reuters) — Wyatt Langford smashed a walk-off grand slam in the ninth inning, lifting the Texas Rangers to a 7-4 win over the New York Yankees on Tuesday in Arlington, Texas.

While facing a full count with the bases loaded and one out, Langford connected on a slider from Clay Holmes (2-5), sending it 407 feet into the left field seats.

Rangers rookie reliever Walter Pennington (1-0) got the last out in the top of the ninth to earn his first major league win.

Texas trailed 4-1 before narrowing the deficit in the eighth. Josh Jung, who went 2-for-3 with two RBIs, singled to drive in Josh Smith. Two batters later, Nathaniel Lowe's sacrifice fly brought Marcus Semien home to pull the Rangers within one.

Anthony Volpe went 2-for-4 with two RBIs and a run for the Yankees. New York starter Carlos Rodon struck out 11 and held the Rangers to one hit through six innings. That lone hit was a solo shot by Jung.

Phillies 10, Blue Jays 9

Kyle Schwarber hit a three-run blast in the ninth inning for his third home run of the game as visiting Philadelphia defeated Toronto.

Schwarber's go-ahead homer against Chad Green (4-5) was his 31st long ball of the season and gave him a career-best five hits. He had six RBIs. Orion Kerkering (4-2) earned the win thanks to Schwarber's late-game heroics.

Daulton Varsho, Addison Barger and Vladimir Guerrero Jr. hit two-run homers for the Blue Jays.

Dodgers 6, Angels 2 (10 innings)

Mookie Betts' three-run homer capped a four-run 10th inning and helped lift the Dodgers to a victory over the Angels in Anaheim, Calif.

Two-time American League MVP Shohei Ohtani played his first regular-season game at Angel Stadium since leaving the Angels for the Dodgers in the offseason. He went 1-for-4 with one RBI, two runs and a walk.

Miguel Rojas' RBI single put the Dodgers in front in the 10th against Roansy Contreras (2-4), who later served up Betts' homer. Michael Kopech (5-8) got the win.

Orioles 9, White Sox 0

Rookie Cade Povich pitched 7 1/3 shutout innings and struck out 10 as host Baltimore thrashed Chicago, sending the White Sox to their 12th consecutive defeat.

Anthony Santander and Colton Cowser each knocked in two runs for Baltimore. Gunnar Henderson scored three times out of the leadoff spot. The Orioles, who have won four of their past five games, led 7-0 after two innings.

White Sox starter Nick Nastrini (0-7) gave up seven runs (four earned) in 1 2/3 innings.

Nationals 6, Marlins 2

Joey Gallo slugged a three-run homer and Patrick Corbin won his third straight start as visiting Washington defeated Miami.

Corbin (5-12) allowed seven hits, three walks and two runs in 5 2/3 innings. He struck out eight. Keibert Ruiz went 3-for-4 and fell a triple short of the cycle as the Nationals improved to 8-0 against Miami this season.

Max Meyer (3-5) took the loss, allowing nine hits and five runs in 5 2/3 innings. Marlins right fielder Jesus Sanchez left the game in the second inning due to a back spasm. He got hurt stealing second base.

Rays 2, Twins 1

Logan Driscoll, making his big-league debut, singled in the winning run for his first major league hit to break a tie in the fourth as Tampa Bay topped Minnesota in St. Petersburg, Fla.

Coming off his strongest start since returning from Tommy John surgery, Jeffrey Springs (2-2) yielded just one run on four hits in six innings while striking out four and walking two for the Rays.

Carlos Santana homered for Minnesota.

Mets 7, Red Sox 2

David Peterson, pitching on his 29th birthday, struck out a career-high 11 over six innings and earned the win as host New York stayed hot with a victory over Boston in the middle game of a three-game interleague series.

Francisco Lindor, Mark Vientos and Pete Alonso all homered for the Mets, who have won six straight. Peterson (9-1) allowed one run on six hits and one walk in improving to 4-0 with a 1.81 ERA in his past seven starts.

Nick Sogard had an RBI single in the fifth inning and Enmanuel Valdez lofted a pinch-hit sacrifice fly to right in the eighth for the reeling Red Sox, who have lost four straight.

Braves 3, Rockies 0

Chris Sale pitched seven scoreless innings and became the first left-hander in Atlanta franchise history to reach 200 strikeouts in a single season as the Braves blanked visiting Colorado in the opener of a three-game series.

The Braves maintained their half-game lead over the Mets in the race for the final wild-card spot in the National League. Sale (16-3) allowed six hits and no walks, struck out nine and earned his first career victory against Colorado. He took over the major league lead in strikeouts with 206.

The Rockies have lost four of their past five. Kyle Freeland (4-7) pitched five innings and allowed two runs (one earned) on six hits.

Guardians 7, Royals 1

Brayan Rocchio homered and drove in four runs and Tanner Bibee tossed six strong innings, leading visiting Cleveland past Kansas City to send the Royals to their seventh consecutive loss.

Bibee (11-6) surrendered one run on two hits to go along with three walks and six strikeouts. Kyle Manzardo matched a career high with three hits while Will Brennan had two hits and two runs for the Guardians, who have won five of their past six.

The Royals have managed a total of six hits in two losses to the Guardians in the past two days. Kansas City has been outscored 39-17 during its longest losing streak of the year and has scored fewer than three runs in five straight games.

Cardinals 7, Brewers 4 (12 innings)

Michael Siani singled home the go-ahead runs in the top of the 12th inning as St. Louis earned a victory over host Milwaukee.

With automatic runner Victor Scott II at second, Ivan Herrera walked to open the 12th while facing reliever Elvis Peguero (7-4). Both runners moved up a base on a wild pitch and scored on Siani's single to left. Siani stole second, continued to third on a throwing error and later scored on Alec Burleson's sacrifice fly.

Ryan Helsley (7-4), who has a major-league-leading 42 saves, gave up the tying run in the 11th but logged a perfect 12th.

Pirates 5, Cubs 0

Jared Triolo belted a three-run homer and rookie Paul Skenes tossed five scoreless innings to fuel visiting Pittsburgh to a shutout victory over Chicago.

Pittsburgh's Rowdy Tellez had an RBI single and Andrew McCutchen added a sacrifice fly. Skenes (9-2) scattered four hits and four walks while striking out six before exiting the game after 100 pitches.

The Cubs mustered just five hits and struck out 10 times en route to dropping their second in a row on the heels of a season-high six-game winning streak.

Athletics 3, Mariners 2

Seth Brown hit a game-tying homer earlier in the game and later ended it with a one-out single in the bottom of the ninth inning to give Oakland a victory over visiting Seattle.

Brown went 3-for-4 and Lawrence Butler also homered for the A's, who scored a walk-off win against the Mariners for the second straight night. Hogan Harris (3-3) tossed three no-hit innings of relief.

Cal Raleigh drilled a two-run double for the Mariners, who lost their fourth game in a row. Reliever Trent Thornton (3-3) took the loss.

Diamondbacks 8, Giants 7

Randal Grichuk hit two home runs, Ryne Nelson pitched effectively into the seventh inning and Arizona edged host San Francisco.

Grichuk got the Diamondbacks rolling with a two-run homer during a three-run first inning, then added a blast leading off the fifth for a 7-1 lead. Nelson (10-6) permitted two runs on four hits as the Diamondbacks won for the second time in six games.

Mike Yastrzemski and Matt Chapman homered for the Giants, who fell to 1-3 on their six-game homestand. Kyle Harrison (7-7) yielded six runs on seven hits in 2 2/3 innings.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Rangers Yankees Wyatt Langford
WEEKLY POLL
Do you think 2025 will be a better economic year for the CNMI?

(This is not a scientific poll.)

Yes
No
I hope so
Not sure
Vote View Results
View More Polls
TRENDING
Real ID driver’s licenses to be issued again by February, DPS says
Local GOP challenges governor’s return to party
2 arrested for selling cocaine
Court quashes subpoena for Tina Sablan
Report: Settlement Fund payment funded by $31.3M bank loan
LATEST E-EDITION

Click below to view our latest e-Edition.

Page V-02
Page V-03
SPECIAL EDITIONS
CNMI SBDC Newsletter Issue 01
Best of the Marianas 2024
PSS Students First - November 2024 Issue
PSS Students First - Special ARPA Edition 2
TODAY'S ADS
07549 JKPL ITB25-JKPL- 42500024 011025
07698 MBI Anchor 121324
07832 CPA RFP 009 25 Airport Business 12122024
07877 Black Micro vacancy 122724
SECTIONS
Home
News
Sports
Business
Lifestyle
Local Events
Announcements
Obituaries
Opinion
Multimedia
Online Features
SERVICES
Contact Us
Subscription Services
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Promote Your Event
Email Alerts
Search
Weather
E-Edition
MARIANAS VARIETY NEWS & VIEWS
Physical Address:
Alaihal Avenue, Garapan
Saipan, MP 96950
Mailing Address:
PO Box 500231
Saipan, MP 96950
Telephone:
(670) 234-9272
Facsimile:
(670) 234-9271
ISSN:
2995-2360
© Copyright 2025 YAS Inc. DBA Marianas Variety News & Views Alaihai Avenue, Garapan, MP  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mvariety.com/sports/nationalsports/mlb-roundup-rangers-sink-yanks-on-walk-off-slam/article_3bdd1838-6ac2-11ef-9211-23f2759fac0a.html 
 ----- 
