Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
What’s Happening Labor Day Weekend: Phillies vs. Braves, August 29-September 1
Share
What’s Happening Labor Day Weekend: Phillies vs. Braves, August 29-September 1
Gates now open 2 hours before game time on Saturday and Sunday! Faith & Baseball Night with J.T. and Lexi Realmuto; Phillies salute baseball and softball champions including Little League World Series’ Council Rock Newtown Baseball WWII veteran honored on-field and ceremonial first pitch by Mt. Joy’s Matt Quinn and Sam Cooper; Plus, ESPN Sunday Night Baseball to feature Childhood Cancer Awareness Night presented by Nemours Children’s Health
August 29th, 2024
Share

Come cheer on the Phils as they close out August with a big series against the Atlanta Braves, August 29 – September 1. Here’s a look at some of the fan highlights surrounding this weekend’s games:

1. The series begins with German Heritage Night on Thursday, August 29, at that night’s 6:40 p.m. game. Mt. Joy lead singer Matt Quinn will throw a ceremonial first pitch, joined by guitarist Sam Cooper.

Before the game, the Phillies will host an on-field Salute to Champions, recognizing local youth baseball and softball teams that reached their state championships and above.
Championship teams being honored include the Council Rock Newtown Blue Dawgs, who recently advanced to the Little League® World Series as Mid-Atlantic champs, as well as the Boyertown Bear Cubs, DVYAA 8U All-Stars, Marlton 10U, Misfits, Neumann Goretti High School Baseball, North Penn Softball and Pennsbury 10U Falcons.
Fans can enjoy a pregame performance by Franklinville-Schwarzwald Männerchor at the Third Base Plaza as part of German Heritage Night.
World War II veteran Jake Ruser, 99, of Conshohocken, Pa., will change a base at the end of the 3rd inning as he is honored as that night’s Rothman Hometown Hero.
Following the game, 1993 National League champion Mickey Morandini will be signing autographs and posing for photos with fans at the Sports & Social sports bar-restaurant at Live! Casino & Hotel.

2. It’s another Lights Up // Friday Night at the Bank on Friday, August 30, at the 6:40 p.m. game!

Before the game, J.T. and Lexi Realmuto will host the sold-out Faith & Baseball Night, featuring a conversation about their faith journey and how the relationship with their faith impacts their daily lives.
Fans, age 21 & over: stop by the Miller Lite Friday Happy Hour at Miller Lite Liberty Landing offering specials until the first pitch.

3. The Phillies fun continues Saturday, August 31, at the 7:15 p.m. game on FOX. All gates will now open two hours before the first pitch on Saturday and Sunday home games.

The area’s top young sluggers who were winners of the Phillies Home Run Derby championship, held earlier that morning at Citizens Bank Park, will be recognized on-field.
Anheuser-Busch and Penn Beer will present a check to Folds of Honor, an organization that provides scholarships to the spouses and children of American’s fallen or disabled military members.
Join the pregame fun at the Budweiser Block Party at the Budweiser Batter’s Eye Bar behind Section 148.

4. The series concludes with the eighth annual Childhood Cancer Awareness Night presented by Nemours Children’s Health on Sunday, September 1, at that night’s 7:10 p.m. game on ESPN.

Be in your seats by 6:35 p.m. for the special on-field ceremony, featuring heartwarming moments and once-in-a-lifetime experiences for families affected by cancer. Click here for event highlights, which includes a lineup of courage, ceremonial home run, a gold ribbon in center field held by family members whose children lost their battle to cancer, and more.
Participants include those receiving treatment from Nemours Children’s Hospital, Delaware, as well as those affiliated with the Kisses for Kyle Foundation.
All children 14 and under will receive Phillies Gold Wristbands.
At the end of the 6th inning, fans will be invited to raise their gold ribbons in recognition of the fight against childhood cancer.
That night’s Phillies Charities, Inc. 50/50 Drawing will benefit the Nemours Foundation.

5. Last chance to bid on team-issued and game-used autographed memorabilia signed by former and current players as part of the Phillies Charities, Inc. Online Auction on phillies.com/auctions until September 1 at 6:00 p.m.!

Items are signed by Phillies legends including Larry Bowa, Steve Carlton, Ryan Howard, John Kruk, Cliff Lee, Brad Lidge, Mickey Morandini, Carlos Ruiz, Chase Utley, Shane Victorino and more; current players include Alec Bohm, Nick Castellanos, Bryce Harper, Brandon Marsh, Aaron Nola, Kyle Schwarber, Trea Turner and Zack Wheeler, among others.

More Need-to-Know Information:

Gate Openings: 5:10 p.m. on Thursday, Friday, and Sunday; 5:15 p.m. on Saturday.
NEW Phillies Live Audio: Fans at Citizens Bank Park can enjoy the Phillies 94 WIP radio broadcast in real time. Using the MLB Ballpark app, navigate to the “Phillies Live Audio” tile and follow the instructions.
Go-Ahead Entry: Enroll on the MLB Ballpark app for a free-flow ballpark entry experience that allows ticket holders the ability to enter the ballpark at full walking speed without stopping. Go-Ahead Entry lanes are located at the First Base, Third Base and Left Field Gates.
Access Tickets & More: Use the free MLB Ballpark app for your guide to Citizens Bank Park and to access tickets (including sports complex parking), forward tickets to friends, use the interactive concourse maps, enroll in Go-Ahead Entry and enjoy games.
Broadcast: Thursday and Friday’s games will be broadcast on NBCSP, as well as nbcsportsphiladelphia.com and the NBC Sports App. Saturday’s game will be on FOX; Sunday’s game will be on ESPN. All four games will also be broadcast on 94 WIP and WTTM 1680.
Mobile Ordering: Includes Manco & Manco @ Foundry Pizza, Miller Lite Liberty Landing, Pass and Stow and Shake Shack. Order your favorite menu items and skip the line when ordering through the MLB Ballpark app.
Bag Policy: In an effort to expedite entry, guests are prohibited from bringing non-clear bags, including backpacks and drawstring bags, into the ballpark. Only clutch purses and/or fanny packs (no larger than 5" x 7"), clear bags (no larger than 12" x 6" x 12"), medical bags and diaper bags will be permitted into Citizens Bank Park. All bags will be subject to inspection upon entry in accordance with Major League Baseball security regulations.
Uber RideShare Lot: Lot T is designated for Uber RideShare for all Citizens Bank Park and Wells Fargo Center events. Fans should exit the Third Base Gate and walk along Pattison Avenue toward Broad Street to enter the lot and request a vehicle, which will meet each rider in the designated area.
Parking: Please click here for a parking map. Parking for Phillies games is cashless. Methods of payment include credit/debit cards and mobile payment (Apple Pay, Google Pay). To expedite entry, pre-paid parking passes may also be purchased prior to the game.
Public Transportation: Transit services are also available; for a SEPTA schedule, please visit www.septa.org.
Traffic: Log on to www.511pa.com, www.511nj.org or call 511 from any phone to check traffic conditions.
Stay informed! Follow @PhilliesCBP on X and like the official Citizens Bank Park Facebook page.
Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

January 10th, 2025

HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

January 10th, 2025

What are these 4 Phils' chances at 2025 HOF?

January 8th, 2025

'Chasing Greatness,' Latest Phillies video yearbook, premieres tonight

January 8th, 2025

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/press-release/press-release-what-s-happening-labor-day-weekend-phillies-vs-braves-august-29-september-1-2024 
 ----- 
