MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Zack Wheeler restates Cy Young Award case in another dominant start against Braves
By Matt Gelb
Sep 1, 2024

64

PHILADELPHIA — There was a moment in the fifth inning Saturday night when Zack Wheeler wielded total dominance. It was subtle. Ramón Laureano whiffed at a 95 mph fastball for strike one. Wheeler got the ball back and, two seconds later, he tried to throw the next pitch. Laureano does not leave the batter’s box, but he avoids eye contact with the pitcher to delay the next pitch.

This annoyed Wheeler.

But Adam Hamari, the home-plate umpire, called time. He told Wheeler to follow protocol. Fine, Wheeler said. He threw Laureano a 96 mph fastball that he clipped foul. Wheeler took a new ball and fired a sweeping slider. Sixteen seconds passed between the foul ball and the next pitch. Wheeler missed his spot. It didn’t matter. The sweeper rode above the zone. Laureano swung through it.

“The brighter the lights, the better the command gets,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said. “The better the stuff gets. The better the execution gets. He just gets locked in.”

This was Wheeler’s game. He fired seven scoreless innings in a 3-0 Phillies win that extended their National League East lead to six games. It was Phillies-Braves at its finest — a pitchers’ duel with each team robbing a home run from the other. All nine innings felt important.

Almost every part of the Phillies has sagged in the last two months. Then, there’s Wheeler. He has a 2.38 ERA since June 22. He had a 1.61 ERA in August; he pitched at least six innings and allowed two runs or fewer in all six of his starts. Two were against Atlanta, one was against Houston and another was in Arizona.

He is firmly in the National League Cy Young Award race. Wheeler has been steady — not flashy — for the whole season.

“He flies under the radar,” Nick Castellanos said. “He’s not a pretty flamboyant personality. He doesn’t really draw a lot of attention to himself. But, I mean, if people want to go and dissect his numbers, all the substance is there.”

This is an honor Wheeler craves — he remains chapped about losing to Corbin Burnes in 2021 despite throwing 46 1/3 more innings than Burnes. Wheeler is open about this.

“I hope so,” Wheeler said. “It’s just one of those things — you come into this season and that’s one of your personal goals — to win that. I don’t think there’s anything wrong with personal goals. Because, if you set those, and you do well and you accomplish them or come even close to it, you’re helping the team a lot. That’s all I try to do every year — try to be the best I possibly can. I know that’ll help the team.”

Atlanta’s Chris Sale has been the Cy Young Award favorite for months. He has a slight edge over Wheeler on ERA (2.58 to 2.63). Sale has an advantage in WAR, as measured by FanGraphs. Sale has 197 strikeouts, the most in the league. Wheeler has 183. Sale has allowed only eight homers. But Wheeler has a better WHIP.

It’s close. Close enough to be decided by how each pitcher finishes in September.

Wheeler has made two more starts than Sale, who had some extra rest built into his schedule during the summer. Wheeler probably has four more starts to make his case. Sale has the narrative in his favor; he has resurrected his career with the Braves this season. He, like Wheeler, has never won a Cy Young Award.

Just add it to the list of compelling storylines to track in September. Wheeler won’t face the Braves again — unless it is in October. He has a 2.07 ERA in 104 1/3 innings against Atlanta since joining the Phillies in 2020. That is remarkable.

“You know what he’s got in his pocket every time you face him,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said. “You just hope he maybe makes a mistake.

“I feel like that every time he pitches, quite honestly. There’ve been times when you can grind some at-bats, get his pitch count up, hopefully keep the game manageable and get rid of him. That’s kind of the key. He’s hard to beat. Hope that maybe you can elevate his pitch count and try the next guy.”

But Wheeler made it through seven innings Saturday night. The Phillies have won 31 straight games when their starter has gone seven. As always against Atlanta, Wheeler was fastball-heavy. His fastball, especially up in the zone, always plays against the Braves.

“You can tell when he’s locked in,” Thomson said. “And he was locked in tonight. He’s a big-game pitcher. These types of games, you feel like you’re going to get six, seven, eight innings out of him because he just gets locked in. He pounds the zone like he did tonight. Maintains his velocity throughout his outing. All the secondary pitches were good. Threw strikes. He was really good.”

Wheeler, being Wheeler, shrugged afterward. He was happy with the results. He likes pitching well against the Braves — his hometown team.

But he was not that impressed with his work.

“Honestly, I didn’t know where the ball was going,” Wheeler said. “So I was just trying to throw as hard as I could and hope for the best. It was like 50-50, probably, where I knew where the ball was going.”

Huh?

“I don’t know,” Wheeler said. “I couldn’t pinpoint it. I did command the ball, but at the same time, it wasn’t like I wanted it to be.”

These are the nights that fuel the Phillies as October nears. They know it has been less than perfect for the last two months. They opened the door for the Braves, although a win Sunday would quell that talk. They have made obtaining a first-round bye more difficult. But, when the moment comes, the Phillies tend to rise to it. There are real scars from last October when a sure-fire pennant slipped from their grasp.

But then it feels like it did Saturday — because Wheeler was on the mound.

“I just pride myself on big games and big moments,” Wheeler said. “The crowd was electric out there tonight and I was feeling it. Every time they’re out there and I’m out there, it’s really cool to be a part of. They just brought the electricity tonight, and I was just trying to match it.”

Consider it done.

(Photo: Tim Nwachukwu / Getty Images)

Matt Gelb is a senior writer for The Athletic covering the Philadelphia Phillies. He has covered the team since 2010 while at The Philadelphia Inquirer, including a yearlong pause from baseball as a reporter on the city desk. He is a graduate of Syracuse University and Central Bucks High School West.

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5737123/2024/08/31/zack-wheeler-cy-young-award/ 
 ----- 
