Skip to Content
Cart
0
items
Toggle Nav
Search
 Menu
PRODUCTS
SOLUTIONS
AMBIENT WEATHER NETWORK
ABOUT KESTRELMET
SUPPORT
CONTACT
Account
HOME
KESTRELMET BLOG
KestrelMet Blog
Catch Every Weather Detail with the AWN Weather Window: A Must-Have for KestrelMet Owners

 March 26, 2024

Are you a KestrelMet 6000 station owner or simply a weather enthusiast? Then you're in for a treat with the AWN Weather Window, your new go-to gadget for all things weather-related. This vibrant LCD tool is more than just a display; it's your personalized weather hub right in your home. The AWN Weather Window Experience This sleek weather ...
Read more...
KestrelMet.net is now AmbientWeather.net

 November 27, 2023

Important Update: The Online Dashboard for KestrelMet Station Owners is Moving to Ambient Weather Network platform We are excited to announce a significant improvement to your KestrelMet weather station experience. The new online platform and app, Ambient Weather Network (AWN), will soon replace the existing KestrelMet.net portal. This upgrade...
Read more...
Pre-Construction Wind & Precipitation Monitoring for Building Sites with the KestrelMet 6000 Weather Station

 August 9, 2023

Using a KestrelMet® 6000 weather station can provide valuable information about the local weather, including temperature highs and lows, precipitation patterns, and wind conditions. This data can help you determine if the site is suitable for the type of house or facility you are planning to build, as well as identify any potential issues that ...
Read more...
Sustainable Practices and Integrated Pest Management at Apple Hill Farm

 June 20, 2023

In the serene landscapes of Concord, New Hampshire, nestled amidst lush greenery, lies the Apple Hill Farm, a picturesque family-owned and operated farm. With a long history and a loyal customer following, this farm has embraced cutting-edge technology in the form of the KestrelMet 6000 AG weather station. With its advanced capabilities, this ...
Read more...
Weather Monitoring for Landfills & Waste Management

 June 16, 2023

Weather conditions have a significant impact on landfill and waste management operations. From slippery roads to heavy snowfall and disruptive winds, weather plays a crucial role in the daily operations of waste management. That's why having access to accurate and up-to-date weather information for your area is essential. KestrelMet weather ...
Read more...
Join the Ambient Weather Community: The Ultimate Platform for Monitoring and Sharing Weather Data

 May 17, 2023

Are you a weather enthusiast looking for a reliable and easy-to-use platform for monitoring weather conditions? Look no further than the Ambient Weather Network (AWN) online portal and AWN app for iOS and Android. The AWN personalized dashboard provides KestrelMet 6000 station owners with remote access to sensor data, viewing trends and charts, ...
Read more...
How Weather Affects Mosquito Activity and Mosquito Control Plans

 May 10, 2023

Mosquitoes are a pesky problem in many parts of the world, and they can carry serious diseases such as malaria, dengue fever, and Zika virus. Mosquito abatement is an important public health measure that involves reducing mosquito populations in order to minimize the risk of disease transmission. One tool that can be used for mosquito abatement is ...
Read more...
What is a Rain Gauge? Why and How Rainfall Totals Matter

 May 1, 2023

Rainfall is an important part of measuring the local weather, as it is a key factor in successful agriculture and even predicting severe weather. But how do you measure rainfall, and how can you make sure it's accurate? One answer lies within the rain gauge. A rain gauge is a device used to measure and record rainfall. This review explains what you...
Read more...
Agriculture Weather Stations Help Growers Make Effective Pest Management Decisions

 March 1, 2023

Growers have their fair share of obstacles in managing crop health, pests, and irrigation decisions. While a fertilizer shortage is at the top-of-mind for many farmers, another looming issue is the upcoming pest problem that the warmer seasons bring. That’s why having reliable, accurate data about your local weather conditions is so ...
Read more...
Philadelphia Public Schools use the KestrelMet 6000 Weather Station to Enhance STEM Learning & Connect Kids with Nature

 February 24, 2023

Image credit for all photography featured: Chris Baker Evans Philadelphia school students are using the KestrelMet 6000 weather station to learn about nature and develop deeper relationships with the world outside. Grid Magazine recently featured a story about how students at Penn Alexander School study nature and weather patterns in their ...
Read more...
Page
You're currently reading page
1
 
Page
2
 
Page
3
 
Page
Next
Show 
10
20
50
Recent Posts
Catch Every Weather Detail with the AWN Weather Window: A Must-Have for KestrelMet Owners
KestrelMet.net is now AmbientWeather.net
Pre-Construction Wind & Precipitation Monitoring for Building Sites with the KestrelMet 6000 Weather Station
Sustainable Practices and Integrated Pest Management at Apple Hill Farm
Weather Monitoring for Landfills & Waste Management
 RSS Feed
CONTACT US
HOURS
Mon-Fri: 9am-5pm EST


Privacy Policy | Terms of Service

© 2024 Nielsen-Kellerman Co.

COMPANY
About KestrelMet
KestrelMet Warranty and Return Policy
Blog
Patents & Trademarks
Press Releases
Compliance Statements
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Support
Shipping Policy
Contact
SHOP NOW
Agricultural Weather Systems
Industrial Weather Systems
Personal Weather Stations
CONTACT KESTRELMET
Contact KestrelMet
    

Cookie Settings

We use cookies on this website to improve your shopping experience. We use cookies to remember log-in details and provide secure log-in, collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests. Click accept to give your consent to accept cookies and go directly to the site, or click on Learn More to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies we store.

Accept
Decline
Show more
Learn more
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kestrelmet.com/blog?srsltid=AfmBOoqNDxvqYK50RRKHq48Xx3i5MqtDujy76sO_CeoUgiNBtqSV0grM 
 ----- 
