Skip to content
THE AVOCADO
PRIMARY MENU
SEARCH
OPEN THREADS
The Boss Bunny Night Thread Has QUIT!

The Berenstain Bears’ Easter Surprise is a 1981 TV special which, as the title would suggest, focuses on the Berenstain Bears. It takes place before Sister was around and–SPOILER ALERT–ends with her being born on Easter Sunday. But that’s only part of the plot. The main storyline involves Bear Country being thrown into heartbroken disarray when Boss Bunny, the Easter Bunny, announces he is quitting the holiday, so it is up to Brother/Small Bear to find the cranky old rabbit and motivate him to get off of his cotton-tailed ass to give everyone chocolate. Because there will be no spring for some reason if he doesn’t, which presumably also means that Mama Bear will remain pregnant forever, and Papa Bear will stay an idiot who somehow has managed to stay alive all these years against all odds (oh wait, that last part wouldn’t change regardless).

Awesome that NBC supported Pride long before it was cool.

These days, like it or not, The Berenstain Bears are incredibly religious, but fortunately that hasn’t always been the case, so Easter Surprise contains no mention of Jesus Bear. It is, however, told entirely in rhyme, and features Papa Bear nearly getting himself killed over and over again, because really, this guy probably shouldn’t be a parent. There’s nice animation, bouncy songs, and it all breezes by pretty quickly, which may be why I watched this thing over and over again as a kid. I’m still not sure why “Boss Bunny” controls the passing of seasons, but hey, if it’s the reason we all get jellybeans every year, then I’m all for it.

Have a great night, y’all!

Related

Gadzooks! It’s a Gadzooks Night Thread!
April 17, 2022

The Harry the Easter Bunny Night Thread Wants Your Money (But Totally for Charity, Okay?)
March 31, 2023

The Mother’s Day Thread Offers You Some Easter Eggs
May 12, 2024

MARCH 25, 2024
SCRATSTITCH
NIGHT THREAD
SHARE THIS:
EMAIL
LIKE THIS:
LOADING...
Post navigation
PREVIOUS
Previous post:
Jeopardy! recap for Mon., Mar. 25
NEXT
Next post:
Triviacados: Tuesday, March 26, 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://the-avocado.org/2024/03/25/the-boss-bunny-night-thread-has-quit/ 
 ----- 
