Monday, December 30, 2024
Contact
Search
HOME
NEWS
YOUNG PROFESSIONALS
LOCAL POLITICS
UP'S MOVIE SCHEDULE
CARTOON
CLASSIFIED ADS
ADS
ABOUT
LIST NEWS:
[BY SCOPE]
[BY ISLANDS]
                              Got TIPS or BREAKING NEWS? Please call 1-284-442-8000 direct/can also WhatsApp same number or Email ALL news to:newsvino@outlook.com;                               ads call 1-284-440-6666
You are here: Virgin Islands News Online » News » VI draw 1-1 with USVI to take slight advantage in World Cup Qualifier
VI draw 1-1 with USVI to take slight advantage in World Cup Qualifier
-return leg is slated for A.O. Shirley Ground on March 26, 2024
March 24th, 2024 | Tags: CONCACAF USVI Hugo Costa Liziario World Cup Qualification Jett Blaschka BVI
Email this Article
The [British] Virgin Islands (VI) came away from a tough CONCACAF first-round Qualifier for the FIFA World Cup 2026 against the US Virgin Islands (USVI) with a 1-1 draw on March 22, 2024, giving them the slight edge ahead of the second leg on Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Tortola. Photo: BVIFA
Hugo Costa Liziario fired into the net from close-range to earn the [British] Virgin Islands a crucial away goal and a 1-1 draw with the US Virgin Islands in St Croix, USVI on March 22, 2024. Photo: BVIFA.
The [British] Virgin returned from the US Virgin Islands on March 23, 2024. Photo: BVIFA/Facebook
UPPER BETHLEHEM, St Croix, USVI- The [British] Virgin Islands (VI) came away from a tough CONCACAF first-round Qualifier for the FIFA World Cup 2026 against the US Virgin Islands (USVI) with a 1-1 draw on March 22, 2024, giving them the slight edge ahead of the second leg on Tuesday, March 26, 2024, in Tortola.

The game hosted by the USVI at the Bethlehem Sports Complex in St Croix, unfolded as a cat and mouse game between two evenly matched sides and few clear-cut chances, especially in the first half.

The hosts began to exert some authority in the early stages of the second half, perhaps cheered on by the vocal home crowd, and took the lead in the 73rd minute when a long throw-in was headed in the area and fell perfectly for Jett Blaschka, who chested the ball to himself and fired a left-footed shot into the net for a 1-0 USVI lead.

The VI sought a response and pushed hard for an equaliser, yet the USVI defense was doing the job and looked set to secure a clean sheet victory.

Hugo Costa Liziario saves the day!

However, Hugo Costa Liziario had other plans and in the second minute of second-half stoppage time. The VI attacker fired into the net from close-range to earn his side a crucial away goal and a 1-1 draw.

“It was a good game, and we did well, probably creating more chances overall than our opponents,” commented Liziario. “I was pleased to be able to help the team with a goal on debut and it’s all up for grabs on Tuesday.”

Progression for either the VI or USVI will see the winner move on to Group E, along with Jamaica, Guatemala, Dominican Republic, and Dominica in the second round of qualifying.

Anguilla breaks 11-match losing streak

The action started Friday with Anguilla and Turks and Caicos Islands playing to a 0-0 draw at the Raymond E. Guishard Stadium in The Valley, Anguilla.

The result halts an 11-match losing streak for Anguilla in World Cup Qualifying.

VI's road to World Cup Qualification

The North, Central American and Caribbean section of the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification will act as the qualifiers for the 2026 FIFA World Cup, to be held in Canada, Mexico and the United States, for national teams which are members of the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF).

Three direct slots and two inter-confederation play-off slots in the final tournament were available for CONCACAF teams.

Tuesday’s second leg at the A.O. Shirley Ground kicks off at 3:00 PM, with tickets still available at just $10 (school children in their uniform can get in for free). 

VI Squad: Simon Cross, Mekhi Waters, Frankie Beckles, K. Troy Ceasar, Phil Nelson, Jerry Wiltshire, Kristian Javier, Justin Smith, Miguel Marshall, Taylor Scarff, Jaden Abrams, Ikyjah Williams, Robbie Green, T’Sharne Gallimore, Luka E. Chalwell, Carlos Septus, Tai Thomas, Josh Bertie, Tyler Forbes, Adrian Padilla, Johari Lacey, Levon Williams, Hugo Costa Liziario, Azarni Callwood and Alejandro Santos.

3 Responses to “VI draw 1-1 with USVI to take slight advantage in World Cup Qualifier”
… (24/03/2024, 14:53) Like (2) Dislike (0)
Reply
Let’s go bvi
Anonymous (25/03/2024, 03:31) Like (0) Dislike (0)
Reply
The Shield was already in the bag,
Awesome (25/03/2024, 09:13) Like (0) Dislike (0)
Reply
good job guys!



Create a comment
Nickname: 
You comment:

Submit comment
Disclaimer: Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) welcomes your thoughts, feedback, views, bloggs and opinions. However, by posting a blogg you are agreeing to post comments or bloggs that are relevant to the topic, and that are not defamatory, liable, obscene, racist, abusive, sexist, anti-Semitic, threatening, hateful or an invasion of privacy. Violators may be excluded permanently from making contributions. Please view our declaimer above this article. We thank you in advance for complying with VINO's policy.
Follow Us On
  
Disclaimer: All comments posted on Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) are the sole views and opinions of the commentators and or bloggers and do not in anyway represent the views and opinions of the Board of Directors, Management and Staff of Virgin Islands News Online and its parent company.
Home | News | Events | Cruise Ship Schedule | Classified Ads
© 2012 Advance Marketing & Professional Services
Designed & developed by Back2Flash.com

This online news site is the sole property of and is operated by Advance Marketing and Professional Services dba Virgin Islands News Online (VINO) in the Virgin Islands. The content, which includes all articles, photographs, advertisements, bloggs and graphic images, are copyrighted by Virgin Islands News Online and/or the original copyright holder.

It is therefore illegal to use, reproduce, rewrite, amend or plagiarise any items found on this online news site without the expressed permission of the Board of Directors or Management of VINO. Failure to comply could lead to legal actions.

© 2012 / All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.virginislandsnewsonline.com/en/news/vi-draw-1-1-with-usvi-to-take-slight-advantage-in-world-cup-qualifier 
 ----- 
