01 January, 2025 (Wednesday)

 Latest Updates  Web Stories  Shots

Today's E-Paper

Mid-day Gujarati Inquilab Mid-day Hindi
SUBSCRIBE
 Mumbai News Entertainment Celebrity Life Sports Lifestyle Photos Podcast Timepass Sunday Mid-Day Mumbai Guide Videos Events
Yearenders Bigg Boss 18 Mid-Day Gold Bollywood News Crime News City News Horoscope Careers at Mid-Day
Breaking News
Local train services disrupted on Virar-Nalasopara line after track buckling
Police failed to arrest Walmik Karad, CM must resign: Congress
Beed sarpanch murder: Won't tolerate 'gunda raj', nobody will be spared, says CM
Robust security in place on New Year's Eve, over 14,000 personnel deployed
Air pollution: No fresh permissions in Mumbai for road excavation
Local train services disrupted on Virar-Nalasopara line after track buckling
Police failed to arrest Walmik Karad, CM must resign: Congress
Beed sarpanch murder: Won't tolerate 'gunda raj', nobody will be spared, says CM
Robust security in place on New Year's Eve, over 14,000 personnel deployed
Air pollution: No fresh permissions in Mumbai for road excavation
Local train services disrupted on Virar-Nalasopara line after track buckling
Police failed to arrest Walmik Karad, CM must resign: Congress
Beed sarpanch murder: Won't tolerate 'gunda raj', nobody will be spared, says CM
Robust security in place on New Year's Eve, over 14,000 personnel deployed
Air pollution: No fresh permissions in Mumbai for road excavation
Home > Sports News > Cricket News > Article > T20 World Cup stepping stone to building US fanbase for Olympics
T20 World Cup 'stepping stone' to building US fanbase for Olympics

Updated on: 03 May,2024 05:02 PM IST  |  New Delhi
mid-day online correspondent |

Share:    Linked Follow Us notifi
Text    
Top

The showpiece 20-over event will be co-hosted by the West Indies and the United States in June with New York, Florida and Dallas as venues

Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) officials stand near the trophy of ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 during the trophy tour at the Pakistan Cricket Academy in Lahore (Pic: AFP)

The T20 World Cup 2024 will help build cricket's profile and popularity in the United States ahead of its appearance at the 2028 Olympics in Los Angeles, the sport's world body said.

ADVERTISEMENT

Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 1.85%
Fullscreen



The showpiece 20-over event will be co-hosted by the West Indies and the United States in June with New York, Florida and Dallas as venues. The International Cricket Council (ICC) said it was confident the T20 World Cup 2024 would help the sport leave a mark in a land where baseball rules.




"The fact that a World Cup has come to the US -- the largest sports market in the world -- that in itself has generated a lot of interest," Chris Tetley, the ICC's head of events, told reporters in a media roundtable on Tuesday.




"This is a key stepping stone for the promotion of the game towards 2028 and beyond in terms of providing world-class cricket for the massive existing fanbase that the sport already has in the US," he added. "We are trying to give them something they haven't had on their doorstep before and maybe pique the interest of the American sports community by telling them that cricket's actually an older sport in the US than baseball."

Also Read: BCCI cheers, fans jeer

T20 Cricket will feature as one of five new sports at the Los Angeles Olympics. Cricket's only previous appearance at an Olympics was in 1900 in Paris, where a team from Great Britain defeated France.

Nassau County's Eisenhower Park, near New York, has seen a 34,000-seater temporary stadium, with a drop-in cricket pitch, constructed. It will host the hotly-anticipated India-Pakistan clash on June 9 among its eight scheduled World Cup games.

"We are really happy with the pitch," said stadium manager Damian Hough. "Everything that we have done has exceeded expectations. I can't predict scores, that's for the batters. "We hope that we have got a typical T20 pitch where there is good bounce, good pace and value for shots. Obviously you want batters to play shots all around the ground."

Also Read: Team India's forensic analysis

Hough and his team introduced drop-in pitches more than a decade ago at Adelaide Oval, where he is head curator. But creating the stadium in Nassau County has seen different challenges, including growing the pitch in the sub-tropics of Florida before transporting it 2,000 kilometres (1,250 miles) north through multiple climatic zones. Tetley said the stadium would be dismantled after the T20 extravaganza, but the "world-class facilities" would leave a lasting legacy for cricket in the United States.

(With AFP inputs)

"Exciting news! Mid-day is now on WhatsApp Channels  Subscribe today by clicking the link and stay updated with the latest news!" Click here!

Share
T20 World Cup 2024 ICC cricket world cup t20 world cup cricket news sports
CLICK HERE TO REUSE THIS CONTENT
Register for FREE
to continue reading !
This is not a paywall.
However, your registration helps us understand your preferences better and enables us to provide insightful and credible journalism for all our readers.
REGISTER NOW REMIND ME LATER
Next Story : T20 World Cup 2024: Complete List Of India's Fixtures, Squad, And More

>

Mid-Day Web Stories
View all

ADVERTISEMENT

More Stories
Inside Kapoor family's New Year 2025 celebrations on a yacht in Thailand
Mumbai LIVE: Western Railway announces changes in timetable and new trains
IN PHOTOS: Unprecedented rush of devotees at Ayodhya, Varanasi on New Year 2025
Bigg Boss 18: Vivian Dsena cries upon seeing wife Nouran during family week
Mumbai Police penalise 23,470 motorists for violating traffic norms on New Year
Future ready

ADVERTISEMENT



Top Authors

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow Us:      Download Our App:  
Mumbai
Mumbai News
Mumbai Crime News
Mumbai Rains
News
India News
World News
Offbeat
Opinion
Entertainment
Bollywood News
Hollywood News
Web Series
Television News
Regional Indian Cinema News
Sports
Cricket
Football
Other Sports
Lifestyle
Horoscope
Relationships
Health & Fitness
Fashion
Food
Travel
Culture
Timepass
Polls
Quiz
Comics
Crosswords
Sudoku
Manjul
Sunday Midday
Technology News
Opinion
Authors
Gujarati News
Hindi News
Urdu News
Radio City
Mumbai Guide
Mumbai Food
Things to do
Famous Personalities
About Us Advertise With Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Investor Relations Contact Us RSS  Sitemap Grievance Redressal
Kindly mail us your feedback at feedback@mid-day.com
Copyright © 2025 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookie or similar technologies, to enhance your browsing experience and provide personalised recommendations. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
OK
Notifications Powered by 
iZooto
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mid-day.com/sports/cricket/article/t20-world-cup-2024-stepping-stone-to-building-us-fanbase-for-olympics-23347332 
 ----- 
