SPORT
SOCCER
Bafana’s draw against Nigeria was a good springboard for Zimbabwe WC qualification tussle
 Nigerian Onuachu Ebere Paul creates some problems for Bafana keeper Ronwen Williams and Ngezana Siyabonga in Uyo, Nigeria, on 7 June 2024. (Photo: Victor Ihechi /Gallo Images)
By Yanga Sibembe
 Follow
09 Jun 2024  0
Bafana Bafana and Nigeria played to a 1-1 draw during their World Cup qualifier in Uyo on Friday evening. Now South Africa’s focus turns to a tussle against Zimbabwe — a fixture from which they are eyeing maximum points.
Listen to this article
4 min

Heading into his team’s latest round of Fifa World Cup qualifiers for the 2026 instalment of the tournament, Bafana Bafana coach Hugo Broos said his team was aiming for a maximum of six points or a minimum of four.

In the first match of this second batch of qualification games — played in Uyo, Nigeria — Bafana Bafana and the Super Eagles played to a one-all stalemate. 

Though South Africa produced some silky and sumptuous interplay — anchored by their playmaker and scorer on Friday, Themba Zwane — they could not knock the Nigerians down and the star-studded home side equalised early in the second stanza through Fisayo Dele-Bashiru.

Ngezana Siyabonga of South Africa in action against Nigeria in Uyo on 7 June. (Photo: Victor Ihechi / Gallo Images)

Broos said the result was fair as “we had our chances and Nigeria had their chances”, but neither side could capitalise beyond the goal each scored in the entertaining contest.

Bafana Bafana’s Belgian boss lauded his team’s ever-improving mentality. South Africa took almost a full day to travel to Uyo because of technical problems en route.  

However, against the Super Eagles, there were no signs of mental or physical fatigue as Bafana Bafana matched the home side at every turn, even surpassing them at times, despite the Nigerians enjoying home advantage.  

“We had a terrible trip to Nigeria on Wednesday. We were only in bed at two on Thursday morning. So, we spent 20 hours travelling. And when you see the mentality of the team today, I can only be proud of my players,” Broos told journalists.

Long road ahead 

The draw placed Bafana Bafana on four points from three matches. They still have another seven games to play — including Tuesday’s battle in Bloemfontein against neighbours Zimbabwe.

South Africa are grouped with Nigeria, Zimbabwe, Rwanda, Benin and Lesotho. With five points accumulated to date, the latter nation surprisingly sits at the summit of the mini-league.

Only the group winner will be one of the nine African countries guaranteed a place at the Canada, US and Mexico-hosted World Cup.

Broos, who won the Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) with Cameroon in 2017 and led South Africa to bronze at the event in 2023, believes that even though the qualification journey is still embryonic, the gap between so-called powerhouse nations and minnows has drastically reduced in recent years.

Mvala Mothobi and Ngezana Siyabonga of South Africa during the 2026 Fifa World Cup qualifier against Nigeria on 7 June. (Photo; Victor Ihechi/Gallo Images)

“Imagine three or four years ago you said, in a group like this, Lesotho would be first and Nigeria would be fifth. Everyone would have laughed at you. This is what has happened now in African soccer. [The gap between countries has narrowed],” Broos told journalists.

“I was with Cameroon in 2017, and recently I was with South Africa at the Afcon. The difference is that all those ‘little’ countries have progressed a lot. When you look at those teams, they don’t only have local players, but also those who play abroad. So, they have become stronger.”  

Broos (72) believes that the race for the World Cup spot in Group C will not be decided any time soon. 

“If you talk about the gap, I don’t think that there will be a big gap until the last game. It will be tough until the last game, and every team will have to play for a victory. It won’t be easy.

“We now have to play Zimbabwe on Tuesday and we need the three points. I will not be happy if we don’t win against Zimbabwe. But it is easy to say that behind the microphone. I know that it is going to be a tough game,” he said.

Bafana Bafana’s clash with Zimbabwe will be played at Free State Stadium on Tuesday, 11 June. Kick-off is at 6pm. DM

 
Daily Maverick needs your support

We're not asking you to pay for every article you read. We're asking you to support us so that we can keep doing what South Africa needs us to do. Without the support of our readers, we won't be able to keep going.

If you really can't afford the price of an extra cup of coffee a week, then know this: we will never force you to pay. We've got your back and one day, you'll have ours.

Support Daily Maverick→

Bafana BafanaFIFA World CupHugo BroosNigeriasoccerThemba Zwane
Comments - Please login in order to comment.

No Comments, yet

ADVERTISEMENT
Don't want to see this? Remove ads
 
Stay off Biscuit's naughty list this festive season.

This is Biscuit, the Daily Maverick dog. She is here, in all her glory, to ask you to become a Maverick Insider this festive season.

If you appreciate the impact Daily Maverick has on South Africa, support us for only R2.76 a day (R75 a month).

Gift Biscuit a treat, support our work.

JOIN MAVERICK INSIDER 

Already an Insider?
Click here to login

TOP READS THIS HOUR
MAVERICK NEWS
Tavern owner arrested for allegedly attempting to bribe police
OP-EDS
How scammers exploited South Africa's Social Relief of Distress grant system
PEOPLE OF THE YEAR
Artist of the Year: Tyla, the chart-topping queen of popiano hits
DM168
The GNU, ‘weakened’ opposition benches and the seventh Parliament
MAVERICK NEWS
Marion, a sub-Antarctic island, turns green — but at a cost
TOP READS IN SECTION
OP-EDS
How scammers exploited South Africa's Social Relief of Distress grant system
SOUTH AFRICA
More than ‘big water’ — the great comfort and joy of Gariep Dam
PEOPLE OF THE YEAR
Moegoe of the Year: Toilet preaching Ponzi schemer talks real kak
MAVERICK LIFE
Medusa — a harrowing dive into South Africa’s crime underbelly
SOUTH AFRICA
Watch – Mighty Springboks fill their trophy cabinet with more silverware in 2024
SPONSORED CONTENT
SPONSORED CONTENT
Standard Bank pioneers real-time payment requests for businesses with launch of PayShap Request for corporates
SPONSORED CONTENT
Popular investment migration programs for South Africans looking to relocate
SPONSORED CONTENT
Reflecting on 2024: taking the fork in the road
SPONSORED CONTENT
Oasis Water introduces South Africa’s first fully recyclable 10L PET refill dispenser bottle
SPONSORED CONTENT
How Christmas decorations are changing lives and saving the future
Investigations
News & Analysis
Features
Newsletters
Community
DM168

Daily Maverick © All rights reserved

We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept All”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent.
Cookie Settings
Accept All
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymaverick.co.za/article/2024-06-09-bafana-bafana-draw-11-with-hosts-nigeria-in-world-cup-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
