#1  KZN woman killed with her son by lover laid to rest
#2  SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
#3  Zulu traditional prime minister Thulasizwe Buthelezi knows nothing about axing, will remain in his position
#4  LISTEN | ‘Don’t get pregnant as soon as you can’: Zille on fatherless families
#5  Upping your beauty sleep game
#1  KZN woman killed with her son by lover laid to rest
#2  SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting flight
#3  Zulu traditional prime minister Thulasizwe Buthelezi knows nothing about axing, will remain in his position
#4  LISTEN | ‘Don’t get pregnant as soon as you can’: Zille on fatherless families
#5  Upping your beauty sleep game
SOCCER
Bafana and Nigeria play to draw in World Cup qualifier
07 June 2024 - 23:00
Mahlatse Mphahlele
Sports reporter
 
 
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Aubrey Modiba of South Africa is challenged by Fisayo Dele-Bashiru of Nigeria during their 2026 World Cup qualifier at Godswill Akpabio International Stadium in Uyo, Nigeria.
Image: Justina Aniefiok/BackpagePix

Bafana Bafana managed a credible 1-1 draw with Nigeria during their 2026 World Cup qualifier at the Godswill Akpabio International Stadium in Uyo on Friday night. 

As a result of this share of the spoils, SA are placed in fourth spot with four points from three matches below surprise Group C leaders Lesotho, Rwanda and Benin while Nigeria and Zimbabwe are at the bottom. 

Hugo Broos and his men have another chance of moving a few places up on the log standings when they host Zimbabwe at the Free State Stadium in Bloemfontein on Tuesday to put themselves in a good position. 

Bafana arrived in Nigeria with good memories of this venue as it was in Uyo they sprang a huge surprise to beat the Super Eagles 2-0 during a 2019 Afcon qualifier under Stuart Baxter and before then they had played to a 2-all draw under Shakes Mashaba.

ARENA SPORTS SHOW | ‘Yeye’ predicts big things for Pirates’ Bafana prospect Relebohile Mofokeng
In the 22nd episode of the 'Arena Sports Show', presenter Clauiee Grace Mpanza and regular guest Mahlatse Mphahlele are joined by former Kaizer ...
SPORT6 months ago

Nigeria coach Finidi George was without injured captain William Troost-Ekong and the armband was handed to midfielder Wilfred Ndidi which was part of the six changes from the last time they met at the Africa Cup of Nation (Afcon) in Ivory Coast. 

For Broos, he made a few interesting choices in his starting line-up with Siyabonga Ngezana, Elias Mokwana and Iqraam Rayners getting the nod ahead of Nkosinathi Sibisi, Thapelo Morena and Lyle Foster. 

The match started at a frantic pace with both teams attacking each other and the first real chance fell for Bafana when a well taken free-kick by Teboho Mokoena bounced off the crossbar with Stanley Nwabali beaten after 16 minutes. 

The visitors continued to attack and were dully rewarded on the half-hour mark when talismanic Themba Zwane dribbled past Calvin Bassey and Adesewo Oluwasemilogo before putting the ball past Nwabali. 

Big clear-out continues at Pirates with more players sent packing
The big clear-out continues at Orlando Pirates with the club announcing the departures of goalkeepers Richard Ofori and Siyabonga Mpontshane, ...
SPORT6 months ago

Zwane, who received a defence-splitting pass from Sphephelo Sithole before opening the scoring with a delightful shot, scored his 12th goal in his 46th appearance for SA. 

Nigeria pulled one back inside the opening minute of the restart when Faruq Dele-Bashiru shielded the ball before turning Mothobi Mvala and putting the ball into the back of the net after he got a pass from Alex Iwobi. 

Nigeria could have stolen the game during the closing stages but substitute attacker Samuel Cbukwueze watched in disbelief when his effort rebounded off the woodwork for safety as they settled for a draw. 

READ MORE
Confidence and better record against Nigeria gives Bafana a shot in Uyo
Winning and consistent results in sport breed confidence and more such results, and vice versa.
SPORT6 months ago
Lesotho blow Bafana's group wide open with victory over Zimbabwe
Lesotho moved to the top of Group C with five points after a convincing 2-0 victory over Zimbabwe in a 2026 Fifa World Cup qualifier played at the ...
SPORT6 months ago
‘I would have loved to play with Doctor Khumalo’: Roger Feutmba
Mamelodi Sundowns midfield great Roger “General” Feutmba has picked fellow legend Doctor Khumalo of Kaizer Chiefs as his toughest opponent and the ...
SPORT6 months ago
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
Learn More
WATCH | Three suspects accused of stabbing Orkney resort owner to appear in court
Three suspects are expected to...
All Electric Cars for Seniors (Great Deals Now)
PopularSearches | Search Ads
Learn More
WATCH | Angry festival atten dees burn down stage after Makhadzi's no-show
"As per the terms outlined in the...
New Land Rover Defender Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
SUVs | Top Searcher Now
SABC employee in hot water after allegedly making racist remarks and disrupting fligh t
“You're a coloured from Mitchell...
MOST READ
Ali Bacher concerned by dominance of cricket ‘big three’ India, England and ...
CRICKET
‘I’ll be 36 years old’: Dane Paterson when asked about Championship final
CRICKET
Brazilians Sales, Ribeiro stars as Sundowns maintain winning streak under ...
SOCCER
Pirates coach Jose Riveiro braced for busy time in coming months
SOCCER
Marco Jansen asks for discipline as Proteas close in on win against Pakistan
CRICKET
LATEST VIDEOS
Ali Bacher concerned by the dominance of cricket 'big three' in India, England ...
LIVE Han Duck-Soo Faces impeachment | Han Duck-Soo Acting President Impeachment ...
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2024 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/2024-06-07-bafana-and-nigeria-play-out-to-draw-in-world-cup-qualifier/ 
 ----- 
