Menu
Search for
 Home/World Cup qualifiers/Percy Tau talks tough ahead of Super Eagles clash
World Cup qualifiers
Percy Tau talks tough ahead of Super Eagles clash
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
June 5, 2024
0 280 1 minute read
 Percy Tau challenged by Nigeria's Calvin Bassey during the AFCON semi-final.

Bafana Bafana of South Africa forward Percy Tau is gearing up for a challenging match against Nigeria’s Super Eagles in Uyo on Friday, June 7, 2024.

In their previous encounter, the Super Eagles secured a 4-2 penalty shootout victory over Bafana Bafana in a semi-final clash at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.

This time, both teams are competing for a spot in the 2026 FIFA World Cup.

Bafana Bafana currently hold the second position in Group C, having accumulated three points from two matches. Meanwhile, the Super Eagles are in third place with the same number of points from two games.

Tau, who represents Egyptian club Al Ahly, expressed his anticipation for the upcoming match and emphasised the team’s determination to secure a positive outcome.

“I’m looking forward to it, and I want to qualify for the World Cup with South Africa,” Tau stated in an interview with African Football.

Acknowledging the challenge posed by Nigeria and Zimbabwe, Percy Tau highlighted the team’s commitment to achieving a favorable result away from home, especially after their defeat to Nigeria in the AFCON 2023 tournament.

“We have to try something this time,” Percy Tau added, underlining the team’s resolve to perform better in the upcoming fixture.

 Tags
Nigeria Vs South Africa
Percy Tau
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
Boxing World mourns Paul Bamba’s sudden death
2 hours ago
Super Eagles B beat Ghana to end six-year CHAN absence
2 hours ago
Nigeria vs Ghana: All you need to know about today’s CHAN qualifier in Uyo
9 hours ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
Boxing World mourns Paul Bamba’s sudden death
2 hours ago
Super Eagles B beat Ghana to end six-year CHAN absence
2 hours ago
NBA Summary: Jaylen Brown Shines as Celtics Dominate Pacers
8 hours ago
Taye Taiwo names three clubs Ademola Lookman should DUMP Atalanta for in January if offer arrives
9 hours ago
Nigeria vs Ghana: All you need to know about today’s CHAN qualifier in Uyo
9 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/percy-tau-talks-tough-ahead-of-super-eagles-clash/ 
 ----- 
