SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
Nigeria Qualifies for Round Of 16, Edges Guinea-Bissau out of AFCON 2023

With their victory, Nigeria is moving to the Round 16, with a commanding seven points, putting them in second place in Group B.

Jihane RahhouJan. 22, 2024 7:05 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Nigeria's match against Guinea-Bissau

Rabat - In a tightly contested Group B encounter at the AFCON 2023 tournament, Nigeria secured a hard-fought 1-0 victory against Guinea-Bissau.

The match saw Nigeria maintaining control despite challenges. The game began with both teams displaying intensity, and within the opening 15 minutes, opportunities arose for both Nigeria and Guinea-Bissau. 

The deadlock was finally broken in the 36th minute when an unfortunate own goal by Guinea-Bissau’s Sangante gave Nigeria the lead.

Nigeria continued to press forward, with Osimhen having a goal disallowed in the 59th minute due to a handball. 

Despite this mishap, Nigeria stayed in control. Aina had an opportunity in the 69th minute, but his shot sailed over the bar, keeping the score at 1-0.

Guinea-Bissau made efforts to bounce back, but Nigeria’s defense held firm. The chances kept coming for Nigeria, and they maintained full control in the latter stages of the game.

The victory places Nigeria in a strong second position in Group B, causing them to officially qualify for the Round of 16. Guinea-Bissau is leaving the AFCON 2023 after falling to fourth place.

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in January
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Morocco to Host Women’s AFCON Draw on November 22
Recent
Popular
Comments
CAF Fines AS FAR $15,000 Over Fans’ Use Of Smoke Bombs, Lasers

Former US President Jimmy Carter Dies At 100

New Government Strategy Seeks To Address Youth Unemployment, Strengthen Morocco's Job Market

Azerbaijan President Demands Putin To 'Admit Guilt' After Deadly Plane Crash

Rescue Operation Underway For Moroccan Patrol Boat "Al-Qasid" Stranded Near Melilla

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360293/nigeria-qualifies-for-round-of-16-edges-guinea-bissau-out-of-afcon-2023 
 ----- 
