Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
11 months ago
SportFootball
Nigeria vs Guinea-Bissau LIVE: Result and reaction as Super Eagles reach last-16

Plus updates from Equatorial Guinea vs Ivory Coast as Group A reaches its conclusion

Michael Jones
Monday 22 January 2024 14:49 EST
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
Loading ad
 
Nigeria’s Omeruo: ‘No easy games at Afcon’
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

The final two matches in Group A take place this evening as the Africa Cup of Nations enters the end of its group stages. Three teams, Equatorial Guinea, Nigeria and Ivory Coast, all have the chance to finish top of the table and set up an easier fixture for the first knockout round as there is just one point separating the sides.

Nigeria perhaps have the strongest chance. They are currently second in the table, behind Equatorial Guinea, but face Guinea-Bissau who have yet to win a match. The tournament hosts, Ivory Coast, take on the National Thunder in a huge clash that could leave the loser on the brink of an early exit.

The top two finishers automatically qualify for the next round with the four best third placed teams also sneaking through. Ivory Coast currently sit third but their three points should be enough for them to qualify though they would rather not take the risk. Victory over Equatorial Guinea would propel them up the table and ensure a place in the next round regardless of what happens in Nigeria’s match.

Follow all the action below plus get the latest Afcon odds and tips right here:

RECOMMENDED
Six people die in Guinea celebrating win over Gambia at Africa Cup of Nations
Mohamed Salah to return to Liverpool from AFCON for injury treatment
Algeria striker Baghdad Bounedjah denies Burkina Faso at the death
EQUATORIAL GUINEA VS IVORY COAST
Nigeria take on Guinea-Bissau in a Group A clash at the Africa Cup of Nations
Equatorial Guinea take on Ivory Coast in the other group match with kick off at 5pm for both
Nigeria XI: Nwabali; Omeruo, Ajayi, Bassey; Aina, Onyeka, Aribo, Osayi-Samuel; Lookman, Chukwueze, Osimhen.
Guinea-Bissau starting XI: Mendes, Mendes, Ie, Sangante, Nanu, Bikel, Nito, Quizera, Dalcio, Gomes, Gano.
37’ GOAL! - Sangante smokes in an own goal (NIG 1-0 GNB)
11 months ago
FT Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

Ivory Coast are on the brink of elimination. The tournament hosts had two goals disallowed in a 4-0 thumping by the team who have secured top spot in Group A.

Afcon top goalscorer Emilio Nsue added another two goals to his tally while Pablo Ganet and Jannick Buyla were also on the scoresheet.

Boos rang out around the stadium at full time.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 19:12
Promoted stories
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
IKE BRANNON
Read More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
11 months ago
Full-time! Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

90+5 mins: Nigeria qualify for the round of 16 as Guinea-Bissau bow out of Afcon 2023. The Super Eagles head into the next round by finishing second in the group as an victory for Equatorial Guinea over Ivory Coast sees them top Group A.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:58
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

90 mins: Five minutes of added time to play in this one.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:51
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

87 mins: Nigeria have a goal disallowed of their own. Iwobi picked out the run of Osimhen whose initial shot was saved, only for substitute Sanusi to finish from close range.

Then the flag went up and Nigeria’s lead stays at one.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:48
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

82 mins: Guinea-Bissau have a goal disallowed!

Franculino is slipped into the box but strays offside with his run through the middle. He shoots and finds the back of the net but the celebrations are cut short as the flag goes up and VAR doesn’t come to the rescue.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:46
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

78 mins: Ola Aina curls a left-footed cross into the penalty area and perfectly picks out Victor Osimhen. He leaps into the air and heads another effort wide of the target.

It just hasn’t been his night tonight.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:40
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

75 mins: 15 minutes to play as the players head to the side of the pitch for a cooling break. Equatorial Guinea still lead over Ivory Coast and keeping their lead in tact will be enough for Nigeria to get through.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:37
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

72 mins: Ze Turbo has been brought on for Guinea-Bissau. He gives away a free kick that gets flicked into the box by Moses Simon.

Osimhen bursts forward with a couple of teammates but Jonas Mendes leaps into the air and punches the ball clear off the nose of the striker.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:34
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

69 mins: Chukwueze’s cross from the left side is lifted over the head of Victor Osimhen but Nigeria manage to recycle the ball back to the forward.

His flick on drops into the path of Ola Aina who runs onto the ball and smokes it over the top!

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:31
Promoted stories
The All-New Buick Envision Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
POPULARSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
11 months ago
Nigeria 1-0 Guinea-Bissau

66 mins: Nigeria are repeatedly pushing for the second goal as Guinea-Bissau seem to tire. Alex Iwobi has looked sharp since his introduction and it would be a surprise if there weren’t any further goals in this one.

Mike Jones22 January 2024 18:29
Newer
1
 / 5
Older
More aboutEquatorial GuineaIvory CoastNigeriaAfrica Cup Of Nations
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
New Senior Apartments in Washington: Comfortable and Affordable (See Prices for 2024)
BESTSEARCHNOW | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FAVORITESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
The New Outlander Is Shaking Up The Auto Industry - Explore Offers
CSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Get Info
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensio...
These new electric cars are fantastic, and the prices are incredible. Click here to see them now!
SENIORS ELECTRIC CARS AT LOW PRICES|Sponsored
7 Benefits Of VoIP Phone Syst ems For Small Businesses
Cloud based contact center platforms prices 2024
ANSWERWIZARDY|Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
FITNESS AND WELLBEING
I walked 10,000 steps a day with a weighted backpack – here’s why I’...
NEWS
Where snow could hit UK on New Year’s Day
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
The five foods you thought were healthy – but are secretly ruining your gut health
Some porridge, fermented drinks and even yoghurts have been deemed too unhealthy to advertise to children, but that’s because not all foods have the benefits you think they have, says Maria Lally
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that help you rest well. Save 50% and get free rush shipping today.
LIFEMD|Sponsored
Learn More
The Hyundai Palisade SUV Costs Next To Nothing (Take A Look)
Discover Deals & Savings On The Palisade SUV
VYAGER|Sponsored
Learn More
FITNESS AND WELLBEING
I tried ‘the best kettlebell workout’ and it hit my whole body in just 10...
TRAVEL
Hundreds saved on Christmas Eve after driver jumps from high-spee...
The All-New Honda CRV Is Here To Impress (Take a Look)
CROSSOVERS | TOP SEARCHER NOW|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Prison officer arrested after reports she was filmed having sex with inmate
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/nigeria-guineabissau-live-stream-score-result-b2482793.html 
 ----- 
