Menu
Search for
 Home/Super Eagles/Victor Osimhen cautions Super Eagles against underrating Guinea-Bissau
AFCONSuper Eagles
Victor Osimhen cautions Super Eagles against underrating Guinea-Bissau
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
January 20, 2024
0 578 1 minute read

Nigerian striker Victor Osimhen has cautioned his Super Eagles teammates of the dangers underrating Guinea-Bissau in their upcoming fixture at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.

Osimhen made this remarks after Nigeria’s 1-0 victory against Cote d’Ivoire in their second game of the tournament, one that will be key in the race for a spot in the next round. The Eagles were rated second-best ahead of kickoff vs the hosts but put in a special performance to emerge victorious, thanks to a William Troost-Ekong well-struck spot kick goal.

Jose Peseiro tutored Eagles will conclude the group stage when they face Guinea-Bissau at the Felix Houphouet Boigny Stadium, Abidjan, on Monday, January 22, 2024 .

Despite Guinea-Bissau being on the brink of elimination after consecutive defeats in their opening two games, Osimhen stressed need for the Super Eagles to approach the game with determination and avoid underestimating their opponents.

“We aim for a strong performance against Guinea-Bissau. They will undoubtedly approach the game with determination, and we won’t underestimate any team, considering what they’ve done to qualify,” Osimhen said.

He highlighted the previous encounters between the two teams in the qualifiers, acknowledging the strength of Guinea-Bissau. In the qualifiers, Guinea-Bissau defeated Nigeria at home, while Nigeria secured a victory in the away match.

“We met them in the qualifiers and know how strong they are. They defeated us at home, while we also beat them away. So, we are expecting a tough game against them. We will do our best to win,” Osimhen added.

The Super Eagles will look to build on their momentum and secure another victory in their final group stage game against Guinea-Bissau as they aim to progress further in the AFCON 2023 tournament.

A draw or win vs Guinea Bissau will confirm Nigeria’s progress to the knockout round in Cote d’Ivoire.

READ ALSO: Nwabili eyes better performances after clean-sheet in Nigeria win over Cote d’Ivoire
 Tags
Afcon 2023
Nigeria Vs Guniea Buissau
Super Eagles
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
Top ten Super Eagles stars in 2024: Who was the best?
1 day ago
Super Eagles stars celebrate Victor Osimhen’s 26th birthday
1 day ago
Atalanta not under pressure to sell Ademola Lookman and other stars
1 day ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
Salah makes new Premier League record as Liverpool hammer West Ham
12 hours ago
Serie A: Chukwueze Shines but Milan Held by Roma at San Siro
13 hours ago
Ademola Lookman Targets More Success with Atalanta in 2025
14 hours ago
He’s a Rock on the Field” – Former Genk Striker Praises Super Eagles Hopeful Arokodare
14 hours ago
Happy Birthday Osimhen” – Girlfriend Stefanie Ladewig’s Subtle Message Sparks Reactions
14 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/victor-osimhen-cautions-super-eagles-against-underrating-guinea-bissau/ 
 ----- 
