Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Cape Verde 3-0 Mozambique: Blue Sharks secure round of 16 slot | AFCON 2023
Tiago Manuel Dias Correia (Bebe), Ryan Isaac Mendes da Graca and Kevin Lenini Goncalves Pereira de Pina were all on target against the Mambas at the Stade Felix Houphouet Boigny on Friday afternoon.
by DAVID ISABIRYE
JANUARY 19, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Cape Verde players in celebrations after scoring the first of their goals against Mozambique | Credit: CAF Media
Overview:

Cape Verde has now earned six points from two games after a 2-1 win over Ghana Black Stars.

AFCON 2023 Group B (Round 2):

Cape Verde 3-0 Mozambique
Egypt 2-2 Ghana

Cape Verde became the first country to make the grade to the round of 16 stage at the on-going AFCON 2023 tournament in Cote D’Ivoire.

A comprehensive 3-0 win over Mozambique in group B secured the Blue Sharks a berth to the round of 16.

Tiago Manuel Dias Correia (Bebe), Ryan Isaac Mendes da Graca and Kevin Lenini Goncalves Pereira de Pina were all on target against the Mambas at the Stade Felix Houphouet Boigny on Friday afternoon.

Tiago, a forward at Spanish side Real Zaragoza (on loan from Rayo Vallecano) struck a brilliant free kick from distance on the half hour mark to give Cape Verde the 1-0 lead by the mandatory half time break.

Cape Verde players celebrate their third goal | Credit: CAF Media

Fatih Karagumruk’s Mendes added the second goal six minutes into the second half.

Pina of Krasnodar in Russia capped the icing on the already baked cake with the third goal, scorching long range shot from 30 yards past goalkeeper Alberto Ernan Siluane of Black Bulls, the current league champions in the Mozambique premier league.

Mendes was named the man of the match as Cape Verde has now earned six points from two games after a 2-1 win over Ghana Black Stars.

Egypt has two points whilst Ghana and Mozambique have a point apiece.

With Cape Verde already qualified, group B remains wide open coming to the final games for the remaining three countries Egypt, Ghana and Mozambique.

Next Group B matches:

Mozambique will face Ghana on Monday, 22nd January 2024 at the Olympic Stadium of Ebimpe (11:00 PM).

At the same time, Cape Verde shall take on Egypt at the Stade Felix Houphouet in Boigny.

All Results So far:

Group F:

Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) 1-1 Zambia
Morocco 3-0 Tanzania

Group E:

Mali 2-0 South Africa
Tunisia 0-1 Namibia

Group D:

Burkina Faso 1-0 Mauritania
Algeria 1-1 Angola

Group C:

Cameroon 1-1 Guinea
Senegal 3-0 The Gambia

Group B:

Egypt 2-2 Mozambique
Ghana 1-2 Cape Verde

Group A:

Nigeria 1-1 Equatorial Guinea
Cote D’Ivoire 2-0 Guinea Bissau
Cote D’Ivoire 0-1 Nigeria
Equatorial Guinea 4-2 Guinea Bissau
DAVID ISABIRYE
david@kawowo.com

David Isabirye is a senior staff writer for Kawowo Sports where he covers most of the major events. More by David Isabirye

Leave a comment
Would-be URU Awards: 2024 was Okello, Lekuru’s year
Kayanja, Naiga pot to victory in end of year 2024 pool championship at Kansanga
Ex-Ondu, Gaddafi coach lands Mbale Heroes job on interim
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/01/19/cape-verde-3-0-mozambique-blue-sharks-secure-round-of-16-slot-afcon-2023/ 
 ----- 
