Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cabrera's confidence on the rise as '24 campaign closes
Share
Cabrera's confidence on the rise as '24 campaign closes
September 26th, 2024

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

MINNEAPOLIS -- Marlins right-hander Edward Cabrera has some of the nastiest stuff in the game. As his 2024 draws to a close, it seems like he’s beginning to believe it.

Cabrera allowed one earned run over five innings, but four errors cost the Marlins in Wednesday night’s 8-3 loss to the Twins at Target Field to hand them their 100th defeat. Cabrera struck out five, walked just one and reached 99 mph for the fifth time this season.

“Cabbie had some of his best stuff that he's had all year,” manager Skip Schumaker said. “Once again, [he] looked really good, didn't hurt himself by walks or really anything tonight. [He] had the guys put the ball in play. Guys made really good plays behind him in the outfield, not so much in the infield tonight. Just one of those tough games.”

Though Cabrera had an injury scare while stretching to cover first base on a fielder’s choice in the third inning, Schumaker pulled him after just 79 pitches because the righty felt tightness in his arm and the club didn’t want to push him at the end of the season.

Minnesota couldn’t figure out Cabrera early on, going down in order through the first six batters -- three via strikeout. After Willi Castro’s leadoff double in the third, Cabrera fielded consecutive comebackers. The first went without a hitch, but on the second, Cabrera’s throw deflected off Castro, who was caught straying too far off the bag. Three batters later, Trevor Larnach singled in two runs.

In the fourth, Byron Buxton crushed Cabrera’s first-pitch 96.4 mph four-seamer for a game-tying leadoff homer. Cabrera worked around back-to-back errors by infielders in the fifth thanks to left fielder Griffin Conine’s inning-ending 7-4 double play.

Related
Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

Marlins lose Garrett for 2025 after left elbow surgery

January 9th, 2025

Cabrera overcomes 2 errors, strikes out 9: 'He should be proud'

September 14th, 2024

Marlins' rotation dealt another blow, but reinforcements getting nearer

September 7th, 2024

Cabrera still searching for consistency amid 'peaks and valleys'

August 15th, 2024

“He throws hard, obviously,” Twins second baseman Brooks Lee said. “He’s got a great changeup that mimics the fastball good, a ton of sink. That’s probably the best changeup we’ve seen that has much -- it looks like a power sinker almost. We got to him a little bit, but he’s a great pitcher. A great power arm.”

While Cabrera’s 4.95 season ERA doesn’t stand out, he finished 2024 on a high note. Over his final 10 starts dating back to Aug. 4, Cabrera compiled a 3.57 ERA with four quality starts. More importantly, he lowered his BB/9 rate from 5.40 before this stretch to 4.08 after it. Take out last Thursday’s outlier outing against the Dodgers (7 ER, 2 1/3 IP), and those numbers are even better:

Before Aug. 4: 6.65 ERA
Since Aug. 4 minus that Dodgers start: 2.49 ERA, 3.37 BB/9

Despite opening the season on the injured list with a right shoulder impingement and being sidelined with the same diagnosis again from May 8-July 7, Cabrera matched a career high in starts (20). He fell 3 1/3 innings shy of his single-season career high set in 2023 (99 2/3); he has yet to reach triple-digit frames in a single season.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I will say there were a lot of ups and down this season, no doubt about it, but definitely it was a learning experience for me,” Cabrera said via interpreter Luis Dorante Jr. “And I learned that I have to come in ready next season and be able to perform the whole full season.”

This is a critical juncture in the 26-year-old Cabrera’s career. He will be Super 2 arbitration-eligible this offseason and has no Minor League options remaining. His name has come up in trade rumors in the past, and this winter should be no different.

Barring deals and injury setbacks, Miami’s starting-pitching depth in 2025 could feature ace Sandy Alcantara, left-handers Ryan Weathers, Jesús Luzardo and Braxton Garrett as well as right-handers Cabrera, Eury Pérez (around the All-Star break), Max Meyer, Valente Bellozo, Roddery Muñoz and Sixto Sánchez.

“I thought the last 10-12 starts was more of who we think he is,” Schumaker said. “Every single coach and strength coach and trainer and teammate has tried to build him up, to show him and tell him who he is, but I think he's now starting to finally believe who he is, and having more and more confidence against some really good playoff teams, especially in the second half.

“I think the last game was a hiccup, and I was hoping it was going to be a hiccup coming into tonight. He was throwing the ball as good as anybody in the league, 99 mph, 98 mph with a really good changeup. He's spinning the ball really good.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Edward Cabrera

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/edward-cabrera-makes-final-start-of-season-for-marlins 
 ----- 
