Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Sights & sounds from the Orioles' postseason clinch
Share
Sights & sounds from the Orioles' postseason clinch
September 25th, 2024

Jake Rill

@JakeDRill
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

This story was excerpted from Jake Rill’s Orioles Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

NEW YORK -- The champagne was popped. The music blared. The cigars were smoked. The party was on.

The Orioles clinched a spot in the 2024 postseason on Tuesday night, and they weren’t going to miss an opportunity to celebrate. Getting to October is always a special accomplishment, one that Baltimore’s players, coaches and staff enjoyed in the visiting clubhouse at Yankee Stadium.

Postseason FAQ: What's next for the Orioles?

“You don’t know how many of these you’re going to get to experience in a career, so we’re going to celebrate this like it could be our last one,” All-Star infielder Jordan Westburg said.

It likely won’t be, considering the talent up and down the O’s roster. But of course, they didn’t want to risk not holding a clubhouse party.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Here are some of the sights and sounds from Tuesday’s clinching celebration.

Dean Kremer, the starter of clinchers
Last season, Kremer started on Sept. 17 vs. the Rays, tossing five innings of one-run ball on the day the Orioles clinched a postseason berth. Then, last Sept. 28, he threw 5 1/3 scoreless innings against the Red Sox on the night the club secured the American League East title.

“That’s just the nature of being a competitor,” Kremer said. “I like pitching in big games. I like getting the ball every fifth day.”

As fate would have it, the 28-year-old right-hander started on Tuesday, allowing one run over five innings vs. the Yankees as the O’s went on to clinch a postseason berth. Only this time, Kremer didn’t even realize what was at stake.

“I didn’t know that we could clinch tonight. More focused on just trying to shut them down,” Kremer said. “I really didn’t know. No, not at all.”

Colton Cowser, the class clown
Earlier this season, Westburg called Cowser the “class clown” of the team, and that was on display Tuesday. The 24-year-old rookie outfielder bought a $50 waterproof camera on DoorDash so that he could chronicle his first big league champagne celebration -- and within minutes, he thought he broke it.

But alas, Cowser fixed the camera and used it to snap selfies and photos all night. He strolled around in his flip-flops despite puddles of liquid on the ground. He was among the loudest in the room.

• 'Baby Bird' Holliday celebrates clincher with age-appropriate drink

“I’m enjoying it. Loving it, loving it,” Cowser said. “To be able to celebrate and get to the postseason is a special thing, especially in the big leagues.”

Corbin Burnes, the prized offseason acquisition
At one point amid the jubilation, Burnes sought out Mike Elias and doused him with a bottle of champagne -- the ace finding the general manager who made the Feb. 1 trade that sent the 29-year-old right-hander from Milwaukee to Baltimore.

If the Orioles are going to make a deep postseason run, they’ll likely need Burnes at his best. He knows that, and he expects the same from his teammates.

“Celebrating with your boys in here is fun. To get to this helps bring us even closer together,” Burnes said. “If we play good baseball, we can beat anyone. We have to go out there and play our best, and we’ve got five games to get ready for the postseason.”

Related
Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

6:14 AM UTC

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

3:00 AM UTC

Morton thought he might have thrown his last pitch. Then O's came calling

January 8th, 2025

25 Orioles predictions for the 2025 season

January 8th, 2025

More work for Mr. Splash: O's expanding 'Bird Bath' in '25

January 8th, 2025

O's announce ticket info, giveaway schedule for 2025 season

January 8th, 2025

Westburg, the one with quiet confidence
There wasn’t a point in the night when Westburg was at the center of the party. That shouldn’t surprise anyone, as the 25-year-old is typically more on the low-key side, quiet but confident. So he didn’t go crazy, rather taking the time to talk with his friends.

And when given the chance to talk about the likelihood of the O’s making a deep run through October, Westburg didn’t mince words.

“I would say very strong,” Westburg said. “The only people that believe in us is us, right? Everybody sees the struggles and wants to write the Orioles off. But we don’t think about that, we don’t talk about that. We’re here to play ball every single day and play our best. Sometimes, it goes your way. Sometimes, it doesn’t. That’s baseball. But we believe in each other, so just keep going forward.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles

Jake Rill covers the Orioles for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/orioles-clubhouse-sights-sounds-2024-postseason-clinch 
 ----- 
