Jump to content
Independent
Fitness & Wellbeing
Subscribe
Menu
NEWS
SPORT
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
INDYBEST
TRAVEL
AsiaIndia
Man held for threatening to blow up India vs Pakistan stadium

More than 132,000 spectators are expected for high-profile Cricket World Cup match

Shweta Sharma
Friday 13 October 2023 12:45 BST
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
The Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad on 13 October 2023, the eve of the 2023 ICC Men's Cricket World Cup one-day international (ODI) match between India and Pakistan (AFP via Getty Images)
For free real time breaking news alerts sent straight to your inbox sign up to our breaking news emails
SIGN UP
I would like to be emailed about offers, events and updates from The Independent. Read our privacy policy

A man has been arrested in India for allegedly threatening to bomb the cricket stadium where the much-anticipated India-Pakistan World Cup match is set to take place this weekend.

Karan Mavi, 29, a resident of the western state of Gujarat, allegedly sent an email containing the threat to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on 9 October, police said.

India and Pakistan will match up on Saturday at the 134,000-capacity Narendra Modi Cricket Stadium in Gujarat, with tickets selling out almost immediately when they went on sale weeks ago.

Police said Mavi’s email in Hindi to the Indian cricket board read: “This time there will be a blast at the Modi stadium in Gujarat. Be cautious on 14.10.2023; do remember that everyone’s soul will be shaken.”

RECOMMENDED
India vs Pakistan LIVE: Cricket World Cup latest updates with Shubman Gill expected to return
Pakistani cricket presenter Zainab Abbas breaks silence after World Cup exit
India vs Pakistan: ‘The biggest rivalry in sport’

Ahmedabad city’s Detection of Crime Branch (DCB) arrested Mr Mavi on Tuesday on charges of criminal intimidation, reported the Indian Express newspaper.

J H Sindhav, the investigating officer in the case, told the newspaper: “We have done a technical analysis of Mavi’s mobile and his past behaviour and so far, no serious criminal links or objectionable material has been found.”

He said Mr Mavi was a cricket enthusiast and tried to launch a YouTube channel. But he grew increasingly frustrated as his subscribers were not growing in number and appeared to have taken the step to gain popularity, he said.

The high-profile match is expected to be watched by hundreds of millions of cricket fans in South Asia despite calls for a boycott trending online.

The two teams have not met for a one-day international or T20 series in 10 years, and for a test series in 16 years.

Pakistan have never beaten two-time world champions India in a 50-over World Cup match.

More aboutPakistanGujaratODI
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Subscribe
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/asia/india/india-vs-pakistan-stadium-bomb-cricket-world-cup-b2429225.html 
 ----- 
