Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
Scotland
Billy Gilmour 46
Scott McTominay 76
―
Poland
Sebastian Szymanski 8
Robert Lewandowski 44 Pen
Nicola Zalewski 90 +6:31 Pen
Report
Min-by-min
View image in fullscreen
Nicola Zalewski shows his delight after scoring Poland’s 97th-minute winner at Hampden Park. Photograph: Stu Forster/Getty Images
Nations League
 This article is more than 3 months old
Poland seal Nations League win with late penalty to spoil Scotland comeback
This article is more than 3 months old
Ewan Murray at Hampden Park
Thu 5 Sep 2024 17.07 EDT
Share
168

The knockout blows keep landing on Steve Clarke and Scotland. Just when it seemed as if damage incurred at a horrible Euro 2024 – and in the first half here – looked like being repaired, Poland snatched a 97th-minute win. Grant Hanley’s lunge triggered a penalty which only added to despondency around the Scotland camp.

Until that point, even the extending of a run to one win in 13 felt unimportant. Clarke’s team had recovered from two goals behind at half-time to level the scores. The key problem with what happened next is this always looked the softest of Scotland’s Nations League fixtures. Clarke faces a stiff task in trying to raise spirits before Sunday’s meeting with Portugal in Lisbon.

Scotland 2-3 Poland: Nations League – as it happened
Read more

“We shouldn’t have lost but if you make errors at this level you get punished,” said Clarke. “There were lots of good things but it is still a defeat. I feel really disappointed for the players because I felt their efforts deserved a point from the game.”

Clarke had used pre-match media duties to assert evolution of his team was far more feasible than revolution. Supporters, angry at Scotland’s showing in Germany, sought the latter; in terms of attitude if not personnel. The subdued atmosphere around kick-off suggested those in the stands were unsure about Clarke’s approach to a fresh start. Fans want new heroes, young heroes and want them now.

What Clarke absolutely did not need was this damaging start. Billy Gilmour had his pocket picked by Kacper Urbanski – the pass to Gilmour from Kenny McLean was not particularly smart – with Robert Lewandowski next to receive the ball. Poland’s iconic striker fed Sebastian Szymanski, whose low drive from 25 yards flew in via Angus Gunn’s left-hand post. Gunn may feel he should have done better but the Fenerbahce midfielder was given far too much space to line up his shot.

It took 20 minutes for the hosts to produce an attacking move of substance, Scott McTominay blazing over after being played in by Ryan Christie. Scotland’s key issue was out of possession, where Poland were being allowed to shift the ball far too quickly between the thirds. McTominay believed he had equalised midway through the half, only for the scrappy effort to be ruled out for handball. The Napoli man had beaten the Poland defence to an inswinging Andy Robertson free-kick. Robertson is now just the seventh Scottish player to earn 75 international caps.

View image in fullscreen
Scott McTominay punches the air after scoring Scotland’s equaliser. Photograph: Colin Poultney/ProSports/Shutterstock

Scotland had actually shown promise before the visitors doubled their lead. McTominay had attackers in position but could not find them with a cut-back. Lyndon Dykes, having been found superbly by Christie at the back post, slashed at his goal attempt. Wastefulness was soon to prove costly.

Anthony Ralston kicked the back of Nicola Zalewski’s foot as Poland marauded. Lewandowski did the rest from 12 yards for his 84th international goal. That Scotland did not deserve to be two goals adrift somehow felt irrelevant. Boos met the half-time whistle.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

It took just 23 seconds of the second period for Scotland to be afforded desperately needed hope. Poland were unconvincing in clearing a Dykes cross, which allowed Christie to lay the ball back into the path of Gilmour. The midfielder drilled just his second career goal past Marcin Bulka. After a lengthy check from the VAR – it was unclear what for – the goal stood. Scotland had a pulse.

Szymanski almost restored Poland’s two-goal lead with a glorious curling shot from range that narrowly missed the upright. Clarke twisted by throwing in Ben Doak, Ryan Gauld and Lawrence Shankland. Poland removed Lewandowski, the coach, Michal Probierz, later saying because of the “long season ahead of him”.

Clarke’s switch paid instant dividends. Doak played in the rampaging Ralston, who pulled back for McTominay. From six yards, the former Manchester United man confidently restored parity. Crucially, the spirit of this Scotland team had been proven intact. It was broken when Hanley needlessly upended Zalewski. The same player squeezed his penalty through Gunn. For the Scots, it was the latest in a long line of painful episodes. It was also the 17th goal they have conceded in this calendar year. Without some solidity, the tales of woe will continue.

Explore more on these topics
Nations League
Scotland
Poland
match reports
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/article/2024/sep/05/scotland-poland-nations-league-match-report 
 ----- 
