Soccer
Sports
Mundo Deportivo
EN
ÚLTIMA HORA
FÚTBOL
BOXEO
FÚTBOL AMERICANO
UFC
ESTRELLAS LATINAS
ACTUALIDAD
TV SERIES
VÍDEOS
Lewandowski shines as Poland triumphs over Scotland
FC BARCELONA
Poland's Lewandowski shines as they edge out Scotland in thrilling Nations League opener!

Lewandowski shines as Poland triumphs over Scotland

JAVIER GASCÓN

Actualizado a 05/09/2024 18:00 EDT

Poland defeated Scotland 3-2 at Glasgow's Hampden Park to kick off their campaign in Group 1 of League A of the Nations League with a bang. At 36 years old, Robert Lewandowski stole the show with an assist and a penalty goal in the first half, which ended 2-0. The final 3-2 scoreline came in the 97th minute, after the Scottish team's comeback, with another penalty goal from the standout player of the match: Nicola Zalewski, Roma's 22-year-old left-footed midfielder.

Lewandowski set up Sebastian Szymanski in the eighth minute, who then scored with a left-footed shot from outside the box that hit the post before going in. Scotland thought they had equalized in the 23rd minute, but VAR intervened for a handball, denying McTominay a goal.

Before halftime, Poland's dynamic duo struck again to make it 2-0. Zalewski earned a penalty, which Lewandowski converted in the 44th minute with his new direct style. This goal marked his 84th for Poland in 153 games, tying him with the legendary Ferenc Puskas (Hungary and Spain) in 8th place on the list of international goal scorers. His next targets are Belgium's Romeu Lukaku and Ali Mabkhout (UAE) with 85 goals each. Mokhtar Dahari (Malaysia) is not far behind in 5th place with 89 goals.

Scotland displayed their resilience in the second half, leveling the score with a goal from Gilmour in the 46th minute. After Lewandowski was substituted in the 71st minute with Poland leading 2-1, McTominay scored again in the 76th minute to make it 2-2, this time legally.

With Scotland pushing for a comeback, Poland capitalized on a counterattack that led to the second penalty of the match. Without Lewandowski on the field, Zalewski stepped up and converted the penalty to make it 2-3.

This content has been translated and adapted from the Spanish version of the digital newspaper
MOSTRAR COMENTARIOS
LA VANGUARDIA
La forma más sencilla de optimizar tu digestión, según una experta en nutrición: toma este encurtido antes de cada comida
LATEST STORIES
Bengals Defeat Cowboys 27-20 to End Losing Streak
Sydney Thomas Teases a Comeback at This Week’s Orlando Fight Night
Jamie Foxx Roasts Diddy’s ‘Slippery’ Parties in New Netflix Special
Arik Gilbert's Next Chapter: Former 5-Star Tight End Hits the Transfer Portal
Taylor Swift Sends Caitlin Clark a Handwritten Note and Eras Tour Merch
Cargando siguiente contenido...
Mundo Deportivo

© Mundo Deportivo. All rights reserved.

Contact  Help  Legal Disclaimer  Cookies policy  Privacy policy  Advertising  Configuración de Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mundodeportivo.com/us/en/soccer/20240905/699974/lewandowski-shines-as-poland-triumphs-over-scotland-nrt.html 
 ----- 
