IndiaFriday , Jan 3 , 2025
India-Singapore Economic Partnership Grows With New MOUs And Investments
Home - India-Singapore Economic Partnership Grows with New MOUs and Investments
POLITICS
India-Singapore Economic Partnership Grows With New MOUs And Investments
By AsiaOne September, 06 2024
 Post Views: 34

Prime Minister Narendra Modi met with Singaporean CEOs and other prominent business leaders to explore opportunities to strengthen economic ties between the two countries. He asserted that he believes India’s reforms to boost investment and innovation will strengthen bilateral ties.

In a post on X, PM Modi said, “Interacted with top business leaders and CEOs in Singapore. We discussed ways to enhance economic linkages, focusing on reforms that will encourage investment and innovation.”

Goh Chok Tong, Singapore’s Emeritus Senior Minister and former prime minister was also a guest of honour during Prime Minister Modi’s visit. They discussed the potential for increased cooperation between India and Singapore in length. To ignite the “India Fever” in Singapore, PM Modi praised Goh’s expertise and acknowledged his value to the country.

The most important result of the visit was the opening of an Invest India Office in Singapore, which will assist investors from Singapore in a variety of industries. The program, according to Jaideep Mazumdar, MEA Secretary East, is well-timed because it gives CEOs a better understanding of the investment climate in India.

In addition, four MOUs were inked, addressing collaboration in the areas of digital technologies, education, healthcare, talent development, and semiconductors.

Post Navigation
Previous article
Undersea Mountain 4 Times Taller Than Burj Khalifa Discovered In Pacific
Next article
PM Modi Explores Semiconductor Collaboration With Singapore
Popular Articles
POLITICS
Brics Welcomes Thailand As Newest Partner Nation
POLITICS
Romania, Bulgaria Fully Join EU’s Borderless Schengen Zone
POLITICS
Singapore 2024: A New Prime Minister In Saddle, City-State Elevates Ties With India
POLITICS
Morocco Proposes Family Law Reforms To Improve Women’s Rights
POLITICS
PM Modi Speaks With King Charles III, Discusses Climate Action And Sustainability
POLITICS
Indian, US Officials Meet To Chart Next Steps In Space Collaboration
POLITICS
Australian Deputy PM Highlights Saudi Arabia’s Strategic Importance During Visit
POLITICS
Modi To Visit Kuwait On Dec 21-22, First Indian PM To Do So In 43 Years
POLITICS
Vietnam PM Eyes Expansion Of Defence Cooperation, U.S. Offers To Play Role
POLITICS
Modi Says India Plans To Supply LNG To Sri Lanka, Connect Power Grids
ABOUT

United World Group is a business conglomerate, being run by a group of family offices operating in the areas of Publishing & Research, Real Estate and Media Consulting.

Our strategic approach to create excellence and preservation is the cornerstone of our business. We have achieved our success by careful analysis, project valuation techniques, and innovative strategies. We have presence in the Middle East, India and Singapore for a decade and understand the core business essence of the regions of Asia, South Asia, Africa, Middle East, Americas, Australia and the Indian Subcontinent.

Read more
USEFUL LINKS
About Us
Nominate Your Brand
Advertise with Us
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
Contact us
World’s Greatest Brands & Leaders
Asia’s Greatest Brands & Leaders
India’s Greatest Brands & Leaders
CONTACT INFO
UWG Media Consulting Pvt Ltd.
Office No. 606, 6th Floor DLF South Court,
Saket District Center New Delhi – 110017
+91-8800840423, +91-11-43281161
+91-9873437762, +91-11-43281168
India@asiaone.co.in
Dubai@asiaone.co.in
Singapore@asiaone.co.in
global@asiaone.co.in

© 2020 AsiaOne Media Holdings LLC.
Website Design & Development By Grid Technology Solutions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://asiaone.co.in/india-singapore-economic-partnership-grows-with-new-mous-and-investments/ 
 ----- 
