  
THIS IS AN ARCHIVED TOPIC WHICH IS NOT REGULARLY UPDATED

Marcus Stoinis fireworks steer Australia to victory over Sri Lanka

Stoinis smashed the fastest T20I half-century by an Australian to help his side chase down 158 with 21 balls to spare

Tom Whitbread | 25/10/2022 at 15:48

Perth: Sri Lanka 157-6, Australia 158-3 - Australia won by seven wickets

Scorecard

Marcus Stoinis smashed the fastest T20I half-century by an Australian to help his side bounce back from their defeat against New Zealand and beat Sri Lanka by seven wickets in Perth.

The allrounder came out to bat with his team still needing 69 runs off 46 balls and captain Aaron Finch struggling to find boundaries before delivering a masterclass in powerful hitting.

He brought up his half-century off just 17 balls and finished unbeaten in 59, including four fours and six sixes. At one stage, Australia looked in serious danger of losing the match but Stoinis' ruthless display brought the two points home with 21 deliveries to spare.

Chasing 158, the defending champions started slowly and lost David Warner early in the powerplay.

Stoinis in action during his onslaught [Paul Kane/Getty Images]

Glenn Maxwell (23 off 12) made a stylish cameo to restore Australia's mojo before a well-directed bouncer from Lahiru Kumara struck him in the throat. He was caught in the deep shortly after, allowing Stoinis to come in for his record-breaking knock.

Finch struggled for fluidity at the other end but stuck around to hit the winning runs.

Earlier, Australia opted to bowl first and were quickly rewarded as Pat Cummins removed in-form opner Kusal Mendis in the second over.

With some smart running between the wickets, Pathum Nissanka (45 off 40) and Dhananjaya de Silva (26 off 23) did a good job rebuilding Sri Lanka's innings, amassing a 69-run partnership in 58 balls.

But a superb boundary catch from David Warner broke the partnership and gave Ashton Agar, coming in for Adam Zampa (Covid-19), his first wicket of the tournament.

From that point, wickets began to tumble, with Bhanuka Rajapaksa, Dasun Shanaka and Wanindu Hasaranga all departing cheaply after Nissanka was run out.

At 120 for 6 in the 18th, they were on course for an under-par score before some great striking from Charith Asalanka (38 off 25), who had been starved of strike for much of his innings, helped the Asia Cup champions post a competitive total of 157.

Related Topics
Injury concern for Sri Lanka as Binura Fernando limps off against Australia

16
Shares
 Share
Comments
Your name
Your email

Your comment ....
Post Comment 
No comments received yet - Be the first!
LATEST NEWS
A Bazball reality check, county concerns and ECB failures - the best of George Dobell in 2024

Features | The Cricketer

The Big Three will return, Ireland's next superstar and the diary of a cricket writer - the best of our columnists in 2024

Features | The Cricketer

Northamptonshire link sparks Bedford hopes of producing next Emilio Gay

Schools | The Cricketer

STAY UP TO DATE
Sign up to our newsletter...
I confirm I would like to receive The Cricketer Newsletter which may include other news and promotions from The Cricketer
SIGN UP

Units 7-8, 35-37 High St, Barrow upon Soar, Loughborough, LE128PY

website@thecricketer.com

Welcome to www.thecricketer.com - the online home of the world’s oldest cricket magazine. Breaking news, interviews, opinion and cricket goodness from every corner of our beautiful sport, from village green to national arena.

About Us
Contact
Advertise
Meet The Team
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecricketer.com/Topics/mens-t20-world-cup-2022/australia_v_sri_lanka_20222_t20_world_cup_score_scorecard_result_report.html 
 ----- 
