News Partner
Philadelphia 76ers
Sixers drop to 1-4 after frustrating 124-107 loss to Grizzlies
By Justin Crosby
Posted on November 3, 2024
Nov 2, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Philadelphia 76ers guard Tyrese Maxey (0) drives past Memphis Grizzlies forward Santi Aldama (7) during the second quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images
 Sign up for our email newsletter to stay up-to-date on the latest local sports news throughout Philadelphia.

The Philadelphia 76ers came into tonight’s game against the Memphis Grizzlies looking to bounce back from their loss Wednesday night to Tobias Harris and the Detroit Pistons. It’s been a rough start to the season for the Sixers, who have started their season 1-3, while Memphis has a 3-3 record in the Western Conference.

The Sixers were still without two of their stars, Paul George and Joel Embiid, who were both still recovering from their respective knee injuries. Tyrese Maxey has done his best to try to keep the team afloat, but his offense hasn’t been efficient, so the team offense has struggled. They will need someone else to step up to take the pressure off of the all-star guard.

Never miss a play!
Get the latest local sports news delivered to your inbox.
SIGN UP

The Grizzlies have also dealt with injuries to start this season, with Ja Morant and Jaren Jackson Jr. missing time already. They were without Desmond Bane, Marcus Smart, and a few other players in their Saturday matchup with the Sixers. Memphis came into Philly coming off a blowout win against the Milwaukee Bucks, looking to notch another win under their belts.

The first quarter started off slow offensively for both squads, with the Sixers shooting only 30 percent through the first half of the quarter. After that first timeout of the quarter, the offense got going for both teams, but for Philly, Kelly Oubre Jr went to work. He hit three of his four three-point attempts in the first quarter. Oubre and Tyrese Maxey helped the Sixers with solid shooting from deep to allow them to lead after one quarter, 28-24.

Early in the second quarter, the Sixers got a scoring boost from Eric Gordon off the bench. He was able to get ten points in the quarter to lift up an offense that had been struggling a little. Maxey and Gordon helped the Sixers build a 7-point lead midway through the quarter. For the Grizzlies, it wasn’t the household names who led them in scoring. It was two-way player Jaylen Wells who made the Sixers pay when the defense lapsed on him. He had 14 first-half points, while Ja Morant dished his way to seven first-half assists. While the home team went cold, Memphis started to heat up and ended the first half up seven.

The second half was all Grizzlies, with Ja Morant asserting himself early in the third quarter to help push their lead into double digits. It wasn’t just Morant who dominated, it was little known Jay Huff who started to rain wide open threes down on the Sixers. Rebounding also started to rear its ugly head again for a squad that has continued to have issues with it for the last few years.

The bench squad, including Jared McCain, tried to make a push in the fourth and cut the lead down to 14 points, but it wasn’t enough. McCain was the only bright spot in an otherwise brutal second half for the Sixers all around. The Grizzlies toppled the Sixers 124-107, dropping them to 1-4 on the season before they head out west for a three-game swing.

Must see TV
Nov 2, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Memphis Grizzlies guard Ja Morant (12) drives for a score past Philadelphia 76ers center Andre Drummond (5) during the third quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

Ja Morant continues to show that when he is healthy and focused on basketball, he is one of the best attractions in the NBA. Although he wasn’t scoring as much tonight, he still made his team better around him. He made some insane passes throughout, making the Sixers pay for focusing so much on him. He found shooters in the corners and had a ridiculous mid-air behind-the-back pass in the first half. When he did find his rhythm on offense, he had the crowd ohhhing and ahhhing due to his acrobatic layups. If the NBA forgot how good he is, he would surely be back to show them who he is.

Still an Achilles’ heel
Nov 2, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. (13) dunks the ball past Philadelphia 76ers forward KJ Martin (1) during the fourth quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

Rebounding, which has haunted the Sixers for a couple of years now, showed up as a problem area again against the Grizzlies. They were outrebounded 52-33 (11 offensive), which led to extra chances for Memphis to score. They were also dominated in the paint, giving up 70 to their 34. The team is obviously missing one of their best rebounders and their best overall defender with Embiid out, but they have to be better. When asked about it postgame, head coach Nick Nurse commented, “We had a difficult time on the glass, we had a difficult time guarding the low post…we had a difficult time kind with some lob stuff at the rim.”

The team has an obvious hole for a true “power forward” spot, and they need to explore filling it.

Non-household names
Nov 2, 2024; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA; Memphis Grizzlies center Jay Huff (30) dunks the ball against the Philadelphia 76ers during the third quarter at Wells Fargo Center. Mandatory Credit: Bill Streicher-Imagn Images

Ja Morant and Jaren Jackson Jr ended up dominating the Sixers in the end, but throughout much of the game, it was the nonhousehold names that did damage. Two-way player Jaylen Wells did damage in the first half, while Jay Huff did his in the second half. Wells ended the night with 15 points and five rebounds, while Huff scored 20 points and pulled down five rebounds of his own.

It seems like nights like these where rather unknown players have good nights against the Sixers. If the game plan is to let the “others” beat you, you have to do a better job of shutting down the main guys. The defense can’t give up both.

Related Articles
Sixers’ Tyrese Maxey discusses building offensive chemistry
Sixers struggle mightily against Tobias Harris’ Pistons, fall 95-105
Sixers ‘hope to have a better indication’ of Embiid and George’s progress on Friday
The Sixers’ lack of transparency has only hurt themselves and their fans
Jobs in Philadelphia
ADD YOUR JOB
Loach Janitorial Cleaning
Cleaning Manager
The Franklin Institute
Operations Technician I
Bucks County Windows
Marketing Intern
VIEW ALL JOBS…
Things to do in Philadelphia

 POST AN EVENT

Today, 4 pm
“LET IT GLOW!” A Holiday Lantern Spectacular

Bergen County Zoo
Today, 7 pm
The Murder Mystery Co’s Dinner Theater Show

cavanaugh’s headhouse
Tomorrow, 1 pm
The 42nd Annual Boar’s Head & Yule Log Festival

St. Peter’s Lutheran Church
Tomorrow, 8 pm
Renegade: The Ultimate Tribute to Styx at Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia

Live! Casino & Hotel Philadelphia
Jan. 12, 11 am
Hibernation Happenings

Tenafly Nature Center
Jan. 12, 1 pm
Disney’s Encanto Sing Along

Bergen Performing Arts Center

VIEW ALL EVENTS…

More from our Sister Sites
Tailgate Sports
MLB Over/Under Bet of the Day: June 13, Royals vs Giants
AMNY
Congestion pricing: NYPD catching dozens of scofflaws, and even wanted criminals, in Manhattan toll enforcement operations
The Brooklyn Game
Offseason checklist: What Brooklyn Nets have to do this summer
Metro Philadelphia
Iconic Center City Macy’s set to close in March
Contact Us
Work for Us
Networking Events
Jobs in Philadelphia
© 2025 Schneps Media
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phillysportsnetwork.com/2024/11/03/sixers-124-107-loss-grizzlies/ 
 ----- 
