Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Zach Edey
Zach Edey Stats Tonight: How did Grizzlies rookie perform vs 76ers away from home? (Nov. 2)
Zach Edey Stats Tonight: How did Grizzlies rookie perform vs 76ers away from home? (Nov. 2)
By
Juan Paolo David
Modified Nov 03, 2024 02:11 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Zach Edey Stats Tonight. (Photo: GETTY)

Zach Edey of the Memphis Grizzlies has been one of the best rookies in the NBA early in the season. Edey is playing well despite limited minutes as a starter, averaging 9.0 points and 5.0 rebounds. How did the Grizzlies rookie perform on Nov. 2 against the Philadelphia 76ers?

Edey had a solid game for the Grizzlies, registering the first double-double of his career. He finished with 10 points and 10 rebounds in Memphis' impressive 124-107 win over the Philadelphia 76ers. He played just 22 minutes, but his third quarter performance was one of the reasons why the Grizzlies built their lead.

Jaren Jackson Jr. had a game-high 27 points plus six rebounds, three steals and two blocks. Ja Morant contributed 18 points, six rebounds and 12 assists, while Jay Huff scored 20 points off the bench.

Trending

Here are Zach Edey's stats for the game:

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Players	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	TO	PF	MIN	FG	3PT	FT	+/-
Zach Edey	10	10	1	1	1	3	3	21:59	4-7	0-0	2-2	+15
How did Zach Edey perform vs. 76ers away from home?

Zach Edey started the game at center for a Memphis team already reeling from injuries, with seven players out on Saturday night. He was with Ja Morant, Jaylen Williams, Santi Aldama and Jaren Jackson Jr. in the startling lineup. He played just four minutes in the first quarter, scoring two points and grabbing just one rebound.

In the second quarter, the Purdue product re-entered the game with around five minutes remaining in the half. He added two points and four rebounds in the period, getting the final basket, a putback layup with 0.2 seconds left.

The Grizzlies used a smaller lineup in the first half, but they went back to their bigger five to start the second. Edey made his presence known by scoring six points in the quarter and disrupting the Sixers' offense when he was on the court.

Expand Tweet

Memphis took control of the game in the period and never looked back. Edey returned to finish the contest in the fourth quarter, scoring a basket with a minute left to get his double-double.

What's next for Zach Edey and the Grizzlies?

The Memphis Grizzlies continue their two-game road trip on Monday against the Brooklyn Nets. The Grizzlies are hoping to get more players healthy before returning home to face the LA Lakers on Nov. 6 and the Washington Wizards on Nov. 8.

Zach Edey will get plenty of opportunity against the Lakers, possibly in a matchup with Anthony Davis. Jay Huff has been playing phenomenal basketball off the bench for coach Taylor Jenkins. Huff can also stretch the defense, unlike the big rookie.

Nevertheless, Edey offers a lot for the Grizzlies depending on the matchup. He'll likely get more opportunities against the Wizards. They use a bigger lineup with players such as Alex Sarr and Jonas Valanciunas.

Grizzlies Nation! You can check out the latest Memphis Grizzlies Schedule and dive into the Grizzlies Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Memphis Grizzlies Philadelphia 76ers Zach Edey NBA Players and Roster 2024-25 NBA Stats
Edited by Juan Paolo David
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-zach-edey-stats-tonight-how-grizzlies-rookie-perform-vs-76ers-away-home-nov-2 
 ----- 
