NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Joel Embiid shoves columnist in 76ers locker room, per sources; NBA to investigate the incident
By The Athletic NBA Staff
Nov 3, 2024

561

By David Aldridge, Tony Jones and Sam Amick

Philadelphia 76ers star center Joel Embiid shoved a Philadelphia Inquirer columnist in the Sixers locker room Saturday night, multiple league sources confirmed to The Athletic. The physical altercation occurred after Embiid and the columnist, Marcus Hayes, argued following Philadelphia’s 124-107 loss to the Memphis Grizzlies.

Hayes, a longtime columnist for the Inquirer, and previously, the Philadelphia Daily News, recently wrote a column that Embiid considered personally disparaging to him and his family, which Embiid expressed to reporters after Friday’s practice.

In part, Embiid said he had done “way too much for this f—–g city to be treated like this.” The column in question, written Oct. 23, brought up Embiid’s son and his brother, Arthur, who died in a car crash at age 13 in 2014, a tragedy that Embiid has said on multiple occasions almost caused him to stop playing basketball. Embiid’s 4-year-old son is named Arthur, after his brother.

Embiid has yet to play in a game this season, one that has begun with a 1-4 start without Embiid and star forward Paul George, including Saturday’s loss.

Hayes went to the game Saturday and entered the team’s locker room after the game ended. Embiid sought him out, and their conversation soon deteriorated.

Hayes did not respond physically to Embiid’s shove, a team source said.

An NBA spokesman said Saturday, “We are aware of reports of an incident in the Sixers locker room this evening and are commencing an investigation.”

Embiid’s playing status this season has been a consistent source of conversation and frustration for the team and the seven-time All-Star, who has been injured every postseason for the past several years, a contributing factor to the franchise failing to get out of the second round of the playoffs during his tenure. Embiid and the 76ers have worked on a potential plan for the center to be able to play in the regular season but play fewer games to try to keep him healthy for the postseason.

Embiid had surgery on his left knee last February, which kept him out for much of the second half of the 2023-24 regular season. He returned for a first-round playoff series against the New York Knicks and was noticeably hobbled throughout the series. The Knicks won it in six games.

But Embiid played in the Paris Olympics for Team USA this summer, serving as its starting center, and appeared to be healthy. In 76ers training camp, though, minor swelling was discovered in his knee, and Embiid has been shelved since.

Hayes has written multiple columns in the last week-plus that have been harshly critical of Embiid, chiding him for his poor conditioning coming into the season after playing in the Olympics, and knocking Embiid for his numerous absences over the years.

“The degree of contempt Embiid has for his organization, for his industry, and, especially, for the fans who pay him all of his money is utterly flabbergasting,” Hayes wrote in an Oct. 23 column in the Inquirer. “Because fans buy the tickets, and fans watch TV, and fans buy the products on TV that are advertised. Embiid’s part of the bargain is to show up and play basketball. But he doesn’t even bother to be in good enough shape to hold up this part of the bargain.

It is incredible dereliction of duty. It is entirely unacceptable.”

In initial versions of the column, Hayes wrote this:

“Joel Embiid consistently points to the birth of his son, Arthur, as the major inflection point in his basketball career. He often says that he wants to be great to leave a legacy for the boy named after his little brother, who tragically died in an automobile accident when Embiid was in his first year as a 76er.”

That paragraph was taken out of later versions of the column that ran online.

This past Wednesday, after the NBA fined the 76ers $100,000 for what it called “inconsistent” statements from the team regarding Embiid’s health status, Hayes criticized Embiid again. Hayes suggested the team offer refunds to fans who bought tickets in good faith for home games this season, only to learn that Embiid would likely miss several games during the year to avoid playing in back to backs.

“Furthermore, it’s highly unlikely that Embiid will play in all of the ensuing home games, even if they’re not back-to-backs; after all, he’s missed 46 percent of regular-season games since the Sixers drafted him in 2014,” Hayes wrote. “So it’s fair to assume that he’ll miss 10 home games, none of them due to injury. That’s about 25 percent of what every full season-ticket holder paid for.”

On Friday, Hayes again criticized Embiid after Embiid clapped back against the criticism, saying he’d “done way too much for this f—–g city to be treated like this, so I’ve done way too f—— much.”

GO DEEPER

Joel Embiid to critics: 'I’ve done way too much for this f------ city'

In his Friday column, Hayes acknowledged Embiid’s MVP award, as well as his having carried the franchise, and said Embiid “might wind up being the best player in franchise history. But, unlike Wilt Chamberlain, Julius Erving, Moses Malone, and Allen Iverson, to name a few, Embiid’s teams have not advanced past the second round of the playoffs. And while Embiid has played through injury and sickness in the postseason, well, he’s not the only one. Here’s a thought: Be in better shape when the playoffs roll around and it won’t be so hard to play with any injuries that crop up.”

Embiid, 30, is in his 10th season with the Sixers, who drafted him with the No. 3 pick in 2014. He missed his first two NBA seasons due to a right foot injury, surgery and re-injuring his foot. But he began to assert himself in his third pro season and hasn’t looked back since, becoming the face of the controversial rebuilding plan the Sixers undertook that became known as “The Process.”

In eight seasons, Embiid has averaged 27.9 points, 11.2 rebounds and 3.6 assists in 433 regular-season games. But he’s been plagued by lower-body injuries throughout his career, many of which occurred either late in regular seasons or in playoff series.

After the Sixers made public comments about their plan to keep Embiid out of back-to-back games this season and then held him out for a nationally televised game against Milwaukee on Oct. 23, the NBA launched an investigation that ultimately confirmed the concern about his left knee.

GO DEEPER

NBA fines 76ers for misrepresenting statements regarding Embiid's absence

If the league had discovered that Embiid was, in fact, healthy and that the Sixers had decided to prioritize the playoffs while routinely resting him during the regular season, then the league’s hammer would have certainly fallen hard. But league sources told The Athletic that Embiid’s left knee, in the eyes of the NBA and the Sixers, was unstable enough that there was concern about further damage being done if he had played in these opening games to the regular season.

The league still fined the 76ers $100,000, but it was due to the public statements.

Required reading
Joel Embiid fires back at critics of his injuries: ‘I’ve done way too much for this f—— city’
NBA fines 76ers $100,000 for misrepresenting statements regarding Joel Embiid’s absence
Sixers lose season opener without their MVP: ‘Us winning cannot solely be on Joel Embiid’

(Photo: Justin Casterline / Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5893926/2024/11/03/joel-embiid-76ers-reporter-assault-locker-room/ 
 ----- 
