Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Arizona Diamondbacks Slugger Eugenio Suárez Joins Babe Ruth in MLB History Books
Eugenio Suárez, who leads MLB with 22 home runs and 60 RBI since July 1, had yet another big game for the Arizona Diamondbacks in their win over the Texas Rangers on Wednesday.
Sam Connon | Sep 12, 2024
Sep 3, 2024; San Francisco, California, USA; Arizona Diamondbacks third baseman Eugenio Suárez (28) is congratulated by left fielder Randal Grichuk (15) after he scored against the San Francisco Giants during the third inning at Oracle Park. / John Hefti-Imagn Images
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
New York Yankees

The Arizona Diamondbacks got their revenge on the Texas Rangers in historic fashion on Wednesday, but one of their top producers wasn't even on the 2023 World Series roster.

Eugenio Suárez arrived in Phoenix via trade last November, just three weeks after the D-Backs lost to the Rangers in the Fall Classic. He had spent the previous two seasons with the Seattle Mariners, and the seven years before that with the Cincinnati Reds.

Still, Suárez didn't pull any punches during the reigning champs' visit to Chase Field.

Suárez led off the second inning with a home run, singled in the fourth, doubled in the fifth and went yard again in the seventh. The 33-year-old veteran finished the contest 4-for-4 with two homers, two RBI and four runs, all while Arizona secured a 14-4 win.

Nobody in the entire league has more home runs or RBI than Suárez since July 1. The third baseman is batting .328 with 22 home runs, 60 RBI and a 1.068 OPS in that time, leading the Diamondbacks to an MLB-best 41-21 record without missing a single contest.

As noted by OptaSTATS, Suárez has now posted four four-hit games and four five-RBI games just since the start of July. Since RBI became an official stat in 1920, the only other MLB player to record at least four of each in July or later in a single season is Babe Ruth, who did so in 1927.

Standing in the history books alongside the Great Bambino is quite the accomplishment for Suárez, who was struggling mightily in the first half of 2024. After batting .353 with a .910 OPS through his first nine games in Arizona, Suárez hit .174 with a .546 OPS between April 7 and June 30.

That slump is clearly in Suárez's rear-view mirror, which is good news for the Diamondbacks as the postseason approaches.

Arizona currently owns sole possession of the top NL Wild Card spot at 82-64, and FanGraphs gives them a 93.2% chance of making the playoffs. Should the Diamondbacks make it to October again, perhaps Suárez's red-hot bat can get them to the finish line this time around.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 12, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/arizona-diamondbacks-third-baseman-eugenio-suarez-joins-new-york-yankees-hall-of-fame-legend-babe-ruth-in-mlb-history-books-4-hit-games-5-rbi-games-since-july-01j7kcg3cgyw 
 ----- 
