Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Ohio State vs. Texas LIVE
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
College Football Playoff Schedule
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Anthony Hopkins wildfire
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
NBA
Shaq's honest Caitlin Clark claim could rub Steph Curry (and some fans) the wrong way

Despite praising Clark's game, O'Neal's bold comparison to Curry adds fuel to an ongoing debate about the WNBA rookie

Shaq's Caitlin Clark Remark Reignites Steph Curry Comparisons(AP Photo/Erin Hooley)LAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 11/09/2024 - 19:09 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NBA. Carmelo Anthony is abandoned by his son in Paris after ignoring his concerns
NBA. Zach Guthrie reportedly set to become head coach of South Bay Lakers

It's not often you see Shaquille O'Neal shy away from bold takes, but his latest comparison might ruffle a few feathers in the NBA world-especially with Steph Curry. The Hall of Famer, who has always been outspoken about the WNBA, made headlines once again after praising Caitlin Clark, drawing a direct comparison between the rookie sensation and the reigning king of three-pointers, Steph Curry. However, in typical Shaq fashion, this was more than just a compliment-it sparked a new debate.

In the middle of yet another heated conversation with fellow TNT commentator Charles Barkley, O'Neal steered the conversation into unexpected territory. Barkley, as usual, had his own take, ranting about the so-called "jealousy" surrounding Caitlin Clark's rise in the WNBA. Shaq, on the other hand, wasn't biting. While Barkley pointed fingers, O'Neal stood firmly in the corner of Angel Reese, his LSU compatriot, but couldn't resist dropping a bombshell praise for Clark.

Shaq's admiration for Clark reached new heights after he attended his first WNBA game this season, watching Angel Reese debut the Reebok basketball shoe and Clark light up the court. Sitting courtside, O'Neal witnessed firsthand the Indiana Fever star drop 27 points against the Chicago Sky, leaving the 7-foot legend visibly impressed. But it wasn't just her scoring prowess that caught his attention-it was her uncanny ability to shoot from long range, something Shaq couldn't help but compare to the NBA's three-point maestro.

Shaq get smacked when he appeared on the the jumbotron

"When I see stuff on TV, it's one thing," Shaq said in an interview with USA Today. "But when I saw her live... she's got that Steph Curry range. She's making all the right plays, getting everyone involved. She's the real deal." A comment like that coming from one of the most dominant forces in NBA history carries weight, and it didn't take long for fans to run wild with the comparison. But there's one person who might not be too thrilled with it: Steph Curry himself.

Curry has long been the gold standard for perimeter shooting, and while he has acknowledged Clark's talents in the past, he's been careful to downplay direct comparisons. In an interview earlier this year, Curry expressed that focusing solely on Clark's shooting could overshadow the rest of her all-around game. "She's much more than just a shooter," Curry said. "She's a floor general. She racks up near triple-doubles every night. The shooting's her superpower, but there's so much more to her game."

O'Neal's bold comparison sparks debate online

It's no secret that Curry has been hesitant to see Clark boxed into the "next Steph" narrative. So when Shaq doubled down on that comparison, one could imagine Curry feeling a bit uneasy. Yet, fans are loving the discourse, eagerly dissecting the implications of Shaq's bold statement. For O'Neal, this wasn't about choosing sides-it was about recognizing greatness, and perhaps, as he later admitted, a touch of professional jealousy.

Shaq's loyalty to Angel Reese, of course, remains unwavering. Despite Reese's injury sidelining her for the remainder of the season, O'Neal has made it clear he sees her as a frontrunner for Rookie of the Year. However, after watching both Reese and Clark up close, Shaq now concedes the race is tighter than ever. "I've seen both of them play, and honestly, I can't call it,"O'Neal said. "They're both special."

Naturally, this didn't sit well with Barkley, who couldn't resist stirring the pot. In a recent episode of Inside the NBA, Barkley criticized the WNBA, claiming the league was suffering from "petty jealousy" surrounding Clark's rapid rise. Shaq, always quick with a rebuttal, didn't mince words in defending both Clark and Reese, while adding his own confession: "Yeah, I'm jealous. Professionally jealous. Of Steph, of Caitlin. I mean, Steph makes $60 million! Who wouldn't be?"

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry...
Marca
Steve Sarkis...
Marca

For Shaq, the envy doesn't stop at the paycheck. He's openly admitted that Curry and Clark's shooting skills are something he could only dream of. With a career marked by struggles at the free-throw line, O'Neal often finds himself at the center of these conversations. Yet, in typical Shaq fashion, he brushes it off with humor and humility."Look, Chuck can talk all he wants about hating," Shaq quipped. "It's not hate-it's just life. You deal with it."

As the debate rages on, one thing is certain: Shaq's words have once again stirred the pot, and this time, he may have brought Steph Curry into the fray. Whether Curry responds or not, the sports world is buzzing, and Caitlin Clark's rising star just got a little brighter, with O'Neal's honest admission fueling the fire.

NBA - English
WNBA - English
Shaquille O'Neal - English
Stephen Curry - English
Golden State Warriors - English
Caitlin Clark - English
Angel Reese - English
Indiana Fever - English
Charles Barkley - English
Indiana FeverCaitlin Clark takes over the cornfields in Indiana farm
Indiana FeverCaitlin Clark fires back at 'troll' after photo goes viral
Indiana FeverShaquille O'Neal changes his mind and makes important revelation
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Deion Sanders controls the NFL...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/2024/09/12/66e22fede2704e86138b45bd.html 
 ----- 
