News
Today's news
US
Politics
World
Tech
Climate change
Health
Science
Originals
Newsletters
Life
Health
Parenting
Style and beauty
Horoscopes
Shopping
Food
Travel
Autos
Gift ideas
Buying guides
Entertainment
Celebrity
TV
Movies
Music
How to Watch
Interviews
Videos
Finance
My portfolio
News
Markets
Sectors
Screeners
Personal finance
Videos
Crypto
Industries
Sports
Fantasy
Daily fantasy
NFL
MLB
NBA
NHL
Soccer
College football
Show all
New on Yahoo
Creators
Games
Tech
Editions
US
© 2024
All rights reserved.
Search query
Mail
Sign in
Advertisement
Close this content
Top Stories
Buildings impacted by fires
SCOTUS TikTok hearing
Wildfires live updates
Michelle Obama
Lack of water for wildfires
Karen Pence
Before and after wildfire
How to help wildfire victims
What 'fire containment' means
Photos: Jimmy Carter funeral
WKBN Youngstown
Thomas and Ramírez hit HRs as Guardians beat Rays
BRIAN DULIK (AP)
Sun, September 15, 2024 at 1:10 AM UTC
2 min read

CLEVELAND (AP) — Lane Thomas and José Ramírez hit back-to-back eighth-inning homers and Joey Cantillo pitched five scoreless innings as the AL Central-leading Cleveland Guardians beat the Tampa Bay Rays 6-1 on Saturday night.

The Guardians remained three games ahead of second-place Kansas City in the division with 13 games remaining. Cleveland has the best home record in the AL at 44-27 and is 85-64 overall, second in the league to the New York Yankees.

Josh Naylor’s two-run single through a drawn-in infield ignited a three-run sixth that extended Cleveland’s lead to 4-0. David Fry added a sacrifice fly off Tyler Alexander (6-5), scoring Ramírez, who had been intentionally walked for a franchise-record 88th time.

Advertisement

Thomas and Ramírez tacked on solo homers in the eighth against Hunter Bigge.

Cantillo (2-3) gave up three hits, walked one and struck out six in his sixth start in the majors. The left-hander threw 6 2/3 perfect innings — and worked a career-high seven — in earning his first win Monday at the White Sox.

Junior Caminero had a career-high three doubles for Tampa Bay, driving in the team’s only run in the eighth. The Rays fell to 4-5 on a 10-game trip through Baltimore, Philadelphia and Cleveland and are six back for the third AL wild card.

Cleveland went ahead 1-0 in the sixth on Brayan Rocchio’s double to right, scoring Andrés Giménez. Jhonkensy Noel also attempted to come home, but was thrown out on a relay from second baseman José Caballero.

Advertisement

Tampa Bay appeared to score in the fifth on Jose Siri’s single, but a replay review overturned the safe call at home on Josh Lowe. Thomas’ throw and Austin Hedges’ tag just beat Lowe’s left hand to the plate.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Rays: 2B Christopher Morel (right Achilles discomfort) was held out of the lineup one day after being removed in the third inning in Cleveland. Manager Kevin Cash said Morel “feels better now than he did when he came out of the game.”

Guardians: OF Steven Kwan (mid-low back tightness), who was a late scratch Friday, is considered day to day and will not be placed on the injured list. The All-Star left fielder underwent medical tests that revealed no structural damage.

Advertisement
More in Sports
Deion Sanders says there are a couple NFL teams he won't allow son Shedeur to play for
USA TODAY Sports
Barcelona only consider two of the club’s central defenders as untouchable
Get Spanish Football News
Brian Matusz, former Baltimore Orioles pitcher, dies at 37
NBC News
Carson Beck's girlfriend's school emerges as favorite to land UGA transfer QB
UGA Wire

UP NEXT

Rays RHP Taj Bradley (6-10, 4.40 ERA) takes on Guardians RHP Ben Lively (11-9, 4.01 ERA) in the four-game series finale. Lively was struck on his right leg by Dominic Fletcher’s liner in his last start Tuesday at the White Sox, exiting after 1 2/3 innings.v

Copyright 2024 Nexstar Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

For the latest news, weather, sports, and streaming video, head to WKBN.com.

Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
View comments
About Our Ads
Solve the daily Crossword
29,625 people played the daily Crossword recently. Can you solve it faster than others?
Crossword
Play on Yahoo
Advertisement
Recommended articles
Brian Matusz, former Baltimore Orioles pitcher, dies at 37
NBC News
Latest MLB Rumors on Arenado, Sasaki and more ahead of spring training
USA TODAY Sports
Yankees agree to terms with four arbitration-eligible players
SNY
Mets agree to terms with all six arbitration-eligible players
SNY
Yankees’ 3rd base trade target ‘open minded’ to waiving no-trade clause
Empire Sports Media
Deion Sanders says there are a couple NFL teams he won't allow son Shedeur to play for
USA TODAY Sports
Cotton Bowl predictions: Does Ohio State or Texas advance in College Football Playoff?
USA TODAY Sports
Wooly Husky's Epic Game of Peekaboo with Mom Ends in the Funniest 'Draw'
Parade Pets
Is Notre Dame football kicker Mitch Jeter related to New York Yankees great Derek Jeter?
USA TODAY Sports
Carson Beck's girlfriend's school emerges as favorite to land UGA transfer QB
UGA Wire
Barstool Sports Employees Who’ve Shared Details on Salaries and Contract Negotiations Over the Years
Us Weekly
Giants agree to contracts with three players to avoid arbitration
NBC Sports BayArea
Bengals floated as possible trade suitor for shocking name
Bengals Wire
Where to Find the 2025 Chili Bowl Nationals on TV, Livestream
Autoweek
Nick Saban predicts Notre Dame vs. Penn State Orange Bowl winner
Roll Tide Wire
Liv Morgan Breaks Silence After the Shocking Championship Loss on WWE RAW
COMINGSOON.net
Cincinnati Bengals named fit for Buffalo Bills star in free agency
Bengals Wire
Notre Dame Head Coach Marcus Freeman and Wife Joanna Freeman’s Relationship Timeline
Us Weekly
Chiefs DB Jaylen Watson gave heartwarming gift to fan who shoveled his snow
Chiefs Wire
Brian Kelly was the biggest loser of Notre Dame's Orange Bowl win
FTW Outdoors
2025 NFL mock draft: Expert projections for top picks ahead of wild card weekend
USA TODAY Sports
Final score predictions for the Cotton Bowl between Ohio State and Texas
Nittany Lions Wire
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt
Yahoo Sports
Jim Ross Rejected Offer From Tammy Sytch To Move In With Him
Wrestle Zone
NFL WAG Breaks Down Harsh Realities of Family's Finances as She Addresses Biggest Misconceptions: 'We’re Not Millionaires'
People
Pete Alonso or not, Mets must add another legitimate bat this offseason
SNY
Matthew Berry's Fantasy Football Playoff Rankings for 2025
NBC Sports
Deion Sanders names one condition for his interest in NFL coaching jobs
USA TODAY Sports
Star quarterback enters transfer portal
Buckeyes Wire
What channel is Texas-Ohio State on? Time, TV schedule for College Football Playoff
Austin American-Statesman
Newest Deshaun Watson injury potentially jeopardizes his guaranteed money
Browns Wire
Cam Taylor-Britt, Travis Kelce involved in Bengals vs. Chiefs spat
Bengals Wire
Lamar Jackson repeats and Ja’Marr Chase and Justin Jefferson are unanimous choices for AP All-Pro
Associated Press
Watch Tom Izzo address the Izzone alumni after win over Washington
Spartans Wire
Report: Sabres & Red Wings Almost Made Blockbuster Trade
The Hockey News - Buffalo Sabres
Latest Jerod Mayo story sheds light on questionable coaching methods
Patriots Wire
Bowl game schedule today: Notre Dame, Penn State meet in College Football Playoff
USA TODAY Sports
NHL hits halfway point: Surprises, disappointments and awards leaders
USA TODAY Sports
5 QBs the Browns should consider in free agent/trade market
Browns Wire
Social Media Explodes as YesJulz Addresses Long-Standing LeBron Affair Rumors—Again!
WHERE IS THE BUZZ
The Story Behind The Chicago Steakhouse Chain Owned By A Sports Legend
Chowhound
Brittney Griner says she went to Russia to make $1 million a year—and spent 10 months in detention: ‘The whole reason a lot of us go over is the pay gap’
Fortune
Australian Open draw 2025: Novak Djokovic gets a tough run, Coco Gauff leads U.S. matchups
The Athletic
What is a Nittany Lion? Explaining Penn State nickname ahead of Orange Bowl vs Notre Dame
USA TODAY Sports
Rangers Unleashing Arthur Kaliyev And Matt Rempe
The Hockey News - New York Rangers
Ohio State running back enters transfer portal
Buckeyes Wire
Australian Open draw: Novak Djokovic handed monster route as Emma Raducanu and Jack Draper learn fate
The Independent
LSU's Kim Mulkey explains why she gave Lady Vols coach Kim Caldwell a baby present right before tipoff
The Tennessean
Detroit Tigers avoid arbitration with all nine eligible players for $26.76 million in 2025
Detroit Free Press
Competition updates: New provisional spot added to Cup Series field; Damaged Vehicle Policy revised
NASCAR.com
Advertisement
Yahoo!
US
Politics
2024 Election
World
Health
Science
The 360
Contact Us
Originals
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Site Map
Follow us on
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yahoo.com/news/thomas-ram-rez-hit-hrs-011050523.html 
 ----- 
