Light
Home
News
Teams
Premier League
F365 Favourites
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
News
Chelsea: Maresca’s Side Booed By Home Fans As They Fail To Inspire Optimism In Unconvincing UECL Win
Chelsea: Maresca’s side booed by home fans as they fail to inspire optimism in unconvincing UECL win
News Desk
22 Aug 2024 11:03 PM
Christopher Nkunku could soon leave Chelsea

Chelsea struggled en route to a 2-0 win over Servette in the first leg of their Conference League play-off at Stamford Bridge on Thursday night.

It was head coach Enzo Maresca’s second game in charge of Chelsea. Despite this, signs of discontent are already being heard from home supporters, who booed the team off at the end of a first half in which they could not muster a serious attacking threat against the side currently fifth in the Swiss league table.

'I'm in love with Wes' | Maresca...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
Colwill: Chelsea are out the title race...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
The Verdict: Arsenal 'not feeling the...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Moyes: Upbringing played huge part in...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
Carra, Nev and Smith praise Southgate...
In-stadium VAR announcements to be...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
<
>

Christopher Nkunku’s 50th-minute penalty, won thanks to a rare incisive pass played by summer signing Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall, to finally break down Servette, who had been managing to cope with the Blues with relative ease until that point and could have taken the lead through winger Dereck Kutesa.

Madueke came off the bench to score Chelsea’s second and hand them a healthy lead ahead of the return leg in Geneva next Thursday.

Maresca made nine changes to the team that lost to Manchester City on Sunday with only Moises Caicedo, who captained the team for the first time, and Nkunku remaining.

That meant full debuts for six summer signings, amongst them striker Marc Guiu who was inches from opening the scoring in the second minute, rounding the goalkeeper from fellow full debutant Dewsbury-Hall’s through pass but failing to reach the ball before it squirmed from his reach behind the goal.

MORE ON CHELSEA MESS FROM F365:
👉 Chelsea ‘bomb squad’, Enzo Fernandez and Joao Felix in ranking of 22 Todd Boehly mistakes
👉 Reassigning the Chelsea ‘bomb squad’: Sterling to Premier League rivals; Real Madrid land full-back
👉 No sympathy for Enzo Maresca; he signed up for the Chelsea threshing machine

Servette carried their own threat and broke through Chelsea’s lines when Kutesa played a one-two inside the box with Keigo Tsunemoto before streaking past Axel Disasi and striking a low effort that was deflected away by goalkeeper Filip Jorgensen.

Chelsea were relying heavily on their two wide forwards, Mykhailo Mudryk and Pedro Neto, but though both were frequently on the ball, neither player provided the delivery or penetration necessary to find a way in behind Servette.

Ad

There was more success when Mudryk tried to cut inside. Guiu held the ball up well for him midway through the first half giving the Ukrainian room to shoot, but he dragged his shot tamely wide of the post.

Nkunku sought a more central route through, intercepting a loose pass and charging through the middle to feed Mudryk, who slipped it wide for Neto to come inside and shoot left footed. His effort lacked bite and landed cleanly in the arms of Jeremy Frick, encapsulating Chelsea’s first-half labours.

One and a half matches into Maresca’s tenure, the team left the pitch to a smattering of jeers from home fans.

Chelsea’s play had been breaking down in wide positions, but in the second minute after the interval Dewsbury-Hall sought to play directly down the middle, finding the run of Nkunku who reached the ball before Frick and, though heading away from goal, was brought down. From the resulting penalty, he fired calmly into the corner for 1-0.

Guiu made a horrendous mess of an open goal, before Maresca sent on Cole Palmer in search of a creative glint.

Instead it was two other second-half substitutes who provided the goal, Enzo Fernandez launching the ball up the right wing for Madueke to streak onto it and lash the ball in at the near post to settle nerves.

Jorgensen saved well to his right from Jeremy Guillemenot after Chelsea gave the ball away in defence, before Tiemoko Ouattara cracked the bar as Chelsea survived gratefully with their two-goal lead in tact.

READ: Sterling’s ‘future lies in Saudi’ for ‘two reasons’ as Souness pinpoints Boehly’s ‘major problem’


Question 1
Marc Cucurella cost £55m. Was the fee Chelsea paid for Romeo Lavia higher or lower?
use 
hint
Higher
Lower

Chelsea
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Mailbox
Arsenal ‘plastic fans’ are ‘humiliating themselves’ with Arteta impatience
02 Jan 2025
50
Mikel Arteta
Amorim tactical rigidity not the problem – Manchester United players ‘are knowingly failing to perform’
01 Jan 2025
23
Ruben Amorim
Amorim must stop copying ‘shamelessly negligent’ relegated manager and be more like O’Neill
01 Jan 2025
9
Martin O'neill
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer
Amorim slammed as unprofessional and blasted over lack of ‘common sense’ with training comments
31 Dec 2024
20
Joshua Zirkzee
Ruben Amorim
Premier League Table
Full Table
#	TEAM	P	W	D	L	GD	PTS

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


View More
Mediawatch
Arsenal dream of truly ‘unbelievable’ four-man transfer spree after first deal ‘sealed’
02 Jan 2025
3
Mo Salah ‘not happy’ after ‘huge update’ that’s not an update at all
23 Dec 2024
2
Mohamed Salah
Rashford slammed for taking ‘flamethrower’ to Amorim relationship as ‘era of tough-nut footballer’ dies with Walker
20 Dec 2024
1
Kyle Walker
Marcus Rashford
Ruben Amorim and the 14 words that created Marcus Rashford ‘big, big headlines’
19 Dec 2024
2
Marcus Rashford
Ruben Amorim
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Football365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.football365.com/news/chelsea-maresca-side-booed-servette-report 
 ----- 
