Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
Manchester United
Man Utd Transfers: Shock Ederson Bid 'submitted' As Dan Ashworth Lines Up Next Signing After Manuel Ugarte
Manchester United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.manutd.com
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Man Utd ‘submit’ shock Ederson bid as Dan Ashworth lines up next transfer after Manuel Ugarte
Harry Watkinson
22 Aug 2024 11:09 AM

Man Utd remain keen on Atalanta star Ederson as they close in on Manuel Ugarte

Manchester United are on the verge of signing Paris Saint-Germain star Manuel Ugarte but a shock report claims they have another top midfielder on their radar.

Sporting director Dan Ashworth has been chasing Ugarte for much of the summer and sources have confirmed to TEAMtalk that the Red Devils are close to tying up a deal worth around £50m.

'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
'He almost got cheered off' | Neville...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
What is your team's manager looking for...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
<
>

The Uruguayan international is likely to join on a season-long loan with an obligation to buy inserted into the agreement.

But with Man Utd midfielders Casemiro, Scott McTominay and Christian Eriksen all facing an uncertain future at Old Trafford, the club have been tipped to bring in another centre-mid.

According to journalist Alfredo Pedulla, Man Utd are in talks with Atalanta over a potential move for Brazilian midfielder Ederson, who has previously been linked with Liverpool and Aston Villa.

The 25-year-old played a key role in Atalanta’s fantastic 2023/24 campaign that saw them win the Europa League and finish fourth in the Serie A table.

Man Utd’s representatives have been in talks with Atalanta to sort out the paperwork for Rasmus Hojlund’s move to Old Trafford last summer and Ederson was reportedly a big topic of conversation.

READ MORE: Leeds reach full agreement for former Man Utd star as Fabrizio Romano drops ‘here we go’ confirmation

Man Utd make surprise move for Serie A maestro

According to Pedulla, Man Utd viewed their recent meeting with Atalanta as the ‘right opportunity’ to sign Ederson. They are said to have a ‘great relationship’ with the Italian side due to their previous business.

The report claims that the Red Devils have tabled a bid of €50m (£42.5m) for the Brazilian, which, if true, would be a major shock as they try and finalise a deal for Ugarte.

However, the bid ‘was not entertained’ by Atalanta, who are determined to keep hold of their best players for the coming season.

Ad

The Italian club are likely to lose another key midfielder in Teun Koopmeiners this summer amid interest from Juventus and therefore, selling Ederson too seems unlikely.

Ad

Sources have informed TEAMtalk that Man Utd have shown an interest in Ederson this summer but there is no indication that a bid as been made as they don’t want to jeopardise their move for Ugarte.

McTominay, Casemiro and Eriksen would likely have to be sold before the Red Devils but down a big money offer for another midfielder.

We understand that Man Utd could make another addition after Ugarte, but Ashworth’s priority at this stage is to sign a new left-back.

Luke Shaw and Tyrell Malacia continue to face injury problems and therefore Erik ten Hag wants more cover for the duo.

Chelsea outcast Ben Chilwell is one potential option for the Red Devils, along with free agent Marcos Alonso.

DON’T MISS: What Man Utd would lose by selling Scott McTominay: Five factors to make Ten Hag think twice

 

Ad
Question 1
Bruno Fernandes joined Man Utd in January 2020. Did Harry Maguire join before or after?
use 
hint
Before
After

Manchester United
Atalanta
Ederson Silva
Manuel Ugarte
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Harry Watkinson
21 Dec 2024
Man Utd and Man City submit ‘€70m bids’ for Serie A star as spectacular January transfer battle ignites

The defensive midfielder has been superb for Atalanta since joining the Italian club and both Manchester clubs have reportedly made the first concrete move in the race for his signature

Manchester United
Ederson Silva
James Holland
20 Dec 2024
Man Utd ‘serious’ about £50m Serie A deal, with ‘concrete’ talks to start after hurdle overcome

Man Utd hold firm interest in a top Serie A star, setting up a potential transfer battle with rivals Man City

Manchester United
Ederson Silva
Rudy Galetti
18 Dec 2024
Man City prepare blockbuster move for Serie A star as Guardiola waits for ‘dream’ Newcastle raid

Pep Guardiola is keen to sign a new midfielder in January and Man City have a number of targets on their shortlist, although the manager will have to wait to get his 'dream' signing

Manchester City
Bruno Guimaraes
James Holland
17 Dec 2024
Man Utd star who’s ‘horrible’ for opponents to face named unsung hero of derby win

A Man Utd star has received praise for being 'horrible' to play against after he helped Ruben Amorim's side beat rivals Man City at the weekend

Manchester United
Manuel Ugarte
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
20 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
4 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
21 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
7 hours ago
1
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/manchester-united/man-utd-submit-shock-ederson-bid-as-dan-ashworth-lines-up-next-transfer-after-manuel-ugarte 
 ----- 
