Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Australia
Joe Schmidt Demands ‘better’ From Wallabies Despite Series Nilling Of Wales
Joe Schmidt demands ‘better’ from Wallabies despite series nilling of Wales
David Skippers
13 Jul 2024 3:38 PM

Wallabies head coach Joe Schmidt ahead of their Test against Wales.

Despite securing a 2-0 series victory over Wales courtesy of their 36-28 triumph in Melbourne on Saturday, Wallabies head coach Joe Schmidt believe there is still plenty of room for improvement.

In a match in which the momentum ebbed and flowed throughout, Australia held a slight edge throughout although both sides crossed for four tries apiece.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

Filipo Daugunu led the way with a brace for the Wallabies while Jake Gordon and Allan Alaalatoa also dotted down with Dewi Lake (2), Liam Williams and Rio Dyer scoring Wales‘ tries.

Fine start from Wallabies

Australia raced into a 17-0 lead by the 25th minute but Wales came back strongly and the match was still up for grabs at half-time with the Wallabies leading 23-14 at the interval.

“It was tough, bit of relief at the end there,” said Wallabies captain James Slipper. “It was scrappy from us for sure, it wasn’t our best game, but we got the result. There’s plenty to work on though.”

Schmidt echoed Slipper’s sentiments and said although he was happy with his team’s victory, there are still plenty of work-ons for his team.

“I’m relieved, but, boy, are we going to have to be a lot better than that,” he said.

Filipo Daugunu double helps Wallabies claim first series whitewash of Joe Schmidt era

Ad

“We made the most of a few chances, which was great … there’s some promising things we can anchor on and some things that are massive work-ons for us.

“We got out to 17-0, like we did last week when we got out to 13-0, then we let them back in. It is frustrating when you give teams access back into the game.”

Wales’ winless run continues

The result means Wales have now lost their last nine matches under the guidance of Warren Gatland and they are currently languishing in 11th position in World Rugby’s official rankings.

Should Wales sack Warren Gatland?
No - give the coach more time
Yes - results aren't good enough

Although they did well to fight back after trailing 17-0 in the opening half, Wales continued to make a plethora of errors which proved costly in the end.

“We never gave up, we had a never-say-die attitude,” said Wales captain Lake.

“But obviously, we are a young team, and we don’t have enough experience really at the Test level. What matters is results and we are not giving ourselves those at the moment.”

Ad

READ MORE: Wallabies v Wales: Five takeaways as series defeat raises questions over Warren Gatland’s future

Australia
Joe Schmidt
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
01 Jan 2025
Wallabies progress under Joe Schmidt receives blunt verdict from Laurie Fisher

Wallabies forwards coach Laurie Fisher gives his verdict on the team's recent progress under the guidance of head coach Joe Schmidt.

David Skippers
20 Dec 2024
Wallabies: Rookie front-row a shock selection for camp as part of Lions build-up

Wallabies boss Joe Schmidt has included a rookie front-row in a 40-man squad for a three-day training camp in Sydney in January.

Colin Newboult
11 Dec 2024
Identity of Joe Schmidt’s likely successor revealed as Rugby Australia anger club by ‘speaking’ to top candidate – report

Rugby Australia may have already found their next head coach should Joe Schmidt depart.

David Skippers
10 Dec 2024
Joe Schmidt and Rugby Australia set for showdown talks on Wallabies contract situation

Rugby Australia have revealed that they could have an update on Wallabies head coach Joe Schmidt's contract situation some time this week.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
37
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
1 hour ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
1 hour ago
3
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
2 hours ago
England to face Rugby Championship opponent in two-Test series at same time as British & Irish Lions series
3 hours ago
‘A lot of guys in my position would have shot themselves’ – Elton Jantjies provides honest assessment on ‘psychological’ issues
4 hours ago
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/joe-schmidt-demands-better-from-wallabies-despite-series-nilling-of-wales 
 ----- 
