English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / Virender Sehwag takes a hilarious “Biryani” dig at Pakistan after being virtually out of ODI World Cup 2023

Virender Sehwag takes a hilarious “Biryani” dig at Pakistan after being virtually out of ODI World Cup 2023
In their final league game, Pakistan will take on England at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Saturday, 11 November 2023.

SPORTSTIGER STAFF
Author

Updated - 10 Nov 2023 11:10 AM

Picture Credit: Twitter

Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

On Thursday, November 9, New Zealand defeated Sri Lanka to firm their place in the top four of the ODI World Cup 2023. With the Kiwis five-wicket win over the Lankans, the Babar Azam-led side were also virtually knocked out of the ODI World Cup 2023 semifinal race. However, the Men in Green still have a game left in the flagship tournament which will see them lock horn with the reigning champions, England, who are however out of the semifinal race but are fighting for the Champions Trophy spot.

But with a mathematical probability to still qualify for the semifinals, Virender Sehwag took a sly dig at the Babar Azam & Co. Over their virtual exit from the tournament. In a pot on X, formerly known a Twitter, Sehwag trolled the Men in Green asking them to go home and wishing them a safe flight. “Pakistan Zindabhaag! Have a safe flight back home,” he captioned the post.


However, at the same moment, retweeting on the above post, Sehwag wrote, “Pakistan ki khaas baat hai ki jis team ko Pakistan support karti hai, who team Pakistan ki tarah khelne lagti hai”, with a laughing emoji, trolling Sri Lanka.

Sharing the same image over Instagram, Sehwag had a different caption which read, “Ba yahin tak tha jo tha. Hope you enjoyed the biryani and the hospitality.” Talking about Pakistan’s campaign at the World Cup, they have won only four games so far in the tournament out of the eight matches that they have played, taking the fifth position in the standings with eight points only.

In their final league game, Pakistan will take on England at the Eden Gardens in Kolkata on Saturday, 11 November 2023. 

PakistanODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/virender-sehwag-takes-a-hilarious-biryani-dig-at-pakistan-after-being-virtually-out-of-odi-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
