Accessibility Links
Skip to content
Search
Login
Subscribe
Home
UK
Top stories
Politics
Healthcare
Education
Crime
Defence
Scotland
Obituaries
Royal family
Science
Environment
Law
Investigations
World
Comment
Business & Money
Sport
Life & Style
Culture
Puzzles
Magazines
More
Past six days
TV guide
Times+
Times Radio
Podcasts
Schools Guide
Good University Guide
Best Places to Live
Best Places to Stay
Best Places to Work
The Sunday Times Rich List
The Sunday Times 100
Sportswomen of the Year Awards
Money Mentor
Wine club
Appointments
Times Bookshop
Authors
EURO 2024
Billy Gilmour: I watched Toni Kroos on YouTube – I try to copy him
The Scotland midfielder used to pore over videos of Germany’s World Cup winner, a player he will see at close quarters in the Euro 2024 opener
Gilmour has modelled parts of his game on Kroos’s style
ANDREW MILLIGAN/PA
Michael Grant, Scottish Football Correspondent, Garmisch-Partenkirchen
Wednesday June 12 2024, 10.30pm BST, The Times

In an indoor ice arena which has hosted figure skating, Scotland’s latest Euro 2024 media conference turned into a discussion on one of Germany’s coolest customers. One whose football could be set to music. In the Garmisch Olympia Stadium in the Bavarian town of Garmish-Partenkirchen, nothing was warmer on Wednesday than Billy Gilmour’s words about Toni Kroos.

Scotland are getting close to the one of their biggest matches in the 26 years since they faced Morocco at France 98, their last game at a major tournament overseas. Munich is being invaded by a Tartan Army tens of thousands strong. Kilts, Scotland tops and bagpipes are everywhere and fresh hordes are arriving by the hour.

The occasion is enormous. The spectacle will be vivid. The noise and the colour will be an assault on the senses. There will even be a tournament opening ceremony to enjoy or endure before Euro 2024 kicks off with Germany versus Scotland in Munich’s Allianz Arena on Friday evening. And when the referee’s first whistle pierces all of that, and the play begins, Gilmour will find himself only yards away from Kroos, the 34-year-old World Cup winner playing his first meaningful match in the 13 days since he retired from club football by lifting the Champions League for the sixth time.

Gilmour is a talented central midfielder and one of Scotland’s key players at this tournament. If he appears in all the group fixtures he will reach 30 caps just days after turning 23 (he was given a cake and team-mates sang happy birthday to him as the squad hotel on Tuesday). He has played for Chelsea, Norwich City and, with increasing influence, Brighton & Hove Albion in the Premier League. Even so, it is difficult not to see Kroos v Gilmour as master versus apprentice.

Gilmour broke through at Euro 2020, earning plaudits for his performance against England at Wembley
SHAUN BOTTERILL/UEFA/UEFA VIA GETTY IMAGES

When he was younger Gilmour pored over footage of the modern midfield greats, Kroos among them. “I always watched Barcelona. I always watched [Andres] Iniesta. I watched YouTube for [Cesc] Fàbregas, Iniesta, Xavi and of course [Luka] Modric and Kroos. When you go into a game now and you have watched highlights of clips you can see how well they play football, it’s pretty impressive. I try to do the same stuff in games but everyone is different. When you watch Toni Kroos he is always very calm on the ball and composed.

ADVERTISEMENT

“He has won everything in the game. He has retired from Real Madrid at the top and he is still unbelievable so if I do get the opportunity to play against him I’ll be buzzing. But you need to work as a team. You can’t just focus on one. They have top, top players. Jamal Musiala is a top player, Kai Havertz, Florian Wirtz. Everyone. So we have to make sure we are really at it and ready to go.”

Gilmour took to international football immediately. In only his third cap, aged 20, he was excellent in a Scottish midfield which held its own against Declan Rice, Mason Mount and Kalvin Phillips in a goalless draw with England at Wembley in Euro 2020. He may be only 5ft 7in and baby-faced, but Gilmour is unusually comfortable on the ball and willing and able to take possession under pressure. “I am 23 now. People always look at me, maybe [think] ‘height, stature, small boy, only a kid’. I get that. I get it a lot. It’s not something that annoys me. It’s just I am not a young kid now. I have been in the game a good while now, I know my place, I know I have gained experience. I have confidence when I go on to the pitch and I try to believe we are the best players on the pitch.

“Of course you are going to be nervous. Everyone has nerves before games. I still do. But go out there, get a few touches of the ball, set myself into the game and you grow into it. After that, you are already there. If you figure it out too late, it has passed.”

If Scotland are to compete with Germany they will have to give themselves a chance by Gilmour, Callum McGregor and those around them keeping possession for as long as they possibly can. “That will be the aim for us. We know we are strong in games when we play football and we keep the ball. When we have it, they can’t score.”

Kroos joined up with Germany after winning the Champions League for a sixth time
ANNA SZILAGYI/EPA

Euro 2020 was an emotional rollercoaster for Gilmour. He made his Scotland debut days before it, did not feature in their opener against the Czech Republic — in hindsight, a rare misjudgement by Steve Clarke — was outstanding at Wembley and then recorded a positive Covid-19 test the following morning which meant ten days of isolation and the end of his tournament. “All I remember is watching the Croatia game in my room, not being able to do anything. I had to go straight to my house. I had my car so I had to drive straight there, no stops. So that was isolation for ten days. I felt fine, it was just the test meant I couldn’t do anything.”

ADVERTISEMENT

The Wembley performance was so impressive he knew he was likely to have been picked against Croatia and Modric. “That did hurt a bit. I couldn’t do anything about it. I remember watching it and Modric was unbelievable. His goal [a shot with the outside of his boot in a 3-1 Croatia win] was unbelievable as well. When special players like Modric and Kroos do things like that you just have to take your hat off to them.”

Kroos has between three and seven games left in football, depending on how far Germany go. “Everyone outside Scotland thinks it’s a Germany win,” Gilmour said. “Everyone doubts us sometimes — typical Scotland — and we need to get out of that. We have already tried and done stuff in training where we think we can break them down and go and win the game.” Gilmour was relaxed and jovial, one of the cool heads Scotland will need when they swap a Garmish ice rink for the searing heat of Munich.

Germany v Scotland

Friday, kick-off 8pm
Euro 2024, Group A
TV ITV and STV

MATCH STATS
	Germany	
5
	-	
1
	Scotland	
HT 3-0
UEFA EUROPEAN CHAMPIONSHIP FINALS14/06/2024
Possession
72.8%	
72.8%
27.2%
	27.2%
Shots
20	
20
1
	1
Shots on target
10	
10
0
	0
Passes
683	
683
251
	251
Passing accuracy
94.1%	
94.1%
75.3%
	75.3%
Corners won
5	
5
0
	0
Fouls conceded
15	
15
9
	9
Yellow cards
2	
2
1
	1
Red cards
0	
0
1
	1
STANDINGS — UEFA EUROPEAN CHAMPIONSHIP FINALS
Group A
Pos.		P	W	D	L	GD	PTS
1	Germany	3	2	1	0	6	7
2	Switzerland	3	1	2	0	2	5
3	Hungary	3	1	0	2	-3	3
4	Scotland	3	0	1	2	-5	1
MATCH SUMMARY
	Germany	
5
	-	
1
	Scotland	
HT 3-0
UEFA EUROPEAN CHAMPIONSHIP FINALS14/06/2024
F. Wirtz
10‎'‎
J. Musiala
19‎'‎
Kai Havertz
45‎+‎1‎'‎
N. Füllkrug
68‎'‎
E. Can
90‎+‎3‎'‎
Ryan Porteous45‎'‎
A. Rüdiger87‎'‎
UK
Scotland
Related articles
EURO 2024 | ALLY MCCOIST INTERVIEW
Costly Euros miss, scoring past ‘Rip Van Winkle’ and chaos on the Eiffel Tower
June 11 2024, 1.00pm BST
Michael Grant, Scottish Football Correspondent
Clarke: I wasn’t fooled by Germany’s blips – they are always ready
June 11 2024, 10.30pm BST
Michael Grant
More from Scotland

GABRIELLA BENNETT

What does it take to be a good neighbour?

December 28 2024, 12.01am

Gabriella Bennett

Dwight Gayle rolls back the years for Hibernian to sink Hearts

December 27 2024, 12.01am

Michael Grant, Scottish Football Correspondent, Tynecastle

BEST OF ALBA

Five of the best places in Scotland for fish and chips

December 21 2024, 12.01am

Peter Irvine

More from UK
Elon Musk wades into Reform row by ‘fact-checking’ Kemi Badenoch

December 28 2024, 6.00pm

Caroline Wheeler, Political Editor

Bletchley stabbings: man charged with two counts of murder

December 28 2024, 1.20pm

Ben Ellery, Crime Editor | Lara Wildenberg

King Charles breaks with tradition for Christmas speech from ex-hospital chapel

December 23 2024, 2.25pm

Laurence Sleator

PROMOTED CONTENT
BACK TO TOP
Get in touch
About us
Contact us
Help
The Times Editorial Complaints
The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints
Place an announcement
Classified advertising
Display advertising
The Times corrections
The Sunday Times corrections
Careers
More from The Times and The Sunday Times
The Times e-paper
The Sunday Times e-paper
The Sunday Times Wine Club
Times Print Gallery
The Times Archive
Times Crossword Club
Sunday Times Driving
Times+
The Sunday Times Rich List
Travel
Good University Guide
Schools Guide
Newsletters
Best Places to Live
Best Places to Stay
Times Appointments
Podcasts
Times Money Mentor
Times Luxury
Sportswomen of the Year Awards
Best Places to Work
Puzzles
More from News Corp
The Australian
Barron's
Dow Jones
Financial News London
Investor's Business Daily
Mansion Global
MarketWatch
Realtor.com
The Sun
Times Literary Supplement
The Wall Street Journal

© Times Media Limited 2024.

Registered in England No. 894646. Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF.

Privacy & cookie policy
Licensing
Site map
Topics
Puzzles Archive
Authors
Commissioning terms
Terms and conditions
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thetimes.com/uk/scotland/article/billy-gilmour-eager-to-test-himself-against-the-master-toni-kroos-25b50xrgd 
 ----- 
