www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 06 07 → Article 1934641
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Friday, 7 June 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

Mali 1-2 Ghana: Jordan Ayew's substitution did the magic - Bernard Tekpetey

« Prev

Next »

Comments (1)

Listen to Article

Share:

Jordan Ayew scored the winner for Ghana

Ghanaian forward Bernard Tekpetey has identified a crucial intervention by coach Otto Addo in Ghana's game against Mali that turned things in the Black Stars' favour.

Tekpetey told JoyFM in an interview that Otto Addo's decision to bring on Jordan Ayew improved Ghana's play due to the forward's ability to hold up the ball and draw others into play.

The FC Ludogorets forward explained that with Ghana setting up in a 5-3-2 defensive structure, the team needed a forward with incredible ball-holding abilities, and Jordan Ayew's introduction bridged that gap.

"Yesterday, we were not patient. When you play with a five-back, you need a striker who can hold onto the ball. The Jordan Ayew change had a big impact on the game," Tekpetey said.

Jordan Ayew scored a late winner for Ghana in their 2-1 victory over Mali in the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers at the Stade du 26 Mars in Bamako on Thursday, June 6, 2024.

Mali took the lead in injury time of the first half via a deflected shot from striker Kamory Doumbia.

Ghana got the equalizer shortly after the restart through a powerful header from Ernest Nuamah, who connected to a cross from Salis Samed.

Jordan Ayew scored the winner for Ghana in the 90th minute from a rebound that sent Ghana's points accumulation to six in three matches.

The Black Stars have now moved to second on the Group I table and are in a good position to qualify for the 2026 World Cup.

Up next for the Black Stars is a home match against the Central African Republic at the Baba Yara Stadium on Monday, June 10, 2024.



Related Articles:
There would be dumsor, hardships soon - NPP's Owusu-Bempah predicts
2025 AFCON Qualifiers: Ghana sinks to bottom of Group F after Niger’s mauling of Sudan
Ghana determined to capitalise on Sudan’s slip-up as they face Angola
US-based Osman Bukari rejoins Black Stars after five-month absence for 2025 AFCON qualifiers
'Cheap talk' - Asamoah Gyan slams NDC MP for 2010 World Cup penalty miss comment
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 1 comment(s), give your comment
Sammy Flex shares details on Shatta Wale's Jamaica trip for Vybz Kartel's...
Ursula Owusu Arrested
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
"Better Air Quality Starts with a New HVAC System!"
Suspected robbery claims life of 60-y ear-old 'chop bar' operator in Anloga
NDC Professionals honor Speaker Bagbin, citing his excellent leaders...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
"Better Air Quality Starts with a New HVAC System!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
The U.S. Steel deal will save jobs
Ike Brannon
|
Sponsored
Read More
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
News
ADB breaks silence over Ablakwa's accusation of $750k 'midnight contract' approvals
Business
Agricultural Development Bank defends $750k contract amid Okudzeto Ablakwa's claims
Entertainment
His own mother exposed him; he flaunted a Rolls-Royce he hasn't seen – Stonebwoy targets 'the settings man'
Africa
Kenya's president promises to stop abductions following wave of disappearances
Opinions
Halt expulsion of NPP members from party at this crucial period, party's fortunes already not encouraging
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/Mali-1-2-Ghana-Jordan-Ayew-s-substitution-did-the-magic-Bernard-Tekpetey-1934641 
 ----- 
