Skip to Search
Skip to Live Player
Skip to Content
Skip to Footer
Celtics talent and chemistry continue to impress
 
DELIVERED BY NETA BROOKLINE
  
HOME
ABOUT
ARTICLES
PODCASTS
Celtics talent and chemistry continue to impress
Author James Scaramozzino
October 25th, 2024 6:07 PM
David Butler II-Imagn Images
Oct 22, 2024; Boston, Massachusetts, USA; Boston Celtics forward Jayson Tatum (0) returns the ball to score against New York Knicks center Karl-Anthony Towns (32) in the first quarter at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: David Butler II-Imagn Images

The 2024-2025 Boston Celtics started the season as heavy favorites to repeat as NBA Champions before opening night even started. In two games they’ve done nothing but reassure those odds dismantling the New York Knicks on opening night and blowing out the Wizards in Washington on Thursday night. Everyone knew the Celtics were going to be a dominant force because of their roster and play style heading into the season. However I think where they’ve really started to separate themselves from the rest of the league is the teams play style and overall chemistry.

This was on full display on opening night against the new look Knicks. The Knicks made massive moves in the offseason adding Karl Anthony-Towns and Mikal Bridges. While there’s no denying these moves should make the Knicks starting five much better on paper, the growing pains were evident on Tuesday night. Boston operates as a unit knowing exactly where every player on the court is going to be at all times. New York looked out of sorts and disjointed as soon as Boston starting hitting every shot they looked at and the Knicks had no answer.

"They are getting surgically dissected by the Celtics offense."

Cs pulling away in the 3rd pic.twitter.com/BFAiymTVLl

— Celtics on NBC Sports Boston (@NBCSCeltics) October 25, 2024

The Celtics talent is still their biggest advantage of every other team in the NBA there’s no denying that. But with the new look Knicks and 76ers I think Boston has an even bigger early season advantages over those teams because Boston brought everybody back and they know exactly what they want to do on a nightly basis.

"That's the one where your friends call you and say, 'what's it like guarding Jayson Tatum?!?!'" pic.twitter.com/Isw14Nyo95

— Celtics on NBC Sports Boston (@NBCSCeltics) October 25, 2024

Boston didn’t need anymore advantages heading into this season but for a loaded team that seems hellbent on repeating as Champs this is just another reason why they are the team to beat in the NBA. Mazzulla ball was mocked at times last season with the team shooting a record setting number of 3 pointers and it’s only continuing this season. The Celtics are still without Kristaps Porzingis another massive addition to their offense they’ll be adding at some point early in 2025 it looks like. With Boston’s talent, chemistry and offensive philosophy they look primed to begin another dynasty in Boston.

James Scaramozzino is the producer of the Joe Murray show weeknights on the Sports Hub. James is a graduate of Bridgewater State University and the Connecticut School of Broadcasting. An avid sports fan who was always obsessed with sports radio, he started on the Sports Hub’s street team. Then started working overnights at the station and filling in on any show that needed him. James has produced Celtics, Bruins, and Patriots games to go along with filling in producing every show on the station when needed. James writes about all New England sports from Patriots football to Boston Celtics and Boston Bruins.

Listen to Joe Murray 6-11 every Monday-Friday on 98.5 The Sports Hub. You can listen live in the Sports Hub App and subscribe to their podcasts here. Follow on X @JoeyMurr and Instagram @ImJoeMurray keep up with the show!

Get The 98.5 The Sports Hub Newsletter Delivered To Your Inbox
Stay up to date with the latest Boston sports news and analysis, local events, exclusive contests, and more.
Email *
SUBSCRIBE
By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's terms of Service and Privacy Policy. I understand I can unsubscribe at any time.
Author James Scaramozzino
Category:
Joe MurrayLatest Content From The Shows
TAGS: 
BOSTON CELTICS,NBA
MORE JOE MURRAY
It’s going to be a showdown for Mike Vrabel
Patriots coaching odds
Jayson Tatum leads Celtics in 118-115 win over the Minnesota Timberwolves
Celtics head into 2025 with a big win over the Raptors 125-71
The Patriots are on the clock
Holiday wishes from 985 The Sports Hub
Does Drake Maye’s development make the 2024 season a success for the Patriots?
Why Mike Vrabel might not be the right guy to fix the Patriots
A hope for Patriots fans
Could the Celtics missing the NBA Cup be a positive for the team?
OUT on the Patriots free agent class
Is Jayson Tatum the best player in the Eastern Conference?
College Football Playoffs Odds
O’Brien has Boston College on the Right Track
Celtics first instant ticket prize winner hits big
College Football Playoff Bracket
Celtics take care of the Heat winning 108-89 on the second night of a back to back
Celtics win in ugly fashion over the Wizards 108-96
Jayson Tatum leads the Celtics to 120-117 win ending the Cavaliers unbeaten streak
Who is the next Bruins coach?
Looking back at Celtics-Cavaliers over the years
Comparing Drake Maye to past Patriots Qbs
MLB Odds for Big Ticket Free Agents
Celtics bounce back after loss and beat the Nets 139-114
The awful traffic indicates the holidays are close
Should Celtics fans be concerned about Jaylen Brown’s hip injury?
Celtics fall short against the Warriors losing 118-112 in Jayson Tatum’s “revenge” game
Celtics vs Warriors has been must watch
The College football playoff bracket
Who will be the next NFL coach fired?
Celtics dismantle Hawks 123-93 as Tatum’s MVP start continues
Who’s really making the decisions for Patriots?
Celtics take care of business beating the Hornets 124-109
What History Tells Us About First-Year NFL Coaches 
In or Out Halloween Edition
Celtics force overtime but fall short in ECF rematch against Pacers losing 135-132
What is the Bruins Identity?
NFL Week 9’s best matchups
Joe Murray’s thoughts on wrestling
The Titans are favored vs Patriots
Joe Murray’s trade deadline thoughts
Payton Pritchard leads Celtics to 119-108 win over the Milwaukee Bucks
NBA recognizes Jayson Tatum’s strong start to the season
Worst 1-Year Boston Head Coaches: Ranked
Jayson Tatum sent a message opening night
NFL Week 8’s best matchups
Celtics begin title defense year with blowout win over Knicks
A buffet of Celtics season betting odds
Download our station app

Download the app to LISTEN LIVE wherever you are and connect with us like never before!

Newsletter sign up

Don't miss on pre-sales, member-only contests and member only events.

98.5 The Sports Hub – Boston's Home For Sports Newsletter
About
Privacy Policy
Personal Data Request
Terms of Service
DMCA
FCC Public File
FCC Applications
EEO
Terms and Conditions
General Contest Rules
Archived Contest Rules
Advertising Terms and Conditions
Connect
Advertise with Us
Subscribe to the Sports Hub Newsletter
Careers
Contact Us
How To Listen
Flagship Station of
New England Patriots
Boston Bruins
Boston Celtics
New England Revolution
By clicking “Allow All”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Policy
Customize Settings
Disable All
Accept All
Sign up for the 98.5 The Sports Hub Newsletter

Stay up to date with the latest Boston sports news and analysis, local events, exclusive contests, and more.

Subscribe
By clicking "Subscribe" I agree to the website's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.
×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://985thesportshub.com/2024/10/25/celtics-talent-and-chemistry-continue-to-impress/ 
 ----- 
