NBA
Washington Wizards
Wizards' Brian Keefe gets honest about Corey Kispert’s quiet night against Celtics

Corey Kispert wasn't a big factor against the Celtics, but he has brighter days ahead on the Wizards

By 

Joshua Valdez

Oct 26, 2024 at 4:05 PM ET

The Washington Wizards took another step towards building long-term continuity by signing Corey Kispert to a four-year $54 million contract extension one hour ahead of this past Monday's deadline. However, the 25-year-old wasn't a big part of the Wizards' offense in Thursday's loss to the Boston Celtics, scoring just six points on 3-of-6 shooting with five rebounds and three assists in 24 minutes.

Washington head coach Brian Keefe doesn't blame him, though.

Joshua Valdez
@joshvaldez100
·
Follow

Corey Kispert, who recently signed a four-year, $54 million extension, only took six shots in the Celtics loss. However, Wizards coach Brian Keefe isn’t worried. #wizards

Watch on Twitter
5:31 PM · Oct 25, 2024
0
Reply
Copy link
Read more on Twitter
Expand Tweet

“I think that's on us. I mean, we gotta find him when he's open,” Keefe said. “I think that's one thing we didn't do as the game went on, we didn't find openings for guys in passing. Corey should get up a lot of shots just by us playing the right way. But I'm not concerned about Corey at all.”

It'll take some time for the new-look Wizards to fire on all cylinders offensively, as they're still in the early stage of their rebuild. When they do, though, Kispert could break out. The Gonzaga alum is coming off a career year in which he averaged 13.4 points per game on 48.6% shooting and 38.3% from deep across 25.8 minutes.

Kispert isn't a shot-creator, which is why he needs the offense to hum around him to get open looks. However, the 6-foot-6, 224-pounder is a proven sniper when he gets the chance, and he's still improving.

Additionally, Kispert's new contract lifted a weight off his back, which could give him a mental boost.

Corey Kispert feels secure on the Wizards
Reggie Hildred-USA TODAY Sports

Kispert opened up about his new outlook at Tuesday's practice, via Monumental Sports Network's Bijan Todd.

Related Washington Wizards News
Article continues below
Wizards vs. 76ers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
2d
Wizards’ Kyle Kuzma leaves Rockets game with lower-body injury
2d
Is Wizards’ Jordan Poole playing vs. Rockets? Latest injury update
3d
Why Wizards were ultimate winners in Bradley Beal trade with Suns
3d
Bijan Todd
@bijan_todd
·
Follow

Corey Kispert has been in Washington through front office, coaching, and roster changes.

After signing a four-year extension he’s now grateful the “ground is [no longer] shaking underneath me.”

Watch on Twitter
5:19 PM · Oct 22, 2024
86
Reply
Copy link
Read 1 reply
Expand Tweet

“It's different than what I've had in the last couple years, man. It feels like the ground's kind of always shaking underneath you, or has been underneath me at least for the last couple of years,” he admitted. “It feels really good to kind of have something to lean on, for me and my family.”

Kispert has steadily improved each year since Washington drafted him 15th overall in 2021, and now he can enjoy the fruits of his labor.

“It's peace of mind and security that no matter what happens here or anywhere else, that I have that to lean on. That's something that, no pun intended, that money can't buy,” the Washington state native continued. “I'm really happy for that, and my family's really happy for that. It's one of the reasons why I play the game, you know?”

Now that Kispert's contract saga is out of the way, he can focus solely on putting the ball in the hoop. A good sign about Thursday night's game was that although he wasn't heavily involved, he was efficient with the opportunities he did have, making all three of his two-point field goals. The next step will be to regain his momentum from deep, as he missed all three of his attempts from beyond the arc.

Kispert's next chance will come on Saturday night, as the Wizards host the 2-0 Cleveland Cavaliers. Keefe and company are still experimenting with the rotation, so 2021 WCC Player of the Year could firmly establish himself as the sixth man, or even a starter, by stringing together quality performances.

Kispert did lead the bench in minutes against Boston and only played six fewer minutes than starting shooting guard Bilal Coulibaly, which shows that Keefe trusts him.

Joshua Valdez started his journalism career as the Sports Editor for the Rutgers University newspaper before becoming an associate editor for ClutchPoints, covering the MLB, NFL, NBA, and soccer. He's also the beat reporter for the Washington Wizards and Mystics.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
10 worst players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
Heat trade proposal lands De’Aaron Fox in Kings blockbuster
2 days ago
10 best players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
1 week ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
16 hours ago
10 most overrated players in NBA history according to ChatGPT
3 weeks ago
2025 NBA All-Star predictions: Victor Wembanyama, Cade Cunningham earn first nods
2 days ago
NBA rumors: Heat’s Jimmy Butler trade offers ‘stink’
2 days ago
NBA rumors: Lakers, Nuggets among teams Bradley Beal would waive no-trade clause for
2 days ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
2 days ago
3 best D’Angelo Russell destinations if Nets move on after Lakers trade
2 days ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
2 days ago
Charles Barkley did not stutter about ‘best team in the NBA’
1 day ago
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/wizards-news-brian-keefe-honest-about-corey-kispert-quiet-night-celtics 
 ----- 
