skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketPakistan T20 World Cup 2024 Highlights: Sack Babar Azam, Shaheen, Rizwan and others, demands ex-Pakistan cricketer
Pakistan T20 World Cup 2024 Highlights: Sack Babar Azam, Shaheen, Rizwan and others, demands ex-Pakistan cricketer
Pakistan T20 World Cup 2024 Highlights: Pakistan were hoping Ireland would beat USA on Friday while they themselves needed to beat Ireland on Sunday in order to qualify. But the washout ended their hopes.
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 15, 2024 23:02 IST
Follow Us
Pakistan T20 World Cup 2024 Live Updates: Pakistan look for Ireland's victory over USA to stay alive in competition. (AP)

Pakistan Super 8 Qualification Scenario T20 World Cup Highlights: The USA vs Ireland match was called off on Friday which meant last edition’s runners-up Pakistan are officially knocked out of this year’s T20 World Cup. Match officials in charge of the USA vs Ireland match, undertook multiple ground inspections but the outfield was not up to the standards required for play to proceed, which eventually led to the match being abandoned.

With no match possible between USA and Ireland due to a wet outfield, both teams shared one point each which took the co-hosts USA’s tally to five points. Now, even if Pakistan win their final group stage match against Ireland on Sunday, they can reach a maximum of four points.

Former Pakistan cricketers have lashed out after Pakistan’s ouster. While Saqlain Mushtaq said that it was “saddening, heartbreaking and embarrassing to watch Pakistan Team exit”, Ahmed Shahzad has called for the removal of Babar Azam, Mohammad Rizwan, Shaheen Afridi, Fakhar Zaman and Haris Rauf from the team.

In order to qualify, Pakistan needed the match between USA and Ireland to happen, and then the Irish team to defeat Team USA. That would then open the door for Pakistan to beat Ireland and scrape through to the next round. But ultimately, the weather played spoiler and Babar Azam’s team were knocked out.

Follow our blog of all the updates from Pakistan and elsewhere

LIVE BLOG
Pakistan T20 World Cup Qualification Scenarios Highlights: Follow the reactions from experts on Pakistan's World Cup qualification scenarios.
17:14 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan eliminated from T20 World Cup LIVE: Knives out in Pakistan for Babar Azam

Pakistan cricketer Ahmed Shehzad has lashed out at Pakistan captain Babar Azam for the prolific batter's performances in T20 World Cups.

Shehzad is a regular guest on a television show on Pakistan's Geo News channel where he often presents his no-holds-barred opinions on all things Pakistan cricket. This time, Shehzad trained his guns on Pakistan skipper Babar Azam.

“Your strike rate is 112 and average is 26. You haven't hit a single six in 207 balls in the Powerplay. I admit I could've improved on my own performances eight years ago, but your stats are even worse. You are worse than me, but you are king. You're a fraud king,” Shehzad said.

He went on to add: “He could not bring any trophy for Pakistan. After that you have ruined the entire domestic structure, you are such a captain, you cannot unconventionally run the domestic team to bring in your friends.”

17:13 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan eliminated from T20 World Cup LIVE: Knives out for Azam Khan in Pakistan

Recently, while speaking to a local news channel, former Pakistan team director Mohammad Hafeez pulled no punches as he lampooned wicketkeeper-batter Azam Khan. 

"The whole Pakistan team can cover two kilometres in 10 minutes while Azam Khan will take 20 minutes to cover the distance. Sadly, Azam Khan is not serious in playing the international cricket," Hafeez said. "Being lean or oversize is never an issue for me, but you need to work according to the needs of the game. You need to bring your fitness to a required level. We gave him a fitness plan, but he [Azam] could not improve. You are in the team because of your talent, but you need to respond in case of fitness. You are the only one in the team on whom we have compromised on the grounds of fitness."

12:18 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Vaughan says he doesn't see Babar as a T20 captain anymore

Former England cricketer Michael Vaughan says he doesn't see Babar Azam as a T20 captain anymore, but provided a reason why PCB should persist with him.

"I actually don't see Babar as a T20 captain. I see him as a Test and a 50-over captain. It's in those two formats that he excels as a player. In T20 cricket, his gains are very good, but I would say he's not up there with the top 15 batters in the world.There are better batters at the top of the order. 

"But I don't to see Pakistan changing it again. At some point you have got to have some consistency. Even if he is not perfectly suited to captaincy in T20 cricket, in this period ... last thing that Pakistan need is more kamikaze, swapping and changing and overreacting. I think Pakistan fans must be realistic with their team: they've actually not got a great team. At the minute, on paper, they're just not a very good team," added Vaughan.

12:05 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan cricket’s nafrat ki dukaan and the economics of Outrage industry

Welcome to Pakistan’s no-holds-barred new media where everything is allowed. Sociologists are likely to see this as the anger of a failed nation struggling to come to terms with the reality of losing at cricket – the trusted distraction that gave them pride and joy. But there is much more than meets the eye of armchair psycho-analysts, writes Sandeep Dwivedi in his weekly sports column.

Outrage Inc. has emerged as a highly successful business model in the world ruled by clicks, eye-balls and pageviews. The lynch mob reaction to sporting setbacks is the guiding principle of such enterprises. It is the all-purpose tool in their kit. Stoking a spark into a raging fire happens to be the KRA of their workers. The Pakistan fans inclined to smash their television sets after a loss are their trusted clients. They are the voice of the unhinged shrill cricket fans, and these days there are many.

READ Sandeep Dwivedi's weekly sports column

11:50 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan eliminated from T20 World Cup LIVE: Could some Pakistan players lose contracts?

While the Pakistan cricket team still has one final group stage match left at the T20 World Cup, back home in Pakistan, the wheels of change are already turning if reports in Pakistan media are to be believed. 

A report from Pakistan's Geo News suggested that Pakistan Cricket Board Chairman Mohsin Naqvi held late-night consultations with other PCB officials yesterday, where it was reportedly decided to review central contracts after the team's early exit.

The report said that some "players with poor performances are expected to be demoted with regards to their central contracts in the first phase... meanwhile, several others are likely to lose their central contracts altogether."

04:50 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan eliminated from T20 World Cup LIVE: Ahmed Shahzad trains guns on Babar Azam again

Ahmed Shahzad, talking on a special show on Geo News, has demanded the removal of Babar Azam, Mohammad Rizwan, Shaheen Afridi, Fakhar Zaman and Haris Rauf from the team. 

"The kind of groupings that are happening in the team... there is lack of leadership. They keep saying they’re learning from their mistakes. Aap kya seekh rahe hain? Problem is that (players chasing) personal milestones have ruined Pakistan cricket. That’s why we’re in this situation right now. You haven’t learnt anything. There is no leadership in this team. You’re (Babar Azam) just a social media generated king. You’ve had four to five years… You guys play politics. Your cricket is declining,” says Ahmed Shahzad.

04:31 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan eliminated from T20 World Cup LIVE: Saqlain Mushtaq reacts

Saqlain Mushtaq reacts to Pakistan's meek exit from the T20 World Cup.

"It’s very saddening, heartbreaking and embarrassing to watch Pakistan Team exit from the super 8 of the T20 World Cup tournament. I really believe that we need to put Pakistan first before we take any actions and decisions and we should all reflect on each mistake we made, as individuals and collectively. Also which sort of errors we made. Again very disappointed and very upset," tweets Saqlain Mushtaq.

04:18 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan eliminated LIVE: Knives out for Azam Khan in Pakistan

Recently, while speaking to a local news channel, former Pakistan team director Mohammad Hafeez pulled no punches as he lampooned wicketkeeper-batter Azam Khan. 

"The whole Pakistan team can cover two kilometres in 10 minutes while Azam Khan will take 20 minutes to cover the distance. Sadly, Azam Khan is not serious in playing the international cricket," Hafeez said. "Being lean or oversize is never an issue for me, but you need to work according to the needs of the game. You need to bring your fitness to a required level. We gave him a fitness plan, but he [Azam] could not improve. You are in the team because of your talent, but you need to respond in case of fitness. You are the only one in the team on whom we have compromised on the grounds of fitness." 

04:14 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
2024 isn’t 1992, Babar Azam is no Imran Khan, rain sinks Pakistan

Rain should not intervene. Team A needs to beat Team B. Team C should lend a helping hand. The Net Run Rate should remain in control. On such accidents of fate and variables have hinged Pakistan’s fortunes in recent years. But hope springs eternal; the faith in miracles is unshakeable, till the last ball is bowled, till the precise moment they are mathematically out of the tournament.

It has become so routine for Pakistan that such emotions and attributions have lost novelty and romance. It has turned into a well-worn cliche. Pakistan, in the last group game, were on the brink, praying for divine intervention. So they wanted the rains to ease and the sun to shine in Florida. They hoped Ireland would beat the USA so that they could stay alive in the World Cup. That was not to be. Rain, and consequently, a wet outfield meant the game between USA and Ireland was washed away without a single ball being bowled. Pakistan, with one to go, were knocked out. The one-time World Champions had failed to clear the group phase.

Read Sandip G's piece

04:13 (IST)
15 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: In case you are wondering...

What is qudrat ka nizam?

After Pakistan were eliminated due to a washout of the USA vs Ireland match, in the coming days, you're going to hear a viral phrase repeatedly on social media: qudrat ka nizam. 

While there is no way to trace when it was first used by a cricketer or a coach, it's a phrase that gained popularity when Pakistan head coach Saqlain Mushtaq used it during a press conference in 2022 after Pakistan had lost the third game in their T20I series against England. 

“Day and night, summer and winter, rain and clouds… they keep going on,” said Saqlain. “This is qudrat ka nizam. Sports is also like this. Win or loss will keep going on. So we should accept it.”

So what does the viral phrase mean? 

The phrase translates to ‘nature taking its course’, or the ‘law of nature’.

23:35 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Ashwin congratulates USA

USA through to the super 8?? #T20WordCup

— Ashwin ?? (@ashwinravi99) June 14, 2024
23:28 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Kamran Akmal says

It is really very disappointing and sad that Pakistan team could not reach to the Super Eight, but it is also a bitter fact that Pakistan team played below the average cricket…now its time to rectify the problems.

23:27 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Wasim Jaffer tweets

Contrary to popular belief, Pakistan didn't get knocked out because USA v IRE got rained off. They got knocked out because Pakistan lost to USA :) 

23:18 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Cricket Ireland reacts

After their games against co-hosts USA was washed out, Cricket Ireland tweets: "Our hopes of reaching the Super 8s are dashed by the weather in Florida, as the game is abandoned without a ball being bowled. Gutted, but we go again for a final time on Sunday."

23:11 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: What is qudrat ka nizam?

After Pakistan were eliminated due to a washout of the USA vs Ireland match, in the coming days, you're going to hear a viral phrase repeatedly on social media: qudrat ka nizam. 

While there is no way to trace when it was first used by a cricketer or a coach, it's a phrase that gained popularity when Pakistan head coach Saqlain Mushtaq used it during a press conference in 2022 after Pakistan had lost the third game in their T20I series against England. 

“Day and night, summer and winter, rain and clouds… they keep going on,” said Saqlain. “This is qudrat ka nizam. Sports is also like this. Win or loss will keep going on. So we should accept it.”

So what does the viral phrase mean? 

The phrase translates to ‘nature taking its course’, or the ‘law of nature’.

23:08 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: A massive no-result for USA cricket

The significance of this washout could be massive for cricket in the United States of America, points out Michael Vaughan.  

The former England cricketer tweets: "USA through to the Super 8s … Cricket is going to catch on in the states … !!  Pakistan are out … at the moment they are along way off being a good white ball side."

23:06 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Official, PAK are eliminated

The fate of Group A is ?

USA advance to the Super Eight of the #T20WorldCup 2024 as they share a point each with Ireland ?#USAvIRE pic.twitter.com/NvlDPT0T0Y

— ICC (@ICC) June 14, 2024
23:03 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Match heading towards being a washout

Raining ? again unfortunately . pic.twitter.com/yHn9RONO6b

— Wasim Akram (@wasimakramlive) June 14, 2024
22:59 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Bad news

Covering the pitch now......few droplets of rain.....afraid this might be it for #USAvsIRE, tweetts Harsha Bhogle

22:57 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Definitive news soon

According to reports, some dark clouds are still lurking over the horizon while the Ireland players have returned to the changing rooms, The umpires are also going inside. We'll have some definitive news soon I am guessing.

22:27 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Harsha Bhogle reacts

Harsha Bhogle opines if Pakistan's qualification did not depend on the outcome of this game, the officials would have called off the game by now.

"Still wet underfoot at Fort Lauderdale. The outfield is sand based but is perhaps saturated with the amount of rain Florida has had over the last few days. There isn't the kind of drainage you have at other grounds so it isn't easy. My gut feel is that if the qualification of another team didn't depend on this game, they might have called it off. But that is just my view ...," 

22:11 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: USA vs IRE pitch update in 40 mins

According to reports, we'll get an update on the pitch in the next 40 minutes. There's still hope for a match but it's growing bleaker and bleaker as the time passes

21:58 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Knives out for Azam Khan in Pakistan

Recently, while speaking to a local news channel, former Pakistan team director Mohammad Hafeez pulled no punches as he lampooned wicketkeeper-batter Azam Khan. 

"The whole Pakistan team can cover two kilometres in 10 minutes while Azam Khan will take 20 minutes to cover the distance. Sadly, Azam Khan is not serious in playing the international cricket," Hafeez said. "Being lean or oversize is never an issue for me, but you need to work according to the needs of the game. You need to bring your fitness to a required level. We gave him a fitness plan, but he [Azam] could not improve. You are in the team because of your talent, but you need to respond in case of fitness. You are the only one in the team on whom we have compromised on the grounds of fitness."

21:56 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Reaction from Ireland

Cricket Ireland's Twitter handle tweets: "One inspection will lead to another at 5:30pm Irish time (10 pm IST), with the outfield still wet. Not what we wanted to hear."

21:55 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Cut-off time for 5-over contest is 11.46 pm IST

According to reports, the cut-off time for a 5-over game between USA vs IRE is 11.46 pm IST. Just under 2 hrs left for that but that will all come into effect if the outfield has dried up.

21:48 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Rashid Latif tweets from the venue and the situation looks grim

pic.twitter.com/5VKvPDpmaO

— Rashid Latif | ?? (@iRashidLatif68) June 14, 2024
21:47 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Not a good advertisement for cricket in USA

The T20 World Cup, followed shortly by the second season of Major League Cricket, were expected to provide a major fillip to cricket in the States, which will stage the return of the sport to the Olympic fold in four years’ time. As things stand, the jury is still out on the incision cricket has made into the biggest sports market in the world.

21:27 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Inspection again in 40 mins

Stilll no start time but there'll be an inspection again after 40 minutes. Pakistan will pray for some positive news coming out of the venue

21:07 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: USA vs IRE might get start time soon

According to reports, the pitch has gotten all clear from the umpires but there are some patches of water away from the wicket. We might know the start time for USA vs IRE any time soon.

For the ball to ball coverage check out our USA vs IRE Live blog here

20:43 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: What happened in the last match in this venue

The only game of the tournament that was supposed to be held at Central Broward Regional Park Stadium Turf Ground – between Sri Lanka and Nepal – was abandoned on Tuesday evening without a ball being bowled. That contributed to the islanders’ ouster from Super Eight contention.

20:40 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Dark clouds forming

According to reports, a few dark cluds have started hovering over the stadium. No rain to report though as the inspection is over half an hour away.

20:28 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Knives out in Pakistan for Babar Azam

Pakistan cricketer Ahmed Shehzad has lashed out at Pakistan captain Babar Azam for the prolific batter's performances in T20 World Cups.

Shehzad is a regular guest on a television show on Pakistan's Geo News channel where he often presents his no-holds-barred opinions on all things Pakistan cricket. This time, Shehzad trained his guns on Pakistan skipper Babar Azam.

“Your strike rate is 112 and average is 26. You haven't hit a single six in 207 balls in the Powerplay. I admit I could've improved on my own performances eight years ago, but your stats are even worse. You are worse than me, but you are king. You're a fraud king,” Shehzad said.

He went on to add: “He could not bring any trophy for Pakistan. After that you have ruined the entire domestic structure, you are such a captain, you cannot unconventionally run the domestic team to bring in your friends.”

20:27 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Rashid Latif tweets clear skies in USA vs IRE

20:15 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Next ground inspection at 9 PM

Another inspection will be at 9 PM IST which is one hour from now. No rain but the outfield is still rather damp.

19:45 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Wasim Akram's tweet paints a hopeful picture for USA vs IRE

Big guns ?are out looking promising.#usavsireland pic.twitter.com/ixpG3CEXx9

— Wasim Akram (@wasimakramlive) June 14, 2024
19:33 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Toss delayed for USA vs IRE

Meanwhile, the toss has been delayed in Florida due to the wet outfield. Pakistan will be hoping that the match goes on, even if it's a curtailed match.

19:31 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Here's Pakistan's schedule if they do qualify

If Pakistan (A2) manage to scrape through, their task won't get any easier as they'll join West Indies, South Africa and England/Scotland

June 19, 2024: A2 vs South Africa – Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, North Sound, Antigua – 8:00 PM IST (10:30 AM local)
June 19, 2024: B1 vs West Indies – Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, Gros Islet, St Lucia – 06:00 AM IST (Jun 20) (08:30 PM local)

June 21, 2024: B1 vs South Africa – Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, Gros Islet, St Lucia – 8:00 PM IST (10:30 AM local)
June 21, 2024: A2 vs West Indies – Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados – 06:00 AM IST (Jun 22) (08:30 PM local)

June 23, 2024: A2 vs B1 – Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados – 8:00 PM IST (10:30 AM local)
June 23, 2024: West Indies vs South Africa – Sir Vivian Richards Stadium, North Sound, Antigua – 06:00 AM IST (Jun 24) (08:30 PM local)

19:18 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Here's how the Super 8 groups stand right now
Super 8 Group 1

Qualified Teams: India, Australia, Afghanistan, D2 (TBD).

Super 8 Group 2

Qualified Teams: West Indies, South Africa, A2, B1.

19:16 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: How the Super 8s work

Four teams – India, Australia, South Africa and West Indies – have ensured qualification to the round-robin Super 8 stage while nine teams remain in the race for three spots across as many groups. On Friday, Afghanistan became the fifth team to secure their berth in the last-eight after beating Papua New Guinea by seven wickets. Afghanistan joined India and Australia in Group 1 of the Super 8s.

In the Super 8, the teams will again split into two groups in a single-round robin league from which the top two teams in either group advance into the semi-finals. The teams will be separated according to their pre-determined seedings for the top-eight T20I sides.

The Pre-determined seedings for the Super 8s were:

Group 1: India (A1); Australia (B2); New Zealand (C1); Sri Lanka (D2)
Group 2: Pakistan (A2); England (B1); West Indies (C2); South Africa (D1)

19:12 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Will NRR come into play in the last day if IRE defeat USA?

The net run rate will not come into play if Ireland defeat USA tonight as Pakistan are well ahead of USA. Then Pakistan just have to simply defeat Ireland in their match on Sunday to qualify. But that comes into effect only if Ireland call can march to victory against USA

19:01 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Where PAK stand

18:56 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Florida's weather in the past week

Pictures of flooded roads were seen on social media over the last few days. Fort Lauderdale received up to 9 inches of rain in some areas on Wednesday, in addition to the 3 inches on Tuesday between 2 and 10 inches of rain had been predicted for Thursday. Wet weather is likely to continue in parts of Florida through the weekend.

18:55 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: What was the weather prediction?

According to the US National Weather Service (NWS), a “flood watch” remains in effect for all of southern Florida through Friday evening. That makes the USA-Ireland game highly improbable, as all remaining matches at the venue are day games, scheduled to start at 10.30 am local time.

“Heavy to excessive rainfall over southern Florida may continue to bring areas of flash and urban flooding, with locally considerable urban flooding possible, at times into this weekend,” the NWS had posted on X.

18:52 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Clear skies in Lauderhill for USA vs IRE

After a spell of rain in Lauderhill, the weather has cleared up. "Clear skies in Port Lauderdale but outfield is quite wet . Let's hope for the best,: Wasim Akram tweets from the USA vs IRE venue.

Clear skies in Port Lauderdale but outfield is quite wet . Let's hope for the best . #t20cwc2024 pic.twitter.com/R76MnqlYgG

— Wasim Akram (@wasimakramlive) June 14, 2024
18:50 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: How can Pakistan qualify? Or get eliminated?

If USA and Ireland is washed out, both teams will get 1 point each which will get USA to 5 points and seal their place as the second team behind India to qualify for the next round from Group A. For Pakistan, they will be praying to the weather gods so that USA and Ireland takes place and the Irish can defeat USA. If that happens, Pakistan will have a chance to qualify if they defeat Ireland. Similarly, if the Pakistan game gets washed out and Pakistan gain just one point, USA will qualify. 

18:49 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: How PAK got to this point

After losing their first two matches against USA and India, Pakistan finally notched up 2 points against Canada in their third match. However, their qualification in the Super 8s still hangs in the balance with even a washout in the USA vs Ireland match on Friday will be enough to eliminate the Men in Green.

18:48 (IST)
14 JUN 2024
Pakistan qualification scenario LIVE: Hello

As Pakistan wait with bated breaths over the result of USA vs Ireland as well as keeping their eyes on the weather in Florida, we take you through all the updates and reactions from Pakistan experts and players as the important weekend begins with Pakistan's qualification hanging in the balance

Pakistan's Mohammad Amir, second left, celebrates with teammates after the dismissal of Canada's captain Saad Bin Zafar during the ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match between Pakistan and Canada at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in Westbury, New York, Tuesday, June 11, 2024. (AP/PTI)

Pakistan’s fate at T20 World Cup could lie in hands of weather in Lauderhill, Florida

Pakistan’s chances of qualifying for the Super 8 stage at the ongoing T20 World Cup were always going to be on tricky terrain after they were shocked by the host nation USA in their opening encounter. Pakistan’s defeat to India in the second game — where they could have easily won after restricting India to 119 runs in the first innings — was also particularly hard to take. But Pakistan managed to stead their sinking ship, bouncing back from two consecutive defeats by beating Canada.

However, Pakistan still have a mountain to climb in the coming days. And it will tricky because of the weather conditions in Lauderhill, the Florida city which will host the most crucial games of Group A.

Recently, the same venue saw Sri Lanka’s must-win game against Nepal being abandoned because of heavy rain and flood warnings in Lauderhill. The washout left Sri Lanka hanging by a thread. Now it seems that Pakistan could face the same fate. (READ MORE)

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 14-06-2024 at 18:45 IST
TAGS:
Babar Azam
Pakistan Cricket
Pakistan Cricket News
Pakistan Cricket Team
Shaheen Shah Afridi
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
Samsung Has A Solid Reason That Might Convince You To Pick Galaxy S25 Ultra Over Pixel 9 Pro XL
Significance Of Rahul Gandhi’s Blue T-Shirt In Parliament — And Why It Is The Colour Of Resistance
Maha Kumbh 2025: How Is Maha Kumbh Different From Kumbh
RRB NTPC 2024: Exam Schedule Soon; Check Recruitment Process – City Slip, Admit Card, Exam, Answer Key
50 SIM Cards, Changing Locations: How Accused In Mumbai Hoarding Collapse Case Evaded Cops For 6 Months
Boney Kapoor Pleaded With Lata Mangeshkar For 4-5 Months To Feature In Pukar Song: ‘She Came To Hyderabad, Shot Late At Night’
‘Yash Johar Sent 52 Crew Members To Egypt Just To Shoot A Song, Used A Boeing 737 Like A Bus’: Nikkhil Advani Recalls K3G Expenses
Meghan Markle Makes Instagram Comeback After 5-Year Break. See First Post
Govinda Was Cheated By Producers, Reveals Wife Sunita: ‘I Would Tell Him That You’re Being Fooled, Fight For His Dues’
Rohit Sharma Opts To ‘Rest’ For Sydney Test, Jasprit Bumrah To Lead India In BGT Finale
What Is Canada’s RCIC Scheme, How It Can Help Indians With Expiring Work Permits
New Year Tragedy: 10 People Wounded In Mass Shooting Outside Nightclub In New York’s Queens
Cyber Threats In 2024: Key Incidents And What To Expect In 2025
Madras HC Quashes ‘Hate Speech’ Complaint Against VCK Leader Thol Thirumavalavan
Everybody Is Harmed, No One Acts: The Problem Framing Climate Change And Air Pollution Issues
Foggy Mornings, Chilly Nights To Continue In West Bengal Throughout First Week Of The Year: IMD
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/pakistan-t20-world-cup-2024-live-updates-9390985/ 
 ----- 
