Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
All about the King’s new luxurious ride, China’s Hongqi L5
By HO JIA WEN
NATION

Friday, 12 Apr 2024

10:49 PM MYT

His Majesty Sultan Ibrahim, King of Malaysia seen next to his new ride, China's luxurious car, the Hongqi L5.

PETALING JAYA: Curious about His Majesty Sultan Ibrahim, King of Malaysia’s newest ride?

It is none other than China’s most expensive and luxurious ride, the Hongqi L5.

He is the first in the world to privately own the Hongqi L5, and surely it is a car fit for the King.

Reserved for top Chinese officials, it is one of the most exquisite limousines in China. 

The limousine’s exterior is grand and retro-inspired; a fusion of tradition and modernity according to its manufacturer, Faw Group.

It is China’s oldest auto car brand and the name Hongqi translates to ‘red flag’.

At first glance, it is impossible to miss the tall chrome grille and retro-themed barrel headlights.

STARPICKS
Supporting the unique nutritional needs of C-section-born children

Aligned with the theme of ‘red flags’, there is a raised red fin at the centre of the bonnet and two red flags as its signal lights.

The sleek limo is gargantuan and rock solid, it weighs 3.2 tonnes and is 5.5 metres long, 2 metres wide and 1.5 metres tall, said its website. 

Matching its exterior grandeur, the website shows that the interior exudes luxury with rosewood panelling and handcrafted leather seats.

Oriental influences are evident on the door handles affixed with carved jade pieces which have a dragon and cloud pattern, it said.

Natural lacquer and silk detailing is also used to liven the interior, it added.

In terms of comfort, it added that the leather seats are made to be equal to the cabin of a private aircraft and equipped with an adjustable 5-shift heating and 3-shift ventilating system.

There is also ample leg room inside with its wheelbase of 3.4 metres.

The car is a silence machine, running on a self-developed Hongqi V-type and 12-cylinder engine.

Faw group said the engine is energy-saving, lightweight, and the car can hit a maximum speed of 210 km/h.

The price tag of course is a King-sized feat. 

Known to be Rolls Royce of China, the Hongqi L5 rivals closely in price at five million Chinese yuan (about RM3.3 million). 

Related stories:

King expresses hope for increased investment from Chinese companies in Malaysia

King grants audience to China vice-president Han Zheng

King grants audience to China's NPC standing committee chief Zhao Leji

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!

TAGS / KEYWORDS:
Sultan Ibrahim , China , Hongqi L5 , Faw Group

   
How useful is this article to you?

65% of our readers find this article useful

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Related News
NATION 16h ago
Royals wish for everlasting unity
NATION 1d ago
A year of towering changes and challenges
NATION 1d ago
King and Queen pray for continued harmony in New Year's message
Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in News

1

NATION4h ago
Nine detained in Johor Baru for alcohol consumption during New Year's Eve

2

NATION7h ago
Teens caught riding 'basikal lajak' in KL made to do squats

3

WORLD3h ago
Driver kills 10 ramming truck into New Orleans crowd in New Year attack

4

NATION4h ago
E-filing only for income tax returns from YA2024, says Inland Revenue Board

5

NATION23h ago
Work on Mutiara Line LRT project commences

6

NATION2h ago
Muslims must reject religious polemics, urges Na'im

7

NATION10h ago
Tax identification number search service can be accessed today, says LHDN

8

NATION7h ago
All tuckered out: Trader blames 'exhaustion' after being caught with masseuse in Melaka hotel room

9

NATION2h ago
Police detain suspect in connection with Ipoh man's death

10

NATION3h ago
Housewife shocked by 1.4m crocodile near her front door in Pasir Mas
Others Also Read
INDIA1h ago
Uttar Pradesh man allegedly kills mother, four sisters over harassment by land mafia
STARPLUS30 Dec 2024
INTERACTIVE: Malaysia 2025 long weekend guide
JAPAN2h ago
New Year’s ceremony held at Japan's Imperial Palace
STARPICKS
Reinventing affordable luxury living
SOUTH KOREA2h ago
Bird-enthusiast YouTuber faces backlash after South Korean air disaster
CHINA3h ago
Wife of Chinese dwarf doctor carries him to house calls, he treats over 2,000...
ARTS3h ago
BBC celebrates 100 years of 'poetic' shipping forecast
WELLNESS3h ago
It takes a team to prehabilitate a patient before surgery
INDONESIA4h ago
Indonesia starts implementing 12 per cent VAT on luxury goods...
FOOTBALL4h ago
Soccer-Stoke City appoint Robins as manager
CHINA5h ago
China renter converts flat into chicken farm, causing foul odor, damage to...
LETTERS5h ago
Malaysia at the helm: Steering Asean toward a resilient Future
Load More
StarPicks
 
Reinventing affordable luxury living

Mah Sing's award-winning M Vertica delivers eco-friendly, modern homes with exceptional facilities and connectivity.

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2025 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/news/nation/2024/04/12/all-about-the-kings-new-luxurious-ride-chinas-hongqi-l5 
 ----- 
