HOME
ACTUAL 
KHAS 
ANALYSIS 
MUSIC
AUTOMOTIVE 
VIDEO
PODCAST
INDEX
Monday, 30 December 2024
 |
 

Home
Olahraga
Indonesia Vs Japan National Team Results: Garuda Squad Defeated 1-3
24 Januari 2024, 20:48 | Editorial Team 
The Indonesian national team against Japan in the last match of Group D of the 2023 Asian Cup (doc. AFC).

Share:

     

JAKARTA - The match between the Indonesian vs Japan national team in Group D of the 2023 Asian Cup was held at Al Thumama Stadium, Wednesday, January 24, 2024, at 18.30 WIB.

Japan successfully took three points in the group's last match after winning 3-1 against the Indonesian national team.

Japan pressed from the early minutes. Disaster for the Indonesian national team immediately came in the first attack of the Blue Samurai.

Jordi Amat violated Ayase Ueda in the penalty box when the game had only been running for two minutes. The captain is considered to have pulled Ueda.

After reviewing the video assistant referee (VAR), referee Khamis Mohammed Al Marri from Qatar firmly decided on a penalty kick for Japan.

Ayaese Ueda, who was the executor of the Japanese penalty, successfully carried out his duties in the sixth minute.

After trailing 0-1, the Garuda Squad is still difficult to develop. Japan's high defense scheme makes Indonesia often lose the ball.

In fact, this strategy is enough to make it difficult for Shin Tae-yong's team to play the ball.

Until 10 minutes of the match, Japan's tight pressing frustrated Indonesia to find an equalizer goal.

Meanwhile, Japan easily flowed the ball to dismantle the Red-White Team's defense.

Indonesia also has difficulty cutting the ball from the opponent. The movement of players who lost quickly made Japan always excel in possession of the ball.

As a result, Takefusa Kubo and colleagues were so dominant. They managed several times to create opportunities.

Just look at the effort in the 24th minute through Kubo. However, his shot from outside the penalty box is still wide.

SEE ALSO:
 | OLAHRAGA
Susunan Pemain Timnas Indonesia vs Jepang di Piala Asia
24 Januari 2024, 18:00
 | OLAHRAGA
Jepang Butuh Racikan Pemain Bagus untuk Menang Melawan Timnas Indonesia
24 Januari 2024, 17:08
 | OLAHRAGA
Shin Tae-yong Akan Memakai Pendekatan Berbeda Melawan Jepang
24 Januari 2024, 16:45

Indonesia is actually not without a chance. The only best chance in the first half was created in the 30th minute.

Marselino Ferdinand threatened Japan's defense with action on the right side of the opponent's defense after receiving a breakthrough pass from Pratama Arhan.

Marselino intends to release a cut-back cross, but Yuta Nakayama is still quick to clear the ball which led to a corner.

Unfortunately, the chances of a corner were wasted because Marselino was inaccurate for releasing the bait.

After that, Japan bombarded Indonesia's defense. In the 34th minute, the chance to double the advantage was wide open through Keito Nakamura's kick.

Starting from Nakamura's shot which was blocked by Rizky Ridho, the rebound ball was then grabbed by Kubo, but again blocked by Marselino.

However, the ball was then still under Kubo's control who immediately passed it to Seiya Maikuma.

Maikuma pulled Nakamura in the middle of the box. However, Nakamura's shot still hit the post.

Japan did not stop launching attacks after the opportunity. A good chance was born at the end of the first half.

Ayase Ueda made an acrobatic shot using a cross, Justin Hubner was still able to block the effort.

No goals were scored until halftime. Indonesia vs Japan ended 0-1 in the first half.

Japan is superior to possession of more than 70 percent with a total of seven shots.

Entering the second half, Japan was still dominant. They immediately added to the advantage when the game had only been running for seven minutes.

In the 52nd minute, Ueda returned to the scoreboard. The goal started with Nakamura's counter-attack. He released a short pass to Ritsu Doan which ended the attack with a low cross from inside the penalty box.

Ueda, who was without guard at the far post, easily threw the ball into Ernando Ari's goal.

Even though he was already 2-0 ahead, Samurai Biru did not stop pressing. Two minutes after the second goal, Doan almost added a goal. However, his shot was still wide even though he only faced one on one with Ernando Ari.

Doan did become a frightening scourge for the Indonesian national team's defense. He threatened again in the 63rd minute. Luckily, his header could still be blocked by Hubner when Ernando was no longer in his position.

The Indonesian national team threatened a minute later, but Marselino's hard kick from outside the box still bounced.

In the 68th minute, the Garuda Squad attacked again. Unfortunately, the throw into Pratama Arhan failed to be used by the player in the penalty box.

Instead, Japan carried out a dangerous counter-attack after that. Luckily, Kubo's cross from the right side of the defense was cut first by Ernando before reaching Ueda, who was already without escort.

The Indonesian national team seems to occasionally get out of the pressure. However, their efforts to penetrate the Japanese defense always ran aground before entering the penalty box.

While busy looking for the opener, the defense side of the Garuda Squad looked low. Blue Samurai often managed to launch a counterattack.

One of the good chances was created in the 80th minute, but Maikuma's volley was still narrowly wide.

Five minutes later, Ueda again made Indonesia's defense wary. Fortunately, the kick from outside the penalty box was still wide.

Japan's efforts paid off in the 88th minute. Starting from Junya Ito's action combing the right side of the attack before releasing a low cross into the penalty box.

Ueda, who received the pass, immediately controlled the ball and tricked Ridho before shooting. Ueda's shot hit Hubner's left leg and changed course and made it difficult for Ernando to block the ball which finally broke into his goal again.

However, the goal was listed as Justin Hubner's own goal.

Even though they are 0-3 behind, the Indonesian national team has not given up. The Red-White team managed to reduce the gap in the 90+1 minute through Sandy Walsh's goal.

Starting from a throw into Arhan who went straight into the penalty box. Elkan Baggott was not perfect in headed the ball, but fortunately the ball headed right for Sandy Walsh in an empty position at the far post.

Walsh immediately fired a shot that shook the Japanese goal net. After that, no goals were created. The Indonesian vs Japan national team ended 1-3.

The Garuda Squad's move to the knockout stages is getting tougher considering that the kelovian depends on Oman and Bahrain who have just played the group's last match on January 25, 2024.

Meanwhile, Japan is the runner-up in Group D and ensures tickets to the last 16 of the 2023 Asian Cup.

The English, Chinese, Japanese, Arabic, and French versions are automatically generated by the AI. So there may still be inaccuracies in translating, please always see Indonesian as our main language. (system supported by DigitalSiber.id)

Tag: timnas indonesia jepang piala asia sepak bola sepak bola internasional shin tae yong

MOST POPULAR TAGS
#Prabowo Subianto
#New Year
#airplane accident
#Hasto Kristiyanto
#nataru
#squid game 2


POPULAR
| SPORTS
Returning To Singapore, Vietnam Advances To The 2024 AFF Cup Final
30 Desember 2024, 01:00
| SPORTS
The Role Of Ring Girl In Professional Boxing Will Soon Be Replaced By AI
30 Desember 2024, 06:30
| SPORTS
Frenkie De Jong Agent Denies Rumors Of Transfer To Saudi Arabian Club
30 Desember 2024, 11:45
RELATED NEWS
| ECONOMY
Minister Of Agriculture Amran: National Rice Production Reaches 30 Million Tons Until December 2024
30 Desember 2024, 18:42
| NEWS
Natalius Pigai On Harvey Moeis' Verdict: Disappointment Is Very Understanding But We Need To Respect Judges' Independence
30 Desember 2024, 18:39
| SPORTS
After Sending 12 Players Against Barito Putera, PSM Makassar Sentenced To 6 Points Reduction
30 Desember 2024, 18:38
| NEWS
Israeli Military Makes Kamal Adwan Gaza Hospital Paralyzed, 7 Critical Patients Moved To Indonesian Hospital
30 Desember 2024, 18:37
| MUSIK
Plagiarism Detected, Song Apa Sih From Radja Disappears From Spotify
30 Desember 2024, 18:35
| TECHNOLOGY
Kaleidoscope 2024: List Of Investment Lirik Technology Companies In Indonesia
30 Desember 2024, 18:34

© 2024 VOI - Waktunya Merevolusi Pemberitaan

    

About VOI English | Editorial Team | Cybermedia Guidelines | Privacy Policy | Journalism Code of Ethics | Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://voi.id/en/sports/351071 
 ----- 
