CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Japan cruise past Indonesia to reach Asian Cup last 16

Published: 24 Jan 2024 - 05:02 pm | Last Updated: 25 Jan 2024 - 02:39 pm

Japan's players celebrate after their second goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group D football match between Japan and Indonesia at al-Thumama Stadium in Doha on January 24, 2024. (Photo by HECTOR RETAMAL / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
Fawad Hussain | The Peninsula

Doha, Qatar: Ayase Ueda scored a brace as favourites Japan bounced back from shock defeat against Iraq to outclass Indonesia 3-1 and advance at the Asian Cup yesterday.

The four-time champions could meet South Korea in last 16 after they finished runners up in Group D, topped by Iraq with three consecutive victories.

The tasty clash will be confirmed if South Korea win Group E currently led by Jordan. The Taeguk Warriors, who are behind Jordan on goal difference, will take on Malaysia in their last group match today.

With Iran a possibility for Japan in the quarter-finals, coach Hajime Moriyasu said his team will be ready for any opponent in quest for record-extending fifth title.

“Iran and South Korea are top-level teams in Asia and both are very strong. They both have their own style that is different from ours and we respect them. It is a step-up in quality as we move into the race for the title,” he said.

“Scoring an early goal [against Indonesia] helped us but we must improve both in defence and attack,” added the Japanese coach, who made eight changes to his starting line-up following a 2-1 defeat to Iraq.

Feyenoord striker Ueda scored a goal in each half and his hit late in the match resulted in an own goal by Justin Hubner in front of around 26500 spectators.

With their fans outnumbering Japanese supporters, Indonesia’s consolation goal came through Sandy Walsh just before the game ended. The Shin Tae-young’s side will have to wait to determine their fate for the knockout stage as one of the four best third-place teams after finishing third in the group with three points.

Japan's players salute the attendance and hold a banner in solidarity with the victims of the 2024 Noto peninsula earthquake during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup Group D football match between Japan and Indonesia at al-Thumama Stadium in Doha on January 24, 2024. (Photo by HECTOR RETAMAL / AFP)

Japan could have won by a bigger margin had they been accurate in their finishing. Moriyasu's men created multiple scoring opportunities throughout the match which they dominated right till the end, taking more than a dozen of attempts.

Ueda was perfect in his strike from the spot in sixth minute after he won a penalty conceded by Jordi Amat soon after the kick off. Qatar referee Khamis Al Marri, who initially let the play continue, ruled Amat had dragged down Ueda in the box following a VAR review.

Indonesia, hardly getting the possession, remained at the receiving end in the first half with Takefusa Kubo missing the target twice before Keito Nakamura’s shot off Seiya Maikuma hit the left post.


Japan’s Ayase Ueda scores his team’s first goal against Indonesia from a penalty shot. AFP

Japan resumed the game in a similar fashion with Ueda scoring his second goal seven minutes after the break. Ritsu Doan set up the goal cutting through defence to pick the striker, who slotted the ball in the bottom right corner from a close range.

Koki Machida and Doan tried to extend Japan’s lead with threatening strikes as it took over an hour for Indonesia to make their first attempt at goal but Marselino Ferdinan spurned the chance after Egy Maulana Vikri’s assist.

Seeking first hat-trick of the tournament, Ueda fired a shot from inside the box which was inadvertently put into his own net by defender Hubner two minutes before time.

Walsh finally gave cheers to Indonesian supporters, volleying from centre of the box in the right after a corner in first minute of injury time.

RESULTS

Group D
Iraq 3-2 Vietnam
Japan 3-1 Indonesia

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
'Beyond Reality' circus show at Al Wakrah Old Souq extended
UDST unveils seven new programs including Qatar's first aeronautical engineering
Both Jeju Air black boxes found: officials
Qatar strongly condemns settlers' storming of Al Aqsa Mosque courtyards
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
South Korea inspects B737-800 fleet after worst plane crash
New body found after deadly Channel crossing
AC Milan sack coach Fonseca: club
New year nerves hit Asian stocks
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/24/01/2024/japan-cruise-past-indonesia-to-reach-asian-cup-last-16 
 ----- 
