Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

SOCCER Japan advances in the Asian Cup and Iraq maintains 100% winning run on its way to the knockout stage

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

January 25, 2024 at 10:25 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

Indonesia's Jordi Amat, right, defends Japan's Ayase Ueda during the Asian Cup Group D soccer match between Japan and Indonesia at Al Thumama in Doha, Qatar, Jan. 24, 2024. (AP Photo)

DOHA, Qatar--Japan got its Asian Cup campaign back on track by advancing to the knockout stage after a 3-1 win against Indonesia on Wednesday.

The pre-tournament favorite surprisingly lost to Iraq in its second Group D match last week to leave its hopes of winning a record-extending fifth Asian Cup title in jeopardy.

But any concerns that it could face an early exit were swept away at Al Thumama Stadium after two goals from Ayase Ueda put the four-time champion on course for victory.

Justin Hubner scored a late own goal and Sandy Walsh pulled one back for Indonesia in added time.

Iraq advanced as group winner ahead of second-placed Japan with a perfect record. Substitute Aymen Hussein scored from the penalty spot in the 12th minute of stoppage time to beat 10-man Vietnam 3-2 at Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium.

UEDA DOUBLE

It took Ueda just six minutes to settle any nerves Japan’s players and fans might have been feeling going into their final group game.

The Feyenoord striker had won the spot kick after being fouled by Jordi Amat and fired his shot into the right-hand corner beyond Indonesia goalkeeper Ernando Ari Sutaryadi to open the scoring.

He doubled Japan’s lead in the 52nd — and when Hubner diverted another effort from Ueda into his own goal in the 88th the win looked beyond doubt.

Walsh scored a consolation in added time and Indonesia, on three points, will have to wait to see if it advances as one of the best third-placed teams.

HUSSEIN DELIVERS

Having already missed one penalty after coming on as a halftime substitute, Hussein converted from the spot deep into stoppage time to maintain Iraq’s perfect record in Group D.

Hussein is the tournament’s leading scorer with five goals and that record might have been even better had he not struck the post with his earlier penalty against Vietnam.

He still managed to have a key impact on the match with two goals as the 2007 champion came from behind to make it three wins out of three.

Vietnam had taken the lead through Bui Hoang Viet Anh in the 42nd — but Khuat Van Khang was sent off in first-half stoppage time for a second yellow card.

It took only two minutes of the second half for Rebin Solaka to even the score for Iraq and Hussein headed his team in front in the 73rd.

Hussein failed to score from the spot 10 minutes later when firing against the post and that miss looked to be costly when substitute Nguyen Quang Hai leveled the game in the 91st.

That was until Hussein was given the chance to make amends for his earlier penalty and he made no mistake from the spot on this occasion.

Related News

SOCCER/ Japan and Iran show why they are among the favorites to lift the Asian Cup after big wins

January 15, 2024

SOCCER/ Japan and Saudi Arabia qualify for World Cup

March 25, 2022

SOCCER/ Oman shocks Japan 1-0, Iraq holds South Korea to 0-0 draw

September 3, 2021

SOCCER/ Japan under pressure after Saudi loss, Australia set record

October 8, 2021

OLYMPICS/ Soccer-Japan make semis with shootout win, Spain survive late scare

August 1, 2021
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Couple revered for Japanese language test to keep going ...
Heavy snow to hit eastern and western Japan through Dec. 29
Uranium, fuel rod casing found in Fukushima nuclear debris
Hayao Miyazaki criticizes Japan wartime past in award speech
Hachiko-like tribute to Ishi, ‘grandpuppy’ of all living Shiba
JAL slapped with administrative guidance over boozy pilot pair
Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace
JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos
K-Pop star questioned by South Korea police for alleged drug use
‘Miracle town’ in Okayama with a spin on how English is taught
Videos

Giant, sacred snake greets New Year’s visitors at temple in Kyoto

December 30, 2024

Princess Kako turns 30, prays disaster victims all live in peace

December 29, 2024

JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos

December 25, 2024

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15129169 
 ----- 
