CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
Iran beat Syria on penalties, face Japan in quarter-final

Published: 31 Jan 2024 - 11:53 pm | Last Updated: 01 Feb 2024 - 09:58 am

Iran's players celebrate their win at the end of the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iran and Syria at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 31, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
#Asian Cup Qatar 2023
Chinthana Wasala | The Peninsula

Doha, Qatar: Iran yesterday survived a scare as they prevailed 5-3 in a thrilling penalty shootout against Syria to book a tasty quarter-final clash against Japan in the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023.

The dramatic Round of 16 encounter which took place at the Abdullah Bin Khalifa Stadium saw goals from Iran’s Mehdi Taremi and Syria’s Omar Khrbin taking the match to extra time before goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand emerged as the hero for three-time champions.


Iran's forward #09 Mehdi Taremi celebrates after scoring his team's first goal from the penalty spot during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iran and Syria at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 31, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

When the match was hanging in the balance and right before it was heading into extra time, Taremi, one of Iran’s most experienced players, received the marching orders from the referee after the 31-year-old was shown his second yellow card.

Despite being reduced to 10 men, Iran managed to hold off the Syrian attack in the next 40-plus minutes, forcing a shootout.

Read Also
Japan cruise into quarters
Stubbornness driving Fayzullaev’s bid to excel
Tajikistan wrestles with football fever after Asian Cup exploits

Iran coach Amir Ghalenoei was impressed with his team’s performance towards the end.

“We were very compact and disciplined in extra time, we can be happy until tomorrow, and then we will think about Japan,” Ghalenoei said.

Iran’s Karim Ansarifard, Ramin Rezaeian, Omid Ebrahimi and Mehdi Torabi all made no errors during the shootout. Pablo Sabbag, Aiham Ousou and Alaa Al Dali did their part for Syria, but Beiranvand saved Syria’s second spot-kick, hit by Fahd Youssef. Skipper Ehsan Hajsafi scored the winning penalty for the Lions of Persia, ranked 70 places above Syria.


Syria's Argentine coach Hector Cuper (3L) embraces his team players at the end of the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iran and Syria at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 31, 2024. (Photo by Karim Jaafar / AFP)

Despite the win, Ghalenoei said he was not happy with some of his players.

“[I’m] not happy with two or three [players],” Ghalenoei said without taking the names.

“We could have scored five goals up until the 70th minute,” Ghalenoei said.

Iran came into yesterday’s last 16 tie as the hot favourites after three consecutive victories in the grout stage.

Syria, however, fought their hearts out, surprising the Iranians who are chasing their first Asian title since 1976.

Syrian goalkeeper Ahmed Madanieh made a remarkable save in the 25th minute to deny Mehdi Ghayedi’s long-range strike. Despite his resilience, Madanieh was eventually beaten by Taremi, who successfully converted a penalty for Iran’s opening goal nine minutes later.


Iran’s goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand saves a penalty. AFP

Beiranvand was also kept active, with Syria’s Mouaiad Al Ajjan making a close attempt, almost scoring an equaliser. Iran nearly doubled their lead through Ramin Rezaeian’s corner, which was headed by Azmoun but cleared off the line by Abdulrahman Weiss.

Syrian substitute Pablo Sabbag then earned a penalty, which Khrbin converted, equalising for Syria in the 64th minute.

Education City will host the quarter-final between Iran and pre-tournament favourites Japan on Saturday.

Syria’s coach Hector Cuper, meanwhile, praised his team’s effort, particularly his players’ “sacrifice” amidst everything they are going through.

“I can’t ask more of them,” Cuper said.

It was Syria’s maiden Round of 16 game at the Asian Cup.

Formula One
Isack Hadjar to make F1 debut for Red Bull feeder team in 2025
New Zealander Lawson replaces Perez at Red Bull
Sergio Perez leaves Red Bull F1 team
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
NBA
Mavs star Doncic out for month with calf injury: reports
Lakers pip Warriors after another LeBron-Curry classic
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
Qatar weather: Cold spell expected to return from midweek
Qatar strongly condemns settlers' storming of Al Aqsa Mosque courtyards
What caused South Korea's most deadly plane crash
Minister of Interior crowns winners of Founder's Purebred Arabian Camel Festival
Qatar reaches 5 million visitors in 2024: Tourism Triumph
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
Doha Metro extends operating hours for December 31
German flying taxi startup Volocopter files for insolvency
2024 in review: Top 15 most viewed reports on The Peninsula
Doha Creative City celebrates cultural exchange through bread-making traditions
Doha Today
Msheireb Academy emerge football champions again
ICBF marks 40th anniversary by inaugurating library
Things to do this weekend in Qatar (December 26-28, 2024)
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/31/01/2024/iran-survive-penalty-drama-to-book-asian-cup-clash-with-japan 
 ----- 
