MONDAY, DECEMBER 30, 2024 | JUMADA AL-AKHIRAH 28, 1446 H
CLEAR SKY
OMAN
18°C / 18°C
LOGIN | SUBSCRIBE
     
 
SPORTS
 / 
FOOTBALL
Iran survive penalty drama against Syria
PUBLISHED: 7:28 PM, FEB 01, 2024
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran's Ehsan Hajsafi scores the winning penalty during a penalty shootout REUTERS/Thaier Al-Sudani
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran's Alireza Beiranvand celebrates with teammates after the match REUTERS/Molly Darlington
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran players celebrate after Mehdi Torabi scored a penalty during a penalty shootout REUTERS/Molly Darlington
Iran's goalkeeper #01 Alireza Beiranvand saves a penalty goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iran and Syria at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 31, 2024. (Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP)
Iran's players celebrate their win at the end of the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iran and Syria at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 31, 2024. (Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP)
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran's Alireza Beiranvand saves a penalty during a penalty shootout REUTERS/Thaier Al-Sudani
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran's Ehsan Hajsafi scores the winning penalty during a penalty shootout REUTERS/Thaier Al-Sudani
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran's Alireza Beiranvand celebrates with teammates after the match REUTERS/Molly Darlington
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran players celebrate after Mehdi Torabi scored a penalty during a penalty shootout REUTERS/Molly Darlington
Iran's goalkeeper #01 Alireza Beiranvand saves a penalty goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iran and Syria at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 31, 2024. (Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP)
Iran's players celebrate their win at the end of the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Iran and Syria at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha on January 31, 2024. (Photo by KARIM JAAFAR / AFP)
Soccer Football - AFC Asian Cup - Round of 16 - Iran v Syria - Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium, Doha, Qatar - January 31, 2024 Iran's Alireza Beiranvand saves a penalty during a penalty shootout REUTERS/Thaier Al-Sudani
SHARE
Listen

DOHA: Iran say they will be "more united" in the Asian Cup quarterfinals after surviving extra time with 10 men before defeating Syria on penalties on Wednesday.




After the match ended 1-1 after 120 minutes, Iran held their nerve to win 5-3 in the shootout and face pre-tournament favourites Japan on Saturday.




Iran played the last 30 minutes with 10 men after Porto striker Mehdi Taremi was sent off for a second yellow card with the game level at the end of normal time.




Goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand was the penalty hero, saving Syria's second spot-kick from Fahd Youssef, and skipper Ehsan Hajsafi tucked away the winning penalty.




Midfielder Saeid Ezatolahi said he saw being dragged through extra time and penalties as "a positive".




"It is going to make us more united for Japan," he added.




Iran coach Amir Ghalenoei said he was "not happy with two or three" of his players, without saying who.




"We could have scored five goals up until the 70th minute," he said.




"We were very compact and disciplined in extra time, we can be happy until tomorrow, and then we will think about Japan."




Along with hosts and holders Qatar, Iran came into the game as the only team left in the competition with a 100-per cent record. They are pursuing a first Asian Cup crown since 1976.




Taremi was a central figure, winning a first-half penalty and putting it away to give Iran a deserved lead.




Syria had barely been in the game but equalised just after the hour, also from the spot, before Taremi was sent off in second-half injury time.




Syria's wily Argentine coach Hector Cuper praised his players' "sacrifice", adding: "I can't ask more of them."




The 68-year-old refused to commit his future to Syria, saying: "Next week we will sit together (with football officials) and talk and see if I will stay or if I have other options."




TAREMI IN THE THICK OF IT




Syria were in the knockout rounds for the first time at their seventh Asian Cup and their plan was to sit deep and hit on the break at a raucous Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium.




The 31-year-old Taremi was in the thick of it from the off and won a penalty when defender Aiham Ousou shoved him in the back in the penalty area, sending the forward sprawling over.




Taremi silenced the jeers of the Syrian supporters by stroking in the spot-kick on 34 minutes for his third goal of the tournament.




Syria, who advanced to the last 16 as one of the best four third-placed teams, had only one shot on target in the first half and the start of the second was more Iranian dominance.




Syria twice cleared off the line in quick succession and goalkeeper Ahmad Madanieh also made two desperate saves.




Cuper threw on Colombian-born Pablo Sabbag just before the hour and it paid off immediately, Beiranvand haring out of his goal and bringing the substitute down in the box.




The referee gave no penalty but changed his mind after VAR recommended he look at the pitchside monitor, and skipper Omar Khribin held his nerve for a 64th-minute equaliser. -- AFP




Oman Observer is now on the WhatsApp channel. Click here

SHARE ARTICLE
Oman
Governorates
Health
Transport
ROP
Education
His Majesty
Environment
Tourism
Labour
Community
Weather
Business
Economy
Markets
Banking
Energy
Aviation
Cars
Property
Tourism
Features
Lifestyle
Arts
Culture
Food
Travel
Fashion
Photography
Films/Tv
Books
Music
The Opera
Weekend
Sports
Football
Tennis
Cricket
Motor Sports
Athletics
Golf
NBA
Other Sports
World
Region
Americas
Europe
Asia
Africa
Australia
Opinion
Oman
Business
International
SCITECH
Science
Technology
Web Specials
Classifieds
About Us
 
Contact Us
 
Work With Us
 
Privacy Policy
 
Terms and Conditions
 
Advertise with Us
 
Subscribe
 
RSS
Oman Daily Observer
Copyright © 2024 Ministry of Information,
Sultanate of Oman
All Rights Reserved.
FOLLOW US
     
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.omanobserver.om/article/1149066/sports/football/iran-survive-penalty-drama-against-syria 
 ----- 
