CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 02:33, February 1, 2024 | Updated: 02:42, February 1, 2024
Asian Cup: Japan beat Bahrain, Iran edge Syria on penalties
By Xinhua
Share

Japan's forward #09 Ayase Ueda shoots to score his team's third goal during the Qatar 2023 AFC Asian Cup football match between Bahrain and Japan at al-Thumama Stadium in Doha on Jan 31, 2024. (PHOTO / AFP)

DOHA - Japan advanced to the AFC Asian Cup quarterfinals with a 3-1 win over Bahrain here on Wednesday, while Iran edged Syria 5-3 on penalties after a 1-1 draw.


Goals from Ritsu Doan, Takefusa Kubo and Ayase Ueda helped Hajime Moriyasu's side outclass Bahrain, who had almost no chances except Ueda's own goal after a goalline scramble.

Japan took the lead in the 31st minute when Seiya Maikuma's shot from 25 yards hit the post and deflected to Doan, who stroke home in the box.

Japan doubled the lead just four minutes into the second half. Kubo gained possession in front of the Bahrain box and passed to Ueda. Hazza Ali tried to tackle the striker but only steered the ball to Kubo, who slotted past goalkeeper Lutfalla.

Bahrain hardly had chances to threaten Japan's goal, but Ueda and Suzuki's collision caused an own goal when the striker attempted to head the ball off the goalline in the 64th minute.

ALSO READ: Asian Cup: S. Korea beat S. Arabia on penalties into last 8

Kaoru Mitoma came off the bench along with Takumi Minamino four minutes later to make his debut in Doha.

On 72 minutes, Ueda made up for his earlier mistake, drilling the ball through Lutfalla's legs after having sprinted into Bahrain's area.

Iran's Saeid Ezatolahi (left) and Syria's Pablo Sabbag go for a header during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Syria and Iran at Abdullah Bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha, Qatar, on Jan 31, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

In another round-of-16 duel, Iran outplayed Syria but Omar Khribin's equalizer from the spot and Medhi Taremi's second yellow card in the second half forced a penalty shootout.

Iran's first chance came in the 8th minute when Alireza Jahanbakhsh set Sardar Azmoun free inside the box, but the forward's effort was blocked by goalkeeper Ahmed Madanieh and his follow-up half-volley was ruled out for offside.

Taremi's goal from the spot gifted Iran a 1-0 lead in the 34th minute.

Pablo Sabbag saved Syria after coming off the bench when he was brought down by goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand. Khribin stepped up and converted the penalty in the 64th minute.

READ MORE: Asian Cup: Uzbekistan power past Thailand 2-1 to quarters

Taremi's second caution during stoppage time saw him sent him off and left Iran to struggle through extra time, before ultimately prevailing on penalties.


Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Tsitsipas leads Greece to victory at tennis United Cup
Spanish football shines brightly with Messi still in spotlight
Top 10 world sports news events in 2024
Kyrgios says sport's integrity 'awful' in wake of Sinner, Swiatek doping cases
Djokovic, Kyrgios relishing partnership in Brisbane doubles
Inzaghi celebrates Cagliari victory as Martinez's goal drought ends
Atalanta's winning streak ends in 1-1 draw at Lazio
Inter dispatch Cagliari 3-0 to keep pace at Serie A summit
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/374482 
 ----- 
