Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
Kansas City Royals complete a remarkable turnaround, clinching a playoff spot a year after a 106-loss season
Kansas City Royals’ Bobby Witt Jr., lfront eft, and Michael Massey, right, await for their turns at bat in the first inning of a baseball game against the Atlanta Braves, Friday, Sept. 27, 2024, in Atlanta. (AP Photo/Jason Allen)
By PAUL NEWBERRY | Associated Press
UPDATED: September 28, 2024 at 12:40 AM CST

ATLANTA — The Kansas City Royals completed one of the most remarkable turnarounds in major-league history Friday night, clinching an American League wild-card spot despite a 3-0 loss to the Atlanta Braves.

A year ago, the Royals matched a franchise record with 106 losses. Now, they are headed to the postseason for the first time since winning the 2015 World Series.

“We’re just so proud of everyone,” said shortstop Bobby Witt Jr., the face of the revitalized franchise. “This is just the beginning of something special.”

The celebration was delayed by a masterful performance from Braves pitcher Max Fried. But the Royals finally popped the champagne corks in the visitors clubhouse at Truist Park when the Minnesota Twins were eliminated with a 7-2 loss to the Baltimore Orioles.

“This isn’t how we ideally wanted it,” Witt said. “But we’re here. We did it. We’re so proud of each other. We can’t let one game control our season.”

Led by second-year manager Matt Quatraro, the Royals are the first team in baseball history to make the playoffs after posting such a dismal mark the previous season.

In fact, since the start of the expansion era in 1961, the Royals are just the third team to advance to the postseason after losing at least 100 games the previous year.

The Twins earned a wild card in 2017 after going 59-103 a year earlier, and the 2020 Florida Marlins qualified for a wild card during the pandemic-shortened 2020 campaign coming off a 57-105 debacle.

The Royals quickly fell on hard times after claiming back-to-back AL pennants in 2014 and ’15 and their first World Series title in 30 years. They had not recorded a winning season since their championship run, losing at least 100 games in three of the last six, and were a total laughingstock just a year ago.

That all changed this season with a team led by Witt, who became the first shortstop in major-league history with multiple seasons of at least 30 homers and 30 steals.

“You can’t help but be proud,” general manager J.J. Picollo said. “It was a battle all year long. We overcame a lot of odds.”

The Royals have struggled down the stretch, enduring a pair of seven-game losing streaks.

It didn’t stop them in the end.

“We had some adversity here the last month of the season,” Picollo said. “But this is a tough, resilient group and we got through and here we are celebrating this moment.”

Witt tops the majors with 210 hits and a .332 average to go along with 32 home runs, 109 RBIs and 31 stolen bases.

Veteran catcher Salvador Perez also is having a huge offensive season with 27 home runs and 104 RBIs. The Royals made the playoffs even after losing first baseman Vinnie Pasquantino, who had 97 RBIs before breaking his right thumb and undergoing surgery.

There is a chance Pasquantino could return during the playoffs if the Royals make an extended run.

Amazingly, Picollo didn’t have to break the bank to build a small-market winner.

The players that have led the Royals to heights not seen in nearly a decade were either on the team last year and just needed a little more time to grow, or were free-agent signings and trade acquisitions who underscored Picollo’s baseball savvy.

Just check out the rotation.

Seth Lugo, who is 16-9 with a 3.03 ERA, signed a modest three-year, $45 million free-agent deal. Michael Wacha signed a similar two-year, $32 million deal and is 13-8 with a 3.35 ERA.

Cole Ragans has contributed 11 wins with 223 strikeouts after being acquired from the Texas Rangers in a trade last season. Brady Singer bounced back from a disappointing 2023, and Michael Lorenzen is 2-0 with a 1.69 ERA in six starts since his arrival just before the trade deadline.

The bullpen has been entirely rebuilt, too, with Lucas Erceg earning 11 saves since the Royals landed him in a trade with the Milwaukee Brewers.

Owner John Sherman said he was thrilled the fans of Kansas City have a winning team to cheer for again.

“I remember we talked about this a lot, maybe in spring training, that all we want to do is play meaningful baseball in August and September and have a chance to play in October,” Sherman said. “Here we are.”

Nobody seems to be having more fun than Witt, who has put together a historic season after signing an 11-year, $288.7 million deal to serve as the cornerstone of the franchise.

The son of longtime big-league pitcher Bobby Witt is the first player in major-league history with multiple 30-30 seasons in his first three years in the majors. Advanced metrics grade him as not only one of baseball’s best defenders but also one of its fastest players.

“He’s the best player in baseball,” Ragans said recently. “A special talent, a special human being.”

Originally Published: September 28, 2024 at 12:31 AM CST
Around the Web
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason No One Talks About!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
YourBump
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Forget Vitamin B, Do This if You Have Neuropathy & Nerve Pain
Wellness Gaze Nuero
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Park Ranger Evacuates the Nevada Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Doctors Stunned : This Removes Wrinkles and Eye-bags Like Crazy (Try Tonight)
Health News | Skin
Do You Know What is Primary Immunodeficiency? You Will Be Shocked!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
15 Surprising Foods You Should Not Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From The Store
learnitwise
Best Treatment for Head Psoriasis for Seniors (Click Here!)
Scalp Psoriasis Treatment
Swollen Feet & Ankles: Use This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Judge releases woman who stabbed a classmate to please Slender Man from a psychiatric hospital
Chicago Bears Q&A: Has the dynamic shifted? Should there be confidence they’ll get the coach right this time?
Today in Chicago History: ‘McCaskey, you’re a bum!’ The coin flip that cost the Chicago Bears Terry Bradshaw.
Chicago couple first to sue ex-Sgt. Ronald Watts in line for $7.5M settlement
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Today in Chicago History: 7 found dead inside Brown’s Chicken in Palatine
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
Brian Matusz, who pitched for the Chicago Cubs in his final MLB appearance, dies at 37
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
Chicago White Sox sign Josh Rojas to a 1-year deal, adding a versatile veteran to their infield options
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
2024
September
28
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/28/kansas-city-royals-playoffs-turnaround/ 
 ----- 
