Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Men's T20 World Cup
Namibia vs Oman: Wiese holds nerves in super over finish at T20 World Cup

Wiese scored 13 runs and restricted Oman to 10 in the super over after the match was tied at the end of each side’s 20 overs.

Namibia's David Wiese celebrates after dismissing Oman's Naseem Khushi in the super over [Randy Brooks/AFP]
Published On 3 Jun 2024
3 Jun 2024

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Namibia scored a nerve-shredding victory over Oman in their T20 World Cup Group B clash in Barbados after a low-scoring thriller was decided by a super over.

David Wiese was the hero for Namibia in Sunday’s late match, contributing 13 runs in the Africans’ super over total of 21 before restricting Oman to 10 runs with the ball in hand to seal a crucial win at Kensington Oval.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
Indians and Pakistanis join hands to realise USA’s T20 World Cup dream
list 2 of 4
Kohli, Babar, Archer: Who will be the top 10 players at the T20 World Cup?
list 3 of 4
Can Rohit Sharma’s ‘balanced and experienced’ India win the T20 World Cup?
list 4 of 4
The T20 World Cup has brought cricket to the US, but will it ever take off?
end of list

The match had gone to a decisive extra over after a tense duel saw both teams finish with 109 runs from their allotted 20 overs.

Oman had looked to be heading for defeat after a superb four-wicket bowling display from Ruben Trumpelmann saw them all out for 109 off 19.4 overs.

But Oman’s bowlers responded with a disciplined performance to contain Namibia’s batters, with Mehran Khan conjuring a superb spell to leave the match on a knife edge.

Khan finished with figures of three wickets for seven runs off three overs.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA

The veteran Oman bowler took two wickets in the final over to frustrate Namibia, who needed just five to clinch victory.

‘Emotionally draining evening’

But Khan was bizarrely overlooked for the super over bowling duties by Oman, with Bilal Khan handed the ball instead.

Advertisement

That move backfired spectacularly, though, with Wiese blasting a four off the first ball and then crushing a full toss for six off Khan’s second delivery.

Wiese took three more runs off the next two balls before Namibia skipper Gerhard Erasmus hit back-to-back fours to set Oman a daunting victory target of 22 off their super over.

Wiese took over the bowling duties for Namibia and after conceding just two runs from his first two deliveries, took the wicket of Naseem Khushi.

Two more singles left Oman needing 18 from the last delivery to win, meaning Wiese could allow Zeeshan Maqsood to blast a six knowing victory was assured.

“I definitely aged a couple of years tonight,” the 39-year-old Wiese said. “And I don’t have a lot of years left in me. It was an emotionally draining evening.”

Wiese said he had been confident of steering Namibia to victory with bat and ball in the super over.

“It helped that I had a feel of the game and knew if I get a few hits out in the super over … then with the ball, felt like taking the ball and executing.

“The pitch was difficult and didn’t play the way we thought. But we adapted well.”

Oman captain Aqib Ilyas was left lamenting an agonising near-miss – but defended the decision to opt for Bilal as the super over bowler over the in-form Khan.

“I think Bilal is one of the best bowlers you can have at this level,” Aqib said. “But there are days where you plan and it doesn’t execute.

“He was clear, we were clear, but maybe the ball was wet and he couldn’t execute.”

Advertisement

Earlier, Trumpelmann had given Namibia a dream start with two wickets from the first two deliveries of the match, part of a four-wicket performance. Wiese also impressed in the regulation 20 overs with 3-28 off 3.4 overs.

Namibia made hard work of the run chase, however, with Jan Frylinck (45) and Niko Davin (24) top scoring as the Southern African side came up just short of their victory target.

SOURCE: NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 873 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2024/6/3/namibia-vs-oman-wiese-holds-nerves-in-super-over-finish-at-t20-world-cup 
 ----- 
