Sections
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
SPORTS
Giants fire manager Gabe Kapler after failing to reach postseason again
San Francisco Giants manager Gabe Kapler walks back to the dugout during a game against the Arizona Diamondbacks on Sept. 20. (Ross D. Franklin / Associated Press)
By JANIE McCAULEY
Associated Press
Sept. 29, 2023 Updated 5:37 PM PT
Share

SAN FRANCISCO —  When the San Francisco Giants were still in the playoff chase earlier this month and squandered crucial opportunities and games, President of Baseball Operations Farhan Zaidi concluded that it was time to move on from manager Gabe Kapler.

The Giants fired Kapler on Friday with three days left in the season and the team eliminated from the playoffs for a second straight year.

“As a group, as a team, we played our worst baseball when it mattered the most,” Zaidi said.

Zaidi made his recommendation to ownership while taking his share of responsibility for the team’s shortcomings. His own future is unclear with one year remaining on his contract.

DODGERS

J.D. Martinez and the Dodgers make RBI history during loss to Rockies
Sept. 28, 2023

“To go out on that last road trip still in the wild card, still controlling our own destiny and then playing the way we did when we controlled our own destiny, those are hard to watch for everybody,” Zaidi said. “It was hard for the players to go through, it was hard for fans to watch, it was hard for us as an organization to watch. That sort of really accelerated our view that we need to make difficult decisions and think about things differently.”

Kapler left Oracle park by midafternoon Friday. Reached by text, he did not address his tenure with the Giants.

Kapler’s firing was the first managerial change of 2023. Bench coach Kai Correa was set to manage the Giants in an interim role for the final three games.

The Giants were 78-81 going into a season-ending series against the NL West champion Dodgers.

“This is just what happens when you lose baseball games,” outfielder Austin Slater said. “We severely underperformed the last month and a half, two months, honestly probably since the All-Star break. It’s a combination of sloppy baseball, poor offense, our pitching that we were riding for most of the year, it started to show some holes. So all around, there’s not one point on the team or one person or one group to blame. It was just an overall, just bad baseball.”

The 48-year-old Kapler had a 295-248 record over four seasons guiding the Giants, but his only year with a winning record was 2021, when San Francisco won a franchise-record 107 games and the NL West title — one game ahead of the 106-win Dodgers.

DODGERS

Dodgers will let fans watch pre-playoff workout at Dodger Stadium
Sept. 29, 2023

San Francisco lost in the NL Division series that year in five games to the Dodgers, then regressed to 81-81 last year.

Kapler’s first season with San Francisco was the pandemic-shortened 2020 campaign. He managed the Philadelphia Phillies for two years before that, going 161-163.

In San Francisco, he followed three veteran managers in Dusty Baker, Felipe Alou and Bruce Bochy. The Giants won World Series championships under Bochy in 2010, ‘12 and ’14.

The Giants will strive to find a manager before the start of free agency. Zaidi didn’t rule out an internal candidate being considered as Kapler’s replacement.

“I don’t think we did the best job for him,” right-hander Logan Webb said. “As a team we haven’t been very good these last two years. ... There needs to be a standard set of how we play baseball here.”

More to Read
Letters to Sports: Dodgers’ problems start with manager Dave Roberts
July 20, 2024
SPORTSDODGERS
More From the Los Angeles Times

HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS

Prep talk: LaMelo Ball returns to town with the Charlotte Hornets
1 hour ago

SPORTS

Letters to Sports: Cori Close has built her own pyramid of success
1 hour ago

HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS

Prep basketball roundup: Kaiden Bailey leads Santa Margarita past JSerra
Jan. 10, 2025

SPORTS

Ohio State defeats Texas in Cotton Bowl, will face Notre Dame for national title
Jan. 10, 2025
Most Read in Sports

SPORTS

Riviera Country Club still stands after Palisades fire. Will it host Genesis Invitational next month?
Jan. 10, 2025

USC SPORTS

Former employee sues USC for allegedly letting Mike Bohn harass her, then firing her
Jan. 10, 2025

UCLA SPORTS

Mick Cronin says his ejection was intentional as UCLA crumbles in loss to Maryland
Jan. 10, 2025

LAKERS

Lakers coach JJ Redick vows to help rebuild L.A. after losing home in fire
Jan. 10, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Before-and-after satellite images show destruction in Malibu and Altadena
Latest Sports
Adrian Kempe scores in overtime to lift Kings to victory over Jets
Jan. 10, 2025
Lakers and Clippers games for Saturday postponed because of L.A. fires
Jan. 10, 2025
Legendary Palisades High tennis coach Bud Kling lost his home in Palisades fire
Jan. 10, 2025
Prime Video’s use of AI, Next Gen Stats on NFL games is helping viewers understand the game better
Jan. 10, 2025
L.A. sports teams and Fanatics launch ‘L.A. Strong’ fire relief campaign
Jan. 10, 2025

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/story/2023-09-29/giants-fire-manager-gabe-kapler 
 ----- 
