Skip to content
Subscribe Now
33°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
The Rockie Way: Inside Colorado’s three decades of mediocre baseball
A four-part special report from The Denver Post
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post, KYLE NEWMAN | knewman@denverpost.com | The Denver Post and MATT SCHUBERT | mschubert@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 30, 2023 at 5:25 PM MDT
Batting helmets are ready for action as the Colorado Rockies have their 2023 home opener at Coors Field against the Washington Nationals on April 6, 2023, in Denver. (Photo by RJ Sangosti/The Denver Post)

On a postcard-perfect autumn night, the Colorado Rockies made history last Tuesday at Coors Field.

This wasn’t the kind of history anyone in purple pinstripes wanted to be a part of, of course, but it remained notable all the same: The Rockies’ 100th loss of the 2023 season, a franchise first handed to them by an old nemesis in the Los Angeles Dodgers.

A crowd of 25,133, roughly half Coors Field’s capacity, paid to witness the moment on the back end of a day-night doubleheader.

While Rockies manager Bud Black insisted 100 was just another number, no different than 98 or 99, many in a fanbase beaten down by years of mediocre baseball could not ignore its significance.

As the Rockies play out the string in the waning days of the worst season in club history, The Denver Post examines the franchise in a series of stories that attempt to define the core principles that led to this moment and currently guide a club that from the outside has often appeared directionless.

Just what is the “Rockie Way,” and why has it produced only nine winning seasons and zero National League West titles in the club’s 31-year history? In talking to dozens of sources across the baseball landscape, including agents, front office executives, former players and league observers, The Post found a franchise walled off from its peers, that lags behind innovative industry leaders and remains stuck in a middle ground between going all-in for a championship and rebuilding its roster without ever fully committing to either.

Matt Schubert, The Denver Post

Part 1: What is the Rockie Way? After three decades of mediocrity, a franchise is still searching for answers.

While fans continue to flock to Coors Field, the on-field product is sub-par largely because the Rockies, rarely aggressive in free agency and historically reluctant to make big trades, have failed to develop their homegrown talent.

Part 2: Many Rockies fans are fed up with owner Dick Monfort but love of Coors Field endures

The Denver Post solicited fans for their views on the Rockies and attending games at Coors Field. Based on emails from more than 100 fans and an online survey that drew more than 2,300 responses, several themes emerged.

Part 3: The Colorado Rockies continue to look inward to turn around lagging franchise. Is Bill Schmidt the answer?

Colorado just lost 100 games for the first time in franchise history, extending its current playoff drought to five seasons. And with few MLB-ready pitchers in the pipeline to shore up what will still be an injury-riddled rotation next summer, it isn’t hard to see that drought extending to six in 2024.

Part 4: State of the Rockies’ farm: Draft-and-build Colorado remains behind in pitching, analytics

The organization’s confidence in the future stands in stark contrast with the reality of the present, as the Rockies are mired in a five-year playoff drought. As Kyle Freeland and his teammates keep “looking for that light” at the end of a long and dark tunnel in LoDo, Colorado has a handful of positional prospects who might be able to provide it.

But the Rockies’ pitching depth lags beneath the MLB mean. If that doesn’t get addressed, the club won’t have the arms to match the bats when a competitive window presented by shortstop Ezequiel Tovar, outfielder Zac Veen, Romo, Beck and others opens.

Keeler: Heck, yeah, Dick Monfort’s Rockies can be fixed. From pitching to analytics to athleticism, here’s how

I surveyed a handful of national voices to see how they’d tinker with one of the most broken franchises in Major League Baseball. Whether it’s adding Chaim Bloom or diving deeper into analytics, when it comes to the Rockies’ mess along 20th and Blake, we’re all singing from pretty much the same hymnal.

Additional reading:
Opinion: What Rockies fans have to say about the franchise: “We don’t enjoy our team losing”

The Denver Post asked Rockies fans for their views on the state of the team and attending games at Coors Field. Here is a sample of those opinions.

Rockies’ road to 100: The omens, injuries and ugly defeats that led to Colorado’s worst season in franchise history

The 2023 Colorado Rockies are officially infamous. The Rockies lost 100 games for the first time in franchise history. The milestone loss was the exclamation point on Colorado’s season-long blueprint for failure — one that featured a dearth of both pitching and experience.

Rockies fans survey: What are your thoughts about attending games at Coors Field?

With a fifth consecutive losing season clinched, The Denver Post sought input from fans for their views about attending Rockies games at Coors Field. Here are the results of the poll.

Previous coverage:
Blake Street Bombers: Rockies “need to bully” teams at Coors Field
Rockies Journal: German Marquez’s contract a win-win — if right-hander produces
Keeler: If Stan Kroenke gave Dick Monfort $3 billion to get away from Rockies, it would be Denver’s best sports swap since John Elway in ’83.
Rockies Journal: Would Colorado’s first 100-loss season matter?

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

The latest Rockies news: Sign up for Breaking Rockies News email alerts.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Denver Post.

Originally Published: September 28, 2023 at 10:30 AM MDT
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
2023
September
28
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2023/09/28/rockie-way-inside-colorado-rockies-mediocre-mlb-baseball/ 
 ----- 
