Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Los Angeles Dodgers
Julio Urias doesn't show up for court: The course of his career could change in MLB

The reason why the Mexican pitcher did not go before the judge for alleged domestic violence has been revealed

Julio Urias.AP
ISRAEL M. ZUNIGA
ADAPTED BY SAM
Actualizado 28/09/2023 - 15:40 CDT
ISRAEL M. ZUNIGA
ADAPTED BY SAM
Actualizado 28/09/2023 - 15:40 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. MLB insider only sees two teams in Shohei Ohtani's immediate
MLB. Braves superstar becomes 1st ever with 40-homer, 70-steal season

The day came when Julio Urias was scheduled to appear in court in Los Angeles to give his statements for alleged domestic violence.

However, the Mexican pitcher did not show up, which could change the course of his career with the Dodgers and Major League Baseball.

Julio Urías ignores question from the press with his girlfriend Daisy Perez

Julio Urías ignores question from the press with his girlfriend Daisy Perez

"There is no formal accusation against him, therefore, the case has not been filed in court", journalist Ricardo Lopez Juarez of La Opinion reported as the reason behind Urias' decision not to attend court.

Julio Urias only faces an accusation of violence against a woman by witnesses and not by the alleged victim.

How does this decision affect his MLB career?

It should be remembered that Julio Urias was placed on the 'administrative leave' list by the Los Angeles Dodgers since last September 6, and until further notice.

This MLB decision came after the 27-year-old pitcher was arrested outside BMO Stadium after an LAFC game, where he allegedly assaulted his partner.

After a few hours and posting bail on charges of "causing bodily injury to his partner", Julio Urias was released from jail; however, no further details of the case were released.

MORE in MARCA
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca
Travis Kelce...
Marca

Thus, in the absence of a 'formal accusation' by the alleged victim, Julio Urias was not required to appear before a judge.

At the moment, neither the Los Angeles authorities nor the Mexican pitcher have made a statement, and it is unknown what the next step to be followed will be.

Los Angeles Dodgers - English
MLB - English
Julio Urias - English
Los Angeles DodgersJulio Urias drifts further away from Dodgers and MLB: Alleged victim bloodied after incident
Los Angeles DodgersJulio Urias disappears from the Dodgers' mural and is replaced by Austin Barnes and Will Smith
Los Angeles DodgersJulio Urias receives another career-threatening setback from Mexico
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Kate Middleton couldn't forgive...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/los-angeles-dodgers/2023/09/28/6515dd14ca474198408b457d.html 
 ----- 
