Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
MLS
News
Schedule
Scores
Standings
US Open Cup
Inter Miami loses US Open Cup final, as helpless Messi watches from stands

The Houston Dynamo, led by Hector Herrera, defeated the reigning Leagues Cup champions (2-1) at DRV PNK Stadium

The Houston Dynamo are US Open Cup Final champions. Messi (right) was ruled out due to injury.LAPRESSE
LAPRESSE
27/09/2023 - 22:12 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
US Open Cup. Messi teammate Jordi Alba wore 'incredibly expensive' white designer t-shirt at US Open Cup final
US Open Cup. Messi not even on Inter Miami bench: star will watch US Open Cup final from stands

Lionel Messi couldn't play, and the Houston Dynamo took full advantage to win a trophy on his home field.

Griffin Dorsey and Amine Bassi scored first-half goals and Houston - with NBA star James Harden, part of the team's ownership group, looking on from the stands - topped Messi-less Inter Miami2-1 on Wednesday night to win the U.S. Open Cup.

Josef Martinez scored in second-half stoppage time for Inter Miami, but it wasn't enough as Messi could only look on from the team bench area.

Messi was not on Inter Miami's active roster for the match because of a leg issue, marking his fourth absence in a span of his last five games combined for club and country. And it's unclear if Messi will continue to be sidelined when Inter Miami resumes its push to make Major League Soccer's playoffs this weekend.

The seven-time Ballon d'Or winner was subbed out of a match against Toronto on Sept. 20 in the first half because of a leg issue, and did not play in the team's 1-1 draw at Orlando on Sunday. That was the third match he missed in its entirety - two for club, one for country - in the last two weeks, and missing a final on Wednesday suggests the problem could be worse than the team has suggested.

Also out for Wednesday: Jordi Alba, another of Inter Miami's celebrated midseason acquisitions. Alba has a leg injury and his status for upcoming matches is unknown.

Messi's injury kept him from playing the US Open Cup Final

The 36-year-old Messi missed Argentina's World Cup qualifying win at Bolivia on Sept. 12 and Inter Miami's 5-2 loss at Atlanta United on Sept. 16. He returned for the Sept. 20 match, but didn't even make it to halftime, then sat out Sunday.

There were downpours in the Fort Lauderdale area late Wednesday afternoon, yet thousands of fans - many of them wearing Messi jerseys either in the blue and white of Argentina or the pink of Inter Miami - showed up long before the gates opened for the Cup final, if for no other reason than to watch the team buses arrive.

They might have seen the buses. They didn't see Messi on the field, and it might have led to some expensive disappointment for some fans. Ticket prices on the secondary markets, with links to sales posted on the team's social media channels as recently as Tuesday, ranged from $145 to nearly $4,000 about an hour before the match.

That was down slightly from Tuesday, but still was a clear sign that people were spending big money with hopes of seeing Messi lift another trophy - and on his new home field for the first time. Inter Miami won the Leagues Cup this summer, that title-match win coming on the road in Nashville.

Houston celebrates its second US Open Cup victory

Houston won the U.S. Open Cup for the second time, after also taking the title in 2018. The tournament dates back to 1913 and pits domestic teams - some even from the semi-pro level - from all sorts of U.S. leagues against one another. This year's field was 99 teams.

Inter Miami is still very much alive in the race to make MLS' playoffs and has three matches looming in the coming days. The team plays host to New York City FC on Saturday, at Chicago on Oct. 4 and returns home to face Cincinnati on Oct. 7. It trails NYCFC by five points for the final Eastern Conference playoff spot entering Wednesday, with two matches in hand - but that still makes Saturday's game very important in the standings.

MORE in MARCA
Taylor Swift...
Marca
Prince Harry...
Marca

Inter Miami coach Gerardo "Tata" Martino indicated earlier this week that no decision had been made on Messi's availability for those upcoming MLS matches, and that all discussions on that topic would take place after Wednesday.

Messi - who will make somewhere between $125 million and $150 million for Inter Miami over the life of his 2-1/2 year contract - has appeared in 12 matches for Miami, most of them in Leagues Cup and U.S. Open Cup competition. He has 11 goals and eight assists, and one goal and two assists in four MLS matches.

Lionel Messi - English
MLS - English
Houston Dynamo - English
MLS - Major League SoccerMessi's injury: the truth about the medical results that went viral
MLS - Major League SoccerJames Harden celebrated Houston Dynamo's thrashing of Messi-less Inter Miami
Inter MiamiMessi goes for the ultimate career record
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/mls/2023/09/28/6514eefd46163f2c878b4590.html 
 ----- 
