Sections
Show Search

LIVE COVERAGE

Increasing winds bring potential for ‘explosive fire growth’ across L.A. County this week
ANGELS
Zach Neto’s two-run home run helps Angels end seven-game losing streak
The Angels’ Zach Neto connects for a two-run home run during the fifth inning against the Detroit Tigers on Thursday. (Carlos Osorio / Associated Press)
Associated Press
Aug. 29, 2024 Updated 1:39 PM PT
Share

DETROIT —  Zach Neto homered, rookie Jack Kochanowicz pitched six scoreless innings, and the Angels ended a seven-game losing streak with a 3-0 win over the Detroit Tigers on Thursday.

“Jack is holding up his end of the deal and we’re making plays behind him,” Neto said.

The Angels had lost 12 of 14 and were 1-8 going into the last game of their trip. Detroit, which had won six straight, left 10 runners on base.

“We had a lot of opportunities, especially late, but we didn’t string at-bats together,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said.

Kochanowicz (2-3) was spectacular in his sixth major-league start, giving up five hits in six innings. He struck out four without walking a batter.

ANGELS

Angels’ skid reaches seven with another loss to Tigers
Aug. 28, 2024

“I’m so proud of this kid, because his first two outings in July weren’t nice, but the last four have gotten the job done,” Angels manager Ron Washington said. “He’s learning how to use his sinker and what part of the plate he needs to put it.”

Three Angels relievers finished, with Ben Joyce getting the final four outs for his third save.

Tigers starter Keider Montero (4-6) gave up three runs on five hits and three walks in five innings.

The Angels took a 1-0 lead on Mickey Moniak’s double in the fourth, but he was thrown out trying for third. Neto made it 3-0 in the fifth with a two-run homer, his 20th of the season. He is the first Angels infielder with a 20-homer, 20-steal season.

“It means the world — I dreamed about this as a kid, and now I’ve done it,” he said. “It’s been a grind for the last few days, but I was finally able to put a good swing on a ball and get it out of the park.”

Neto came into the game in a three-for-26 (.115) slump since hitting his 19th homer.

“He saw a pitch and reacted to it,” Washington said. “I’m very happy for him, and now, instead of chasing a number, we can chase some more wins.”

Detroit had runners on the corners with one out in the sixth, but Kochanowicz got Jace Jung to hit into a 4-6-3 double play.

Tigers reliever Joey Wentz had a tough seventh, getting hit by two hard comebackers in a span of three pitches. With two out, Mike Stefanic hit a 95-mph hopper up the middle that bounced off Wentz’s pitching wrist for an infield single.

Wentz stayed in the game after throwing some warmup pitches, but Ward then hit a 96-mph grounder off Wentz’s shin that knocked him to the ground. Dillon Dingler fielded the carom and got the out at first — a 1-2-3 putout — and Wentz was able to walk off the field after more attention from the Tigers’ training staff. Will Vest replaced him for the eighth.

ANGELS

Shaikin: Caden Dana is the Angels’ top prospect. So when will they call him up?
July 13, 2024

The Tigers got runners on the corners again with two out in the seventh, but Roansy Contreras got Dingler to ground into a force at second.

Detroit then loaded the bases with two out against José Quijada in the eighth, but Joyce came out of the bullpen to strike out Spencer Torkelson.

Up next

The Angels return home for a three-game series with the Seattle Mariners. Left-hander Samuel Aldegheri will make his major-league debut in Friday’s opener against right-hander George Kirby (9-10, 3.48). Aldegheri would be the first pitcher born and raised in Italy to play in the majors.

The Angels also called up right-hander Caden Dana, the team’s top prospect, and he will make his debut Sunday against the Mariners.

More to Read
Angels’ Zach Neto undergoes surgery, could miss start of 2025 season
Nov. 8, 2024
Angels’ season ends with shutout loss to the Rangers
Sept. 29, 2024
Angels’ four-run rally in ninth inning just enough to beat the Astros
Sept. 22, 2024
ANGELS
More From the Los Angeles Times

SPORTS

Have Padres, Diamondbacks given up trying to keep pace with Dodgers? They’ve stood pat so far
Dec. 13, 2024

DODGERS

Modesto Nuts moving to San Bernardino, turning Inland Empire into California League mecca
Dec. 12, 2024

SPORTS

Dave Parker, Dick Allen are elected to baseball’s Hall of Fame
Dec. 8, 2024

SPORTS

Shohei Ohtani to recoup $325,000 in baseball cards. Ex-interpreter still owes him $16 million
Dec. 3, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
First, they lost their home insurance. Then, L.A. fires consumed their homes
The architecturally significant houses destroyed in L.A.’s fires
Latest Angels
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Want to buy spring training tickets for the Dodgers? They won’t be cheap
Nov. 18, 2024
Rays stadium drama and potential relocation could upend MLB’s expansion plans
Nov. 16, 2024
How to watch the Angels and Dodgers next year amid MLB’s uncertain TV future
Nov. 15, 2024
Infielder Kevin Newman agrees to one-year, $2.75-million deal with Angels
Nov. 14, 2024

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/angels/story/2024-08-29/angels-tigers-zach-neto-losing-streak-ends 
 ----- 
