Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
LOS ANGELES
News
Weather
Sports
Videos
KCAL News Shows
45°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Greene and Carpenter homers help power the Tigers past Angels 6-2 for 5th straight win

August 27, 2024 / 9:31 PM PDT / AP

Riley Greene and Kerry Carpenter homered in a three-run sixth inning and the Detroit Tigers extended their winning streak to five games with a 6-2 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night.

The Angels, last place in the AL West at 54-78, have lost six straight and 12 of their last 14 games.

The start of the game was delayed 2 hours, 45 minutes by heavy storms and the first pitch wasn't thrown until 9:45 p.m. But the Tigers didn't have any trouble with the late start.

"This was late, but we wanted to get it in so we didn't have to play two tomorrow," Greene said. "I have a lot of caffeine in the body right now."

Brant Hurter (2-1) picked up his second MLB win in his first start, allowing two runs on four hits in five innings. Jason Foley got the final out for his 18th save.

Johnny Cueto (0-2) took the loss in his second start of the season. The 38-year-old right-hander allowed six runs on six hits — including three homers — in five-plus innings.

The Angels took a 1-0 lead in the first. Taylor Ward opened the game with a double, took third on a fly ball and scored on Nolan Schanuel's infield single.

Cueto retired the first nine hitters before Parker Meadows hit a deep fly to left-center field that dropped between Ward and Kevin Pillar for a triple. Matt Vierling doubled with one out, tying the score, and took third on Jo Adell's error.

"The triple didn't even get to the warning track — that's just a miscommunication on our part," Angels manager Ron Washington said. "You have to make those plays, especially when you have the lead."

Kerry Carpenter took advantage of another defensive mistake as his bouncer went past Zach Neto for an RBI single, making it 2-1 Tigers.

Adell tripled in the fifth and scored the tying run on Ward's sacrifice fly. But, Jake Rogers homered to center in the bottom of the inning.

"(Cueto) is a great pitcher and he got us early, but we knew we would get something to hit," Rogers said.

Greene made it 4-2 with a long homer, his 19th, to center in the sixth, and Carpenter added his 13th homer of the season, a two-run shot, later in the inning.

"I thought Johnny did a pretty good job of controlling them into the fifth, but it got away from him a little," Washington said. "But Rogers hit a bomb, he left a sinker up to Greene and then Carpenter got him."

TRAINER'S ROOM

The Angels placed LHP Matt Moore on the 15-day injured list with a left forearm strain and selected the contract of RHP Ryan Miller from Triple-A Salt Lake City. To make room for Miller on the 40-man roster, the Angels moved OF Mike Trout to the 60-day injured list.

UP NEXT

The teams play the second game of the series on Wednesday. The Angels will start RHP Griffin Canning (4-11, 5.18 ERA) in the second game of the series on Wednesday. Detroit will use an opener.

More from CBS News
NBA postpones Lakers-Spurs, Clippers-Hornets games on Saturday because of wildfires
Zelenskyy offers firefighting help from Ukraine for Los Angeles-area wildfires
24 dead in Palisades and Eaton fires as Los Angeles braces for more high winds, red flag weather
Disney commits $15 million to help Los Angeles area rebuild from destructive wildfires
In: MLB Sports Detroit Tigers Los Angeles Angels

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
CBS 2
Contests & Promotions
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KCBS-TV
Public File for KCAL-TV
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/losangeles/news/riley-greene-and-kerry-carpenter-hrs-help-power-the-tigers-past-angels-6-2-for-5th-straight-win/ 
 ----- 
