Register
Sign in
International Edition
Podcasts
Newsletters
Follow us
Alerts
Video
Arab Showcase
Weekend
NEWS
UAE
Gulf
MENA
US
UK
Europe
Asia
BUSINESS
Aviation
Economy
Energy
Money
Property
Banking
Markets
OPINION
Comment
Editorial
Obituaries
Cartoon
Feedback
FUTURE
Science
Space
Technology
CLIMATE
Environment
Road To Net Zero
HEALTH
CULTURE
Art & Design
Books
Film & TV
Music & On-Stage
Pop Culture
LIFESTYLE
Travel
Fashion & Beauty
Food
Motoring
Luxury
Home & Garden
Wellbeing
Things To Do
SPORT
Football
Cricket
Olympics
F1
Tennis
Combat Sports
Horse Racing

Sport

Cricket

Najibullah Zadran blasts Afghanistan to win over Bangladesh in Asia Cup 2022
Mohammad Nabi's side are first team to qualify for Super 4 after seven-wicket victory in Sharjah
The National

August 30, 2022

Afghanistan became the first team to qualify for the Super 4 round of the Asia Cup after securing a seven-wicket win over Bangladesh at Sharjah Cricket Stadium.

Chasing 128 for victory, Afghanistan were in trouble at 62-3 when Najibullah Zadran (43) joined Ibrahim Zadran (42) at the wicket for an unbeaten stand of 69 as they won with nine balls to spare in the Group B match.

READ MORE

'It was way beyond time that we set this up’ – How Sharjah helped create Asia Cup

Spinners Mujeeb Ur Rahman and Rashid Khan took three wickets each to set up the victory as Afghanistan restricted their opponents to 127-7 after Bangladesh elected to bat first.

Afghanistan registered their second straight victory to become the first of the six teams to reach the next phase of the competition.

“Everyone knows Rashid and Mujeeb are world-class spinners, that’s why we were in the game in the first 10 overs,” Afghanistan captain Mohammad Nabi said.

“Everyone knows we have power hitters in the death and that’s why we made sure not to lose early wickets, so that our power hitters could finish the game.”

Afghanistan lost Rahmanullah Gurbaz for 11 when skipper Shakib Al Hasan, playing his 100th T20 international, had the opener stumped with his left-arm spin.

Mosaddek Hossain dismissed Hazratullah Zazai lbw for 23 as Afghanistan seemed to lose control of their chase with runs hard to come by.

Nabi departed in the 13th over and the Bangladesh supporters, who clearly outnumbered the Afghans, raised the roof.

But the left-handed Najibullah timed the chase to perfection as he finished with six sixes and one four in his 17-ball blitz.

The innings put Ibrahim's knock in the shade as he could only manage four fours in his more sedate 41-ball effort.

Earlier, off-spinner Mujeeb mopped up the top three batters, including the key wicket of Bangladesh captain Shakib Al Hasan, inside the batting power play to finish with 3-16 before Rashid (3-22) rushed through the middle-order with his sharp googlies.

Mosaddek Hossain top scored with 48 not out off 31 balls which featured the only lucky six of the innings. Azmatullah Omarzai did catch out Mosaddek but touched the boundary cushion with his boot before relaying the ball into the hands of Rashid.

“It was always tough when you lose four wickets in the first seven to eight overs,” Shakib said. “I thought the bowlers bowled exceptionally well to get us back into the game, [but] we know that Najibullah is a dangerous player.

“On a wicket like this we thought we had the game, but credit to how they batted.”

Group A table-toppers India, who defeated Pakistan on Sunday, face qualifiers Hong Kong on Wednesday in Dubai.

Updated: August 30, 2022, 6:50 PM
Our site uses cookies
We use cookies for basic website functionality, personalisation and to help us analyse how our site is used. By accepting, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change your cookie preferences by clicking the cookie preferences button or by visiting ourCookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenationalnews.com/sport/cricket/2022/08/30/najibullah-zadran-blasts-afghanistan-to-win-over-bangladesh-in-asia-cup-2022/ 
 ----- 
