Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Sports
Opinions
Records
Island Life
Classifieds
Special Publications
Hot Deal$
Site search
Toggle navigation
Jones goes with local talent for Dashing Eagles in Nations League matches
By BILL KISER Daily News Sports Editor Sep 4, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Terrence “Terry” Jones Sr. hasn’t had much time to work with the U.S. Virgin Islands’ senior men’s national soccer team since he was named the team’s new head coach just over a month ago.

Yet the former USVI international and current Rovers Soccer Club head coach has a game plan in mind for the Dashing Eagles heading into their first round of matches in the 2024-2025 CONCACAF Nations League tournament.

“We’re going to try to win both games,” Jones said in an exclusive interview with The Daily News on Tuesday morning. “That’s our intention. We’re not going there just to play, we’re going there to try to win the two games. We’ve prepared for the Bahamas, and we’ll see how we do [today].”

The USVI National Team — playing in League C’s Group A — will open against the Bahamas today at the Bethlehem Soccer Complex on St. Croix. Six days later, the Dashing Eagles will take on Barbados, also at the Bethlehem Complex. Both matches begin at 4 p.m. Atlantic.

The British Virgin Islands’ senior men’s national team is also playing in League C, but in Group C. The Nature Boyz will begin group play today as well, facing the Cayman Islands at the Truman Bodden Sports Complex in George Town, Cayman Islands. On Tuesday, Sept. 10, the BVI will play St. Kitts and Nevis, also at the Bodden Sports Complex.

Each team has four matches during the 2024 Nations League windows — two in September, and two in October — before moving into elimination rounds in November.

In a change from past years, each group will play their matches at a central site, instead of traveling for home-and-away series with each team. The sites for the October matches have yet to be determined.

The 56-year-old Jones, who appeared in 12 matches with the USVI National Team between 2000-2008, was brought on to coach the Dashing Eagles on July 29. He replaced Gilberto “Giba” Damiano, who had worked with the national team since 2019 and was head coach since 2020. Damiano has since moved on to become an assistant coach for the Houston Dash of the National Women’s Soccer League.

While Damiano had a measured approach in developing the USVI National Team, calling on players from clubs (both college and pros) on the U.S. mainland and even internationally, it didn’t lead to much success on the field.

In his nearly five years coaching the team, Damiano had just a 1-3-12 record in both Nations League and World Cup qualifying matches — the lone win came against the Turks and Caicos Islands in a Nations League match on June 6, 2022, at the Bethlehem Complex.

However, Jones has taken a different approach towards selecting players for this Nations League match window.

Several players will college or pro experience are returning, such as defender Jett Blaschka (formerly with Manchester 62 of the Gilbraltar Football League) and goalkeeper Dylan Ramos (with Gold Star FC of the third-tier National Independent Soccer League).

But the majority will have experience with the USVI’s Premier League, a nine-team local league with clubs on both St. Croix and St. Thomas — an approach that mirrors most of the other national teams across the Caribbean.

“The new ones are all local players,” Jones said. “We’re working to get more of the local players back into the fold. We’re using players from both St. Thomas and St. Croix.

“We’ve got to give them the opportunity to see what it’s like [at the international level]. We have guys from here who went off to the states, but we also have guys that are here. We’ve got to give them the opportunity also.”

There’s some solid thinking behind Jones’ approach in going with more of the local talent for the Dashing Eagles — they’ve all either played with or against each other in Premier League matches, which began its season in mid-May, and are coming into the Nations League matches in “game shape.”

“That’s the approach we need to take,” Jones said. “I believe that the people who live here are as skillful as the players who live outside [the territory], and what they lack in skill, they give you in fight. They’ll fight for the V.I.

“They have a different kind of hunger. They weren’t given the opportunity before; they were bypassed, overlooked. Now they get the opportunity to show what they can do.”

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
×
2 remaining of 3

Welcome! We hope that you enjoy our free content.

bkiser
Author twitter
 
Author email
 Follow bkiser
Around The Web
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Bariatrician Stunned: Forget Ozempic, This "Fixes" Your Hanging Belly! Try It!
Right Wing Health
The Bra Designed by The 60-year-old Grandma Are Taking Nevada by Storm!
Libiyi
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy!
Right Wing Health
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check Zip Code)
Otto Quotes
Site search
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinions
For the Record
Island Life
Multimedia
Online Features
Services
About_us
Subscription Services
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Business Directory
Email Alerts
Search
Contact Information
virginislandsdailynews.com
9155 Estate Thomas
St. Thomas, VI 00802
Phone: 340-774-8772
Email: online@dailynews.vi

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
© Copyright 2024 virginislandsdailynews.com 9155 Estate Thomas, St. Thomas, VI  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.virginislandsdailynews.com/sports/jones-goes-with-local-talent-for-dashing-eagles-in-nations-league-matches/article_69ec57d6-6a3e-11ef-a234-5b82658e47c6.html 
 ----- 
