MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
LaVine, Vucevic key fourth-quarter rally as Bulls defeat Grizzlies 126-123
Updated Oct. 28, 2024 10:40 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Zach LaVine scored 30 points, including 11 in the fourth quarter to key a Chicago comeback as the Bulls defeated the Memphis Grizzlies 126-123 on Monday night.

Nikola Vucevic finished with 22 points for the Bulls. Coby White scored 20 and Josh Giddey finished with 12 points, eight assists and 13 rebounds, including a key offensive rebound in the final seconds.

Desmond Bane led Memphis with 30 points, making 11 of 19 shots, including 6 of 10 from 3-point range. Jaren Jackson Jr. had 19 points, while Jake LaRavia finished with 17 points, and Scotty Pippen Jr. had 14 points and 10 assists.

The Bulls led 126-123 after Giddy split a pair of free throws with 8.9 seconds left. Memphis had the last shot, but Bane's 3-point attempt was off the mark.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Bulls: Chicago used a fourth-quarter rush starting with about nine minutes left. After trailing by as many as 20, Chicago was able to overtake Memphis outscoring the Grizzlies 33-23 in the fourth quarter.

Grizzlies: Memphis continues to squander leads in the third quarter. At one point in the period, the Grizzlies held a 15-point lead. But as they had in previous games, they gave up a big run to let the Bulls back into the game.

Key moment

The Bulls were trailing 106-98 when LaVine and Vucevic returned to the floor with about nine minutes left. That started Chicago's comeback. The Bulls would outscore Memphis 22-6 over the next four minutes, capped by a 3-pointer by LaVine. That was enough for Chicago to hold on for the victory.

Travel Oregon This Winter
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
CEO says this is worth 23 Nvidias
Will This Make the World's First Trillionaire?
Motley Fool|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Key stat

Both teams have had trouble early in the season holding onto the ball. But the Bulls committed only nine turnovers, and Memphis had 10.

Up next

Chicago entertains Orlando on Wednesday. Memphis plays at home against the Nets on Wednesday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Chicago Bulls
National Basketball Association
Scotty Pippen
Jake LaRavia
Jaren Jackson Jr.
Desmond Bane
Josh Giddey
Coby White
Nikola Vucevic
Zach LaVine
Chicago Bulls
Memphis Grizzlies
NBA - Chicago Bulls vs. Memphis Grizzlies - 10/29/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/lavine-vucevic-key-fourthquarter-rally-as-bulls-defeat-grizzlies-126123 
 ----- 
