Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SUBSCRIBER
Guardians, St. Louis Cardinals starting lineups for Sept. 22, 2024: Game Game 157
Updated: Sep. 22, 2024, 3:15 p.m.|Published: Sep. 22, 2024, 12:23 p.m.

Guardians right-hander Gavin Williams starts against the Cardinals on Sunday.John Kuntz, cleveland.com

By Paul Hoynes, cleveland.com

CLEVELAND, 0hio -- The Guardians celebrated their 12th AL Central Division championship on Saturday night. They backed into it with a 6-5 loss to the Cardinals thanks to Kansas City’s 9-0 loss to San Francisco. But as manager Stephen Vogt said in the midst of the celebration, “They earned this.”

MORE GUARDIANS COVERAGE
Cleveland Guardians tried to give Cuyahoga Council free tickets. Ohio Ethics Commission said no
Guardians reach 1-year deal with Lane Thomas to avoid arbitration
Comparing Cade Smith and Emmanuel Clase to MLB’s elite relievers (Podcast)

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/guardians/2024/09/guardians-st-louis-cardinals-starting-lineups-for-sept-22-2024-game-game-157.html 
 ----- 
