English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: England vs Sri Lanka - Who will win ODI between England and Sri Lanka?

ODI World Cup 2023: England vs Sri Lanka - Who will win ODI between England and Sri Lanka?
Sri Lanka, despite having a disappointing World Cup so far, come into this game after winning their first game against the Netherlands.

ABHISHEK SANDIKAR
Author

Updated - 25 Oct 2023 07:53 AM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details


Date: October 26, 2023

Time:  2:00 pm IST 

Venue: M.Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bengaluru

Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary: SportsTiger App

Match Preview:


A struggling England team will hope to get their second win in the ICC ODI World Cup 2023 as they take on Sri Lanka. Entering this fixture, the Three Lions suffered their biggest ODI loss as South Africa registered a 229-run win. Whereas the Sri Lankans, despite having a disappointing World Cup so far, come into this game after winning their first game against the Netherlands. 

Pitch Report:


The M.Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru has produced incredible batting tracks with an average score of 266. The batters tend to score a lot of runs and capitalize across the game. At the same time, fast bowlers can come into play early in both innings with a new ball while spinners can pick up wickets if the ball starts gripping. 

Team Analysis:

England

The Jos Buttler led England team is currently placed at the bottom of the table with just one win. The English batting, the team’s biggest strength, has failed to perform with no batter seeming in any sort of form. Similarly, the bowling has continued its dismissal performance and struggled to cope up with the Indian conditions.

SportsTiger Playing XI of England


Jonny Bairstow, Dawid Malan, Joe Root, Ben Stokes, Harry Brook, Jos Buttler (c & wk), David Willey, Adil Rashid, Gus Atkinson, Mark Wood, Sam Curran

Sri Lanka

Talking about the Sri Lankan team, the Island has had a forgettable tournament with one win after three back-to-back losses. The Lankans have shown flashes of brilliance but the lack of performances have cost them results. The batting has had a few great performances but has lacked consistency. But the bowling has severely lacked control and failed to pick up wickets at regular intervals.

SportsTiger Playing XI of Sri Lanka


Pathum Nissanka, Kusal Perera, Kusal Mendis (c & wk), Sadeera Samarawickrama, Charith Asalanka, Dhananjaya de Silva, Chamika Karunaratne, Dunith Wellalage, Maheesh Theekshana, Lahiru Kumara, Dilshan Madushanka

Match Prediction:


 


Conclusion:

England has a better chance to win this fixture and defeat Sri Lanka to register their second win in the ICC ODI World Cup 2023.

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

ICC ODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-england-vs-sri-lanka-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-england-and-sri-lanka-eng-vs-sl-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
