 Back to the Washington Wizards Newsfeed
The Numbers Crunch: Wizards play “now you see it, now you don’t defense.” Against the Chicago Bulls, it’s mostly you don’t.
Bullets Forever | January 11, 2025

Related Topics: Chicago Bulls, Jordan Poole, Justin Champagnie

I’m old enough to remember when the Wizards had a stretch of games where they were playing better. Their record during the span was 4-7, and I wrote about their improved defense. At the time, I wondered if that defensive improvement was just a lucky downturn in opponent three-point shooting. In the five games since? Opponent three-point shooting has rocketed to 40.3%. Call it an unlucky upturn in opponent three-point shooting.

Last night, the Chicago Bulls bombed away, hitting 23-49 (46.9%). This is the Bulls game — they take the second most threes (behind the Boston Celtics) and they entered the game ninth in three-point percentage.

See full article at Bullets Forever


by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
Empty Cruises Departing From Nevada That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Cruise Travel | Top Searcher Now
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse
Top Urologists Reveal the Root Cause of ED (See now)
Vigor Force
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternati...
Historical Strategy Game
Nevada: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw Puzzle?
Puzzloom
CHATSPORTS
HOME TEAMS
MLB
NBA
NCAA
NFL
NHL
SOCCER
OTHER
Teams:
Users:
LOG IN
© Chat Sports, Inc. 2024
About Us
Mobile
Writers
Archive
Original Content
Topic Search
Chat Sports On Youtube
Cowboys Report by Chat Sports
Raiders Report by Chat Sports
Jobs
Terms
Privacy
Contact Us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chatsports.com/washington-wizards/a/source/the-numbers-crunch-wizards-play-now-you-see-it-now-you-dont-defense-against-the-chicago-bulls-its-mostly-you-dont-18090347 
 ----- 
