 
This article was first published 3 years ago

Home » Cricket » First Look: South Africa's de Kock takes the knee!

First Look: South Africa's de Kock takes the knee!

October 30, 2021 15:58 IST

By Rediff Cricket

IMAGE: Quinton de Kock of South Africa takes the knee ahead of the T20 World Cup match against Sri Lanka at Sharjah Cricket Stadium in Sharjah, on Saturday. Photograph: Alex Davidson/Getty Images

Opener Quinton de Kock took a knee in support of the Black Lives Matter movement as he returned to South Africa's playing XI for their Super 12 match at the T20 World Cup against Sri Lanka in Sharjah on Saturday.

Scorecard

De Kock had pulled out the match against West Indies on Tuesday after refusing to take the knee.

 

The controversy had erupted hours before South Africa's game against West Indies after Cricket South Africa (CSA) issued a sudden directive that all the players must take the knee before every match of the ongoing tournament.

However, the wicketkeeper-batsman later apologised for his actions, adding that his change of heart came after the players had a meeting with the CSA board on Wednesday evening.

De Kock, who has revealed he has mixed race family, said he meant no disrespect and "would love nothing more than to play cricket for my country again" in a statement released via CSA on Thursday.

"I understand the importance of standing against racism, and I also understand the responsibility of us as players to set an example," De Kock said.

"If me taking a knee helps to educate others, and makes the lives of others better, I am more than happy to do so.

"I did not, in any way, mean to disrespect anyone. I'm deeply sorry for all the hurt, confusion and anger that I have caused."

Get Rediff News in your Inbox:
email
Rediff Cricket

More News Coverage

Quinton de KockCSASouth AfricaT20Sri Lanka
RELATED STORIES
T20 World Cup: De Kock apologises for BLM snub
De Kock skips T20 WC game after SA asked to take knee
We'll be there for de Kock, says SA skipper Bavuma
Dom's Take: Let's STAND UP For Shami!
'Online attack on Shami shocking; we stand by him'
WEB STORIES

Kapil Dev: 10 Fascinating Facts

Calling iPhone Lovers: 5 iPhones Coming In 2025

5 Things You Need To Know About HMPV

VIDEOS
4:45
Passengers laud world-class Namo Bharat, Call it 'far...
7:27
'Shades of Zaheer Khan', Tendulkar highly amazed by the...
MOST POPULAR
Did India Mismanage Bumrah's Workload?
Former all-rounder Dhawan retires from domestic...
Masood, Babar launch Pakistan fightback vs South...
'I Was Just Getting Bumrah'd'
Australia debacle exposes India's Bumrah...
FOR YOU
'Speechless': Webster hails 'dream debut' in SCG...
© 2025 Rediff.com - Feedback - About us - Advertise with us

NEWS

BUSINESS

MOVIES

CRICKET

SPORTS

GET AHEAD
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rediff.com/cricket/report/t20-world-cup-south-africas-de-kock-takes-the-knee/20211030.htm 
 ----- 
