Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Final days of our appeal
Make a year-end gift now to fund our journalism
Support us
Sign in
US
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Newsletters
Download the app
Search jobs
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Inside the Guardian
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
View image in fullscreen
Equatorial Guinea’s Emilio Nsue scored twice to add to his hat-trick against Guinea-Bissau, leaving the hosts Ivory Coast on the brink of an early exit. Photograph: Issouf Sanogo/AFP/Getty Images
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
 This article is more than 11 months old
Afcon roundup: hosts Ivory Coast near exit after Equatorial Guinea’s shock win
This article is more than 11 months old
Ghana also face elimination after collapse against Mozambique
Mohamed Salah watches Egypt scrape through to last 16
Agencies
Mon 22 Jan 2024 18.54 EST
Share

The Africa Cup of Nations hosts Ivory Coast are on the brink of a humiliating exit from their own tournament after a shock 4-0 defeat by Equatorial Guinea.

Two more goals from Equatorial Guinea’s Emilio Nsue, the hat-trick hero from the win against Guinea-Bissau, and strikes from Pablo Ganet and Jannick Buyla left Ivory Coast with only a slim chance of qualifying after finishing third in Group A.

Guinea make plea to supporters after deaths during celebrations
Read more

Three points means they are unlikely to be one of the four third-placed teams to get through – they face an agonising wait until the final group-stage games on Wednesday.

Equatorial Guinea were confirmed as the surprise group winners ahead of the three-time champions Nigeria, who beat Guinea-Bissau 1-0. The Super Eagles went ahead on 36 minutes through Opa Sanganté’s own goal but were unable to capitalise on a series of good chances to extend their lead, with Victor Osimhen going close multiple times.

“It’s a nightmare we have lived through,” said the Ivory Coast coach Jean-Louis Gasset. “I didn’t feel any tension among my players at the start of the match, it was in line with our plan, to try to dominate them, set the pace and open the score. We were surprised on the counter-attack. In football, efficiency is essential, and the opponent gave us a lesson in realism.”

Ivory Coast dominated the first-half chances but were rusty in front of goal with Nicolas Pépé having the best effort before a solitary attack at the other end saw Nsue grab a simple finish in the 42nd minute to put the underdogs ahead at the break.

View image in fullscreen
Nigeria’s Moses Simon (centre) is congratulated for his whipped cross that Opa Sanganté turned into his own goal. Photograph: Franck Fife/AFP/Getty Images

Ibrahim Sangaré and Jean-Philippe Krasso did have the ball in the net for Ivory Coast but both efforts were marginally offside. The tide then turned firmly in favour of Equatorial Guinea as they set about wrapping up a barely believable win. A brilliant free-kick from Ganet extended their lead in the 73rd minute and two minutes later a breakaway allowed Nsue to make it 3-0. Ivory Coast’s humiliation was completed as the substitute Buyla’s scuffed effort made it 4-0 for the heaviest defeat ever suffered by an Africa Cup of Nations host.

Ghana are also set to miss out on the last 16 after conceding twice in stoppage time to draw 2-2 with Mozambique, while Egypt scraped through despite being held to draw by Cape Verde in Group B.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to Football Daily

Free daily newsletter

Kick off your evenings with the Guardian's take on the world of football

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Jordan Ayew scored a pair of penalties which looked to have sent Ghana through, but a thrilling finale began with Geny Catamo pulling one back from the spot before Reinildo Mandava equalised at the death. The two dropped points mean Egypt pipped Ghana to second place in Group B, despite also conceding a last-gasp leveller to draw with Cape Verde, and Chris Hughton’s side are highly unlikely to qualify as one of the best third-placed teams.

Mohamed Salah was in the stands to watch Egypt scrape into the last 16 with a breathless 2-2 draw. The forward stayed on to watch his countrymen in their crucial final Group B match before flying back to Liverpool for treatment on a muscle injury. He would have feared the worst when the Pharaohs were left staring at an early exit after falling behind to a goal from Gilson Tavares for the surprise group winners. But the substitute Trézéguet hauled them level and Mostafa Mohamed fired them ahead at the start of stoppage time.

The Blue Sharks then rocked Egypt by equalising through Bryan Teixeira, but Ghana being pegged back by Mozambique meant the Pharaohs clung on to second place.

Explore more on these topics
Africa Cup of Nations 2023
Ivory Coast football team
Equatorial Guinea
Nigeria football team
Africa Cup of Nations
news
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Live scores
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Competitions
Clubs
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
About us
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Guardian Labs
Search jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/football/2024/jan/22/afcon-roundup-hosts-ivory-coast-near-exit-equatorial-guinea-shock-win-nigeria-guinea-bissau 
 ----- 
