By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept
Aa
Home
International
Africa
Politics
News
Sports
Entertainment
Lifestyle
Business
Health
More
Independent News Express > Blog > Sports > Lagos Govt Splashes Cash At Winners Of Predict And Win At LAGOSISAGOAL AFCON Viewing Centres
SPORTS
Lagos Govt Splashes Cash At Winners Of Predict And Win At LAGOSISAGOAL AFCON Viewing Centres
Last updated: 2024/01/19 at 9:13 AM
12 months ago
Share
SHARE

Apart from the series of vibes rolling out from the different 20 designated AFCON viewing centres across the state for all the 52 live matches in the Republic of Coted d’Ivoire, predict and win session is another icing on the cake for all lovers of soccer.

In an interesting encounter between the Super Eagles of Nigeria and the host the Elephants of Ivory Coast Thursday evening, viewers were given the avenue to predict correctly the outcome of the clash.

It is another segment of the LASGOS-ISSAGOAL for the football fans and Lagos football lovers to give their views on the outcome of any football match at the 34th African biennial football showpiece ongoing in Ivory Coast; first half score line, first team to receive a yellow card, first team to score, and final score at the end of the match.

- Advertisement -

Winners at the Mobolaji Johnson Sports Centre Rowe Park, Yaba, viewing centre are Onasanya Michael, Oseni Abdul-Bashir, Madubuike Smart, and Qudus Opeyemi.

Meanwhile, Oyebanji Deborah, Agbobiado Isiaka and and Alabi Ibrahim Gbolahan were the winners of the predict and win session at the Mushin viewing centre. Renner Benjamin,Julius Jackson Obus and Friday Alute, also got their predictions right at the Teslim Balogun Stadium Surulere, viewing centre.

And those that got it correctly at other viewing centres were handed dummy cheques worth of 50,000 and 20,000 each.

Nigeria triumphed against Ivory Coast in their second group A game following a one nil courtesy of the Super Eagles captain William Troost Ekong via the spot kick.

Super Eagles (Winners of 2013 edition) vying for their fourth AFCON title are adrift the Equatorial Guinea on the log with goal difference while their last group meeting is against the Guinea Bissau on Monday, 22nd January, 2024.

You Might Also Like
 Ward H Team Win Inaugural Mainland Unity Cup In Lagos
 NFSC Storms Trinity House Church To Seek Prayers For Super Eagles World Cup Ticket
 Henry Nwosu Cup: What Will The Winner Get In Prize Money?
 Manchester United Faces Crucial Festive Test At Newcastle
 How Fulham Broken 45 Years Jinx At Chelsea
TAGGED:
LAGOSISAGOAL AFCON Viewing Centres
Share This Article
Facebook
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
PHOTOS: Exciting Moments At LAGOSISAGOAL Viewing Centres During Nigeria vs CIV Cracker
NEXT ARTICLE
Nigerian Chess Star, Tunde Onakoya Plays With 10 Opponents At The Same Time In Germany, Beats All

Independent News Express (iNews Express), a publication of 4Ds Nigeria Limited, is birthed out of the desires of the founding fathers to report News as it is.

We value Professionalism, Excellence, Service, Creativity and Integrity.

The Company
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy & Policy
Quick Links
Advertise with us
Newsletters
Deal
Categories
Find Us on Socials
© Independent News Express. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://inewsexpress.com/lagos-govt-splashes-cash-at-winners-of-predict-and-win-at-lagosisagoal-afcon-viewing-centres/ 
 ----- 
