Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
TELEVISION NEWS
Guardians vs. Tigers Game 3 LIVE STREAM (10/9/24): How to watch MLB Playoffs without cable today
Updated: Oct. 09, 2024, 11:12 a.m.|Published: Oct. 09, 2024, 11:08 a.m.

Detroit Tigers' Trey Sweeney (27) and Jake Rogers wait at home plate for teammate Kerry Carpenter (30) after Carpenter hit a three-run home run in the ninth inning during Game 2 of baseball's AL Division Series against the Cleveland Guardians, Monday, Oct. 7, 2024, in Cleveland. (AP Photo/David Dermer)AP Photo/David Dermer

By Ben Axelson | baxelson@syracuse.com

The Detroit Tigers host the Cleveland Guardians for Game 3 of the 2024 MLB Playoffs American League Divisional Series on Wednesday, October 9 (10/9/2024) at Comerica Park in Detroit, Michigan.

Fans can watch the game with a free trial of DirecTV Stream.

Here’s what you need to know:

What: MLB ALDS, Game 3

Who: Guardians @ Tigers

When: Wednesday, Oct. 9, 2024

Time: 3:08 p.m. ET

Where: Comerica Park, Detroit, Michigan

TV: TBS

Channel finder: DirecTV, Verizon Fios, Cox, Xfinity, Spectrum, Optimum

Live stream: DirecTV Stream (free trial), Sling (half off first month), Hulu + Live TV (free trial)

Read our full 2024 MLB Playoffs guide for more schedules, series predictions and information about how to watch and stream the entire postseason.

NEW USERS
FOOTBALL OFFER
Bet $5, Get $200 in Bonus Bets
Claim Now
T&C’s apply.
How to claim
21+ and physically present in NY. For help with a gambling problem call 1-877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369).

Here’s a recent Tigers story by The Associated Press:

CLEVELAND (AP) — Kerry Carpenter took one swing and floored baseball’s preeminent closer.

Carpenter connected for a three-run homer off Cleveland’s Emmanuel Clase with two outs and two strikes in the ninth inning, sending the Detroit Tigers to a dramatic 3-0 win over the Guardians i n Game 2 on Monday night to even the AL Division Series at one game each.

After Jake Rogers and Trey Sweeney singled off the usually unhittable Clase, Carpenter drove a 2-2 pitch from the right-hander 423 feet into the right-field seats.

It was another one of those October moments that can define a player, and the fact he did it off Clase wasn’t lost on Carpenter.

“It is special because I don’t know how many runs or home runs he’s given up this year,” Carpenter said. “It’s pretty fun to be a part of this and to do it off of him is special, because he’s literally the best closer in the game.”

Carpenter became the first player to hit a two-out, two-strike homer in the ninth inning since Kirk Gibson’s memorable shot off Dennis Eckersley in Game 1 of the 1988 World Series.

He was the third Detroit player to hit a go-ahead homer in the ninth inning or later in the playoffs, joining Magglio Ordóñez (2006) and Hall of Famer Al Kaline (1972).

As Carpenter rounded the bases, his helmet flew off between first and second base. When he came around third, he slapped hands with coach Joey Cora before getting to the plate and extending both arms above his head in celebration.

From there it was one hug and high-five after another in Detroit’s rocking dugout.

It was just the third homer allowed this season by Clase, who led the AL with 47 saves. The right-hander gave up just five earned runs in 74 games all season.

“We’re talking about one of the greatest seasons of all time,” Guardians catcher Austin Hedges said. “Guys don’t even get on base against him.”

But after Rogers and Sweeney did their part, Carpenter, known by his teammates as “Kerry Bonds,” got a pitch he could drive and didn’t miss.

Tigers manager A.J. Hinch was more than happy that Carpenter was next in line for Detroit.

“Obviously, Kerry we want him up to bat as often as we can in those moments,” said Hinch, who had Carpenter pinch-hit in the eighth. “He can change the scoreboard. He can change the game. He does it time after time.”

Carpenter was one of several Tigers players who missed time with injuries this season, out from May 26 to Aug. 13 with a lumbar spine stress fracture. He finished with 18 homers in 87 games.

The Guardians and Tigers swapped zeroes as pitchers dominated, Detroit ace Tarik Skubal for seven innings and Cleveland’s Matthew Boyd for 4 2/3 before manager Stephen Vogt turned the game over to his vaunted bullpen — led by Clase.

Carpenter sensed one of the teams was going to break the deadlock.

As his ball sailed toward the stands in Progressive Field, Carpenter went from pinch-hitter to postseason star.

“Somebody was going to get a big hit at some point, either for us or them, and it happened to be us,” he said. “I don’t know if I can describe it, but yeah, I knew it was gone, and it was just an amazing feeling being able to come through for this team.”

WATCH YOUR FAVORITE TEAMS
Syracuse basketball TV schedule 2024-25: Where to watch live streams of Orange basketball
Where to watch MSG Network without cable in 2024
Best WNBA Finals streaming options: How to watch Liberty vs. Lynx, Sabrina Ionescu live for FREE
MLB World Series 2024 results: Dodgers beat Yankees in 5 games, more postseason scores
NFL Slimetime 2024 on Nickelodeon: How to watch season premiere with Nate Burleson for free

What is DirecTV Stream?

DirecTV Stream is a comprehensive internet TV service that offers your favorite entertainment, news and sports channels, as well as local TV stations and regional sports networks. It’s the only choice for fans who want full access to local, televised sports. DirecTV Choice includes 125+ channels, unlimited DVR storage and thousands of on-demand titles.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About Us
Photo and Page Reprints
Advertise with us
Jobs at Advance Media New York
Contact Us
Newspaper Archives
Frequently Asked Questions
Accessibility Statement
Submit letter, commentary
Subscriptions
syracuse.com
syracuse.com Orange Sports Insider
The Post-Standard
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
syracuse.com Sections
News
Weather
Business
Sports
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Living
Opinion
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Mobile
Tablet Apps
iPhone, Android apps
More on syracuse.com
Videos
Sitemap
Sponsor Content
Archives
Sell your car
Post a job
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Follow Us
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.syracuse.com/tv/2024/10/guardians-vs-tigers-game-3-live-stream-10924-how-to-watch-mlb-playoffs-without-cable-today.html 
 ----- 
