Skip to content
Latest News
HOME
FOOTBALL
BASEBALL
BASKETBALL
HOCKEY
BEST BETS/FUTURES
PARLAYS
PLAYER PROPS
MORE
Vincent Pensabene
October 7, 2024
3:19 am

Game 2 of the ALDS is getting underway in the Bronx on Tuesday evening as the Kansas City Royals and the New York Yankees square off. The Yankees were able to win Game 1 of this best-of-five series on Saturday 6-5 and the five lead changes was a playoff record.

The Royals are going to send young lefty Cole Ragans (11-9, 3.14 ERA in 2024) to the mound while the Yankees are countering with veteran southpaw Carlos Rodon (16-9, 3.96 ERA in 2024) in this game. Can the Kansas City Royals split the first two games before heading to Kauffman Stadium or can the New York Yankees take full control of the series with a win here?

Kansas City Royals vs. New York Yankees Odds
Team	Spread	Total	Money Line
Kansas City Royals	+1.5 (-160)	Over 7.5 (-115)	+130
New York Yankees	-1.5 (+125)	Under 7.5 (-105)	-150
**Odds Subject to Change**
Kansas City Royals vs. New York Yankees Match Details
Fixture: Kansas City Royals vs. New York Yankees
Date and Time: Tuesday, October 7 at 7:38 pm ET
Location: Yankee Stadium in Bronx, NY
Key Stats
Kansas City Royals
Apr 21, 2024; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; Kansas City Royals shortstop Bobby Witt Jr. (7) throws to first base during the fourth inning against the Baltimore Orioles at Kauffman Stadium. Mandatory Credit: William Purnell-USA TODAY Sports

The Kansas City Royals were able to keep Game 1 of the ALDS close but ultimately lost 6-5 on the road to the New York Yankees. The lineup was able to do well as they finished 9-of-35 with three walks and seven strikeouts. MJ Melendez was able to hit a two-run home run in the fourth inning to regain the lead. Kansas City went 2-for-4 with runners in scoring position and left seven men on base. Michael Wacha pitched decently as he went four innings and gave up three runs on four hits with three walks and three strikeouts in a no-decision.

Cole Ragans (11-9, 3.14 ERA in 2024) will be pitching this game for the Kansas City Royals and has done well in his young career. He had a career-high 15 home runs allowed but it is not concerning when seeing he pitched 186.1 innings of work. Ragans was stellar in the AL Wild Card Series against the Baltimore Orioles as he won by throwing six shutout innings, giving up just four hits with zero walks and eight strikeouts.

New York Yankees

The New York Yankees were able to start the ALDS on the right foot as they won 6-5. The batting order went 9-for-33 in the game with eight walks and 11 strikeouts. Gleyber Torres hit a two-run home run in the third inning to give the Bronx Bombers a lead while Jazz Chisholm Jr. stole a base. The Yankees did not hit well with runners in scoring position as they were just 2-for-13 in those at-bats. Gerrit Cole labored as he went five innings and allowed four runs (three earned) on seven hits with a pair of walks and four strikeouts while not factoring into the decision.

Southpaw Carlos Rodon (16-9, 3.96 ERA in 2024) will take the ball for the New York Yankees and he really stepped up this season on the bump. He had a great walk-to-strikeout ratio of 57:195 this year and hitters had a .235 batting average against him in the regular season. Rodon has faced the Royals twice this season and went 1-0 in 13.0 innings and allowed five runs (three earned) on 10 hits with one hit by pitch, one walk, and 12 strikeouts.

Prediction

When looking at how the Yankees played against left-handed pitchers, they have been awful. However, they are 8-3 in their last 11 games against southpaws. The Yankees could not hit well with runners in scoring position and still recorded six runs so they should hit better. The one thing they do is control the strike zone and force pitchers to throw strikes, as evident by their two bases-loaded walks in Game 1.

Expect the Yankees bullpen to set things up for them to hold onto a lead and expect the New York Yankees to win by multiple runs.

Final Pick
New York Yankees -1.5 (+125)


 

For More Great Content

Craving top-tier content that covers it all? From electrifying sports highlights and insider entertainment news to expert gaming tips to sharp betting advice, we’ve got you covered. Dive into our curated articles to stay ahead of the game with the latest sports action, uncover the hottest trends in entertainment, and get the lowdown on gaming strategies that could level up your play. Plus, our betting advice will sharpen your edge and boost your chances of winning big. Whether you’re looking to stay updated or gain a competitive edge, our content is your go-to source for all things exciting and relevant. Don’t miss out – explore now and power up your knowledge! Follow us on Twitter/X @TotalApexSports, to stay informed.

Vincent Pensabene
My Posts
Share this post
Prev
PREVIOUS
Detroit Tigers vs. Cleveland Guardians Preview, Prediction, & Odds | ALDS Game 2
NEXT
Philadelphia Phillies @ New York Mets Preview, Prediction, and Odds | MLB NLDS Game 3 October 8th, 2024
Next
More stories from Total Apex Sports Bets
Washington Commanders @ Tampa Bay Buccaneers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wild Card 2024
January 9, 2025  No Comments
Read More »
Green Bay Packers @ Philadelphia Eagles Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
January 9, 2025  No Comments
Read More »
Denver Broncos @ Buffalo Bills Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
January 8, 2025  No Comments
Read More »
Stay Connected
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Pinterest
Search
Search
Site Archives
Categories
Select Category
Best Bets/Futures  (31)
Boxing  (2)
College Baseball  (1)
College Basketball  (110)
Golf  (7)
Misc  (19)
MLB  (249)
More Baseball  (1)
More Basketball  (5)
More Football  (28)
More Hockey  (1)
Motor Sports  (1)
NBA  (455)
NCAA  (178)
NFL  (191)
NHL  (68)
Parlays  (29)
Player Props  (6)
Soccer  (75)
Tennis  (16)
UFC  (24)
Uncategorized  (45)
WNBA  (19)
Total Apex, Total Coverage!
Total Apex Gaming
Total Apex Entertainment
Total Apex Sports
Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Total Apex Herald
Recent Posts
Washington Commanders @ Tampa Bay Buccaneers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wild Card 2024
Green Bay Packers @ Philadelphia Eagles Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
Denver Broncos @ Buffalo Bills Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
Pittsburgh Steelers @ Baltimore Ravens Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
Los Angeles Chargers @ Houston Texans Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard Round 2024
Total Apex Gaming
Sports
Entertainment
Fantasy Sports
Sports Bets
Herald
 is the only destination you'll need for all of your daily content.
Contact Us

Name
(Required)
First
Last
Email
(Required)
Enter Email
Confirm Email
What's on your mind?
(Required)
Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.
CAPTCHA
Join the Total Apex Team!

Thank you for your interest in joining our team as a content writer! We are excited to find talented and passionate individuals who can contribute high-quality content to our company covering a variety of themes, including news, sports, entertainment, gaming, fantasy sports, and sports bets.

As a writer for our company, you will have the opportunity to share your expertise and insights with a broad audience, engage with readers, and contribute to our vibrant community. We value creativity, attention to detail, and a deep understanding of the subjects you write about.

To help us get to know you better, please complete the following application. We look forward to learning more about your background, skills, and interests, and how you can contribute to our team. Thank you for taking the time to apply!

Click to Apply
© 2024 Total Apex Sports Bets
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://totalapexsportsbets.com/kansas-city-royals-new-york-yankees-betting-alds-game-2/ 
 ----- 
