Skip to content
Latest News
HOME
FOOTBALL
BASEBALL
BASKETBALL
HOCKEY
BEST BETS/FUTURES
PARLAYS
PLAYER PROPS
MORE
Courtney Tressler
October 6, 2024
3:17 pm

The Boston Bruins will take on Atlantic Division rivals Florida Panthers. The Bruins have had their past two seasons ended by the Florida Panthers. In the 2022-23 season, the Boston Bruins were the best team in NHL history breaking all records in points and wins. The Panthers came in as a wild card team and beat the Bruins in Game 7 and the Panthers moved on further into the playoffs.

The following 2023-2024 season the Florida Panthers took the Atlantic Division and beat the Boston Bruins in the second round of the playoffs. The Boston Bruins have not been fond of the Panthers over the past few seasons. This game will be dirty and gritty between these two teams.

Boston Bruins vs. Florida Panthers Odds
Team	Spread	Total	Money Line
Boston Bruins	+1.5

(-184)

	O5.5	+136

 


Florida Panthers	-1.5

(+165)

	U5.5	-150
**Odds Subject to Change**
Boston Bruins vs. Florida Panthers Match Details
Fixture: Boston Bruins vs. Florida Panthers
Date and Time: October 8th, 2024, 7:00pm ET
Location: Sunrise, FL
Key Stats
Sep 30, 2024; Sunrise, Florida, USA; Florida Panthers center Sam Reinhart (13) celebrates a goal against the Tampa Bay Lightning during the third period at Amerant Bank Arena. Mandatory Credit: Jim Rassol-Imagn Images
Boston Bruins

Forward David Pastrnak was the leading scorer in points for the Bruin last season. Pastrnak had 47 goals and 110 points. Forward Brad Marchand was the second leader in scoring and points for the Bruins last season. Marchand had 29 goals and 38 assists for a total of 67 points. The Bruins were 7th in the NHL in the face-off circle at 49.5% of winning the face-off. The Bruins’s goals against were 2.70. The Boston Bruins last season had a successful powerplay at 14th in the NHL.

Florida Panthers

Forward Sam Reinhart was dominant for the Florida Panthers last season and second in the NHL in goals behind Toronto Maple Leafs forward Austin Matthews. Reinhart had 57 goals and 94 points. Forward Matthew Tkachuk was the second leader in points and assists last season for the Panthers.

Tkachuk had 26 goals, 62 assists, and 88 points through 80 games last season.  The Panthers were 51.3% in winning the face-off last season ranking 6th in the NHL in the face-off circle. The Florida Panthers ranked 1st in the NHL in goals against with 2.41.

Prediction

The Florida Panthers are coming off a Stanley Cup championship victory from last season and will be ready again to defend their title this season. Head Coach Paul Maurice has assured that the Panthers are by no means suffering “fatigue” from winning the Stanley Cup back in June. The Panthers will be running off high emotions by raising the Stanley Cup banner at home in this home opener.

The Florida Panthers are favored in this matchup with the MoneyLine at -150. The Florida Panthers have had a successful training camp and preseason as well as adding new faces to the lineup for the fourth line. Expect the Panthers to come out with speed and physicality against the Bruins. However, not saying it will be a walk in the park with facing the Boston Bruins in the first game but it will be energetic and exciting.

Final Pick
Florida Panthers (-150)
For More Great Content

Craving top-tier content that covers it all? From electrifying sports highlights and insider entertainment news to expert gaming tips to sharp betting advice, we’ve got you covered. Dive into our curated articles to stay ahead of the game with the latest sports action, uncover the hottest trends in entertainment, and get the lowdown on gaming strategies that could level up your play. Plus, our betting advice will sharpen your edge and boost your chances of winning big. Whether you’re looking to stay updated or gain a competitive edge, our content is your go-to source for all things exciting and relevant. Don’t miss out – explore now and power up your knowledge! Follow us on Twitter/X @TotalApexSports, to stay informed.

Courtney Tressler
Sports Journalist for @TotalApexSports covers all NFL, NHL, NBA, MLB and WNBA sports. Master's Degree in Sports and Health Science. Follow me on X @courtneyjd29 for all fantasy sports and sports bets.
My Posts
Share this post
Prev
PREVIOUS
New York Jets @ Minnesota Vikings Preview, Prediction, and Odds | NFL Week 5, 2024
NEXT
Detroit Tigers vs. Cleveland Guardians Preview, Prediction, & Odds | ALDS Game 2
Next
More stories from Total Apex Sports Bets
Washington Commanders @ Tampa Bay Buccaneers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wild Card 2024
January 9, 2025  No Comments
Read More »
Green Bay Packers @ Philadelphia Eagles Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
January 9, 2025  No Comments
Read More »
Denver Broncos @ Buffalo Bills Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
January 8, 2025  No Comments
Read More »
Stay Connected
Facebook
 
Youtube
 
Twitter
 
Linkedin
 
Instagram
 
Pinterest
Search
Search
Site Archives
Categories
Select Category
Best Bets/Futures  (31)
Boxing  (2)
College Baseball  (1)
College Basketball  (110)
Golf  (7)
Misc  (19)
MLB  (249)
More Baseball  (1)
More Basketball  (5)
More Football  (28)
More Hockey  (1)
Motor Sports  (1)
NBA  (455)
NCAA  (178)
NFL  (191)
NHL  (68)
Parlays  (29)
Player Props  (6)
Soccer  (75)
Tennis  (16)
UFC  (24)
Uncategorized  (45)
WNBA  (19)
Total Apex, Total Coverage!
Total Apex Gaming
Total Apex Entertainment
Total Apex Sports
Total Apex Fantasy Sports
Total Apex Herald
Recent Posts
Washington Commanders @ Tampa Bay Buccaneers Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wild Card 2024
Green Bay Packers @ Philadelphia Eagles Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
Denver Broncos @ Buffalo Bills Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
Pittsburgh Steelers @ Baltimore Ravens Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard 2024
Los Angeles Chargers @ Houston Texans Preview, Prediction, & Odds | NFL Wildcard Round 2024
Total Apex Gaming
Sports
Entertainment
Fantasy Sports
Sports Bets
Herald
 is the only destination you'll need for all of your daily content.
Contact Us

Name
(Required)
First
Last
Email
(Required)
Enter Email
Confirm Email
What's on your mind?
(Required)
Please let us know what's on your mind. Have a question for us? Ask away.
CAPTCHA
Join the Total Apex Team!

Thank you for your interest in joining our team as a content writer! We are excited to find talented and passionate individuals who can contribute high-quality content to our company covering a variety of themes, including news, sports, entertainment, gaming, fantasy sports, and sports bets.

As a writer for our company, you will have the opportunity to share your expertise and insights with a broad audience, engage with readers, and contribute to our vibrant community. We value creativity, attention to detail, and a deep understanding of the subjects you write about.

To help us get to know you better, please complete the following application. We look forward to learning more about your background, skills, and interests, and how you can contribute to our team. Thank you for taking the time to apply!

Click to Apply
© 2024 Total Apex Sports Bets
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms of Use
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://totalapexsportsbets.com/florida-panthers-october-8th-2024/ 
 ----- 
