NEWSLETTERS
NFL News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Power Rankings
Denny Medley-Imagn Images
Taylor Swift arrives at Arrowhead Stadium for Chiefs vs. Saints MNF game
Originally posted on 5 GOATs  |  By Brian Jones  |  Last updated Oct 7, 2024 10:08 PM ET

Taylor Swift is ready for some football as she is in Kansas City to see the Chiefs take on the New Orleans Saints in the Week 5 Monday Night Football game. The music superstar, who is dating Chiefs tight end Travis Kelce, was spotted walking into the stadium wearing a dress with black boots.

This is the third time this season Swift has attended a Chiefs game. The 34-year-old attended the first two home games of the year but has missed the Chiefs’ two road games.

On Saturday, Kelce was asked Swift’s whereabouts while attending his Eighty-Seven and Running Foundation’s Kelce Car Jam 2024. “She will not be here right now,” Kelce said of Swift’s whereabouts, per PEOPLE. ”I know she’s coming in for the game.”

Swift will be attending her 16th NFL game. She even attended the Super Bowl in February to see the Chiefs defeat the San Francisco 49ers in an overtime thriller. Swift has some free time before she travels to multiple cities for her Eras Tour. She will be in Miami on Oct. 18 and will then hit New Orleans, Indianapolis and Canada before wrapping the tour in Vancouver on Dec. 8.

Travis Kelce explained why he started to ‘really fall’ for Taylor Swift

Back in June, Travis Kelce appeared on the Bussin’ With the Boys podcast and explained why he fell for Taylor Swift. “She’s very self-aware but at the same time it’s like…she understands situations like that,” Kelce said of Swift, per Vanity Fair. “And I think that’s why I really started to really fall for her because of how genuine she is around friends, family. It can get crazy for somebody with that much attention and she just keeps it so chill and so cool, and I can admire it for sure.”

Kelce also talked about the added attention he’s received for dating Swift. “It’s like, you want to keep things private but at the same time, I’m not here to hide anything,” he. “That’s my girl. That’s my lady. I’m proud of that. So I’m not sitting here trying to juggle how can I keep this under wraps. You just don’t want to let everybody into your personal life and be able to comment on it, knowing that everything she does is getting a headline.”

This article first appeared on 5 GOATs and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Greatest NFL Draft need for all NFC teams
Could Lions' Ben Johnson reject Bears for this AFC club?
The '2024-25 NFL touchdown leaders' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…
NFL
Report: Chicago Bears make odd request of Ben Johnson
NFL
Do Jets players want Aaron Rodgers back for 2025 season?
NFL
Brian Flores to accept every interview request, but he's interested in…

Brian Flores‘ first head-coaching opportunity came with the Dolphins and lasted three seasons. Since his dismissal in 2021, his oft-discussed NFL experience has resulted in several interviews but no HC gigs as of yet. The 2025 cycle marks the next time in which that could change. When speaking about his situation on Tuesday, Flores made his intentions clear with respect to the upcoming interview process. The Vikings defensive coordinator said he will meet with every team that submits an interview request. The Bears and Jets have done so, and he just received another request; in the wake of the Raiders’ decision to fire Antonio Pierce, there are now six head-coaching vacancies around the league. “It’s an honor, certainly, that I definitely don’t take that lightly,” Flores said about head-coaching interviews, via ESPN’s Kevin Seifert. “I look forward to having those conversations and talking to people about my football journey, my leadership journey.” As his racial discrimination lawsuit against the NFL and several teams continues to work its way through court, Flores again finds himself in a position to speak with suitors for a second HC opportunity. The 43-year-old worked on the Steelers staff in 2022 before taking his current position at the helm of Minnesota’s defense. The unit ranked fifth in points allowed this year while leading the league in interceptions and finishing fifth in sacks. That success has yielded continued interest in the 2025 cycle, but Flores declined to say if he feels his upcoming interviews are set up merely to satisfy the Rooney Rule. In any case, at least one of the vacancies Flores has not yet been connected to has his attention. The former Patriots staffer indicated he is interested in New England’s vacancy, one which opened on Sunday with Jerod Mayo‘s firing. The former Patriots linebacker was dismissed after one year in charge, and another ex-player (Mike Vrabel) is seen as the top candidate to replace him. Flores joined New England’s staff as a scouting assistant in 2004, and his tenure with the organization included working on special teams and defense through the 2018 season. “I mean, we’re talking about going home where it all started,” Flores said when asked about potentially interviewing with the Patriots. “So I think that’s a place that’s definitely a special place… So I would say yes [to speaking with the team]. But at the same time, it’s not up to me as to whether or not they would want to talk to me or anything like that.” Flores’ Dolphins tenure began with a 5-11 season, and it was followed by 10-6 and 9-8 campaigns. His handling of many Miami players — including quarterback Tua Tagovailoa — has been a frequent talking point, along with clashes with general manager Chris Grier. A fresh start remains his goal, though, and it will be interesting to see if the current hiring cycle produces a long list of suitors.

NFL
Falcons GM makes surprising Kirk Cousins admission
The greatest weakness for every NFL team heading into the 2025 draft
NFL
Rams lose offensive piece ahead of…
NFL
Bears Predicted to Flip $110M Playmaker for Top-5 Pick in NFL Draft
NHL
Report: New York Rangers have rejected a trade from the…
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NHL
Major announcement on the Coyotes' return as Quebec Nordiques…
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NFL
Reporter downplays bombshell Bill…
College Football
No. 1 running back in transfer portal commits to college football…
NHL
Vancouver Canucks goalie Thatcher Demko breaks silence on…

Vancouver Canucks goaltender Thatcher Demko returned as the backup after missing two games due to injury. But in conversation with Sportsnet's Ian McIntyre, Demko says after such a long process rehabbing the knee injury that kept him out until early December, dealing with the back spasms that pushed him out recently feels like nothing. Demko's season so far, even beyond injuries, has been up to the high standard he has set for himself, but the 29-year-old says he expected some rust. He says coming back from such a serious injury is new territory for him, but he's confident that he's going to find his A-game again. "This is something I haven't really done before. It's a new path, a new challenge, I think. In some ways it's difficult to kind of put into words... It feels like all the pieces are there. I'm ready to kind of get back to how I was last year. I don't have a doubt that I'll be able to do that." Demko is 2-1-3 with an .881 save percentage since returning from injury in December, last season he posted a .918 save percentage. Thatcher Demko downplays rift Speaking to McIntyre, Demko also addressed the noise around the Canucks and more specifically, Elias Pettersson and J.T Miller. Trade rumors continue to swirl, and five teams could make a move for Pettersson. Although, the price could be quite high. The goaltender said he wanted to "tread lightly" but that he considered the issues to be less about what is supposedly happening in the Canucks dressing room, and more about the fact that the team is underachieving. "People probably wouldn't be talking about all the — quote, unquote — issues in the room if we were winning. So really, it's a winning and losing issue, not an issue of what's going on in the room." If that's the case, Demko getting his game back to where it was last season would go a long way to quieting the chatter.

Lifestyle
Beauty school: 20 colleges with gorgeous campuses
NHL
Former LA Kings Forward Bad Mouths Team After Being…
NHL
Oilers GM Stan Bowman Addresses Team Response to…
NHL
A wild rumor has surrounded Colorado Avalanche forward…

Mikko Rantanen is front and center in the media for all the wrong reasons, as a wild rumor has circulated online that is involving him right in the middle of it. Colorado Avalanche forward Mikko Rantanen leads the pack of several NHL stars playing this season on expiring contracts. He's in the final season of his six-year, $55.5 million contract with a $9.25 million AAV and is due for a substantial salary bump. Since the start of 2024-25, it's been speculated that he could fetch up to $14 million annually. The Avalanche have the cap space to accommodate that, but some fans and pundits don't believe he merits earning more than Nathan MacKinnon, who has an AAV of $12.6 million. With the March 7 trade deadline slowly approaching, speculation is building on whether the Avalanche will take a gamble and attempt to re-sign Mikko Rantanen in the summer. Given the gamble they'll take potentially losing him as an unsigned UFA on July 1, they won't get any compensation. Earlier this month, TVA Sports' Renaud Lavoie added fuel to the fire by ranking Rantanen 20th among his list of 25 players who might get traded before the deadline. "If the Avalanche does not consider themselves able to accommodate Rantanen's demands, they could therefore be inclined to get most of his value on the trade market instead of letting him slip away on July 1." - Renaud Lavoie Although he is extension-eligible as of July 1, Rantanen has said he won't negotiate his contract until after the season. The Colorado front office might just have a fairly hard decision on their hands come March. Trading Rantanen would send shockwaves throughout the NHL. The superstar forward already has 24 goals and 58 points in 41 games this season. The Avalanche do hold the first Wild Card spot in the West, but if their postseason hopes begin to dwindle, that blockbuster trade featuring Rantanen could very well come to fruition.

NHL
We just learned what the Canadiens must give up to acquire…
The 35 best (and biggest) new country artists of the 2010s
NFL Quiz
The '2024-25 NFL passing touchdown…
NHL
Two Frontrunners Emerge to Acquire Nick Robertson via Trade…
NHL
Latest update on Patrik Laine, and an interesting scene live…
College Football
Notre Dame dealing with flu outbreak ahead of Orange Bowl
College Football
Colorado HC Deion Sanders would take an NFL job under one…
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NFL Quiz
The '2024-25 NFL touchdown leaders' quiz
MLB
Insider addresses wild Pete Alonso contract request report amid…
NFL
Three-time Pro Bowl CB retires after 12 NFL seasons

Justin Bethel‘s playing days have come to an end. The veteran corner/special teams ace announced his retirement via Instagram on Wednesday. “23 years. 12 years pro,” Bethel wrote. “That’s how long I’ve played the game of football! Been blessed more than I can imagine. Met a lot of great people thanks to football and been to a lot of cool places. But my greatest years are ahead of me.” Bethel entered the league as a sixth-round pick of the Cardinals in 2012. He played all 16 games in his rookie year but hardly saw the field on defense. With respect to special teams, though, his 70% snap share showcased his immediate contributions. It was in the third phase that Bethel would go on to make his most notable impact in the NFL. That included three consecutive Pro Bowl nods from 2013-15. Following a six-year run in Arizona (including the 2017 campaign, in which he logged his heaviest defensive workload), Bethel spent one year with the Falcons. That, in turn, was followed by time with the Ravens, Patriots and Dolphins. He logged a full season in 2023 with Miami but was out of the league this past campaign. Rather than attempting a return for the 2025 season, Bethel has elected to hang up his cleats. In all, the 34-year-old played 200 combined regular and postseason games in the NFL, collecting five interceptions and 282 tackles along the way. Thanks in large part to his first Cardinals extension, Bethel amassed roughly $20M in career earnings.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NFL News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nfl/articles/taylor_swift_arrives_at_arrowhead_stadium_for_chiefs_vs_saints_mnf_game/s1_17236_41018132 
 ----- 
