Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'It's going to sting for a while': Yanks lament lack of World Series execution
Share
'It's going to sting for a while': Yanks lament lack of World Series execution
October 31st, 2024

Do-Hyoung Park

@dohyoungpark
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- Ultimately, the story of the final night of the New York Yankees’ 2024 season -- and, really, a subplot of their year as a whole -- was the number of free outs and free bases they gave away, seemingly, in all phases of the game.

That’s what brought it all crashing down in a nightmare fifth inning of Game 5 of the World Series against the Los Angeles Dodgers on Wednesday night.

The Dodgers got their ring. Who needs one the most in 2025?

And execution is what sealed their fate in the eighth.

For all the bombastic homers that thrilled the Bronx crowd early in the night and the utter chaos of misplays and misfortune that ensued for the Yankees to blow a five-run lead, they were still in position to win the game late, with the contest in the hands of their leverage relievers. And one last time, free bases haunted Tommy Kahnle and Luke Weaver in the 7-6, series-clinching and season-ending loss.

"For it to all crash like that, it's just ... I'll be thinking about this for a long time, I can tell you that,” Kahnle said. “It just sucks that maybe I could have done something differently. That's what's going to be rolling around in my head for a long time. I just feel like there was definitely more we could have done."

Left with bitter taste, five things Yanks need to do to get back here

This wasn’t the mayhem of the killer fifth inning, when two errors and a missed out at first base gave the Dodgers’ lineup a whopping three extra outs to turn the seeming formality of another cross-country flight to the West Coast into one final heavyweight showdown.

But there were, again, the free bases. A walk to No. 8 hitter Will Smith to load the bases, a freak catcher’s interference -- the first in a Fall Classic since Game 3 of the 1982 World Series -- that handed a seemingly compromised Shohei Ohtani a free jog to first base ahead of the Dodgers’ other two all-world MVPs.

Related
Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

53 minutes ago

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

With two sacrifice flies in the inning, advantage turned again to disadvantage, with Los Angeles dealing New York one final, decisive answer.

"You're trying to keep the ball out of the air, but you're facing three of the best hitters in the world,” Weaver said. “You're trying to make sure you're limiting the damage. Sometimes, you don't get on the right end of it, and you just tip your cap to some hitters who executed on fundamental baseball."

That’s it, really: The Dodgers executed when it mattered, and the Yankees didn’t.

With New York nursing a 6-5 lead in the eighth, Kiké Hernández led off against Kahnle with a single, Tommy Edman followed with a grounder to deep short corralled by Anthony Volpe on a dive but still good for an infield single, and Smith took a four-pitch walk to load the bases with none out.

"I really felt like I was clicking pretty good for those first few pitches, and then after that, it just kind of almost snowballed on me,” Kahnle said. “I lost command, and the next thing I know, the inning gets away from us.”

Gavin Lux battled Weaver for six pitches and ended up lifting a two-strike fastball to deep left-center to tie the game. Two pitches later, Mookie Betts put an easy swing on a first-pitch fastball to put the Dodgers on top for good.

“Don’t strike out,” Betts said of his approach at the plate. “Put one in play right there; you never know what’s going to happen. I had a little talk with Freddie [Freeman] right before that because I didn’t know what to do. Freddie just said, ‘Trust your gut,’ so I went up there and just put it in play.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Dodgers clearly got help from that catcher’s interference, too, on the lone pitch between those two sacrifice flies.

Ohtani had been 0-for-4 entering that final plate appearance, and 2-for-19 in the World Series, with his top hand (the extension of the left shoulder that had sustained a subluxation in Game 2) coming off the bat on many of his follow-throughs as he noticeably winced.

But on the first pitch of that battle against Weaver, the head of his bat was ruled to have clipped the mitt of Yankees catcher Austin Wells -- as confirmed by a quick replay review, much to the displeasure and confusion of the 49,263 at Yankee Stadium.

Clearly, the possibility of the first Fall Classic catcher’s interference in 42 years hadn’t even crossed Weaver’s mind -- and had that plate appearance led to a second out in the inning, a sacrifice fly wouldn’t have been good enough from Betts.

"He's obviously got a long swing, so with the changeup kind of running away, it was kind of a perfect storm,” Weaver said. “Wells is trying to be able to stay through the ball, and Shohei is just trying to cover and do a job up there. Sometimes, it's just kind of awkward and weird."

Shohei Ohtani reaches on catcher's interference in Game 5 of the 2024 World Series (AP Photo/Ashley Landis)

Add that to the what-ifs the Yankees will replay in their heads as they digest this through a long offseason.

Ohtani’s trip to first came of an unusual happenstance, perhaps, but it was also fitting on a night when the Yankees un-executed their way out of that brutal fifth inning and also added, of all things, a mound disengagement violation balk, not to mention throwing, fielding and mental errors at critical points in the game.

All those things, in aggregate over two innings, cost them a shot at forcing Game 6 -- and a chance to continue their chase for a title.

"It's going to sting for a while,” Kahnle said. “We're going to look back on it and see that those are the plays that we can clean up, and we're going to move on. It's part of the game. It stings that you see it all the time, and it just happened to happen to us. It sucks. It does, big time."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees

Do-Hyoung Park covers the Twins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-lament-world-series-mistakes-vs-dodgers 
 ----- 
