Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Golden Globes
Jimmy Carter state funeral
Jeff Baena death
Presidential Medal of Freedom
Winter storm
SPORTS
Pacers help Pakistan beat the Netherlands at the Cricket World Cup
1 of 10 |  

Pakistan’s Haris Rauf celebrates the wicket of Netherlands’ captain Scott Edwards during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.)

2 of 10 |  

Pakistan’s Haris Rauf celebrates the dismissal of Netherlands’ Teja Nidamanuru during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)

3 of 10 |  

Pakistan players celebrates the dismissal of Netherlands’ Vikram Singh during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)

4 of 10 |  

Netherlands’ Vikram Singh plays a shot during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.)

5 of 10 |  

Netherlands’ Bas De Leede plays a shot during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)

6 of 10 |  

Pakistan’s Shadab Khan loses his wicket to Netherlands’ Bas De Leede during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.)

7 of 10 |  

Netherlands’ Bas De Leede, center, facing the camera, is congratulated by teammates after taking the wicket of Pakistan’s Mohammad Rizwan during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.)

Read More
8 of 10 |  

Pakistan’s Saud Shakeel plays a shot during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)

9 of 10 |  

Pakistan’s Mohammad Rizwan plays a shot during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Eranga Jayawardena)

10 of 10 |  

Pakistan’s Mohammad Rizwan prays as he celebrates his fifty runs during the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup match between Pakistan and Netherlands in Hyderabad, India, Friday, Oct. 6, 2023. (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A.)

Updated 4:26 PM UTC, October 6, 2023
Share

HYDERABAD, India (AP) — Pakistan overcame a top-order batting hiccup with sharp pace bowling to beat the Netherlands by 81 runs Friday at the Cricket World Cup.

All-rounder Bas de Leede picked up 4-62 with his seam bowling to bowl out Pakistan for 286 with an over to spare – a total which captain Scott Edwards thought was a par total after he had won the toss and elected to chase on a dry wicket.

De Leede then kept the Netherlands in the chase with a knock of 67 off 68 balls before Pakistan struck through express fast bowler Haris Rauf and Shaheen Afridi to bowl out Dutchmen for 205 in 41 overs.

Rauf picked up 3-43, Afridi claimed 1-37 and Hasan Ali bagging 2-37 in his first ODI in more than a year after being recalled for the World Cup when Naseem Shah was ruled out with a shoulder injury.

“Credit to the bowlers, we started well and took wickets in the middle (overs),” Pakistan skipper Babar Azam said. “We lost three wickets while batting, (but) the way Rizwan and Shakeel batted, they took it away.”

Vikramjit Singh made a fighting 52 off 67 balls and combined in a 70-run stand with de Leede as both kept challenging the Pakistan spinners in the middle overs.

RELATED STORIES
Zimbabwe stuns new-look Pakistan in rain-affected 1st ODI
Spinners propel Pakistan to emphatic 57-run win over Zimbabwe in 1st T20
Debutant Bosch impresses with the bat as South Africa edges ahead in 1st test against Pakistan

Legspinner Shadab Khan (1-45), who has had a slump in his bowling form since the Asia Cup, struggled to find his lengths early but broke through when Singh holed out in the deep while going for an unnecessary big shot against the leggy’s short ball.

Rauf then took the sting out of the Netherlands’ chase, claiming the wickets of Teja Nidamanuru and Edwards in the space of three balls. Rauf should have had three wickets off four balls, but Iftikhar Ahmed dropped a regulation catch of Saqib Zulfiqar at the lone slip.

With de Leede running out of partners, the allrounder tried to guide leftarm spinner Mohammad Nawaz and had his off stump knocked back before Logan van Beek made an unbeaten run-a-ball 28 to narrow the margin of defeat.

The Netherlands, which qualified for the World Cup with a dramatic Super Over win over the West Indies, showed little rustiness from their victory three months ago and put Pakistan in trouble at 38-3 inside the batting powerplay.

Out-of-form Fakhar Zaman offered a tame return catch to van Beek and world’s top-ranked ODI batter Babar had an unusual struggle for 18 balls in scoring 5 runs before pulling offspinner Colin Ackermann to short midwicket. Imam-ul-Haq was caught at fine leg when he pulled Paul van Meekeren as the Netherlands kept coming at Pakistan’s top-order batters inside the first 10 overs.

But Saud Shakeel and Mohammad Rizwan, both playing in their first World Cup, scripted Pakistan’s revival with a 120-run partnership as Edwards kept rotating his bowlers without success.

Shakeel used his feet well against the spinners in a composed innings of 68 off 52 balls that featured nine fours and a six. Rizwan made 68 off 75 balls.

“Tried to follow my basics and be positive to score for my team,” Shakeel said after being named Man of the Match in his first World Cup game. “Nerves were there as we’d lost three wickets, (but) I was lucky to get early boundaries. We discussed that the pressure would transfer if we scored, which did happen.”

Both batters departed in the space of four overs with Shakeel top-edging a sweep against Aryan Dutt and Rizwan clean bowled by de Leede.

Nawaz (39) and Shadab (32) played little cameos to lift the total while tailenders Afridi and Rauf also added 19 runs for the last wicket before Ackermann wrapped up Pakistan’s innings.

“It’s a bit disappointing,” Edwards said. “Firstly, we bowled and fielded well. We thought they were par. … De Leede’s innings was awesome, just needed someone to be with him.”

___

AP cricket: https://apnews.com/hub/cricket

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Minnesota man pleads guilty to killing and dismembering 2 women found in different stora ge units
Grab Workout Ready Drink...
YETI
:
Advertisement
Trump appears with Italian Prime Minister Meloni at his...
Mother and son given lengthy prison terms for their roles in the killings of 8 Ohio family...
2 autopsies for Black man found hanging in Alabama prod uce differing conclusions
Soldier who died by suicide in Las Vegas told ex-girlfriend of...
The 37-year-old opened up about not being able to sleep at night and reliving t...
AP News
Biden's decision to block Nippon Steel takeover creates uncerta...
By blocking a Japanese company’s takeover of U.S. Steel, President Joe Bid...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Plus-Size Women Are Ditching Knee Pain Using This
RejuvaKnee | Knee-Pain Relief
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
The Secret Technolog y That Relieved My Chronic Knee Pain 
RejuvaKnee | Knee-Pain Relief
Advertisement:
Read Now
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why do you have a mouse?
Play this game for 1 minute and see why everyone is crazy about it.
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Owl Gloves Is Taking Nevada By Storm
These warm nordic mittens with cute funny owls. As a gift for your loved ones,...
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Sleep Made Simple: LifeMD [Learn More]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
IQ above average? Strategy Game will challenge you
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Indie filmmaker Jeff Baena, Aubrey Plaza's husband, found...
Writer-director Jeff Baena, who was actor and producer Aubrey Plaza's husband, ha...
AP News
Trump's sentencing is set for Jan. 10. Here's what could...
Judge indicated that he’s leaning toward a sentence that would amount to just...
AP News
The Perfect Game for Strategists
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Game
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Atopic Dermatitis Signs Many Wish They Knew Sooner
Atopic Dermatitis | Search Ads
Advertisement:
Learn More
Soldier who blew up Tesla at Trump hotel left note saying...
A highly decorated Army soldier who fatally shot himself just before an explosi...
AP News
Authorities suspect gang membe rs killed 7 workers at a Californ...
Authorities in Southern California are pleading with people to come forward...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
New Needleless Gluco se Monitor: (Take A Look At Prices)
Smart Consumer Insider
Advertisement:
Don't Ignore These Early Signs of Atopic Dermatitis - See Here
Atopic Dermatitis | Search Ads
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smallest and Most Accurate CGM
Dexcom:Advertisement
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
The Multi Pocket Shoulder Bag Is Taking Nevada By Storm
Zekear:Advertisement
Shop Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/cricket-world-cup-netherlands-pakistan-8487fed15c4dab070e398c65c9539a9e 
 ----- 
