BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

SPORTS

Pakistan Vs Afghanistan Live Streaming, Asian Games 2023, Men's Cricket Semi-final: When And Where To Watch PAK Vs AFG Match

Here's all you need to know about the Hangzhou Asian Games, men's cricket semi-final match between Pakistan and Afghanistan -- Preview, teams, PAK vs AFG T20I head-to-head record, TV channels, live streaming platforms, etc.

O
Outlook Sports Desk
Updated on: 4 October 2023 8:27 am
Getting your Trinity Audio player ready...
Afghanistan celebrate after beating Sri Lanka at the Asian Games 2023

Beware Pakistan! Afghanistan are fighting like never before. Asked to bat first on Wednesday in Hangzhou, China, Afghanistan could manage only 116 runs against Sri Lanka in their 2023 Asian Games, men's cricket quarter-final match. But the total proved seven runs more than required to knock defending champions Sri Lanka out of the competition. Thus, Afghanistan have achieved a measure of revenge against Sri Lanka. More on that later! On Friday, they will take on Pakistan in the second semi-final, for a place in the gold medal match. In the first semi-final, India have defeated Bangladesh by nine wickets with 64 balls to spare. (Scorecard | Full Coverage | Cricket World Cup | Cricket News)

Afghanistan, to start with, are the most consistent side in the Asian Games men's cricket history, albeit without winning the gold medal. Cricket became an Asiad medal sport in 2010, and was included in the 2014 programme too. But somehow, it missed the cut for the subsequent edition. In the 19th edition of the continental multi-sporting extravaganza, teams representing some of the world's finest cricketing nations are jostling for a podium finish.

Beat Pakistan on Friday, and Afghanistan will play in the Asian Games cricket final for the third time in succession. Led by 'biceps flexing' Gulbadin Naib, the Afghans will leave no stone unturned to have another crack at the gold medal. Their desire to compete and fight till the last ball was for all to see in the thrilling quarter-final win over Sri Lanka. Only weeks ago, Afghanistan endured a heart-breaking two-run defeat against Sri Lanka in the 2023 Asia Cup. In many ways, the win will also give a new purpose to this young Afghan side who are without established stars like Mohammad Nabi, Rashid Khan, Mujeeb Ur Rahman, etc. due to their other, bigger engagement -- the 2023 ICC Cricket World Cup in India.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
CVS Silent About 87¢ ED meds - Find Out Why
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
Nevada Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if You Live in These Zip Codes
Financebuzz
Learn More
Go The Extra Miles
YETI
Shop Now
New Land Rover Defender Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
SUVs | Top Searcher Now
Learn More

Pakistan, on the other hand, are chasing their maiden final appearance. They claimed bronze in Guangzhou 2010, but a third-place finish did little to assuage the pain of losing to Afghanistan in the semi-finals. After all, Pakistan's cricketing pedigree is second to none. Then, four years later, the PCB -- the country's cricket body -- decided not to send the men's national team to Incheon, South Korea.

This time, in Hangzhou, the Pakistani team led by Qasim Akram will look the exorcise the ghosts of their pasts. By the way, they took some time to find their groove in the quarter-final against Hong Kong, which they eventually won by 68 runs.

Pakistan vs Afghanistan, T20I Head-to-head Record

The two teams have met six times in T20Is with Pakistan leading the head-to-head record 4-2. In the latest meeting, in March 2023, Pakistan beat Afghanistan by 66 runs. That clash, of course, featured the select XIs from either camp.

Pakistan vs Afghanistan, 2023 Asian Games men's cricket semi-final match and how to watch

When is the Pakistan vs Afghanistan, Asian Games 2023, men's cricket semi-final match?

The Pakistan vs Afghanistan, Asian Games 2023, men's cricket semi-final match will be played on October 6, 2023.

What time does the Asian Games 2023, Pakistan vs Afghanistan cricket match start?

The Asian Games 2023, Pakistan vs Afghanistan cricket match will start at 11:30 AM (IST)/02:PM local. The toss will take place half an hour earlier.

Where is the Pakistan vs Afghanistan, Asian Games 2023 cricket match being played?

The Pakistan vs Afghanistan, Asian Games 2023 cricket match is being played at the Zhejiang University of Technology Cricket Field in Hangzhou, China.

How to watch Pakistan vs Afghanistan, 2023 Asian Games, men's cricket semi-final match?

The 2023 Asian Games, men's cricket semi-final match between Pakistan and Afghanistan can be live streamed on the Sony LIV app/website. The match will also be telecast on the Sony Sports Network.

Squads

Afghanistan: Sediqullah Atal, Wafiullah Tarakhil, Shahidullah Kamal, Gulbadin Naib (c), Zubaid Akbari, Karim Janat, Sharafuddin Ashraf, Nijat Masood, Mohammad Shahzad, Afsar Zazai, Qais Ahmad, Zahir Khan, Fareed Ahmad Malik, Sayed Shirzad, Noor Ali Zadran

Pakistan: Qasim Akram (c), Omair Yousuf, Aamer Jamal, Arafat Minhas, Arshad Iqbal, Asif Ali, Haider Ali, Khushdil Shah, Mirza Tahir Baig, Mohammad Hasnain, Muhammad Akhlaq, Rohail Nazir, Shahnawaz Dahani, Sufiyan Muqeem, Usman Qadir.

Advertisement
Tags
Asian Games
Cricket
Pakistan National Cricket Team
Live Streaming
Afghanistan National Cricket Team
Pakistan Vs Afghanistan
Hangzhou Asian Games 2022
2023 Asian Games
Qasim Akram
Gulbadin Naib
PREVIOUS STORY
Australia Defeat India In 5th Test To Clinch Border-Gavaskar Trophy After A Decade
NEXT STORY
Barbastro 0-4 Barcelona, Copa Del Rey: Lewandowski Double Helps Visitors Reach Last 16
Why CVS Keeps Quiet About This “9 Pills for $7” ED Med Deal
Public Health Forum by Friday Plans
|
Sponsored
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Put 2025 In Its Place
Get organized this year with YETI Crossroads® packing cubes.
YETI
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
New Electric SUVs Come with Tiny Price Tags (Take a Look)
CommonSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Hyundai's On Sale
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisio ns in the Moment
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet CGM. Click her...
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
Click Here
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free...
Dexcom G7 Is Easy To Use and Easy To Get Started. Simply Sign ...
Dexcom
|
Sponsored
Click Here
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Sur...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
CLOSE
Today Sports News
Cricket News
Australia Defeat India In 5th Test To Clinch Border-Gavaskar Trophy After A Decade
Vijay Hazare Trophy Round 7 Live Score: Delhi In Spot Of Bother Against Baroda; Siddesh Lad All Over Saurashtra
RSA Vs PAK, 2nd Test Day 2: Pakistan Stumble After Rickelton Inspires South Africa To Huge Total
Senior Women's One-Day Challenger Trophy 2025 Guide: Full Squads, Format - All You Need To Know
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Australia Coach Andrew Mcdonald Claims India 'Intimidated' Sam Konstas
Football News
Paris St-Germain Vs Monaco: Donnarumma In Line For PSG Return In Trophee Des Champions
Brighton 1-1 Arsenal, Premier League: Arteta Fumes At Penalty Decision As Gunners Held At Amex Stadium
Aston Villa 2-1 Leicester City, Premier League: Hosts 'Feeling The Confidence Again' To Start 2025
Napoli Assistant Coach Stellini Hails 'Important' Win Amid Injury Problems
Bournemouth 1-0 Everton, Premier League: Brooks Believes Hosts Must 'Keep Feet On Ground' Despite Club-record Run
Tennis News
Adelaide International 2025 WTA Live Streaming: Seeds, Prize Money - All You Need To Know
Jiri Lehecka Vs Reilly Opelka Live Streaming, Brisbane International: When, Where To Watch Men's Singles Final
Aryna Sabalenka Vs Polina Kudermetova Live Streaming, Brisbane International: When, Where To Watch Women's Singles Final
USA Vs Poland Live Streaming, United Cup Final: When And Where To Watch Coco Gauff And Iga Swiatek In Action
Brisbane International: Reilly Opelka Sets Up Jiri Lehecka Showdown In Final
Hockey News
HIL 2024-25: Team Gonasika Climb To Third Place With 3-1 Win Over Hyderabad Toofans
Hockey India League: Shachi Rarh Bengal Tigers Thrash Delhi SG Pipers 4-1, Take Top Spot
Hyderabad Toofans 1-3 Team Gonasika Highlights, Hockey India League: TG Secure First Victory In Rourkela
Delhi SG Pipers 1-4 Bengal Tigers Highlights, Hockey India League: Jugraj Headlines SRBT's Third Straight Win
Tamil Nadu Dragons Vs UP Rudras Live Streaming, Hockey India League 2024-25: When, Where To Watch HIL Match 12
Trending Stories
National News
Four Naxalites, Cop Killed In Encounter In Chhattisgarh
Weather Wrap: Dense Fog Disrupts Flights And Trains In Delhi As Cold Wave Grips North India
Election Officer Dismisses Sanjay Singh's Allegations As 'Incorrect And Baseless' Regarding Voter List Row
Health Ministry Says, 'India Is Well-Prepared', Monitoring Situation Amid HMPV Outbreak In China
PM Modi Attacks Oppn Over Caste Census Demand, Accused Them Of Spreading 'Venom'
Entertainment News
The Humour of Andaz Apna Apna, 30 years on
Pushpa 2 Box Office Collection Day 30: Allu Arjun's Film Set To Surpass Rs 1200 Crore In India
Paatal Lok Season 2 Teaser: Jaideep Ahlawat’s Hathiram Chaudhary Narrates Story Of Societal Evils
BAFTA Awards 2025 Longlist: All We Imagine As Light Gets 3 Nods, Emilia Perez, Conclave Lead Longlists
Watchlist: Films On War That Moved Us
US News
Biden Awards US Presidential Medal Of Freedom To Hillary Clinton, George Soros And 17 Others
US: Biden Names Hillary Clinton, Ralph Lauren, Messi, Soros For Presidential Medal Of Freedom
US: NSA Sullivan To Visit India On January 5 To Finalise Important Ongoing Initiatives
Hush Money Case: US President Donald Trump To Be Sentenced On January 10; Jail Unlikely
US: 2 Dead, 18 Injured As Plane Crashes Into Warehouse In California
World News
Biden Awards US Presidential Medal Of Freedom To Hillary Clinton, George Soros And 17 Others
Pakistan: 4 Killed, 32 Injured In A Blast In Balochistan
US: Biden Names Hillary Clinton, Ralph Lauren, Messi, Soros For Presidential Medal Of Freedom
US: NSA Sullivan To Visit India On January 5 To Finalise Important Ongoing Initiatives
Myanmar Releases Thousands Of Prisoners To mark Independence Day
Latest Stories
Daily Horoscope, January 4, 2025: Check Today's Astrological Prediction For Your Zodiac Sign
War And Peace: A Fractured World In Images
Rohit Sharma 'Retirement': Jovial India Captain Clears The Air During Sydney Lunch
Parental Consent Mandatory To Create Children's Accounts, Says Centre On Draft Social Media Rules
IND Vs AUS, 5th Test: Injured Jasprit Bumrah Leaves SCG, Virat Kohli Leading India Against Australia
Weekly Horoscope For January 5th To January 11th: Dive Into Complete Astrological Forecasts For Every Zodiac Sign
Fred Kerley Arrested In Florida: Paris Olympic Medallist Tasered After Police Confrontation - Video
Delhi Weather: Dense Fog Leads To Zero Visibility, GRAP 3 Imposed; Hundreds Of Flights Impacted
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

Subscribe to Outlook India notifications. Choose categories below and click Allow.

News
Sports
Cricket

Allow

Deny
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/pakistan-vs-afghanistan-live-streaming-asian-games-2023-men-s-cricket-semi-final-when-and-where-to-watch-pak-vs-afg-match-news-322260 
 ----- 
