Home
For You
The Morning Edition
Saved Articles
0
Reading History
Publishers
My Topics
My Account
My Membership
Recommend inkl
About inkl
FAQs
Logout
Sign In
Sign Up
Lead Stories
Good News
Our Picks
Business
Analysis
World
Politics
Climate
Entertainment
Sport
Technology
Science
Get all your news in one place.
100’s of premium titles. One news app.
START READING
The Independent UK
SPORT
Sakshi Gupta
Oct 6, 2023, 5:21 AM
Who is Rachin Ravindra – New Zealand’s new World Cup hero with strong Indian roots
RACHIN RAVINDRA
RA (PERSON)
NEW ZEALAND
WORLD CUP
INDIA
CRICKET
KOBE BRYANT
RAHUL DRAVID
SACHIN TENDULKAR
HARRY BROOK
AFP via Getty Images

If the international cricketing community didn’t know who Rachin Ravindra was, they are certainly familiar with the all-rounder now after the opening game of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 in which he became the youngest New Zealand batter to score a World Cup century.

The astounding feat came as Ravindra played a significant role in both innings of New Zealand’s nine-wicket win against defending champions England in the cricket tournament’s opening game on Thursday.

Sign up to read this article
Read news from 100’s of titles, curated specifically for you.
START READING
Already a member? Sign in here
Top stories on inkl right now
MP calls for urgent health reform as NHS declares critical incident in Cornwall
On Friday NHS Cornwall and Isles of Scilly integrated care board declared a critical incident because of rising demand on services.
The Independent UK
Exiled Venezuelan Opposition Leader To Speak With Biden, Visit US
Venezuelan opposition politician Edmundo Gonzalez Urrutia, who fled the country after a tumultuous election and subsequent police crackdown, said Saturday he has plans to speak with US President Joe Biden.
International Business Times
The Observer view on the New Orleans attack: lone terrorist threat calls for wisdom, not divisive rhetoric
Donald Trump blaming immigration will do nothing to counter the pernicious and lethal online influence posed by IS
The Guardian - UK
Jimmy Carter's 6-Day Funeral Procession Begins In Georgia Where Former President Was Born 100 Years Ago
A national funeral service will be held for the 39th president in Washington, D.C., before a private burial in his hometown of Plains, Georgia.
Latin Times
One subscription that gives you access to news from hundreds of sites
START READING
Already a member? Sign in here
Jimmy Carter honored at memorial service after casket carried by his Secret Service agents
Former president will lie in repose in Atlanta until Tuesday morning
The Independent UK
‘We’ve been at this rodeo before’: gun-safety groups prepare for second Trump term
With ‘the best friend gun owners have ever had in the White House’ to return, gun-safety groups eye state level actions
The Guardian - US
RELATED STORIES
Who is Rachin Ravindra – New Zealand’s new World Cup hero with strong Indian roots
It’s fitting that Rachin became New Zealand’s youngest batter to score a World Cup century on Indian soil – his name is a portmanteau for two Indian cricketing legends
The Independent UK
Who is Rachin Ravindra, New Zealand’s Cricket World Cup star?
Ravindra’s story came full circle as his cricket-mad parents watched him make a World Cup 100 for New Zealand in India.
Al Jazeera
World Cup: Devon Conway, Rachin Ravindra slam tons as New Zealand hammer England
AHMEDABAD: It was a rematch of the thrilling 2019 ODI World Cup final at Lord's which they had lost to England due to a dubious boundary countback rule, and, if New Zealand had revenge in their minds, they got it in ample measure, after four years of wait!
The Times of India
New Zealand's surprise hero Rachin Ravindra soaks in his maiden ODI ton
AHMEDABAD: It is well-known by now that Rachin Ravindra-who smashed a breath-taking century to play a big part in the Kiwis' nine-wicket trouncing of England at the Narendra Modi Stadium on Thursday night, was at a bar in his native city of Bangalore when New Zealand lost a heart-breaking 2019…
The Times of India
ODI World Cup: Devon Conway, Rachin Ravindra fire dazzling tons as New Zealand stun defending champions England in opener
NEW DELHI: The left-handed pair of Devon Conway (152 not out) and Rachin Ravindra (123 not out) slammed phenomenal centuries as New Zealand hammered champions England by nine wickets in the ODI World Cup opener in Ahmedabad on Thursday.
The Times of India
Who is Rachin Ravindra – New Zealand’s new World Cup hero with strong Indian roots
It’s fitting that Rachin became New Zealand’s youngest batter to score a World Cup century on Indian soil – his name is a portmanteau for two Indian cricketing legends
The Independent UK
Our Picks
Angelina Jolie recalls comment from ‘someone in her life’ that deeply affected her
Actor said she didn’t understand ‘how much life changes your voice’
The Independent UK
‘John Belushi always used to try to get off with my ex-wife. I’d say: ‘John, I can hear you, you fat git’”: Ronnie Wood’s wild tales of Jimi Hendrix, Keith Richards, Bob Dylan and Axl Rose
Living with Hendrix? Jamming with Dylan? Giving Axl relationship advice? Rolling Stones guitarist Ronnie Wood has done it all
Louder
How to deal with Zoom calls in 2025: in smaller groups with static backgrounds
Researchers are looking at how to make video meetings feel less tiring, reduce anxiety and tackle ‘Zoom dysmorphia’
The Guardian - UK
What is locked-in syndrome? The extraordinary stories that help us understand this rare condition
Locked-in syndrome is a rare phenomenon which makes conscious people almost entirely unable to move and communicate. It is estimated there are fewer than 1,000 existing cases in the US, and between 50 and 300 in the UK.
The Conversation
The Socialists and Suffragettes of Oz
Long before Wicked came along, America's homegrown fairyland was filled with politics.
Reason
New Research Shows Quitting Smoking Can Extend Life Expectancy
Learn how quitting smoking can increase life expectancy and improve overall health. Discover the immediate and long-term benefits of kicking the habit.
Top News
FOURTEEN DAYS FREE
Download the app
One app. One membership.
100+ trusted global sources.
Copyright © 2025 inkl. All rights reserved.
Terms | Privacy | FAQs | Sitemap | Contact Us
By continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. View our Privacy Policy.
ACCEPT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.inkl.com/news/who-is-rachin-ravindra-new-zealand-s-new-world-cup-hero-with-strong-indian-roots 
 ----- 
