Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
NEW YORK
News
Weather
Congestion Pricing
Sports
Video
New York Shows
Your Home Team
35°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Yankees edge Royals in 11 innings on infield single by Jazz Chisholm Jr.

Updated on: September 11, 2024 / 11:54 PM EDT / AP

NEW YORK — Jazz Chisholm Jr. hit a game-ending infield single with one out in the 11th inning and the New York Yankees outlasted the Kansas City Royals for a 4-3 victory Wednesday night.

Juan Soto launched a go-ahead homer in the sixth for the Yankees, who increased their advantage in the AL East to 1 1/2 games over Baltimore. New York has held the lead since Aug. 21 but hasn't led by more than two games during that stretch.

Shortly before Chisholm came through, the Orioles lost 5-3 in 10 innings at Fenway Park when Tyler O'Neill hit a walk-off homer for Boston.

Chisholm came up with runners on first and third after Kris Bubic (0-1) intentionally walked Aaron Judge following a groundout by Soto that sent automatic runner Jon Berti from second base to third.

With the infield playing in, Judge advanced to second on defensive indifference and Chisolm slapped a 2-1 slider toward shortstop. Bobby Witt Jr. made a diving stop on his backhand, but an off-balance throw from his knees was wide of the plate. Berti, who was pinch running, scored easily with a headfirst slide.

"Honestly, I was looking for a pitch that I could get through a hole or get to the outfield to score anybody on third base," Chisholm said. "I was willing to pass the baton if I didn't get a pitch to hit."

Chisholm batted cleanup for the second time since being acquired from the Miami Marlins on July 27. It was his first career walk-off hit and he was doused in water during the celebration while getting mobbed by teammates near second base.

Luke Weaver (5-3) struck out three in 1 2/3 hitless innings for the win.

New York took two of three in a series between playoff contenders. Kansas City fell 4 1/2 games behind first-place Cleveland in the AL Central but holds the league's second wild card by 1 1/2 games over Minnesota.

"This is a big series win for us against a really good club over there that threw a lot of good pitching at us," Yankees manager Aaron Boone said.

The teams traded runs in the 10th. Royals pinch-runner Darion Blanco stole third base and scored on Jake Cousins' wild pitch. In the bottom half, pinch-hitter Austin Wells tied it with a sacrifice fly.

"It was a tense game," Royals manager Matt Quatraro said. "It was tight. It was well pitched on both sides."

Soto hit a two-run homer off Cole Ragans to give the Yankees a 2-1 lead, two pitches after fouling a ball off his right ankle in the sixth. The slugger doubled over in pain, but stayed in the game after getting checked by head athletic trainer Tim Lentych. Soto fouled off another pitch off before sending a 402-foot drive to right field.

"You really get mad when you hit yourself," Soto said. "It's just the way it goes. I'm not mad at the pitcher or anything. Just mad at myself, but when you come through like that, it just feels a little relief."

Soto said he felt the pain when he homered but was feeling better after the game.

"He's got that theatric thing down pretty good here," Boone said.

Salvador Perez hit a tying sacrifice fly off Clay Holmes in the seventh and started an impressive double play to end the bottom half.

With runners on first and second, Jose Trevino hit a high chopper to the first baseman and Perez reached to barely tag Trevino on the back of his jersey. Perez then pivoted quickly and made a strong throw to catcher Freddy Fermin, cutting down Anthony Volpe at the plate.

Kansas City challenged the safe call at first, which was overturned following a brief replay review.

Ragans allowed two runs and three hits in six innings. He struck out seven and moved ahead of Detroit lefty Tarik Skubal for the American League lead in strikeouts.

"I don't think that they're any better than us," Ragans said. "We believe in ourselves. I think we're a good team. We're a playoff team. They're a good team, they're a playoff team. It's a good matchup, it was a good three games."

Yankees rookie Luis Gil permitted one run and five hits over five innings in his second start following a stint on the injured list due to a back injury.

Michael Massey homered in the fourth against Gil, who struck out MJ Melendez with two on to end the fifth.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Royals: RHP Michael Lorenzen (strained left hamstring) will make his next minor league rehab start this weekend and could return to the rotation next week. Lorenzen threw 38 pitches over 1 2/3 shaky innings Tuesday night for Double-A Northwest Arkansas and felt fine afterward, Quatraro said.

UP NEXT

Royals: Had not announced a starter for the opener of a three-game series at Pittsburgh on Friday. RHP Luis Ortiz (6-5, 3.26 ERA) will pitch for the Pirates.

Yankees: LHP Nestor Cortes (9-10, 3.97 ERA) opposes Boston RHP Cooper Criswell (6-4, 4.11) in the opener of a four-game series Thursday night.

More from CBS News
Carrick's overtime goal lifts Rangers past Devils
Thunder bounce back to rout Knicks
Malik Beasley scores 23, Pistons win 5th straight over Nets
Sorokin gets shutout as Islanders blank Golden Knights
In: MLB

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
CBS News New York
WLNY TV 10/55
Contact Us
Contests & Promotions
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for WCBS-TV
Public File for WLNY-TV
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
WCBS-TV EEO Report
WLNY-TV EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/newyork/news/yankees-beat-royals-11-innings/ 
 ----- 
