Report ad
Deseret NewsDeseret MagazineChurch News
Print Subscriptions
Latest
Politics
Utah 
Sports 
Opinion
Magazine
More 
GO
Report ad
SPORTS
Bryce Harper and the Phillies got revenge against the Braves
The Philadelphia Phillies advanced to the NLCS after beating the Atlanta Braves Thursday
Published: Oct 13, 2023, 2:01 p.m. MDT
VIEW COMMENTS
SHARE
Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper hits a home run during the fifth inning of Game 3 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday, Oct. 11, 2023, in Philadelphia. Matt Rourke, Associated Press
By Krysyan Edler
Krysyan covers sports for the Deseret News with a focus on women's sports and serves as the assistant editor over newsletters.

The Philadelphia Phillies advanced to the National League Championship Series after beating the Atlanta Braves 3-1 in Game 4 of the NLDS on Thursday.

The Phillies were able to close the series thanks in part to Bryce Harper’s revenge performance in Game 3 on Wednesday, which followed his game-ending mistake in Game 2 and some taunting from Braves shortstop Orlando Arcia.

What did Bryce Harper do in Game 2?

Down a run and with one out in the ninth inning of Game 2, Harper was on first when Phillies right fielder Nick Castellanos hit a deep ball into the outfield. Harper had already rounded second base when Braves center fielder Michael Harris II caught the ball.

Harper tried to return to first to avoid the double play but was tagged out, ending the game and tying the series at 1-1.

What did Orlando Arcia say about Bryce Harper?

Following Game 2, reporters overheard Arcia mocking Harper in Atlanta’s locker room.

“Ha-ha, atta-boy, Harper,” he said, according to CBS Sports. 

How did Bryce Harper respond to Orlando Arcia in Game 3?

Word of Arcia’s comments got back to the Phillies and Harper. The Phillies first basemen showed up to Game 3 on Wednesday in a “Coach Prime” T-shirt, foreshadowing how he’d silence the critics.

Harper hit two home runs that night, including a three-run homer, and he stared down Arcia both times he passed him while rounding the bases.

The Phillies beat the Braves 10-2 in Game 3. Harper was asked if he enjoyed the stare down in his postgame press conference.

“Yeah, I mean I stared right at him,” he said, per a video shared by Bleacher Report on X, the site formerly known as Twitter.

Following the loss, Arcia addressed the comments he made about Harper and said they weren’t supposed to be made public.

“He wasn’t supposed to hear it,” he said, according to ESPN. “That’s why we were talking in the clubhouse. ... When you’re in the clubhouse, I’m under the impression you can say whatever you wanted. I guess it was something that was reported.”

In response to the stare down, Arcia said Harper “can look wherever he wants to look.”

What did the Phillies say about Bryce Harper and Orlando Arcia’s comments?

Phillies pitcher Taijuan Walker told The Athletic that he knew Harper was going to respond in Game 3 and he was right.

“We all knew when he showed up and didn’t say a word,” he said. “He was just locked in from right when he showed up. We just said, ‘OK. He’s going to do something crazy today.’ And he did it twice. He almost did it three times.”

View Comments

Phillies shortstop Trea Turner said Harper is not the bear you want to poke, according to ESPN.

“There’s one person I would never talk about,” he said. “It’s that guy (Harper). We don’t call him the showman for nothing.”

Phillies fans made sure to dish it back to Arcia in Game 4. They were heard chanting “atta-boy” when he was at bat, according to a video shared by Talkin’ Baseball on X.

The Phillies will host the Arizona Diamondbacks in the first game of the NLCS on Monday.

Sports Edition

We share your excitement for the game! Get daily updates on our best coverage of your favorite teams.

SUBSCRIBE
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Notice and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
Browse All Newsletters
You Might Also Like
Looking for comments?
Find comments in their new home! Click the buttons at the top or within the article to view them — or use the button below for quick access.
VIEW COMMENTS
Most Popular
Katie Ann Powell, a Utah native, wins award at Miss America pageant
5 takeaways from Trump press conference — including hostages held by Hamas, control of Panama Canal, NATO
The world's largest humanitarian crisis is now a genocide
Photo gallery: Infernos in Southern California
Why does Donald Trump want Greenland?
Houses of worship among the buildings destroyed by Los Angeles fires
NFL moves Rams-Vikings playoff game to Arizona amid wildfire crisis
A prayer in the U.S. Capitol sparked a unique religion controversy
Nikki Glaser, the Golden Globes and comedy's #MeToo problem
Most Commented
372
Historic sentencing: President-elect Trump is given sentence in criminal case
301
Perspective: Are the LA wildfires a natural disaster or a ‘man-made catastrophe’?
231
How Canadians are reacting to Trump’s ‘51st state’ posts
102
As Netflix drops ‘American Primeval,’ how much do we know about its accuracy?
79
What Gov. Cox asked Trump at Mar-a-Lago dinner with GOP governors
COMPANY
About Us
Editorial Staff
Careers
REACH OUT
Contact Us
Technical Support
Advertise
Send Us a Tip
Do Not Sell My Info
GET MORE
Newsletters
Print Subscription
iOS App
Android App
Deseret News Marathon
CONNECT
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Copyright © 2025 Deseret News Publishing Company. All Rights Reserved
Terms of UsePrivacy NoticeCA Notice of CollectionCookie PolicyCookie Preferences
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.deseret.com/sports/2023/10/13/23915143/phillies-bryce-harper-get-revenge-against-braves-nlcs/ 
 ----- 
