Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Braves’ Orlando Arcia lashes out at chirping Phillies fans during NLDS meltdown
By Bridget Reilly
Published Oct. 13, 2023, 9:26 a.m. ET
154
0 seconds of 29 secondsVolume 0%
00:00
00:29
 
EXPLORE MORE
Alanna Rizzo apologizes for ‘some jackoff’ take on Orlando Arcia-Bryce Harper coverage
Bryce Harper interview shows how much he relished staring down Braves’ Orlando Arcia
Dodgers’ Manny Machado has forgotten how to slide

The Phillies fans got just what they wanted Thursday night: a 3-1 win over the Braves to earn a trip to the NCLS for the second year in a row and a reaction from Orlando Arcia and Ronald Acuña Jr. in the process.

The two Braves All-Stars had enough of the chirping across the two nights at Citizens Bank Park after a 10-2 Game 3 victory in Philadelphia that was highlighted by Bryce Harper’s two staredowns at Arcia and cold nights at the plate.

In response, Arcia and Acuña made gestures throughout the night to mock the crowd.

During one moment, Arcia seemed to be mocking Phillies fans by pointing to his ringer finger.

Arcia won a World Series title with the Braves during the 2021 season.

Moments later, he turned around and was spotted mouthing back to the fans and sticking his tongue out.

Acuña, standing next to him on the dugout rail, raised his hand twice to turn Arcia back around to face the field, trying to help his teammate block out the noise.

4
Orlando Arcia losing it on Phillies fans in Game 4 of the NLDS at Citizens Bank Park.
Twitter
4
Orlando Arcia mocks the Phillies crowd at Citizens Bank Park during Game 4 of the NLDS.
Twitter

The Braves got first on the board in Game 4 with a home run from Austin Riley in the fourth inning, which Acuña celebrated by making a lip-zipping gesture to the fans.

The one run lead didn’t last long, though.

Nick Castellanos tied the game in the bottom of the inning with a solo homer and Trea Turner’s solo shot in the fifth gave the Phillies a 2-1 lead.

The rowdy atmosphere — paired with the must-win stakes against the team that knocked them out in the playoffs a year prior — can certainly allow for emotions to run high.

4
Arcia gestures to fans during game four of the NLDS game between the Atlanta Braves and the Philadelphia Phillies on October 12, 2023.
Icon Sportswire via Getty Images

Arcia, however, did start the chirping with Philadelphia after he mockingly said “Atta boy, Harper” after the Braves’ Game 2 win that ended with Harper being doubled up at first base.

The night made for another early exit for the best offensive team in baseball, which tied the MLB record with 307 home runs this season.

The Braves also became the second team in league history with five players with 30 or more homers.

154

What do you think? Post a comment.

The Phillies also sent the Braves home last year after a 3-1 series win that also featured a Game 2 loss.

Philadelphia will now face the Diamondbacks in the NLCS starting Monday night.

4
Orlando Arcia smiles at heckling fans during the fifth inning of Game 4 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Philadelphia Phillies Thursday, Oct. 12, 2023.
AP
FILED UNDER ATLANTA BRAVES  MLB PLAYOFFS  ORLANDO ARCIA  PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES  RONALD ACUNA  10/13/23
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
People Are Talking About Melania's Coat At Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
Details Emerge About Murdered CEO Brian Thomson's Personal Life
NYPost.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
These Big Stars Have Lost It All To LA's Ravaging Wildfires
PageSix.com
Senator's Husband Refuses To Shake Kamala's Hand, Causes A Stir
Madamenoire.com
Products At CES 2025 We Can't Wait To See On The Market
Slashgear.com
The Long, Long List Of Celebs Who Can't Stand Kamala Harris
NickiSwift.com
Kamala Harris' Bizarre Marriage Couldn't Be More Strange
NickiSwift.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/10/13/braves-orlando-arcia-loses-it-on-rowdy-phillies-fans-during-nlds/ 
 ----- 
