Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Phillies’ NLDS celebration came with a huge Bryce Harper scare
By Justin Terranova
Published Oct. 13, 2023, 8:25 a.m. ET
42
EXPLORE MORE
Blue Jays sign Jeff Hoffman to $33 million contract after Orioles agreement fell through
Phillies acquire Jesus Luzardo in trade with Marlins
Yankees in hot pursuit of Kyle Tucker trade — they’ll have to beat out these teams

The Phillies’ NLDS celebration was almost spoiled — and not just by the Braves.

Bryce Harper looked to be an extreme pain after a collision with Braves slugger Matt Olson following an awkward play at first base to end the eighth inning Thursday night.

Harper, who has only played 36 games at first base this season, hesitated on a ground ball to his right as he was unsure whether he should go to the bag or go for the ball.

He ultimately decided to cover the bag and got there in time to get the throw from second baseman Bryson Stott.

However, Harper kept his right arm out and Olson ran right through it. He immediately grabbed at the arm as he was hugged by relief pitcher Gregory Soto.

Harper missed the first half of the season after having Tommy John surgery on his right elbow last Nov. 23, only adding to the concern.

3
Worried Phillies teammates check on Bryce Harper after a collision in the eighth inning of Game 4 of the NLDS.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

Harper, who went 1-for-2 with two walks after two home runs in Game 3, had been switched from the outfield to first base to protect the arm this season and fill in for the injured Rhys Hoskins.

The wild cheers at Citizens Bank Park were muffled as concern spread throughout the ballpark, even as the Phillies were now three outs away from the NLCS.

Harper went down the tunnel, presumably to be checked out by team trainers, but returned to the field for the top of the ninth.

“I’m good. It just hit my funny bone. I’m fine,” Harper said after the game.

3
Bryce Harper had Tommy John surgery in the offseason.
AP

The Phillies — protecting a 3-1 lead — survived a scare in the ninth with the Braves putting runners on the corners with no outs following a Marcell Ozuna walk and Sean Murphy single.

But Matt Strahm shut the door and recorded three straight outs after taking over for Soto.

Harper joined in on the beer-soaked celebration with the rest of his teammates.

“Winning teams find ways to win at all costs, right?” Harper said afterward. “That’s a really, really good team over there. I’ve got so much respect for the Atlanta Braves as an organization, the way they go about it, the way they play. They’ve got a great lineup one through nine. And we just beat a really, really good team.”

3
Bryce Harper celebrates the Phillies advancing to the NLCS.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con
42

What do you think? Post a comment.

Now, the Phillies take on the Diamondbacks in the NLCS with Game 1 in Philadelphia on Monday night.

FILED UNDER ATLANTA BRAVES  BRYCE HARPER  MLB PLAYOFFS  PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES  10/13/23
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
People Are Talking About Melania's Coat At Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
Details Emerge About Murdered CEO Brian Thomson's Personal Life
NYPost.com
The Best Ways To Use Your Tax Refund For Maximum Financial Gain
Moneydigest.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
These Big Stars Have Lost It All To LA's Ravaging Wildfires
PageSix.com
Senator's Husband Refuses To Shake Kamala's Hand, Causes A Stir
Madamenoire.com
CNN Anchor Kaitlan Collins Showed Off Her Killer Legs
NickiSwift.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/10/13/bryce-harper-has-injury-scare-during-phillies-nlds-win-over-braves/ 
 ----- 
