Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Pirates
65-74, 33-38 Away
0
Final
Cubs
72-68, 37-31 Home
12
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Imanaga, 2 relievers combine for no-hitter, lead Cubs over Pirates 12-0
ByAP
Sep 5, 2024, 04:18 am

CHICAGO -- — Shota Imanaga wasn’t disappointed when he was removed after seven hitless innings and 95 pitches.

“He actually didn’t know he had a no-hitter going at all, which is funny,” Chicago Cubs manager Counsell said.

Nate Pearson and Porter Hodge each followed with a perfect inning to finish a 12-0 victory over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Wednesday night, the Cubs’ first no-hitter at Wrigley Field since 1972.

“That’s 100% about taking care of Shota and making sure we’re doing the right thing for him,” Counsell said. “It’s not fun to do, but when you’re prioritizing the player’s health and you don’t know what’s going to happen moving forward, we want him to stay healthy.”

Imanaga (12-3) struck out seven and walked two, throwing 66 pitches for strikes.

A 31-year-old left-hander in his first season with the Cubs after pitching in Japan for eight seasons, Imanaga has not gotten an out in the eighth inning this season and has thrown a high of 103 pitches.

He needed 25 pitches to get through the second inning. He complimented catcher Miguel Amaya, who posed for photos with the three pitchers after the final out.

“Miggy studies the hitters, and there were a few occasions today where there was a specific pitch I wanted to throw, Miggy had a different sign, and I just trusted him and it worked out,” Imanaga said through an interpreter. “I can't thank him enough.”

Imanaga agreed in January to a $53 million, four-year contract. Chicago paid a $9,825,000 posting fee to the Yokohama BayStars of Japan’s Central League.

“The way he works, the presence, the confidence that he shows up there, every pitch is with intention,” Amaya said. “He's a grinder.”

Chicago's previous no-hitter was by Zach Davies, Ryan Tepera, Andrew Chafin and Craig Kimbrel at Dodger Stadium on June 24, 2021. Chicago had not pitched a no-hitter at Wrigley Field since Milt Pappas against San Diego on Sept. 2, 1972 — Pappas was one pitch from a perfect game when Bruce Froemming called ball four on a full-count pitch to Larry Stahl. Garry Jestadt then popped out.

Chicago ended a streak of 4,147 regular and postseason games at Wrigley Field without a no-hitter, the second-longest for a team in a single ballpark behind Pittsburgh, according to Opta. The Pirates never had a no-hitter in 4,773 games at Forbes Field from 1909-70.

Cubs players celebrated when shortstop Dansby Swanson threw to first baseman Michael Busch for the final out on Oneil Cruz's grounder, but were more muted than during celebrations after individual no-hitters.

Swanson insisted on staying in the game despite the blowout.

“He goes about his work the same every day, whether he's had a good outing or a bad outing,” Swanson said on Imanaga. “He's always wanting to get better. He's always doing the routine that he needs to do to be able to go back out again in five days and be able to pitch well. He's always prepared. He has his own way of doing things and takes full pride and responsibility to do that.”

This was the fourth no-hitter this season after complete-game efforts by Houston’s Ronel Blanco against Toronto on April 1, San Francisco’s Blake Snell at Cincinnati on April 2 and San Diego’s Dylan Cease at Washington on July 25.

Nico Hoerner, Pete Crow-Armstrong and Swanson each had three of Chicago's 17 hits, with Swanson and Crow-Armstrong both finishing a triple shy of the cycle.

Domingo Germán (0-1), who pitched a perfect game last year for the New York Yankees against Oakland, allowed seven runs — six earned — and nine hits in three innings.

Seiya Suzuki hit an RBI single in the first, and Chicago opened a 4-0 lead in the second when Crow-Armstrong had a run-scoring double and Happ hit a two-run single.

Swanson's two-run homer and Crow-Armstrong's solo shot boosted the lead to 7-0 in the third. Cody Bellinger hit a two-run homer in the sixth against Kyle Nicolas.

Pittsburgh’s Rowdy Tellez allowed Miles Mastrobuoni’s RBI single in the eighth, the first baseman’s third mound outing this season.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Pirates: OF Andrew McCutchen was a late scratch because of a knee issue.

Cubs: LHP Justin Steele (tendinitis in pitching elbow) and RHP Jorge López (strained right groin) were put on the 15-day IL, Steele retroactive to Sunday and López to Tuesday. Reliever Hayden Wesneski, out since July 19 with an injured right forearm, will start a rehab assignment at Triple-A Iowa.

UP NEXT

Pirates: LHP Bailey Falter (6-7, 4.41 ERA) was set to take the mound Thursday when the Pirates return home to face the Nationals.

Cubs: RHP Javier Assad (7-4, 3.21) was scheduled to start Friday in the series opener at home against the Yankees. New York RHP Luis Gil (12-6) will come off the injured list after recovering from a lower back strain.

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Game Information
Wrigley Field
11:40 PM, September 4, 2024
Chicago, Illinois
Line: CHC -205
Over/Under: 8.5
Attendance: 30,369
Game Time:
2:10
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Emil Jimenez
First Base Umpire - Bill Miller
Second Base Umpire - Malachi Moore
Third Base Umpire - Doug Eddings
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap/_/gameId/401570565 
 ----- 
