Skip to content
Subscribe Now
18°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Chicago Cubs relief pitcher Porter Hodge and pitching coach Tommy Hottovy (68) embrace after Hodge, relief pitcher Nate Pearson (right), and starting pitcher Shota Imanaga, combined for a no-hitter against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Sept. 4, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Photos: Shota Imanaga and 2 relievers combine for no-hitter in Chicago Cubs’ 12-0 win
By CHRIS SWEDA | csweda@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 9:34 AM CDT

Photos from the Chicago Cubs’ 12-0 victory against the Pittsburgh Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field.

Shota Imanaga, Nate Pearson and Porter Hodge combined for a no-hitter in the win. Read the story here.

Cubs reliever Porter Hodge and catcher Miguel Amaya start to celebrate after closing out the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Shota Imanaga reacts after striking out the last batter of the seventh inning during a game against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Sept. 4, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Cubs reliever Porter Hodge and catcher Miguel Amaya embrace after sealing the 18th no-hitter in franchise history in a 12-0 rout of the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs reliever Porter Hodge delivers to the Pirates in the ninth inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
The scoreboard shows no hits and no runs for the Pirates in the ninth inning against the Cubs on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Cubs catcher Miguel Amaya and pitching coach Tommy Hottovy embrace after a 12-0 victory against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Shota Imanaga (left) and relief pitcher Porter Hodge (right) shake hands beside catcher Miguel Amaya, after the group, including relief pitcher Nate Pearson, combined for a no-hitter against the Pittsburgh Pirates at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Sept. 4, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs starting pitcher Shota Imanaga delivers against the Pirates in the second inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Pittsburgh Pirates catcher Henry Davis prepares to tag out Chicago Cubs baserunner Michael Busch at home plate in the first inning of a game at Wrigley Field in Chicago on Sept. 4, 2024. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs pitcher Shota Imanaga delivers to the Pirates in the second inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs reliever Nate Pearson delivers to the Pirates in the eighth inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson is congratulated by teammate Cody Bellinger after hitting a two-run home run in the third inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong celebrates as he rounds the bases after hitting a solo home run in the third inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong is congratulated in the dugout after hitting a solo home run in the third inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson (7) and center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong celebrate after both scored on a single by teammate Ian Happ in the second inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs shortstop Dansby Swanson hits an RBI double in the fifth inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs pitcher Shota Imanaga, left, and catcher Miguel Amaya congratulate one another after shutting down the Pirates in the sixth inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Cubs manager Craig Counsell congratulates left fielder Ian Happ after Happ scored in the first inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs third baseman Isaac Paredes makes a throwing error on a ground ball in the first inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs second baseman Nico Hoerner advances to third base on a run-scoring double by teammate Dansby Swanson in the fifth inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Cubs second baseman Nico Hoerner throws to first base to complete a double play after forcing out Pirates outfielder Bryan Reynolds at second in the first inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Cubs pitcher Shota Imanaga and catcher Miguel Amaya walk from the bullpen to the dugout before a game against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
Originally Published: September 4, 2024 at 9:05 PM CDT
Around the Web
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling Out on Amazon - Find Out Why
The Skincare Magazine
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
The Science-backed Way to Stay Hydrated All Day
Liquid I.V.
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
What is The Market Value of My House Check Estimate Instantly
Home Value
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
31 Photos That Show The Wrong Side of Cruise Ships
YourBump
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Reeling!
tardive disknesya
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
North Charleston: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Neuropathy? Simple Household Item Helps the Sharp Pain Disappear
Wellness Gaze Nuero
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
The Iceberg Floated Near a Village. All The Residents Turned Pale
Buzzday
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Forget Rogaine, Do This to Fight Thinning Hair (At Home)
WG Hair Restore
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfasts You Should Never Eat
HEALTH NATURAL
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Caitlin Clark And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
vetob
Scientists: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
The Shocking Truth About Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Discover the Unexpected Triggers of Myelodysplastic Syndrome!
Myeloma I Search Ads
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
A fragile haven
Judges back Chicago Police Board in two disciplinary cases
Today in Chicago History: ‘I decided to do my sitting over here,’ Mike Royko writes in his first Tribune column
Eric Muller: Federal workers may soon face moral dilemmas. Here’s what they can learn from history.
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Interview with Ron Rivera is complete; Mike Vrabel off the list with New England hire
5 takeaways from the Chicago Blackhawks’ 4-3 loss, including another bad 2nd period and Alec Martinez’s return
Chicago Bears coaching search: Who we know are candidates for the job — and why they’d make sense (or not)
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2024
September
4
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/04/chicago-cubs-pittsburgh-pirates-photos/ 
 ----- 
