Skip to content
Subscribe Now
18°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO CUBS
Shota Imanaga and 2 relievers throw a combined no-hitter for the Chicago Cubs in a 12-0 rout of the Pittsburgh Pirates
Cubs starting pitcher Shota Imanaga reacts after striking out the last batter of the seventh inning against the Pirates on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)
By MEGHAN MONTEMURRO | mmontemurro@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 5, 2024 at 6:32 PM CDT

Shota Imanaga realized something was up when he saw the look on manager Craig Counsell’s face.

Imanaga is used to seeing Counsell happy after the lefty produces a start like Wednesday night for the Chicago Cubs — seven shutout innings — but the skipper appeared a little worried as he approached him in the dugout. That’s when Imanaga learned there was an additional wrinkle to his stellar outing against the Pittsburgh Pirates: The Japanese star hadn’t allowed a hit through seven innings.

Imanaga, though, was at 95 pitches, not helped by a pair of errors from third baseman Isaac Paredes in the sixth, prompting Counsell to turn to the bullpen for the final six outs. Two hard-throwing relievers, Nate Pearson and Porter Hodge, picked up where Imanaga left off, combining to throw a no-hitter in the Cubs’ 12-0 victory in front of 30,369 fans.

Hodge forced Oneil Cruz to ground out weakly to shortstop Dansby Swanson to end the game. Hodge slapped his mitt and hugged catcher Miguel Amaya in celebration after watching first baseman Michael Busch secure the throw from Swanson. Amaya and the three pitchers signed the ball from the final out, and it will be donated to the Baseball Hall of Fame.

“Everybody contributed to this,” Amaya said. “Defense, each batter put their good at-bats down, it’s special. This is a beginning of a good streak. We can finish strong this season.”

It marked the 18th no-hitter in franchise history and the second combined no-no. The last Cubs no-hitter was also a combined effort by Zach Davies, Ryan Tepera, Andrew Chafin and Craig Kimbrel on June 24, 2021, at Dodger Stadium.

It was the Cubs’ first no-hitter at Wrigley since Milt Pappas in 1972.

Imanaga typically heads to the trainers room after he exits a game for his post-start exercise routine. This time he stayed in the dugout to watch the final two innings.

“Compared to Japan, all the players here get more excited about a no-hitter, and it doesn’t matter if the guys didn’t play, guys didn’t get a hit, everybody congratulated me,” Imanaga said through interpreter Edwin Stanberry. “Everybody was cheering me on. So I’m just thankful and I have a lot of respect for all my teammates who got excited for me, excited for the win.”

Counsell had discussed with pitching coach Tommy Hottovy about pulling Imanaga after the sixth, ultimately letting him go one more inning. He understood it would not be a popular decision among fans.

“It’s always hard to do in that situation, but you’re taking care of Shota,” Counsell said. “I mean, it’s 100% about taking care of Shota and making sure we’re doing the right thing for him. It’s not fun to do. But when you’re prioritizing the player’s health, you don’t know what’s going to happen moving forward, and we want him to stay healthy. He’s at a career high in innings and doing a great job.

“That was, for us, the right thing to do.”

Imanaga wasn’t the only one involved who was unaware a no-hitter was progressing. Amaya and Pearson both found out what was happening when Cubs fans booed Pearson as he ran in from the left-field bullpen to warm up for the eighth inning.

“I realized, ‘Oh, we’ve probably got something on the line,’ ” Pearson said.

Hodge was surprised to hear Pearson say that during the postgame interviews. He saw Pearson looking at the TV in the bullpen then glanced at it himself and picked up on the situation.

“I smiled at him because I thought he knew but didn’t want to say anything,” Hodge said with a grin.

Cubs pitcher Porter Hodge and catcher Miguel Amaya embrace after the final out against the Pirates in the ninth inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Pearson and Hodge kept a simple mentality with a no-hitter on the line. Pump strikes, attack the hitters and go one pitch at a time. Hodge described mixed emotions waiting for the ball to land in Busch’s mitt to end it, calling those final seconds nerve-wracking.

All three outs in the ninth were hit on the ground to Swanson, who was part of the first no-hitter of his career. He almost wasn’t on the field for the ninth. Counsell emptied the bench before the top of the eighth, taking out four starters, and Swanson was supposed to be part of it. When Swanson was informed he was being replaced, he bluntly said no and tried to convey why without outright verbalizing the no-hitter.

“I think at first they thought it was more for trying to get a triple (for the cycle) and, man, I don’t know if I can run that far,” Swanson joked. “It was more for the defensive stuff. … I got my way.”

Swanson, center fielder Pete Crow-Armstrong and second baseman Nico Hoerner each had three of the Cubs’ 17 hits. Swanson, Crow-Armstrong and Cody Bellinger all homered in the rout.

Hoerner didn’t play in the Cubs’ last combined no-hitter in 2021 because of an injury and took in the last six outs Wednesday from the dugout. He appreciated how the tension within Wrigley continued to build as fans stuck around for a chance to witness history despite the lopsided score.

“You could tell people were really locked in on the no-hitter from I think maybe the sixth inning I felt like you were getting more murmurs and things than normal in the crowd,” Hoerner said. “And that stuff is awesome, and it’s part of what makes a long season so exciting is every day can have something like that.”

Cubs starting pitcher Shota Imanaga delivers against the Pirates in the seventh inning on Sept. 4, 2024, at Wrigley Field. (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

Imanaga, who struck out seven Pirates, lowered his season ERA to 2.99 and leads the Cubs with 153 1/3 innings.

“He’s just a true pro,” Swanson said. “He goes about his work the same every day, whether he’s had a good outing or a bad outing. He’s always wanting to get better. He’s always doing the routine that he needs to do to be able to go back out again in five days and be able to pitch well. He’s always prepared.

“I’m not surprised by anything he does.”

Imanaga hopped off the mound to end the seventh as he watched the latest Pirate flail and fail to get a hit. His strikeout of third baseman Jared Triolo capped the memorable night for Imanaga, who took a no-hitter into at least the sixth inning for the third time.

RELATED ARTICLES
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
Lenny Randle, ‘The Most Interesting Man in Baseball’ who spent a season with the Chicago Cubs, dies at 75

“It’s really important for me to stay healthy for the whole season, throw my innings, make my starts, so he told me it’s time to switch pitchers, and I just trusted his judgment,” Imanaga said of the decision.

Imanaga’s main trouble came in the second when he walked two batters, prompting a visit from Hottovy. Otherwise, the trio of pitchers deftly navigated the Pirates lineup in the blowout win.

“The presence, the confidence that he shows up there, every single pitch is with intention, it’s not just get me over,” Amaya said.

The day started with the Cubs coming off two tough losses following the high of an 8-1 trip and the loss of Justin Steele — arguably their best starter — and reliever Jorge López to the injured list pregame, presenting a challenging backdrop to the team’s efforts to avoid being swept.

Wednesday’s postgame jubilation in the clubhouse provided a stark juxtaposition from the Cubs’ last 48 hours.

“It’s a beautiful game we play,” Swanson said. “The best way to play this game is literally every day like we play it because if you let one day roll into two it ends up rolling into 10 and then next thing you know it’s been a terrible couple of weeks. … That’s why I think it’s such a good life-lesson teacher because bad things are going to happen. That’s inevitable. It’s more about how you respond to it, and we’ve done a great job of that.”

Originally Published: September 4, 2024 at 9:01 PM CDT
Around the Web
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Bewildered!
tardive disknesya
North Charleston: Stunning 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Look Inside!
Senior Living
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Diabetes Freedom
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Early Signs of Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria You Might Not Know About
Nocturnal Hemoglobinuria
Neuropathy? Simple Household Item Helps the Sharp Pain Disappear
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Casinos Hate You Doing This but They Can't Stop You
Casino Review Journal
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Park Ranger Evacuates the South Carolina Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Shocked!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You! (Take a Peek!)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Do This Once Daily, Your Hair Will Grow Like Crazy (Watch)
WG Hair Restore
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Today in Chicago History: BLIZZARD …
A fragile haven
Judges back Chicago Police Board in two disciplinary cases
USW President McCall releases statement after U.S. Steel lawsuit
‘Den of Thieves 2’ opens at No. 1 as ‘Better Man’ flops
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
Chicago Bears coaching search: Who we know are candidates for the job — and why they’d make sense (or not)
Ron Rivera, the former Chicago Bears linebacker and defensive coordinator, will interview for head coaching job
‘You need to go into these searches wide open’: Assessing the Chicago Bears’ hunt for their next coach
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO CUBS
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2024
September
4
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/04/chicago-cubs-no-hitter-pittsburgh-pirates/ 
 ----- 
