Skip to content

Twitter
Facebook
Language
HOME
What’s New
National Report
Politics
Business
Asia & World
Sci & Tech
Culture
Travel
Sports
Opinion
Special

The Asahi Shimbun

>

Sports

>

article

Ohtani has elbow surgery. His doctor expects hitting return by opening day '24 and pitching by '25

THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

September 20, 2023 at 07:25 JST

Share
Tweet
list
Print

Los Angeles Angels' Shohei Ohtani laughs in the dugout during the ninth inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers in Anaheim, Calif., Saturday, Sept. 16, 2023. (AP Photo)

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla.--Los Angeles Angels star Shohei Ohtani had elbow surgery Tuesday, and his doctor said he expects the two-way star will be available as a hitter on opening day next season and will return to the mound as a pitcher in 2025.

Ohtani tore the ulnar collateral ligament in his right elbow on Aug. 23, ending his pitching season. He continued as a batter through Sept. 3 until an oblique strain.

Los Angeles Dodgers head team physician Dr. Neal ElAttrache operated Tuesday at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles. ElAttrache performed Tommy John surgery on Ohtani on Oct. 1, 2018. Neither Ohtani or the team provided specifics on this surgery.

“I had a procedure done on my elbow earlier this morning and everything went very well," Ohtani said in a post on Instagram. “Thank you very much for everyone’s prayers and kind words. It was very unfortunate that I couldn’t finish out the year on the field, but I will be rooting on the boys until the end. I will work as hard as I can and do my best to come back on the diamond stronger than ever.”

Nez Balelo, Ohtani's agent, issued a statement released by the Angels. Balelo did not go into specifics on the type of surgery.

“The final decision and type of procedure was made with a heavy emphasis on the big picture,” Balelo said. “Shohei wanted to make sure the direction taken gave him every opportunity to hit and pitch for many years to come.”

The 29-year-old Ohtani leads the AL with 44 homers and has 96 RBIs, eight triples and 20 stolen bases. He was 10-5 with a 3.14 ERA in 23 starts, striking out 167 and walking 55 in 132 innings.

“The ultimate plan after deliberation with Shohei, was to repair the issue at hand and to reinforce the healthy ligament in place while adding viable tissue for the longevity of the elbow," ElAttrache said in a statement released by the Angels. "I expect full recovery and he’ll be ready to hit without any restrictions come opening day of 2024 and do both (hit and pitch) come 2025.”

Ohtani is eligible for free agency after the World Series. Before the elbow injury, there was speculation he would get a record contract of $500 million or more.

Related News

Oblique injury sidelines Angels star Ohtani for rest of the season

September 17, 2023

MLB/ Shohei Ohtani misses 9th straight game for Angels dealing with oblique strain

September 13, 2023

Teen Nakamura seeks to join world’s top go players overseas

September 11, 2023

MLB/ Say cheese: Ohtani body double finds way into Angels’ team photo

September 6, 2023

MLB/ 2nd Tommy John rehab could be tougher for Shohei Ohtani

September 3, 2023

MLB/ Phillies slug 5 homers in 12-7 win over Ohtani, Angels, Harper hits career homer No. 299

August 30, 2023

Shohei Ohtani pitches cosmetics for Kose, proves a hit with men

August 27, 2023

MLB/ It's been a blast, but Ohtani's elbow injury shows limits of 2-way stardom

August 26, 2023
Share
Tweet
list
Print

 

Trending Now
Last 24 hours
Last 7 days
Student arrested after 8 injured in hammer attack at university
JR East consults priest over mystery illness plaguing drivers
Students describe horror of hammer attack on Tokyo campus
Troubled artist finds solace in photorealistic drawings
TV scenes cut of ex-SMAP member embroiled in sex scandal
VOX POPULI: U.S. bases in Okinawa keep producing sexual predators
Ex-SMAP idol apologizes for causing ‘trouble’ with woman
Ministry move to increase takeoffs and landings at Narita Airport
JAL crew saved everyone aboard in Jan. 2 crash despite chaos
Princess Kako visits ‘Pokemon x Kogei’ exhibit, knows her stuff
Videos

In Hokkaido, ‘sea of mega solar farms’ threatens protected park

January 12, 2025

More snowfalls forecast after traffic disrupted around Japan

January 10, 2025

Sony Honda’s first EV set for 2026 debut in U.S., self-driving

January 7, 2025

Recommended

Diplomatic Documents

A series based on diplomatic documents declassified by Japan’s Foreign Ministry

Memories of Hiroshima and Nagasaki

Here is a collection of first-hand accounts by “hibakusha” atomic bomb survivors.

YOASOBI

A peek through the music industry’s curtain at the producers who harnessed social media to help their idols go global.

Taste of Life

Cooking experts, chefs and others involved in the field of food introduce their special recipes intertwined with their paths in life.

Memories of Nikkei Americans

A series about Japanese-Americans and their memories of World War II

Asahi Shimbun on Twitter
Learning English
Asahi Weekly

In-house News and Messages

Link
The New York Times

BACK TO TOP

About Us
Site Policy
Privacy
Copyright
Contact Us
Transmission of user information to external service providers（利用者情報の外部送信）

Copyright © The Asahi Shimbun Company. All rights reserved. No reproduction or republication without written permission.

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.asahi.com/ajw/articles/15009436 
 ----- 
