Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Giants
Two-time Super Bowl champion Mark Bavaro's secret life-threatening struggle revealed

Giants legend get candid in a new book

New York Giants legend, Mark Bavaro.LAPRESSE
LW
08/09/2023 - 17:26 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. Joey Burrow's $275 million contract: More than Messi, while only two athletes earn more in the US
NFL. Patrick Mahomes throws an interception, and memes erupt: Is Dak Prescott the best in the NFL?

Mark Bavaro, former New York Giants tight end and two-time Super Bowl champion, recently opened up about his battle with long-term Covid in an excerpt from Gary Myers' book, "Once A Giant." The excerpt details Bavaro's struggle with anxiety, paranoia, dizziness, fogginess, and headaches that left him contemplating suicide.

"You think about it," he said. "You're like, 'What the f-k?' You're on top of a burning building and how long can you stay there until you jump off? You come to understand a lot about other people and what they go through."

Bavaro's symptoms were so debilitating that he had rows of prescription bottles on his kitchen island and in his cabinets. He had enough pills to take care of an entire football team. He suffered for six months until doctors found the right combination of medication to settle him down.

This tough-as-nails football player, who symbolized the heart of blue-collar New Yorkers in his playing days, was overwhelmed by a disease that was new even to the pain-wracked fraternity of former football players.

He fought hard against Covid

Bavaro's battle with Covid made him think about his former teammates who were diagnosed with CTE, a degenerative brain disease caused by repeated head injuries. Dave Duerson, Waters, and Seau all were diagnosed with CTE. They all died by suicide, and their families donated their brains for CTE research and evaluation.

In the depths of his battle with Covid, he started to think about it. Bavaro never planned how to end his life, but "you think of ways. How does one die?" he said. "I was praying for a heart attack."

MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Brittany Maho...
Marca

Despite his struggles, Bavaro consciously decided to stick around for his wife Susan and his adult children. He had to choose between listening to his emotional side or his intellectual side.

"I had to stick to my intellectual side and say, 'Your life is good,'" he said. "Before I got sick, I was happy as a clam playing golf and hanging out. I was not making a ton of money but was making enough to get by. The kids were great, the wife's great, everything was great. There was nothing to be depressed about."

NFL - English
New York Giants - English
Tennessee TitansDeAndre Hopkins ousts the four NFL teams that rejected him when he was a free agent
New York GiantsDaniel Jones receives $8.42 million bonus ahead of NFL opener vs. Cowboys
NFLBill Parcells supported struggling ex-players with $4 million loaned: "These guys sacrificed so much for me"
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
South Carolina Say Goodbye to High...
Financebuzz
Seniors Beating Neuropathy With...
Norlie
Men Can’t Stop Praising This Dis...
Endure+
Easier Diabetes Management wit...
Dexcom
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-giants/2023/09/09/64fb96ad268e3ec34f8b45cb.html 
 ----- 
