Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Burundi vs Senegal Prediction and Betting Tips | September 9th 2024
Burundi vs Senegal Prediction and Betting Tips | September 9th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Sep 08, 2024 16:20 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Burundi and Senegal square off in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Monday

Burundi and Senegal return to action in Group L of the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers when they square off at the Bingu National Stadium on Monday. Having lost the last three meetings between the two sides, Les Hirondelles will head into the game looking to get one over Aliou Cisse’s men and maintain their impressive start to the qualifiers.

Burundi turned in a resilient team display in last Thursday’s Group L curtain-raiser as they secured a 3-2 victory over Malawi at the Bingu National Stadium.

Bumamuru FC midfielder Mokono Eldhino grabbed the headlines as he struck the all-important goal with three minutes left in the game to hand Les Hirondelles an opening-day victory.

Burundi have now gone four consecutive games without defeat, picking up two wins and two draws — a run that has seen them rise to third place in Group F of the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers.

Trending

Senegal, on the other hand, were left red-faced in their group opener on Friday as they were held to a 1-1 draw by Burkina Faso at the Stade Me Abdoulaye Wade.

Cisse’s men took the lead in the 16th minute courtesy of former Liverpool man Sadio Mane but Ousseni Bouda scored in the fifth minute of stoppage time to hand Burkina Faso a share of the spoils.

Senegal have now failed to win three of their last four competitive matches — losing once and claiming two draws — with a 1-0 victory over Mauritania on June 9 being the exception.

Burundi vs Senegal Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
With three wins from the last four meetings between the sides, Senegal boast a superior record in the history of this fixture.
Burundi have managed one win in that time, which came in their first encounter in December 1998, when they beat Cisse’s men 1-0 in the Africa Cup of Nations.
Senegal are unbeaten in their last five matches across all competitions, picking up three wins and two draws since January’s AFCON round-of-16 loss against Ivory Coast.
Burundi have lost just one of their last five competitive games while picking up three wins and one draw since June 2023.
Burundi vs Senegal Prediction

Following their disappointing opening-day result, Senegal will head into Monday’s clash seeking to secure their first win of the qualifiers.

While Burundi will look to pick up where they left off against Malawi, Cisse's men boast the firepower needed to get the job done and we are backing them to secure all three points

Prediction: Burundi 1-3 Senegal

Burundi vs Senegal Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Senegal to win

Tip 2: First to score - Senegal (Senegal have opened the scoring in their last 10 matches)

Tip 3: Over 10.5 corners - No (There have also been fewer than 11 corner kicks in four of Senegal’s last five matches)

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Senegal
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/burundi-vs-senegal-prediction-betting-tips-september-9th-2024 
 ----- 
