Sign in  Register
COUNTRIES
TOURNAMENTS
NEWS
SENEGAL CLAIM FIRST WIN IN GROUP L
Ismaila Sarr of Senegal celebrates ©Lamine Faye/BackpagePix

by Graeme Jackson

Monday Sep 09, 2024. 17:04

Senegal claimed their first win in Group L of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers when they overcame hosts Burundi 1-0 at the Bingu National Stadium in Lilongwe, Malawi, on Monday afternoon.




The Teranga Lions were frustrated by an opening draw at home to Burkina Faso last Friday – in which they conceded a last-gasp equaliser – but they have put themselves back on track with a victory secured by a second-half penalty from Ismaila Sarr.




The Swallows, meanwhile, are second on the log thanks to their win over Malawi last Thursday. The Stallions and the Flames will meet in Bamako on Tuesday.




Senegal bossed the first half, but found Burundi’s defence a resilient one: the hosts conceded just three shots on target through the first 45 minutes, with goalkeeper Matteo Nkurunziza able to turn the efforts away.




The West Africans, spearheaded by Sadio Mane and Nicolas Jackson in attack, were again unable to find cohesion and fluidity – with this clash mirroring the frustration they endured through much of their 1-1 draw at home to Burkina Faso last Friday.




The Swallows made a double change at the start of the second half, introducing Jean Claude Girumugisha and Aruna Madjaliwa, while Senegal waited until just after the hour mark to throw on Habib Diallo and Iliman Ndiaye to boost their attack.




And the visitors’ duly upped the pressure and were rewarded with a penalty which Ismaila Sarr converted in the 71st minute to break the deadlock.




With just a one-goal lead, Senegal surely had worried about a repeat of their mistake against Burkina Faso, but this time their defence held firm to secure an important three-point haul.




The teams will return to Group L action next month, with Burundi and Senegal facing respective double-headers against Burkina Faso and Malawi respectively.




Burundi 0




Senegal (0) 1 (I. Sarr 71’ pen)




Burundi: Nkurunziza, Muderi, Nsabiyumva, Ndayishimiye (Bukuru 72’), Musore, Kanakimana (Kamsoba 57’), Bigirimana (Mossi 57’), Msanga (Madjaliwa 46’), Eldinho, Jordi (Girumugisha 46’), Ntibazonkiza.




Senegal: E. Mendy, F. Mendy, Koulibaly, Niakhate, Jakobs (M. Diouf 90+2’), I. Sarr, I. Gueye (I. Ndiaye 61’), Camara (P. Sarr 90+2’), P. Gueye, Jackson (H. Diallo 61’), Mane (Sima 90’)





Burundi news page »
Senegal news page »
2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers tournament »






COMMENTS
Sign in with:  	
Sign in to comment
RELATED NEWS
ACN Ethiopia out to silence buoyant DR Congo
ACN Ghana determined to bounce back against Niger
ACN Senegal to take frustration out on Burundi?
ACN Big win for Super Eagles, Cameroon & Mauritania also triumph
ACN Cameroon edge Namibia in Garoua
ACN Super-sub Amar fires Mauritania past Botswana
ACN 2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifying: 7 September 2024
ACN Nigeria crush Benin to go top of Group D
ACN Nigeria headline trio of AFCON qualifiers on Saturday
ACN Mali fight back for a point
ACN Late Bouda goal denies Senegal victory
ACN Egypt & Morocco off to winning starts in AFCON qualifiers
ACN Krasso double sees Ivory Coast to victory
ACN Dominant Egypt prove too strong for Cape Verde
ACN 2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifying: 6 September 2024


TWEETS
African Football @AfrFootball
Tweets by AfrFootball
NEWS
All News
South African News
Cote d'Ivoire News
Egyptian News
Ghana News
Kenyan News
Nigerian News
Zambian News
TOURNAMENTS
2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifiers - Africa
2024/25 CAF Champions League
2024/25 CAF Confederation Cup
Betway Premiership 2024/25
2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers
MORE
Galleries
Polls
ABOUT US
About
Advertise on African Football
Contact Us
© 2024 African Football All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy  Terms and Conditions  Disclaimer  Contact

Site managed by 

X
Important information regarding cookies
By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://africanfootball.com/news/820922/Senegal-claim-first-win-in-Group-L 
 ----- 
