Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
New York Mets Slugger Pete Alonso Makes History By Hitting 45th Home Run of Season
Pete Alonso reached the 45-homer mark on the second time in his career Friday night, joining Ryan Howard and Prince Fielder in the history books.
Sam Connon | Sep 16, 2023
New York Mets Slugger Pete Alonso Makes History By Hitting 45th Home Run of Season /
In this story:
New York Mets

New York Mets slugger Pete Alonso went deep against the Cincinnati Reds on Friday, reaching a major milestone and making history in the process.

Alonso's 425-foot three-run home run tied the score at 3-3 in the sixth inning, although the Mets went on to lose 5-3. Still, Alonso cracked 45 home runs on the season with his towering shot to left-center.

According to TSN's StatsCentre, Alonso became the fourth player in MLB history to reach 45 homers multiple times in his first five seasons. 

Pittsburgh Pirates left fielder Ralph Kiner was the first player to achieve the feat – doing so three times between 1946 and 1950 – and he stood alone in the history books until Philadelphia Phillies first baseman Ryan Howard joined him in 2009. Milwaukee Brewers first baseman Prince Fielder broke into the group in 2010, and no one else had done it since until Alonso on Friday.

Alonso hit 53 home runs as a rookie in 2019, but only 16 in 2020 as a result of the COVID-shortened season. If he had played 161 games that season – which is the mark he reached the year before – Alonso was on pace for 45 homers in his second season as well.

In 2021, Alonso hit 37 home runs, then he crushed an even 40 the following season.

With two weeks left in his fifth MLB campaign, Alonso has 191 home runs and 492 RBI to go along with his .254 batting average, .880 OPS and 17.7 WAR.

Alonso passed Milwaukee Braves third baseman Eddie Matthews on the list of most home runs through five seasons with his 191st career shot Friday, moving him into sole possession of third place. Kiner has the most with 215, while St. Louis Cardinals first baseman Albert Pujols sits in second with 201 having played 121 more games than Alonso.

Alonso and the Mets will try to avenge their loss to the Reds in game two of the weekend series Saturday. First pitch is scheduled for 7:10 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more New York Mets coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Mets.

Published Sep 16, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/new-york-mets-slugger-pete-alonso-makes-history-by-hitting-45th-home-run-of-season 
 ----- 
