Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
Celebrities
Sofia Vergara's ex, Joe Manganiello and Caitlin O'Connor were spotted leaving a gym

Joe and Caitlin may not have made their relationship official.

Joe and Caitlin are only 'casually' seeing.AP
ROBERTO ORTEGA
Actualizado 15/09/2023 - 18:18 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email

Actor and now Sofia Vergara's ex, 46-year-old Joe Manganiello, was spotted leaving the gym with 33-year-old actress and model Caitlin O'Connor.

They were spotted leaving Gold's Gym in Venice, California in their workout attire.

Joe and Caitlin may not have made their relationship official. Their initial meeting took place at the screening party for the second season of the hit HBO series, "Winning Time," in which Caitlin impressively plays a young Dyan Cannon.

This budding connection adds an intriguing layer to the drama unfolding both on and off screen, leaving fans curious about the potential romance in the future.

Watch: Caitlin O'Connor and Celisa Franco have a fun time even while falling on the floor

Caitlin O'Connor and Celisa Franco have a fun time even while falling on the floorRoberto Ortega

TMZ claimed that Joe and Caitlin are only 'casually' seeing each other and are not officially dating yet.

Joe and Sofia - who tied the knot in 2015 - announced their separation in July after seven years of marriage.

MORE in MARCA
Brittany Maho...
Marca
Bill Clint on sec...
Marca

A mere two days after publicly revealing their separation, the True Blood actor wasted no time and officially filed for divorce. In the legal documents, the actor specified their date of separation as July 2 and cited 'irreconcilable differences' as the reason behind the dissolution of their marriage.

This swift legal action emphasizes the finality of their decision and marks the beginning of a new chapter in their lives.

Celebrities - English
CelebritiesSofia Vergara responds to Bad Bunny's compliment on social media
CelebritiesKim Kardashian celebrates her 43rd birthday looking great in a lace red dress
CelebritiesSofia Vergara flirts back with Bad Bunny after musical compliment
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
De nieuwe Nissan Qashqai uit voorr...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/celebrities/2023/09/16/6504e4e1e2704e71868b45a2.html 
 ----- 
