Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Los Angeles Angels
Longtime MLB reporter believes Shohei Ohtani's next team could be the Boston Red Sox

The Los Angeles Angeles two-way MVP might be leaving in the offseason.

Shohei Ohtani warms up before playing at Fenway Park.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
15/09/2023 - 22:11 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Angels vs. Rays to debut MLB's virtual ballpark in regular season
MLB. Former Yankees star calls Alex Rodriguez a "rat" for snitching on friends

Since making the move to MLB from Japan, Shohei Ohtani's legend has exponentially continued to grow with each passing day.

Now in his sixth season, Ohtani is on the verge of adding a second AL MVP award to his resume. His numbers this season are already historic, but they would've been even more so were it not for a torn UCL that will likely require surgery in the offseason.

Despite his injury status, Ohtani will be possibly the most sought-after free agent the league has ever seen once his contract ends this Fall. No one knows whether Ohtani will want to stay in L.A. or search for greener pastures. But according to Peter Gammons, Ohtani could be on his way to Boston soon.

Gammons has been covering baseball for over 50 years, so his reporting is not something to take with a grain of salt. Boston is one of the biggest markets in the country and the Red Sox are one of the most successful franchises in MLB.

With the Red Sox going through a disappointing under-.500 season and manager Alex Cora possibly transitioning to a different role, Boston will want to make a splash this upcoming offseason. Signing Ohtani would surely qualify.

The clearest MVP
Shohei Ohtani received his 2021 American League Most Valuable Player awardAP
MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Jennifer Anisto...
Marca

Ohtani's numbers in 2023 have been utterly amazing. He's slashing .304/.412/.654 with 44 home runs and 95 RBI, as well as 20 stolen bases. And that's just the hitting portion.

On the mound, Ohtani had started 23 games, winning 10 of them and sporting a 3.14 ERA and 1.06 WHIP with 167 strikeouts. The UCL injury shut his pitching down for the year, but Ohtani is aiming for a return to the plate very soon following an oblique injury.

MLB - English
Los Angeles Angels - English
Boston Red Sox - English
Shohei Ohtani - English
Los Angeles AngelsRed alert in Anaheim: Angels could trade Mike Trout this winter
MLBAngels vs. Rays to debut MLB's virtual ballpark in regular season
Boston Red SoxRed Sox fire team president Chaim Bloom after 4 years on the job
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Jennifer Garner's boyfriend John...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Hét moment om te gaan voor de Nis...
Nissan Qashqai
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/los-angeles-angels/2023/09/16/65051c78268e3ea7328b4572.html 
 ----- 
