MAUI NEWS
×
News
Sports
Opinion
Entertainment
Obituaries
Memoriams
Jobs
Classifieds
TV
Print Ad Directory
Public Notices
Contact Information
Submit News
NEWS SPORTS OPINION OBITUARIES JOBS CLASSIFIEDS PLACE NOTICE
January 10, 2025 | Today's Paper | Submit News | Subscribe Today | Login
Mavericks guard Kyrie Irving out due to bulging disk in his back, no timeline for return
LOCAL SPORTS

JAN 7, 2025

 

Dallas Mavericks' Kyrie Irving (11) is defended by Houston Rockets' Dillon Brooks during the first half of an NBA basketball game Wednesday, Jan. 1, 2025, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip)

MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Dallas guard Kyrie Irving is expected to miss one to two weeks with a bulging disk in his back, and Mavericks coach Jason Kidd said a timeline for his return was not immediately known.

Kidd, speaking before the Mavericks take on the Memphis Grizzlies on Monday night, didn’t shed much light on the injury or when Irving could return.

“He’s out, so there’s nothing I can speculate or comment (on),” Kidd said. “It’s been reported he’s out a week or two.”

When asked a timeline for Irving’s recovery, Kidd said: “Give me 48 hours to get that answer.”

Irving is the Mavericks’ second-leading scorer at 25.6 points per game, shooting close to 50% from the field, including 41.1% from 3-point range.

Irving’s injury is yet another blow to the Dallas attack.

Leading scorer Luka Doncic, who is averaging 28.1 points, 8.3 rebounds and 7.8 assists, is also out Monday, missing his sixth game due to a left calf strain.

With Irving and Doncic out, the Dallas offense is missing 52.4 points per game.

“It’s important for everyone in uniform,” Kidd said of making up the scoring shortage. “Being short-handed, it’s the next-man-up mentality. … We can’t replace Luka or Ky, so it’s going to take a team effort.”

Dallas is 20-15 and enters Monday’s game in third place in the Southwest Division, three games behind first place Houston.

NEWSLETTER
Today's breaking news and more in your inbox
Email(Required)
I'm interested in (please check all that apply)(Required)
 Daily Newsletter
 Breaking News
 Obituaries
Are you a paying subscriber to the newspaper?(Required)
 Yes
 No
LOCAL SPORTS
A trip to the CFP title game is on the line when Notre Dame and Penn State meet in the Orange Bowl
Sony Open starts the race for fewer PGA Tour players to keep their jobs
At the end of another stellar season, Ravens’ Lamar Jackson will still face doubters in the playoffs
Texas and Ohio State arrive for CFP semifinal at Cotton Bowl ahead of a winter storm
Cavaliers beat Thunder 129-122 to end OKC’s 15-game winning streak in matchup of NBA’s top teams
Independent streak helped build Notre Dame into football’s historic and now modern behemoth
MOST READ
4 articles remaining...

Only $99/year
Subscribe Today
NEWS
Local News
Obituaries
Business
SPORTS
Local Sports
Sports Spotlight
Hawaii Sports
National Sports
OPINION
Editorial
Letters to the Editor
Columns
CONTACT
Submit News
Advertise
Contact Us

Copyright © Maui News | https://www.mauinews.com | 100 Mahalani Street, Wailuku, HI 96793 | 808-242-6363
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mauinews.com/sports/local-sports/2025/01/mavericks-guard-kyrie-irving-out-due-to-bulging-disk-in-his-back-no-timeline-for-return/ 
 ----- 
