LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
PAK vs NZ, 2nd T20I | New Zealand beats Pakistan by 21 runs, leads 5-match series 2-0
Pakistan stumbled in the second half of its innings and was bowled out for 173 in the 20th over

Updated - January 14, 2024 06:43 pm IST - Hamilton (New Zealand)

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

New Zealand players celebrate the wicket of Pakistan’s Iftikhar Ahmed during the T20 cricket international between New Zealand and Pakistan in Hamilton, New Zealand on Jan. 14, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

New Zealand overcame the loss of its captain in an innings that faltered late to beat Pakistan by 21 runs in the second Twenty20 International on January 14, taking a 2-0 lead in the five-match series.

The Black Caps failed to build on the foundation of the first half of its innings, making 194 for eight batting first after being 111 for one at the end of 10 overs. The batting slump followed captain Kane Williamson retiring hurt after 10 overs with a tight hamstring.

Pakistan also stumbled in the second half of its innings and was bowled out for 173 in the 20th over.

 NZ vs PAK first T20I | Mitchell, Williamson, Southee propel New Zealand’s win over Pakistan

Williamson is making a managed return from a serious knee injury and New Zealand would fear any setback to his rehabilitation. But, while he didn't field, Williamson was still padded up and apparently prepared to bat at the end of the New Zealand innings.

Finn Allen's 74 from 41 balls set a cracking pace early on in the New Zealand innings. Allen put on 59 in 5.1 overs with Devon Conway (20) for the first wicket and 52 in 4.9 overs with Williamson before the Kiwi captain retired hurt on 26.

The innings began to falter at that point and New Zealand lost three for 35 between the 11th and 16th overs. Allen was out at 137 for two, then Daryl Mitchell fell at 147 and Mark Chapman followed at 157 as the innings began to trend sharply downwards.

Mitchell Santner made a bright 25 before being wastefully run out as New Zealand lost its last seven wickets for 55 runs.

“It was a good surface which we've come to expect here at Sedden Park and the way Finn Allen and the boys at the top set it up was very pleasing,” New Zealand's stand-in captain Tim Southee said. “But Pakistan pulled it back well and the two innings were quite similar in a way.” New Zealand was relieved Pakistan also produced an innings of two halves. It looked well on course to level the series when Babar Azam and Fakhar Zaman made half-centuries in an 87-run partnership for the third wicket.

Fakhar reached his half-century from 23 balls with three fours and five sixes and seemed likely to follow Allen in providing the impetus for a substantial innings. But, he was out at that score and the onus once again fell on Babar to guide Pakistan home.

He made 57 and was the anchor of Pakistan's innings in the first international at Auckland on Friday when the tourists fell 46 runs short in a demanding run chase.

Babar followed his 31st T20 international half-century with his 32nd on January 14, again as the bulwark of the Pakistan batting.

But, he fell for 66 to the first ball of the 18th over when Pakistan was 153-5, needing 42 from the last 18 balls.

He was out to the bowling of speedster Ben Sears as he was in the first match and his dismissal again heralded the beginning of the end for Pakistan.

Sears, Adam Milne and Southee helped New Zealand put the brakes on Pakistan at the end of its innings. Milne took four for 33, Sears two for 28, Southee two for 31 and Ish Sodhi took two for 33 after conceding 19 runs from his first over.

“Milne was outstanding with the ball and Sears is a young guy who shows a lot of character at this level,” Southee said. “I think Ish Sodhi shouldn't be overlooked in his effort to come back and get two vital wickets for us.”

Published - January 14, 2024 05:13 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Twenty20

Most Popular
T.M. Krishna’s Christmas morning concert draws a huge turnout
Are former Prime Ministers mandated memorials? | Explained
BJP leader and Maharashtra Minister Nitesh Rane’s ‘mini Pakistan’ remark draws flak in Kerala
Does RSS support BJP's 'wrongdoings'? Arvind Kejriwal asks Mohan Bhagwat
‘Kannappa’: First look of Preity Mukundhan as Princess Nemali out
OpenAI whistleblower Suchir Balaji's mother alleges 'murder', demands FBI investigation into his death
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
India vs Australia Live , 2nd Test Day 2 
News 
Live news 
Latest cricket news 
RBI Monetary Policy Committee 
Delhi Chalo march 
Pushpa 2 review 
Bengaluru metro’s Pink Line to be opened by December 2025 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/pak-vs-nz-2nd-t20i-new-zealand-beats-pakistan-by-21-runs-leads-5-match-series-2-0/article67740548.ece 
 ----- 
