 
Latest News
National
Sports
World
Business
Entertainment
Technology
Health
Today's Paper
Top Story
Opinion
Newspost
Editorial
Magazines
TNS
Instep
Money Matters
YOU
US
Writer's Archive
Sports
Pak vs NZ: Pakistan win toss, opt to bowl in second T20I against Black Caps
Men in Green announce unchanged playing XI from first match which they lost by 46 runs
By Sports Desk
January 14, 2024
Pakistan skipper Shaheen Shah Afridi (right) and New Zealand skipper Kane Williamson (left) during the toss at Seddon Park, Hamilton on January 14, 2024. — X/PCB

HAMILTON: Pakistan skipper Shaheen Shah Afridi decided to bowl first after winning the toss in the second T20I match against New Zealand at Seddon Park, Hamilton on Sunday.

The Men in Green announced an unchanged playing XI from the first match which they lost by 46 runs. 

On the other hand, the Black Caps replaced Matt Henry with Mitchell Santner, who was ruled out of the first T20I with a last-minute injury.

The home side possesses a 1-0 lead for the five-match T20I series.


"Abbas [Afridi] debut was a positive sign, hope he continues in that manner. We have to improve more in fielding, this wicket looks fine, ground measurement is decent and this match will be good, going with an unchanged team," Shaheen said after winning the toss.

New Zealand's skipper, Kane Williamson, confirmed the inclusion of the left-arm off-spinner Santner.

"I thought the first half was good, bowlers executed their plans well. We start again and go back to what's in front of us, different venues and different conditions. Mitchell Santner comes in for Matt Henry," Williamson said.

The Green Shirts disappointingly started the five-match series as they were beaten by the Kiwis in a one-sided encounter in Auckland on Friday.

Despite a brilliant start provided by Saim Ayub’s remarkable knock as the left-handed batter scored 27 off just 8, the Green Shirts crumbled in their chase and couldn’t convert that into a win.

Fakhar Zaman (15 off 10), Iftikhar Ahmed (24 off 17) and Azam Khan (10 off 9) were the Men in Green’s underperformers with the bat.

Meanwhile, former skipper Babar Azam top-scored for the losing side by scoring 57 runs off 35 balls but his efforts were not enough in front of the mammoth target set by the Black Caps.

Tim Southee, who completed his 150th T20I wicket, picked three wickets while Adam Milne and Ben Sears got two each.

Meanwhile, for New Zealand, Daryl Mitchell and Kane Williamson were New Zealand’s best performers with the bat as the two scored 57 and 61 runs respectively.

Williamson was given a life at 11 as he was dropped by Babar Azam. The Kiwi skipper took full advantage of the chance and ended up scoring a fantastic half-century.

Although the 33-year-old didn’t play with a massive strike rate (135.71), he did manage to provide room for other players like Finn Allen (35 off 15) and Mitchell (61 off 27) who breathe fire with their bat and scored runs with the strike rates of 233 and 255 respectively.

Playing XIs

Pakistan: Mohammad Rizwan, Saim Ayub, Babar Azam, Fakhar Zaman, Iftikhar Ahmed, Azam Khan (wk), Aamer Jamal, Usama Mir, Shaheen Afridi (c), Abbas Afridi, Haris Rauf

New Zealand: Finn Allen, Devon Conway (wk), Kane Williamson (c), Daryl Mitchell, Glenn Phillips, Mark Chapman, Mitchell Santner, Adam Milne, Tim Southee, Ish Sodhi, Ben Sears


Newcastle's Isak, Joelinton leave Manchester United with 4th consecutive loss
MCG attendance record shattered during fourth India vs Australia Test
Australia take seven wickets after tea to beat India in Melbourne
Babar Azam among nominees for ICC Men's T20I Cricketer of the Year award
South Africa defeat Pakistan by two wickets in first Test
Pacers help Pakistan take control as South Africa lose three wickets in 148-run chase
Saim Ayub nominated for ICC Men's Emerging Cricketer of the Year 2024
Cristiano Ronaldo lambasts Ballon d'Or over Vinicius Jr snub
Pak vs SA: Proteas take command after Green Shirts lose three wickets
Harsh weather results in two deaths during Sydney to Hobart yacht race
First Test: Markram fights back as South Africa lose three after Pakistan's 211
VIDEO: Virat Kohli faces fine, online backlash for shouldering Konstas
Pakistan to ease visa policy for cricket fans during Champions Trophy 2025

Information minister lauds performance of Pakistan Cricket Board

Preparations in full swing as runners look forward to Karachi Marathon

Karachi Marathon, which is scheduled for Jan 5, 2025, is an event that placed Pakistan on int'l marathon map

Centurion Test: Babar Azam marks return as Pakistan unveil playing XI

Former skipper last represented Pakistan in all-white against England in October

After historic ODI victory, Pakistan set for South Africa Tests challenge

Test squad seen return of experienced pacer Mohammad Abbas, Khurram Shahzad

Pakistani batting duo Saim Ayub, Agha Salman climb up in ICC ODI rankings

Skipper Mohammad Rizwan rises three places, advancing from 24th to 21st

PSB reforms likely to face backlash from POA, affiliated federations

Sports bodies will seek advice from respective international federations and act accordingly, says POA official

Copyright © 2025. The News International, All Rights Reserved | Contact Us | Authors
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thenews.com.pk/latest/1147771-pak-vs-nz-pakistan-win-toss-opt-to-bowl-in-second-t20i-against-black-caps 
 ----- 
