Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
GTA
Shake Shack will finally open its doors in Toronto. Here’s what’s on the menu

Twenty years after first opening in New York City, there are now more than 300 locations in America as well as outposts in countries such as China, Mexico and Turkey.

Updated June 11, 2024 at 4:26 p.m.
June 10, 2024
3 min read
Save

The classic smash burger and ShackMeister ale from Bellwoods Brewery at Shake Shack, which opens its first Canadian location on June 13.

Nick Lachance Toronto Star
By Karon LiuFood Reporter

No longer will Torontonians have to hop on a flight to the U.S. for a taste of Shake Shack. This Thursday morning, the popular burger joint is opening its first Canadian location at Yonge and Dundas, 20 years after the smash burger and crinkle fry joint opened its first location at a New York City park.

“The logistics of entering the market with the right food and suppliers; that’s what took a lot of time (to open here) even though Canada is so close,” said Shake Shack culinary director Jim Frisch at the Monday afternoon preview of the 135-seat, two-floor restaurant inside the former Adidas flagship store. 

All the famous menu items are here such as the all-beef smash burger ($8.49 for a single patty); the fried portobello burger stuffed with melted muenster and cheddar cheese ($10.99); the fried chicken sandwich ($9.49); the Vienna beef hot dogs ($5.99); the frozen custards cups ($4.99 for a small), milkshakes ($6.49); and fries ($4.49), crinkle cut to maximize its surface area and ensure the ridges can pick up as much cheese sauce as possible. 

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Shake Shack’s crinkle cut fries with cheese sauce, and a Fifty/Fifty drink of half lemonade, half unsweetened iced tea from Pluck Teas.

Nick Lachance Toronto Star

For the Canadian opening, the chain paired with local suppliers such as Pluck Tea for the iced tea ($2.99 for a small), Liberty Village’s Brodflour to make a butter tart frozen custard ($6.49); and Chocosol for a frozen chocolate custard blended with brownies and fudge sauce ($6.49). While the menu isn’t fully halal, Frisch said the beef from Beretta Farms is. 

The Toronto location will also have a special milkshake called The Salted Maple Pretzel Shake: vanilla custard blended with salted pretzels and maple syrup topped with whipped cream and crushed pretzels ($7.29).

Shake Shack is known for being a burger place that serves alcohol. It paired with local winery Rosewood Wines from Lincoln, Ont., to make a can of dry Riesling as well as a can of a Cabernet Sauvignon and Cabernet Franc mix ($11.99 for an 8.4 oz can). Indie beer heavyweight Bellwoods Brewery came out with an exclusive can called ShackMeister Ale ($7.99 for a 473 ml can), which is the Canadian version of an existing ale of the same name available at the U.S. locations (there, it’s brewed by Brooklyn Brewery). This one has bright bitter notes, a strong hoppy flavour and a bold citrus finish.

The Toronto location will have a special milkshake: vanilla custard blended with salted pretzels and maple syrup, and topped with whipped cream and crushed pretzels for $7.29.

Nick Lachance Toronto Star

“The objective is to replicate the food in the U.S. as best we can,” Frisch said. “The suppliers and ingredients in Canada are spectacular — the dairy, the beef — so why wouldn’t we incorporate it? A lot of countries like Hong Kong and Singapore don’t have the ability to supply beef like Canada does, so we can’t do the same in every country.”

Like the American locations, the Canadian Shake Shack uses potato buns from Martin’s Famous Potato Rolls, the Pennsylvania-based supplier whose bread is lauded for having the ideal squishy texture and slightly sweet flavour. Martin’s faced a backlash in 2022 after news that its executive chair donated to a far-right political candidate’s campaign, prompting restaurants and chefs in the U.S. to drop the company, but Shake Shack stayed on.

Frisch said the incident was “unfortunate.” 

The company later sent a statement to the Star, saying “in regards to the actions of the individuals associated with the Martin’s company and their personal political donations — those are the choices of those individuals and do not express the values of Shake Shack.”

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

While Toronto has a slew of chef-led burger spots since the craft burger trend ballooned in the late 2000s, Canadians are still curious about Shake Shack because of its unconventional start and ties to one of the most exclusive restaurants in The Big Apple.

Canada’s first Shake Shack is at Yonge and Dundas, where the Adidas store used to be.

Nick Lachance Toronto Star

It originally began as a hot dog cart in New York City’s Madison Square Park in 2001. It was launched by Danny Meyer, the restaurateur best known for Michelin-starred fine-dining restaurant Eleven Madison Park across the street.

Its popularity, and the novelty of ordering street food prepared by a high-end culinary team, led to opening a brick-and-mortar location in 2004. Today, there are more than 300 locations in the U.S.A. and more than 175 outposts in countries such as China, Mexico, U.A.E., Japan, the U.K. and Turkey. Canada marks the 20th country Shake Shack has opened in. While there is no announcement on where else within Canada Shake Shack will be opening, the plan is to open 35 more locations in the next 10 years.

Editor’s Note – June 11, 2024

This article was updated to include a statement from Shake Shack regarding Martin’s.

Karon Liu is a Toronto-based food reporter for the Star. Reach him via email: karonliu@thestar.ca.

Related Stories
Here’s when Shake Shack will open in Toronto, and what’s exclusive on the menu for Canada
Canada’s 100 Best Restaurants list for 2024 is here. These Toronto-area dining spots made the cut
We ate at Toronto’s New Ho King, the spot Kendrick Lamar name-dropped. Here’s what to order
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
15 hrs ago
STAR EXCLUSIVE
A boy created AI-generated porn with the faces of girls he knew. Why Toronto police said he didn’t break the law
11 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Shannon Gormley: Canada’s fake feminist prime minister is running out of women to use as props
7 hrs ago
REAL ESTATE
‘Modern masterpiece’: This $16.5-million Bridle Path home has a theatre, elevator — and 10 parking spots
10 hrs ago
AUTOS
The best compact car just got better. And it’s now available as a hybrid
13 hrs ago
OPINION
Jordan Himelfarb: My dad used to run Canada’s public service. As the Star’s opinion editor, I asked him what he got wrong, how he turned left — and why he keeps needling me about my work
7 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Justin Ling: The joke is over for the leader of the Rhinoceros Party of Canada
9 hrs ago
UNITED STATES
Trailblazing Canadian model Dayle Haddon dies from suspected carbon monoxide poisoning
2 hrs ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More News
GTA
At Toronto’s ‘Museum of Bad Gifts,’ where unwanted presents are ‘another person’s treasure’
Article was updated 3 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
Motorcyclist dead after collision in York Region, police seek witnesses
Article was updated 2 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
Fireworks, skating and New Year’s Eve parties: Here’s where you can ring in 2025 in Toronto
Article was updated 5 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
‘This is just so heartbreaking’: Danforth community mourns well-known homeless woman who died over frigid weekend
Article was updated 2 hrs ago
Comments
GTA
Man charged with assault, arson after two-alarm apartment fire in Etobicoke
Article was updated 5 hrs ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After 8 months on market and $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/news/gta/shake-shack-will-finally-open-its-doors-in-toronto-heres-whats-on-the-menu/article_dcaee3c4-275e-11ef-a16b-a78a4a8973e9.html 
 ----- 
