Skip to main content
National
National Teams
MNT
WNT
Become a Mascot
Play
Play and Participate
Women and girls football
Safeguarding
Players
Coaches
Referees
Volunteers
Leagues and clubs
Football Pathways Plan
In Her Boots in Partnership with AVIVA
My Club
Run my Club
Fund my club
Facilities
Club Licensing and Monitoring
Club Mark
Club Resources
Menu
Latest
Tickets
Shop
Library
About
FAI Connect
Careers
Fan Republic
LOI
Competitions
Search
WNT Season Tickets Waitlist
Safeguarding
Match Report | Finland 1-2 Republic of Ireland - Brady late winner

Oct 10 2024

The Republic of Ireland secured their first away win in the UEFA Nations League campaign with a late strike from Robbie Brady, who fired home late for a 2-1 win against Finland in Helsinki.

Ireland went behind with Pohjanpalo scoring for the home side in the first-half but second-half goals from Liam Scales and Sky Player of the Match Brady secured the win for the Boys in Green. 

Ireland created the first chance of the contest with Azaz’s dangerous ball to Szmodics at the back post that was cleared in the area by Ståhl. Caoimhin Kelleher was called into action to make his first save in the 14th minute when a long-range effort from Walta saw the Irish keeper getting down at his near post to stop the effort. 

Finland was to score in the 17th minute when a short pass from Collins was intercepted by Pohjanpalo who stuck a low hard effort past Kelleher to the bottom right-hand corner.

Ireland was to have a goal ruled out as a Robbie Brady free-kick saw Collins knock the ball back to Ferguson who did score from close range but it was ruled that the ball went out of play so it was disallowed. Robbie Brady had a shot blocked en route to goal by Hoskonen following a clever corner routine that saw the midfielders' effort on the edge of the box cleared. This was followed by another opportunity for Pohjanpalo for the home side whose low effort was saved comfortably.

Azaz had an attempt on goal in the 41st minute following a good through-ball from Ferguson but the effort was saved by Hradecky. Ireland had their best chance to equalise with two chances in quick succession just before half-time when Szmodics’s cross to Ferguson was met nearly met on the second ball by Collins, following that Ferguson forced a great save from Hradecky with his low strike put behind for a corner.

Jason Knight forced Hradecky into a stop in the opening stages of the second half as Ireland upped the attacking tempo. The away side continued to press high and created their best chance of the night following a Brady corner; a Liam Scales header was latched on by Szmodics with his effort saved by Hradecky at close range.

Ireland was to pull level in the 57th minute when an inch-perfect cross from Brady was met by the on-rushing Liam Scales who beat Hradecky by placing the ball to the far corner, the first international goal for the Celtic defender. 

Finland nearly put themselves back in front in the 62nd minute as Kamara latched onto a short Pohjanpalo pass but his curling effort just went wide. Kelleher was called into action once again as Ståhl sent in a dangerous cross into the Irish area with Kelleher having to get down low to save at his near post despite the best and close attention of Pohjanpalo.

Källman went close for the home side late in the second half as the Finnish striker rose highest at the back post to meet a free kick that saw his effort flashing across the face of the goal. 

Almost immediately from that opportunity, Ireland was to take the lead in the 88th minute when a terrific cross from Ebosele was met by Robbie Brady at the back-post, who composed himself to take the ball down in the area and smash the ball to the top of the net to seal the win for Ireland. 

This was the first time since 2011 that Ireland has come from behind to win away from home and now they will travel to Athens for the second match in this international window where they face Greece. 

Finland: Hradecky (GK), Galvez, Ivanov, Hoskonen, Kamara, Lod, Schüller (Peltola 64), Ståhl, Pohjanpalo (Pukki 77), Keskinen (Antman 64), Walta (Källman 77).

Subs not used: Joronen (GK), Sinisalo (GK), Jensen, Suhonen, Tenho, Nissilä, Alho, Uronen, Källman.

Republic of Ireland: Kelleher (GK), Scales, O'Shea, Cullen, Szmodics (Idah 80), Ferguson (Parrott 70), Brady, Azaz (McGrath 70), Knight, Ogbene (Ebosele 80), Collins.

Subs not used: O'Leary (GK), Travers (GK), McGuinness, Omobamidele, Molumby, McAteer, Taylor, Johnston.

Booked: None

Sent Off: None

Player of the Match: Robbie Brady

Referee: Aleksandar Stavrev (MKD)

Related News

Hallgrímsson & O'Shea spread some Christmas cheer at CHI Crumlin

FIFA World Cup 26 Qualifying Fixture schedule confirmed

FAI welcomes Expressions of Interest for a new National League

FAI Statement

Expressions of Interest for the 2025/26 UEFA Pro Licence opened

Ireland Colleges & Universities set for French test

Ireland Women's Under-17s & Under-19s discover next opponents

FAI General Assembly endorses Aligned Football Calendar

View all related news
View all related news
Play and participate
Play Football
Coach
Referee
Volunteer
Shop now — Official Ireland kit and merchandise
Shop now
Shop now
Get closer to the action with LOITV
Watch now
Watch now
Club Ireland — Experience it all and gain benefits
Subscribe now
Subscribe now
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy
Cookies
Legal
Safeguarding
Sport Ireland
Accessibility

© 2024 Football Association of Ireland

Made by Limegreentangerine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fai.ie/latest/match-report-finland-1-2-republic-ireland-brady-late-winner/ 
 ----- 
