30 December, 2024 (Monday)

 Latest Updates  Web Stories  Shots

Today's E-Paper

Mid-day Gujarati Inquilab Mid-day Hindi
SUBSCRIBE
 Mumbai News Entertainment Celebrity Life Sports Lifestyle Photos Podcast Timepass Sunday Mid-Day Mumbai Guide Videos Events
Yearenders Bigg Boss 18 Mid-Day Gold Bollywood News Crime News City News Horoscope Careers at Mid-Day
Breaking News
Dust storm in West Asia is making Mumbai air quality worse
Check that medicine again: Probe reveals how fake companies are flooding market with ineffective tablets with no active pharmaceutical ingredient
Cuffe Parade: Residents allege illegal workshops have taken over plots meant for school and playground
Police bust inter state Ponzi scheme, arrest key accused from Kolkata
Central Railway experiments with Japan model for saving water in trains
Dust storm in West Asia is making Mumbai air quality worse
Check that medicine again: Probe reveals how fake companies are flooding market with ineffective tablets with no active pharmaceutical ingredient
Cuffe Parade: Residents allege illegal workshops have taken over plots meant for school and playground
Police bust inter state Ponzi scheme, arrest key accused from Kolkata
Central Railway experiments with Japan model for saving water in trains
Dust storm in West Asia is making Mumbai air quality worse
Check that medicine again: Probe reveals how fake companies are flooding market with ineffective tablets with no active pharmaceutical ingredient
Cuffe Parade: Residents allege illegal workshops have taken over plots meant for school and playground
Police bust inter state Ponzi scheme, arrest key accused from Kolkata
Central Railway experiments with Japan model for saving water in trains
Home > Mumbai > Mumbai News > Article > Raj Thackeray meeting Amit Shah is not surprising says NCP Sharad Pawar faction
'Raj Thackeray meeting Amit Shah is not surprising,' says NCP Sharad Pawar faction

Updated on: 19 March,2024 03:22 PM IST  |  Mumbai
mid-day online correspondent |

Share:    Linked Follow Us notifi
Text    
Top

Thackeray's MNS have been dwindling and the meeting Amit Shah could salvage him and protect his party, NCP (SP) spokesperson claimed

Raj Thackeray. File pic

The Nationalist Congress Party (Sharadchandra Pawar) on Tuesday said that Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief, Raj Thackeray meeting Union Minister Amit Shah was not surprising as there already were indications that the two parties could ally.

ADVERTISEMENT

Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 2.01%
Fullscreen



Raj Thackeray has been under the scanner of central agencies and he has been trying to save his party, NCP (SP) spokesperson Clyde Crasto claimed, reported PTI. The fortunes of Thackeray's MNS have been dwindling and the meeting Amit Shah could salvage him and protect his party, the leader of the Sharad Pawar-led NCP further claimed, the report added.




Raj Thackeray on Tuesday along with his son, Amit Thackeray, met Union Home Minister Amit Shah in Delhi, amid the speculations that MNS could ally with the BJP ahead of the Lok Sabha elections.




Though, Raj Thackeray never said openly about the party's closeness with BJP, Maharashtra's Deputy Chief Minister Devendra Fadnavis has been claiming lately that the two parties are in talks, but had not confirmed alliance.

However, the MNS chief meeting Amit Shah in Delhi on Tuesday, has given signs that MNS is most likely to join hands with the BJP-led pre-poll alliance for the Lok Sabha elections.

Raj Thackeray left for New Delhi on Monday evening to meet the BJP high command. In the national capital, Devendra Fadnavis and Maharashtra BJP President Chandrashekhar Bawankule had already reached the party headquarters for a meeting with the core committee of Amit Shah and the party's national president JP Nadda.

In Mumbai, the MNS chief was visited recently by senior BJP leaders. MNS could be given a couple of seats to contest, including Mumbai South. MNS leader Avinash Jadhav told a news channel that in addition to Mumbai, Pune, Nashik and Thane would also be discussed.

Notably, Raj Thackeray, cousin of Shiv Sene (UBT) chief Uddhav Thackeray, in 2019 had targeted PM Modi and Amit Shah through a 'fact-check' campaign. BJP had devised a counter-campaign to check Raj who had no official candidate in the Lok Sabha fray and yet chose to hold independent rallies across the state.

However, the campaign did not have any impact as the BJP and undivided Shiv Sena alliance ended up winning 42 out of 48 seats in 2019 Lok Sabha in Maharashtra. 

(With PTI inputs)

"Exciting news! Mid-day is now on WhatsApp Channels  Subscribe today by clicking the link and stay updated with the latest news!" Click here!

Share
raj thackeray sharad pawar 2024 lok sabha elections maharashtra mumbai news amit shah BJP maharashtra navnirman sena
CLICK HERE TO REUSE THIS CONTENT
Register for FREE
to continue reading !
This is not a paywall.
However, your registration helps us understand your preferences better and enables us to provide insightful and credible journalism for all our readers.
REGISTER NOW REMIND ME LATER
Next Story : Fishing Boat Sinks Off Mumbai Coast After Collision With Another Boat; Three Rescued

>

Mid-Day Web Stories
View all

ADVERTISEMENT

More Stories
End 2024 on a musical note with this qawwali and khayal concert in Mumbai
Medicines with no medicines in them
Retracing Rudyard Kipling's link with Mumbai
Are you a Taylor Swift fan? End your year with this party in Mumbai
EXCLUSIVE
Nitish Reddy's sister reveals sleepless 24 hours following historic maiden ton
LIVE Blog
Mumbai News LIVE Updates: Accused detained in alleged stabbing incident in Mahim

ADVERTISEMENT



Top Authors

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow Us:      Download Our App:  
Mumbai
Mumbai News
Mumbai Crime News
Mumbai Rains
News
India News
World News
Offbeat
Opinion
Entertainment
Bollywood News
Hollywood News
Web Series
Television News
Regional Indian Cinema News
Sports
Cricket
Football
Other Sports
Lifestyle
Horoscope
Relationships
Health & Fitness
Fashion
Food
Travel
Culture
Timepass
Polls
Quiz
Comics
Crosswords
Sudoku
Manjul
Sunday Midday
Technology News
Opinion
Authors
Gujarati News
Hindi News
Urdu News
Radio City
Mumbai Guide
Mumbai Food
Things to do
Famous Personalities
About Us Advertise With Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Investor Relations Contact Us RSS  Sitemap Grievance Redressal
Kindly mail us your feedback at feedback@mid-day.com
Copyright © 2024 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookie or similar technologies, to enhance your browsing experience and provide personalised recommendations. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
OK
Notifications Powered by 
iZooto
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mid-day.com/mumbai/mumbai-news/article/raj-thackeray-meeting-amit-shah-is-not-surprising-ncp-sharad-pawar-23340643 
 ----- 
