30 December, 2024 (Monday)

 Latest Updates  Web Stories  Shots

Today's E-Paper

Mid-day Gujarati Inquilab Mid-day Hindi
SUBSCRIBE
 Mumbai News Entertainment Celebrity Life Sports Lifestyle Photos Podcast Timepass Sunday Mid-Day Mumbai Guide Videos Events
Yearenders Bigg Boss 18 Mid-Day Gold Bollywood News Crime News City News Horoscope Careers at Mid-Day
Breaking News
Dust storm in West Asia is making Mumbai air quality worse
Check that medicine again: Probe reveals how fake companies are flooding market with ineffective tablets with no active pharmaceutical ingredient
Cuffe Parade: Residents allege illegal workshops have taken over plots meant for school and playground
Police bust inter state Ponzi scheme, arrest key accused from Kolkata
Central Railway experiments with Japan model for saving water in trains
Dust storm in West Asia is making Mumbai air quality worse
Check that medicine again: Probe reveals how fake companies are flooding market with ineffective tablets with no active pharmaceutical ingredient
Cuffe Parade: Residents allege illegal workshops have taken over plots meant for school and playground
Police bust inter state Ponzi scheme, arrest key accused from Kolkata
Central Railway experiments with Japan model for saving water in trains
Dust storm in West Asia is making Mumbai air quality worse
Check that medicine again: Probe reveals how fake companies are flooding market with ineffective tablets with no active pharmaceutical ingredient
Cuffe Parade: Residents allege illegal workshops have taken over plots meant for school and playground
Police bust inter state Ponzi scheme, arrest key accused from Kolkata
Central Railway experiments with Japan model for saving water in trains
Home > Entertainment News > Bollywood News > Article > Give your Holi weekend a 90s twist in the theatres as Baazigar Main Khiladi Tu Anari and Khiladi re releases
Give your Holi weekend a 90s twist in the theatres as 'Baazigar', 'Main Khiladi Tu Anari' and 'Khiladi' re-releases

Updated on: 21 March,2024 05:15 PM IST  |  Mumbai
mid-day online correspondent |

Share:    Linked Follow Us notifi
Text    
Top

Three epic 90s movies are set to re-release in the theatres this week. If you are looking to celebrate Holi with movies with a dash of nostalgia, here's how

Retro Film Festival

Cinépolis, India’s first international cinema exhibitor, is thrilled to announce its Retro Film Festival, a nostalgic celebration of iconic Bollywood movies from the Golden Era of Indian Cinema, the '90s. The festival is scheduled to take place from 22nd – 30th March 2024, in association with Venus Entertainment & Atul Sabharwal's Yippee Ki Yay Motion Pictures.

ADVERTISEMENT

Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 3.25%
Fullscreen



The Retro Film Festival will bring nostalgic cinema experiences to 25 Cinépolis theatres across India. Each day, two classic movies will grace the screens, with showings at 1 pm and 7 pm. The Cinepolis cinemas include: Cinepolis Ahmedabad, Cinepolis Patna, Cinepolis PJP Ranchi, Cinepolis Surat, and Cinepolis Vadodara, Cinepolis Shantiniketan in Bangalore, Cinepolis DB in Bhopal, Cinepolis Esplanade in Bhubaneshwar, Cinepolis WTP in Jaipur, Cinepolis PJP in Jamshedpur, Cinepolis Acropolis in Kolkata, Cinepolis Awadh in Lucknow, Cinepolis Bestech in Mohali, Cinepolis Grand Muzaffarpur, Cinepolis VR in Nagpur, Cinepolis Delhi NCR- V3S East Centre, Cinepolis Saket, Cinepolis Smart Bharat in NOIDA, Cinepolis NSP, Cinepolis Airia in Gurgaon, Cinepolis Mumbai- Cinepolis Andheri, Cinepolis Viviana in Thane, Seawoods in Navi Mumbai, Cinepolis Pune- Seasons, Cinepolis Westend.




The festival will feature a curated selection of three timeless classics, 'Main Khiladi Tu Anari', 'Khiladi', and 'Baazigar'. Cinephiles and fans alike can look forward to reliving the magic of these cinematic gems on the big screen, experiencing the thrill and drama that captivated audiences in the golden era of Bollywood.




Actress Kajol who was a part of Baazigar also took to her social media handle to make the announcement. 

"We are excited to present the Cinépolis Retro Film Festival, a unique cinematic journey that transcends time and transports audiences back to the '90s. Our objective is to rekindle the nostalgia associated with these iconic movies, providing a one-of-a-kind experience for movie enthusiasts of all ages," said Mr. Devang Sampat, CEO, Cinépolis India.

Exclusive screenings of retro classic movies will be held throughout the festival, showcasing the cinematic brilliance that defined an era. The selection pays homage to the era's legendary actors, directors, and storytellers who left an indelible mark on Indian cinema.

To ensure accessibility for all moviegoers, tickets for the Retro Film Festival are available on platforms, including BookMyShow, Paytm, Point of Sale (POS), and the official Cinépolis website/app. 

"Exciting news! Mid-day is now on WhatsApp Channels  Subscribe today by clicking the link and stay updated with the latest news!" Click here!

Share
holi baazigar Theatre khiladi Entertainment News entertaintment mumbai
CLICK HERE TO REUSE THIS CONTENT
Register for FREE
to continue reading !
This is not a paywall.
However, your registration helps us understand your preferences better and enables us to provide insightful and credible journalism for all our readers.
REGISTER NOW REMIND ME LATER
Next Story : 'Meme Queen' Shraddha Kapoor Is A True Foodie! This Recent Exchange With A Fan Is Proof

>

Mid-Day Web Stories
View all

ADVERTISEMENT

More Stories
End 2024 on a musical note with this qawwali and khayal concert in Mumbai
Medicines with no medicines in them
Retracing Rudyard Kipling's link with Mumbai
Are you a Taylor Swift fan? End your year with this party in Mumbai
EXCLUSIVE
Nitish Reddy's sister reveals sleepless 24 hours following historic maiden ton
LIVE Blog
Mumbai News LIVE Updates: Accused detained in alleged stabbing incident in Mahim

ADVERTISEMENT



Top Authors

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow Us:      Download Our App:  
Mumbai
Mumbai News
Mumbai Crime News
Mumbai Rains
News
India News
World News
Offbeat
Opinion
Entertainment
Bollywood News
Hollywood News
Web Series
Television News
Regional Indian Cinema News
Sports
Cricket
Football
Other Sports
Lifestyle
Horoscope
Relationships
Health & Fitness
Fashion
Food
Travel
Culture
Timepass
Polls
Quiz
Comics
Crosswords
Sudoku
Manjul
Sunday Midday
Technology News
Opinion
Authors
Gujarati News
Hindi News
Urdu News
Radio City
Mumbai Guide
Mumbai Food
Things to do
Famous Personalities
About Us Advertise With Us Careers Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Investor Relations Contact Us RSS  Sitemap Grievance Redressal
Kindly mail us your feedback at feedback@mid-day.com
Copyright © 2024 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookie or similar technologies, to enhance your browsing experience and provide personalised recommendations. By continuing to use our website, you agree to our Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy.
OK
Notifications Powered by 
iZooto
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mid-day.com/entertainment/bollywood-news/article/give-your-holi-weekend-a-90s-twist-in-the-theatres-as-baazigar-main-khiladi-tu-anari-and-khiladi-re-releases-23340940 
 ----- 
