Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts

Live updates: Auckland FC v Melbourne Victory - can the Black Knights kick off 2025 with a win?

Home / Sport / Cricket / Black Caps
T20 World Cup, New Zealand vs Afghanistan: Black Caps crash to historic loss to open tournament
By Kris Shannon
Multimedia Journalist·NZ Herald·
8 Jun, 2024 03:04 AM
4 mins to read
Save
Share

Kane Williamson leaves the field after being caught by Gulbadin Naib off the bowling of Rashid Khan. Photo / AP

After spending several months with their feet up, the Black Caps produced their worst performance in years.

It wasn’t so much the result that shocked as New Zealand began their T20 World Cup campaign by crashing to an 84-run defeat by Afghanistan in Guyana.

Maybe that comprehensive margin hadn’t quite been anticipated but there was plenty of warning that Afghanistan were primed to beat the Black Caps for the first time.

The performance, though, that was truly shocking as Kane Williamson’s side crumbled to their fourth-lowest T20 total, backing up a subpar effort with the ball and, especially, in the field.

Chasing 160 on what had appeared a decent surface during the first innings, the Black Caps lost Finn Allen first ball and another wicket every other over as they slumped to 43-5. The carnage was far from complete.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

With only Glenn Phillips and Matt Henry scratching to double figures, New Zealand staggered to 54-7 at the halfway mark. And the tail — never expected to do much in this format — didn’t do much as Afghanistan completed the rout by dismissing their opponents for 75 in the 16th over.

If one side looked a little short of cricket, there was good reason. The Black Caps hadn’t played a game at full strength since the end of the home summer, with the majority of the squad spending the intervening months on the sidelines during the IPL.

Ten days’ practice was the extent of their preparation in the Caribbean, while Afghanistan had enjoyed both a warm-up fixture and a first-up thrashing of minnows Uganda.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

That unflattering descriptor no longer applies to the Asian nation, having beaten England, Pakistan and Sri Lanka at last year’s ODI World Cup. Now, with New Zealand added to their list of scalps, Afghanistan will be favourites to progress from pool C.

Given the group also includes the West Indies, the Black Caps will need to overcome the co-hosts on June 13 if they wish to recover and maintain an enviable semifinal streak at world tournaments.

It seems much likelier their tournament will be over by this time next week.

No New Zealander played well in Saturday’s one-sided contest, as first opener Rahmanullah Gurbaz (80 off 56) and then dangerman Rashid Khan (4-17) seized complete command.

Discover more
Black Caps
Underdone Black Caps facing 'one of the best' bowling attacks
07 Jun 06:05 PM
Sport
Chris Rattue’s Watchlist: Picking the best of the Super Rugby playoffs
06 Jun 05:15 PM
Cricket World Cup
Black Caps worryingly underdone for T20 World Cup, but family comes first
04 Jun 12:00 AM
Opinion
Alex Powell: Too many Cricket World Cups risk killing the game
05 Jun 01:00 AM

Facing a pace-bowling trio that rarely applied pressure and a spin duo that created only a couple of chances, Afghanistan were almost always in control of their innings — aided by a sloppy all-round fielding effort.

It would be easy to ascribe the dropped catches and missed runout chances to recent inactivity. But over the summer, when the Black Caps were playing plenty of cricket, they were just as bad.

As much as their fielding was a strength for so long, it has now become one of this team’s biggest weaknesses.

Afghanistan celebrate the dismissal of Daryl Mitchell. Photo / AP

Little went right once New Zealand won the toss, the tone soon set. After Mitchell Santner was unlucky to miss the wicket of Ibrahim Zadran, clipping leg stump without dislodging a bail, Allen began a dismal day by making a mess of a straightforward catch from the same batter.

Devon Conway came into this game even more underdone than his teammates — having ended a miserable summer with a broken thumb that gave him three months off — and it showed.

The wicketkeeper earned his part-time tag and, aside from one four-over spell in the middle stages, the bowling attack allowed easy runs as the openers eased to a century stand.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Following the loss of his partner in the 15th over, Gurbaz flayed an ineffective Henry, preferred to Tim Southee, while Michael Bracewell began well but ended expensive after squeezing out Ish Sodhi.

The batting effort, somehow, was uglier than all that had proceeded, though Fazalhaq Farooqi (4-17) earned tremendous credit by taking the top off the order.

The left-arm quick was occasionally unplayable, but only occasionally. He and his fellow bowlers were more often helped by a succession of poor shot choices and poorer execution.

Conway and Williamson encapsulated that: the former chipping out tamely after a string of let-offs, the latter opening the bat to Rashid and edging him straight to a grateful first slip.

The skipper reacted by throwing back his head in disgust, a gesture undoubtedly repeated around the country.




ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Recommended for you
Refresh for more
Auckland FC
Auckland FC v Melbourne Victory
Northern Advocate
Crews battle vegetation fire in Northland, one firefighter injured
World
Texas teen accused of poisoning show goat of classmate she believed cheated
Travel news
Cruise ships report worst year for stomach sickness in over a decade
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from Black Caps
Hay and Duffy star as Black Caps seal series win
30 Dec 10:07 AM

The Black Caps brushed aside Sri Lanka thanks to a quartet who missed the World Cup squad.

Duffy bowls Black Caps to comprehensive victory
30 Dec 09:49 AM
'A level-headed Cantabrian bloke': Black Caps unearth new death star
29 Dec 09:00 PM
Black Caps surge back to stun Sri Lanka
28 Dec 10:45 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2025 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/cricket/black-caps/t20-world-cup-new-zealand-vs-afghanistan-black-caps-crash-to-historic-loss-to-open-tournament/2YEK2LR3C5CFRFZK52NLWON7LY/ 
 ----- 
