AFG vs NZ
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Commentary
Stats
Overs
Table
News
Videos
Photos
RESULT
14th Match, Group C (N), Providence, June 07, 2024, ICC Men's T20 World Cup
AFG
159/6
NZ
(15.2/20 ov, T:160) 75

Afghanistan won by 84 runs

Powered by Smart Stats
Win Probability
AFG 100%
NZ 0.00%
AFG
NZ
100%
50%
100%
AFG Innings
NZ Innings

Over 16 • NZ 75/10

Matt Henry c Karim Janat b Fazalhaq Farooqi 12 (17b 0x4 1x6 21m) SR: 70.58
W
Afghanistan won by 84 runs
Summary
Scorecard
MVP
Report
Commentary
Stats
Overs
Table
News
Videos
Photos
REPORT
Rashid, Farooqi and Gurbaz the stars as Afghanistan crush NZ

New Zealand folded for 75 in a chase of 160 as Afghanistan made it two wins in two

Hemant Brar
07-Jun-2024
1:22

McClenaghan: Gurbaz taking down Bracewell the turning point

Afghanistan 159 for 6 (Gurbaz 80, Ibrahim 44, Boult 2-22, Henry 2-37) beat New Zealand 75 (Phillips 18, Rashid 4 for 17, Farooqi 4 for 17) by 84 runs


Afghanistan boosted their Super Eight chances with yet another dominating win, this time thumping New Zealand by 84 runs in Providence. Having beaten Uganda by 125 runs in their opening match, they are now at the top of Group C with a net run rate of 5.225.

After being sent in, Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Ibrahim Zadran gave Afghanistan a start of 103 in 14.3 overs. It came off the back of the 154 the pair added against Uganda, thus making them the first opening pair to register two successive century stands in the history of the T20 World Cup.

Afghanistan's was an innings of two halves. They scored 55 for no loss in the first ten overs and 104 for 6 in the last ten, with Gurbaz contributing 80 off 56 balls. New Zealand, who had decided not to play any warm-up games, looked every bit rusty as their fielders dropped catches and missed run-out opportunities.

With the pitch assisting both seamers and spinners, chasing 160 was not going to be easy. But few would have expected New Zealand to collapse in the manner they did.

RELATED

Afghanistan show they are more than just their spinners

Rashid after Afghanistan's win: One of our greatest T20 performances

Starc, Hazlewood, Cummins - A rotating carousel of pressure

Gordon gets job done to help Canada banish memories of USA defeat

Fazalhaq Farooqi picked up three wickets in the powerplay and Rashid Khan three just after it. Eventually, both ended with identical figures of 4 for 17 as New Zealand were bowled out for 75 in the 15.2 overs. Glenn Phillips and Matt Henry were the only New Zealand batters to reach the double digits.

Afghanistan's shaky start

Trent Boult found some swing in the opening over but Gurbaz and Ibrahim showed their intent by picking up three fours off Henry from the other end.

Both batters had luck on their side, too. Gurbaz got a second life when he skipped down the track to Santner and missed the ball, which went on to brush the leg stump but the bails did not budge. In the following over, Finn Allen dropped Ibrahim off Henry at the deep-square-leg boundary.

That was not all. Gurbaz got another reprieve after being involved in a miscommunication with Ibrahim. Having taken off for a single, Gurbaz had to retrace his steps and would have been run out had Conway not fumbled the throw.

Two balls later, New Zealand finally seemed to have found success when Santner pinged Ibrahim's pads and umpire Kumar Dharmasena ruled it lbw. But the batter got the decision overturned on review as the ball was heading down the leg side. Immediately after that, Ibrahim hit Santner for an inside-out four as Afghanistan ended the powerplay on 44 for no loss.

Bracewell, Ferguson put the brakes on

New Zealand went against the prevailing wisdom of not bowling an offspinner when two right-hand batters at the crease, and Michael Bracewell repaid that faith by conceding only six off his first two overs.

Lockie Ferguson was even more frugal, going for five in his first two. He could have had Ibrahim off a slower full toss but a leaping Kane Williamson failed to pull off a one-handed stunner at mid-off. That meant while Afghanistan remained unscathed, they had only 55 on the board after ten overs.

The acceleration

Afghanistan had not hit a single six in the first ten overs, but there were five in the next three, including three in one Bracewell over as Gurbaz and Bracewell stepped on the accelerator. The pair took the side past 100 in the 14th over. New Zealand finally broke through when Ibrahim bottom-edged a short ball from Henry onto his stumps, after having been hit on the grille on the previous delivery.

Promoted to No. 3, Azmatullah Omarzai played his part with 22 off 13, which included two sixes in three balls off Henry. Mohammad Nabi fell for a first-ball duck but Gurbaz kept finding the boundary at regular intervals. However, a three-wicket, three-run final over by Boult kept Afghanistan to 159.

Rahmanullah Gurbaz scored his second fifty in as many games•ICC/Getty Images

Farooqi rocks New Zealand early

Farooqi gave Afghanistan a dream start with the ball. With the very first delivery of the innings, he uprooted Finn Allen's leg stump as the ball moved in late. In the seamer's next over, Conway pushed at one that seemed to come slower off the surface and was caught at extra cover.

The decision to give Farooqi a third over in the powerplay brought further rewards. This time, bowling around the wicket to Daryl Mitchell, he got a length delivery to just straighten and take the outside edge. Gurbaz took a regulation catch to complete the dismissal and leave New Zealand 28 for 3.

It could have been worse for New Zealand. In between, Naveen-ul-Haq had rapped Kane Williamson's front pad after the batter had moved across to play a delivery. Afghanistan sent it upstairs for an lbw review but the umpire's call saved the New Zealand captain.

Rashid joins the party

Afghanistan did not have to wait too long for Williamson's wicket. Rashid brought himself on after the powerplay and struck straightaway as Williamson guided one to first slip. But Rashid was just warming up. In his next over, he dismissed Mark Chapman and Bracewell off successive deliveries to leave New Zealand on 43 for 6. Chapman went for a pull and got bowled; Bracewell was late to bring his bat down and was lbw.

Phillips was New Zealand's last hope. He did hit a couple of boundaries but was soon caught at long-on when he tried to take on Nabi. That ended any hopes of revival New Zealand might have had.

Rahmanullah Gurbaz
Fazalhaq Farooqi
Rashid Khan
Afghanistan
New Zealand
Afghanistan vs New Zealand
ICC Men's T20 World Cup

Hemant Brar is a sub-editor at ESPNcricinfo

Download the 
Android
 and 
iOS
 apps for a better experience.
Get latest cricket updates on WhatsApp
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Interest-Based Ads
|
EU Privacy Rights
|
Cookie Policy
|
Feedback
|
Manage Privacy Preferences
|
© 2025 ESPN Sports Media Ltd. All rights reserved
Home
Matches
Series
Videos
News
 

Your Privacy Settings
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. We work with 873 partners. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time through the “Manage Privacy Preferences” link on each page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. For additional information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to:

Store and/or access information on a device. Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
Continue without Accepting
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espncricinfo.com/series/icc-men-s-t20-world-cup-2024-1411166/afghanistan-vs-new-zealand-14th-match-group-c-1415714/match-report 
 ----- 
