European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe

ADVERTISEMENT

European Championship, Group Stage - Group A - Matchweek 1
GER
5
Fri Jun 14
FT
1
SCO
F. Wirtz 10'
J. Musiala 19'
K. Havertz 45'+1' (PEN)
N. Füllkrug 68'
E. Can 90'+3'
2.15
xG
0.02
A. Rüdiger 87' (OG)
R. Porteous 45'
Match
Live Blog
Discuss
Timeline
How Germany ran riot in 5-1 win against Scotland in Group A at Euro 2024
The tournament hosts thrashed their Group A opponents on opening night in Munich
Michael Dominski
June 15, 2024 at 8:11 AM UTC
Getty Images

132 New Updates

Luke Brown
·
Managing Editor, Global Live
Germany beat Scotland 5-1 in opening match of Euro 2024

Host nation Germany thrashed 10-man Scotland 5-1 in the opening match of the 2024 European Championship.

Germany started confidently and raced into an early lead when Florian Wirtz beat Angus Gunn from distance. The impressive Jamal Musiala then doubled Germany’s lead before Scotland’s Ryan Porteous was sent off for an ugly lunge on Ilkay Gundogan in the penalty box, with Kai Havertz converting from the spot.

Substitute Niclas Fullkrug fired home a fourth late in the second half. Scotland did manage a late consolation through an Antonio Rudiger own goal, only for Emre Can to restore the home side’s four-goal advantage with the final kick of the match.

The two other teams in Group A — Hungary and Switzerland — meet in the second match of the tournament on Saturday.

June 14, 2024 at 6:35 PM UTC
Sebastian Stafford-Bloor
What happened to Aleksandar Pavlovic?

Getty Images

Missing from Germany's squad today is Bayern Munich midfielder Aleksandar Pavlovic, 20, who left the squad this week after suffering another bout of tonsillitis. He was replaced by Borussia Dortmund's Emre Can.

“Naturally difficult” is how Julian Nagelsmann described the decision to release Pavlovic. “The tonsillitis is so serious that he won’t be fit to play any time soon.”

It is terrible luck. Today’s opening match takes place in Munich, where Pavlovic was born, and he has become enormously popular in Bavaria. Home tournaments seldom align with players’ careers, and it’s even rarer for them to pass through a hometown.

Not that he would have necessarily been a starter. Still, it would have been hard for Nagelsmann to take away. Ultimately, he had no choice — especially given how uncertain recovery periods can be with tonsillitis.

GO FURTHER

Explainer: Aleksandar Pavlovic, tonsillitis and why a rising star is missing the Euros on home soil

June 14, 2024 at 6:32 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
No home advantage this time, but a potential banana skin

Unlike at Euro 2020, Scotland will not have the advantage of playing two home games at Hampden Park. Though perhaps playing in front of their own fans didn’t confer the benefits one would assume.

The Scots were tame and unambitious in those two matches, losing 3-1 against Croatia and 2-0 against Czech Republic.

But in Germany, they will be just another team, albeit noisily supported by those travelling to support. And in the tournament opener against the hosts, they will be a massive underdog. Just, you suspect, how they like it.

June 14, 2024 at 6:28 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Happy birthday Callum!

Getty Images

Callum McGregor is marking his 31st birthday with a start in Scotland's midfield today. He will become just the second player to make a Euros appearance on his birthday at two different tournaments after having done so three years ago as well, joining Wesley Sneijder in that regard.

June 14, 2024 at 6:25 PM UTC
Sebastian Stafford-Bloor
Germany go by the book

Getty Images

Germany as expected.

This was the team Nagelsmann landed on in the spring that has helped rejuvenate the country's interest. As its best, it's absolutely good enough.

When the mechanics are not quite right, though... well, the lack of width can place too much emphasis on the core of the team and chance creation can become extremely difficult.

One of the issues that Germany had against Greece last Friday came simply from their opponents sitting deep and blocking up the middle of the pitch.

June 14, 2024 at 6:22 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
A Christmas tree… in the height of summer

Getty Images

The lesser-spotted 4-3-2-1 formation — also known as the ‘Christmas tree’, for obvious reasons — might well be unique to Germany at the Euros tonight and across this summer's tournament.

Typically, it limits a team’s width.

But it suits Germany down to the ground, with inverted and ambitious full-backs, a technically proficient group of central midfielders and star attackers Jamal Musiala and Florian Wirtz used centrally rather than shunted out to the wing.

Let's see if Nagelsmann keeps faith with the unusual shape if it doesn't yield good results tonight...

June 14, 2024 at 6:18 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
Scotland team news: Analysed

Getty Images

Fairly predictable from Scotland boss Steve Clarke. In goal, Angus Gunn is the clear No 1 despite a key error in Norwich's play-off semi-final loss against Leeds, with Celtic's Anthony Ralston given the nod over Ross McCrorie at right wing-back.

Jack Hendry plays alongside Ryan Porteous and Kieran Tierney at centre-half, despite playing in the questionably low standards of the Saudi Pro League with Steven Gerrard's Al Ettifaq. Andy Robertson will provide width and thrust on the left.

In the double pivot is Scott McTominay and Callum McGregor, with Ryan Christie and John McGinn supporting Che Adams up front (though, perhaps, Christie might be deeper as he often is for Bournemouth, with the box-crashing McTominay further up).

Only two semi-controversial decisions: playing the more prosaic McGregor ahead of Brighton's silky playmaker Billy Gilmour, and Adams being chosen at striker ahead of Lawrence Shankland for his work rate and off-the-ball work as much as his ruthless finishing.

June 14, 2024 at 6:13 PM UTC
Omar Garrick
·
Staff Editor, News
Police temporarily close off fan zone due to 'suspicious package'

A European Championship fan zone in Berlin was temporarily closed off after a "suspicious package" was identified hours before the contest between Germany and Scotland.

An area near the city's parliament building had been occupied as a space for supporters to gather before the first game of the tournament on Friday evening.

Berlin Police, however, were forced to close down the fan zone in order to inspect the object.

A statement on X read: "A suspicious object was found in the entrance area on Scheidemannstrasse fan zone. This area is currently not available to fans. Our colleagues are checking the object."

The police later went on to confirm that the area was to be re-opened after declaring that the object was "a backpack and poses no danger".

June 14, 2024 at 6:10 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
Euro 2024: Guide to teams, groups, kits, fixtures, predictions

Euro 2024 is finally here and taking place across four weeks in Germany. We have a wealth of content to accompany you on the journey.

Whether your interest is in the players, the countries, the tactics, the data, the kits, or the history and politics of the tournament and Germany itself, we have it all here in one place. For every match at the tournament, you can follow our live coverage in our app and on our website.

Shortly after each match, we’ll also publish The Briefing, a detailed breakdown of what happened (and why), brought to you by our team of writers on the ground in Germany. So strap in and enjoy Euro 2024 with The Athletic.

Click here to follow the Euros on The Athletic and get relevant stories in your personalised feed.

GO FURTHER

Euro 2024: The Athletic’s quick guide to teams, groups, kits, fixtures, predictions

June 14, 2024 at 6:08 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
The substitute benches tonight

Germany subs: Ter Stegen, Baumann; Raum, Schlotterbeck, Anton, Henrichs, Koch, Can, Gross, Fuhrich, Sane, Muller, Beier, Fullkrug, Undav.

Scotland subs: Kelly, Clark; Hanley, Cooper, McKenna, Taylor, McCrorie, McLean, Jack, Gilmour, Armstrong, Forrest, Morgan, Conway, Shankland.

June 14, 2024 at 6:05 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Scotland team news

Scotland starting line-up to face Germany: Gunn; Porteous, Hendry, Tierney; Ralston, McTominay, McGregor, Robertson; Christie, McGinn; Adams.

June 14, 2024 at 6:00 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
Germany team news: Analysed

Getty Images

This is exactly as expected from Germany boss Julian Nagelsmann.

Manuel Neuer, the somewhat under-fire veteran, retains his faith in goal despite a strong claim from Barcelona's Marc-Andre Ter Stegen.

Tah and Rudiger form an imposing centre-half pairing, flanked by Joshua Kimmich on the right and in-form international greenhorn Maximilian Mittelstadt on the left.

Veterans Toni Kroos and Ilkay Gundogan play either side of Leverkusen's Robert Andrich in midfield, with young tyros Florian Wirtz and Jamal Musiala in attacking midfield behind Arsenal's Kai Havertz.

June 14, 2024 at 5:56 PM UTC
Tim Spiers
·
London Writer
'No Scotland no party'

Getty Images

They've got a Scot on stage. He's travelled from the Shetland Islands, it took him 24 hours. He predicts "zwei-eins" to Scotland and then leads the hundreds of Scots in the crowd to a chant of "no Scotland no party". What a guy.

June 14, 2024 at 5:53 PM UTC
Tim Spiers
·
London Writer
The largest football goal in the world

Tim Spiers

It's basically a festival here which happens to be showing a football match. There's a very loud DJ, food, alcohol, loads of big screens, even a quiet zone if it all gets too much.

By the Brandenburg Gate is the largest football goal in the world – it weighs 40 tonnes. The fan mile is the size of 10 football pitches. And the beer is €6 and they only serve half pints. Too expensive to throw after a goal, surely?

June 14, 2024 at 5:50 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Germany team news

Germany starting line-up to face Scotland: Neuer; Kimmich, Tah, Rudiger, Mittelstadt; Kroos, Andrich, Gundogan; Wirtz, Musiala; Havertz.

June 14, 2024 at 5:48 PM UTC
Michael Cox
·
Football Writer
Diverse Scotland fans... and Kroos' return proving popular

Getty Images

Two observations on the huge number of Scotland and Germany shirts around Munich today.

First, whereas travelling supports for major tournaments tend to be primarily young and male, the Scottish support is notably mixed in terms of gender, with many much older fans and a large number of family groups.

Given Scotland's Euro 2020 games were hosted in the UK, it's their first opportunity to travel abroad to a major tournament since 1998, and they're making the most of it.

Second, probably the most popular name on the back of Germany shirts is that of Toni Kroos. His return to the national side is clearly a big deal, and it's the last chance to show support for him ahead of his retirement at the end of this tournament.

June 14, 2024 at 5:45 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
Scotland’s poor record against top-20 sides

Scotland’s most recent 10 matches against FIFA-ranked sides in the top 20 yielded just one win, two draws and seven defeats. Their 45 matches against sides outside the top 20, on the other hand, resulted in 24 wins, 11 draws and 10 defeats.

On average, they score less than half the goals (0.7 vs 1.6) and concede twice as many (2.5 vs 1), with a clean sheet record of 20% compared to 40%, when playing those ranked in the top 20.

The crude conclusion: Scotland are flat-track bullies but struggle against the best sides. For reference, Germany are ranked 16, Switzerland 19, and Hungary 26. Take from that what you will…

June 14, 2024 at 5:43 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
Kieran Tierney interview: On Andy Robertson and challenging himself

Getty Images

Ahead of tonight's tournament opener, Scotland defender Kieran Tierney sat down with The Athletic's Jordan Campbell.

The interview covers like team-mate Andy Robertson and how they fit into the same team, Basque support for Scotland after his loan at Spanish top-flight side Real Sociedad this season, and how he pushes himself to get better.

Check out everything he said below.

Tierney will need to play well tonight if Scotland are to surprise the hosts...

GO FURTHER

Kieran Tierney interview: Andy Robertson, challenging himself and Basque support for Scotland

June 14, 2024 at 5:40 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
Tournament pedigree written into their DNA

Getty Images

Germany may not have lived up to expectations at recent tournaments. But they won the Euros as West Germany in 1972, again eight years later, and again in 1996. And they also lifted no fewer than four World Cups — in 1954, 1974, 1990 and 2014.

As Gary Lineker once said: ‘Football is a simple game. Twenty-two men chase a ball for 90 minutes and at the end, the Germans always win’.

It just seems as though, at the pressure-cooker moments in tournaments, Germany always finds a way.

That institutional memory of Turniermannschaft (tournament team) could be crucial in the rarefied air of knockout matches. Just ask Gareth Southgate…

June 14, 2024 at 5:38 PM UTC
Max Mathews
·
Live Reporter
Read: The Athletic's Euro 2024 pieces

Getty Images

Ahead of the 2024 European Championship's first match tonight, hosts Germany taking on Scotland at the Allianz Arena in Munich, why not browse some of The Athletic's best features, articles and news lines ahead of the curtain-raiser.

Here, you can read Tom Burrows' piece on how Germany is making the tournament safe
Here, Tim Spiers assesses the TV and radio line-ups in the battle of the broadcasters
Here is Phil Buckingham's article on players' unions taking legal action against FIFA
And here, our brilliant team of writers give their predictions ahead of the tournament
Load more updates
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/live-blogs/germany-scotland-live-updates-euro-2024-score-result/zQ8kQPr4CV1U/V7ZtBuAOvggt/ 
 ----- 
