Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
3 Takeaways From Mavericks Preseason Win Over Bucks
The Mavericks picked up their first win in the preseason finale
Austin Veazey | Oct 18, 2024
Oct 17, 2024; Dallas, Texas, USA; Dallas Mavericks guard Klay Thompson (31) looks to shoot as Milwaukee Bucks guard Delon Wright (55) defends during the first half at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images / Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images
In this story:
Dallas Mavericks
Milwaukee Bucks

The Dallas Mavericks dominated the short-handed Milwaukee Bucks Thursday night in the preseason finale, picking up a 109-84 victory. While Dallas didn't have Luka Doncic, the Bucks were playing without Giannis Antetokounmpo, Damian Lillard, Khris Middleton, Brook Lopez, and Bobby Portis. Dallas should've blown this game open and they did.

Since it couldn't be an entire dress rehearsal for the Mavs with a few key pieces sitting out, it didn't have the same impact it could've. Jason Kidd's entire goal for the game was to get out healthy, which it looks like they accomplished. But there were still a few things to be taken away from it.

READ MORE: Mavericks Dominate Short-Handed Bucks in Preseason Finale

1. Kyrie Irving Is Ready
Oct 17, 2024; Dallas, Texas, USA; Dallas Mavericks guard Kyrie Irving (11) shoots over Milwaukee Bucks guard Gary Trent Jr. (5) during the first half at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images / Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images

Kyrie Irving broke his hand over the summer and needed surgery, and any time that happens, you worry a player may not be the same by the start of the season. Worry no longer because Irving was dialed in for the first 12 minutes of this game, scoring 12 points on a perfect 5/5 shooting. He took some difficult shots, too, stepping into threes in transition, fading away out of bounds and still hitting contested mid-range shots... he looks ready to go.

2. Dribble Handoffs With the Bigs
Oct 17, 2024; Dallas, Texas, USA; Dallas Mavericks center Dereck Lively II (2) looks to pass as Milwaukee Bucks center Anzejs Pasecniks (18) defends during the second half at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images / Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images

If the preseason is any indication, Jason Kidd is planning to implement a lot more dribble handoffs this season. Dereck Lively II and Daniel Gafford have constantly been on the perimeter, handing passes off into screens, throwing backdoor passes to cutters, and helping clear space for shooters like Klay Thompson. That's manifested in Gafford having three assists against the Bucks and Lively having five assists against the Clippers. This is a nice little wrinkle for Kidd to open the floor up even more.

3. Spencer Dinwiddie Needs a Small Role
Oct 17, 2024; Dallas, Texas, USA; Dallas Mavericks guard Spencer Dinwiddie (26) drives to the basket as Milwaukee Bucks guard AJ Green (20) defends during the first half at American Airlines Center. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images / Kevin Jairaj-Imagn Images

Spencer Dinwiddie has been the biggest disappointment of the preseason. While he scored 8 points against the Bucks, that brings his preseason totals to 6.3 PPG in a little under 18 MPG, shooting 29.6% from the floor, 27.3% from three, and 66.7% from the free throw line. He just hasn't played well, and with Jaden Hardy leading the team in scoring for the preseason, Hardy should be seeing more of those reserve guard minutes.

READ MORE: Mavericks Starter Reveals Three Goals For Upcoming Season

Stick with MavericksGameday for more FREE coverage of the Dallas Mavericks throughout the 2024-25 Season

Follow MavericksGameday on Twitter and Austin Veazey on Twitter

More Dallas Mavericks News
Mavericks Star Luka Doncic Suffers Injury in Workout
Mavericks Comeback Bid Falls Short, Lose to Jazz in Preseason
Klay Thompson Makes First Shot as a Maverick
Anthony Edwards Regrets Calling Out Kyrie Irving Before WCF
Published Oct 18, 2024
AUSTIN VEAZEY

Austin Veazey joined NoleGameday as the Lead Basketball Writer in 2019, while contributing as a football writer, and started as editor for MavericksGameday in 2024. Veazey was a Florida State Men’s Basketball Manager from 2016-2019. Follow Austin on Twitter at @EasyVeazeyNG

Follow EasyVeazeyNG

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/mavericks/news/3-takeaways-from-dallas-mavericks-preseason-win-over-milwaukee-bucks-kyrie-irving-24 
 ----- 
