Toggle navigation
HOME
INDIA
WORLD
BUSINESS
SPORTS
ENTERTAINMENT
WEB STORIES
REVIEWS
VIDEOS
LEISURE
SCI/TECH
MORE
Home  News  Sports
South Africa at ICC T20 World Cup 2024: Group, match schedule, venues, opponents and more

Proteas are pooled alongside Bangladesh, Nepal, Netherlands and SL in Group D

Web Desk
Updated: May 23, 2024 19:18 IST
Aiden Markram-led South Africa will compete in Group D of ICC T20 World Cup 2024 | Official X

With the Indian Premier League about to conclude and the ICC T20 World Cup 2024 around the corner, the cricket community's attention is about to shift from the subcontinent to the USA and the Caribbean. A cricket World Cup is being held for the first time in the United States, the world's largest sports market, while the West Indies is set to host the tournament for a second time after 2010. 


Team South Africa, who is currently ranked fourth in the world T20 rankings, is once again among the favourites to lift the trophy. Prominent stars including David Miller, Lungi Ngidi, Kagiso Rabada, Aiden Markram, and Heinrich Klaasen are in great form and putting on dominant performances in the ongoing IPL season, further boosting South Africa's chances to emerge victorious in the tournament.

ALSO READ | Australia at ICC T20 World Cup 2024: Group, match schedule, venues, opponents and more

The Proteas, however, have a lot to prove, having failed to reach the tournament's semifinals since 2014. Aiden Markram was also recently announced as the captain to lead the team in the tournament. There has also been criticism that South Africa only chose a single black player for the World Cup and that Africans are underrepresented on the team.  

South Africa will travel to Sabina Park, Jamaica, to play a three-match T20I series beginning on May 24. They will take on the West Indies, which will provide an excellent opportunity to get used to the conditions in the Caribbean before the tournament begins. They are, however, missing several key players from the team, including captain Aiden Markram, who is presently playing in the IPL (Indian Premier League), which ends on May 26.

ALSO READ | T20 World Cup 2024: Places to visit in Texas if you are watching SL vs Ban at Grand Prairie Stadium

South Africa are pooled alongside Bangladesh, Nepal, Netherlands and former champions Sri Lanka in Group D. As they prepare to erase the infamous "chokers" tag with a memorable campaign, here is everything you need to know about South Africa’s group stage schedule, venues, and opponents as they get set for ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024.

Games and venues

June 3, 2024

South Africa vs Sri Lanka: Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York, USA: 08:00 PM (IST)

June 8, 2024

South Africa vs Netherlands: Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York, USA: 08:00 PM (IST)

June 10, 2024

South Africa vs Bangladesh: Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York, USA: 08:00 PM (IST)

June 15, 2024

South Africa vs Nepal: Arnos Vale Ground, Kingstown, St. Vincent and the Grenadines: 05:00 AM (IST)

ALSO READ | Visiting New York for India vs Pakistan T20 WC game? 7 spots to visit before leaving 'the Big Apple'

South Africa T20 World Cup 2024 Squad: Aiden Markram (c), Ottniel Baartman, Gerald Coetzee, Quinton de Kock, Bjorn Fortuin, Reeza Hendricks, Marco Jansen, Heinrich Klaasen, Keshav Maharaj, David Miller, Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada, Ryan Rickelton, Tabraiz Shamsi, Tristan Stubbs.

Travelling reserves: Nandre Burger and Lungi Ngidi.

(Compiled by Pranav.A)

TAGS
ICC T20 Men's World Cup
 
Team South Africa

Join our WhatsApp Channel to get the latest news, exclusives and videos on WhatsApp

READ MORE
Grand celebrations on the anvil to mark first anniversary of Ayodhya Ram Mandir pratistha
Germany Christmas market attack: Suspect 'an Islamophobe', says minister; death toll rises to five
Police nab elusive criminal at 'Pushpa 2' screening
Consumer protection watchdog slaps Rs 2 lakh fine on IAS coaching centre for misleading advertisements
Feeling bored? Now chat with ChatGPT using landline phones, message on WhatsApp
EDITOR'S PICK
THE WEEK explores a unique African sacred landscape on India's western coast
William Dalrymple’s new book traces ancient India’s role in spreading ideas and religions across the world
'We need more dedicated transplant centres in India': Dr Lalit Kumar
Evolving luxury

*Articles appearing as INFOCUS/THE WEEK FOCUS are marketing initiatives

Terms & Conditions Privacy & Statement

Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved

 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theweek.in/news/sports/2024/05/23/cricket-news-south-africa-at-icc-t20-world-cup-2024-group-match-schedule-venues-opponents-and-more.html 
 ----- 
