Skip to main content
Home
News
Sports
Life
Entertainment
Opinion
Obituaries
Weather
eNewspaper
Archives
Crosswords
Education
Comics
Newsletters
Corrections
For Subscribers
Contributor Content
Why Sussex schools are still closed after Monday's snow
Tricky weather conditions have kept DelDOT from fully clearing the roads.
Homes of the First State will land on 'House Hunters' once again
Delaware snow totals for Saturday
This week's news quiz: Girl Scout cookies and a new DSU coach
Local 
Delaware, New Jersey join Pa in bird flu testing; what to know
News 
New site, partnership for Nick's Pizza. February opening planned
Food 
Plan for spring travel through the Wilmington Airport
Business 
Pizza Hut to open 10th Delaware location Friday. Here are the details
Food 
Staying connected online to our readers over the years
Opinion 
News Journal archives Jan. 12-18: Earhart's ocean flight, Prohibition
News 
Monkey made a scene in popular Delaware restaurant. What happened?
Food 
'Hopefully Delaware': Biden talks early aims for presidential library
Joe Biden 
Before and after images reveal destruction of LA fires
Graphics 
Neighboring Philadelphia offers plenty of must-see attractions 
Lifestyle 
Help
Terms of Service
Subscription Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Accessibility
Our Ethical Principles
Responsible Disclosure
Your Privacy Choices
© Copyright Gannett 2025
About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.delawareonline.com/story/sports/mlb/phillies/2023/09/26/philadelphia-phillies-mlb-playoffs-what-you-need-to-know/70954221007/ 
 ----- 
