Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
Vince McMahon
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Philadelphia Phillies clinch NL wild-card berth, head to postseason for second straight year
1 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Jose Alvarado celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

2 of 13 |  

The Philadelphia Phillies pose after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

3 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper celebrates with teammates after their win in a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

4 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Brandon Marsh celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

5 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

6 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Kyle Schwarber celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

7 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Rob Thomson celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

8 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Johan Rojas celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

9 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper celebrates after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

10 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper, right, and Trea Turner celebrate after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

11 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper, right, and Seranthony Dominguez celebrate after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

12 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Johan Rojas, right, is dunked by Philadelphia Phillies’ Brandon Marsh to celebrate after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

13 of 13 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Bryce Harper, right, and Rhys Hoskins celebrate after winning a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates to clinch a wild-card playoff spot, Tuesday, Sept. 26, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

BY  DAN GELSTON
Updated 3:53 AM UTC, September 27, 2023
Share

PHILADELPHIA (AP) — Bryce Harper extended his arms as wide as they could stretch and waited for his jubilant Phillies teammates to sock him in the midsection with bottles of bubbly that had been turned into super soakers.

J.T. Realmuto used his teeth to gnaw off plastic that enveloped a box of cigars, ready to light the official accessory of any good clubhouse bash. Garrett Stubbs stripped one strap down on his Phillies overalls and danced a few songs away with Brandon Marsh and Nick Castellanos.

There is no wrong way to celebrate a clinch, of course, and the Phillies had plenty of practice with postseason parties after enjoying three of them last year on the way to the World Series.

But perhaps the most delightful look belonged to 68-year-old team owner John Middleton. He stood on the soggy carpet in a drenched Phillies hat, T-shirt and shorts. And in his bare feet, the owner who once vowed he would spend “stupid money” to make the Phillies winners again had something else he wanted to say:

“I think we’re a better team this year than we were last year,” he said.

The Phillies put the National League on notice they are ready for another run at the World Series after a 10-inning, 3-2 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Tuesday night.

RELATED STORIES
Phillies gamble on 1-year contract for 2-time All-Star closer Jordan Romano
Max Kepler and Phillies finalize $10 million, 1-year deal
RHP Alex Cobb agrees to 1-year contract with the Detroit Tigers, AP source says

The Phillies also clinched the top wild-card seed and will host all games in the second year of the NL wild-card series. Game 1 is Tuesday at Citizens Bank Park.

“We have such a great team and a great group,” Harper said. “We couldn’t do this without every single guy in this clubhouse.”

That includes outfielder Johan Rojas and reliever Jeff Hoffman, two players who weren’t even on the opening day roster. Rojas won the center-field job and won the game with an RBI single that scored pinch-runner Christian Pache. Hoffman has turned himself into a trusted late-inning reliever and earned the win with a scoreless 10th.

Rojas’ single off reliever David Bednar (3-3) set off a wild celebration that quickly carried into the clubhouse. “Phillies CLINCHED Wild Card” flashed on the scoreboard and the team’s official postseason song “Dancing On My Own” was cranked to full volume.

“I think the memories created with the song on the run we had has real,” Castellanos said. “I also think the city being able to be in on the song was also real. To be able to clinch and put it back on and have the city get just as excited as us means it’s real. And real is beautiful.”

The Phillies were poised for another wild clubhouse bash after clinching series victories in the NL Division Series and NLCS at home last season. They lost the World Series to Houston in six games last year and carried the weight of unfinished business into this year.

They just had to wait.

Brandon Marsh homered for the Phillies and Harper added a sacrifice fly for a 2-0 lead in the sixth.

Pittsburgh’s Bryan Reynolds hit a solo shot in the seventh off Phillies starter Aaron Nola and Henry Davis hit one off All-Star closer Craig Kimbrel that tied the game at 2 in the eighth.

Rojas bailed them out for the Phillies first clinching win on a walk-off since 1920.

The Phillies celebrated their first clinch of a postseason spot at Citizens Bank Park since Sept. 18, 2011, when they won their fifth straight NL East title.

A decade of lean years followed, but Harper’s celebrated arrival in 2019 helped usher in excitement, enthusiasm for the future and eventually the postseason. The Phillies added free-agent shortstop Trea Turner this season and his second-half surge propelled the Phillies to the wild card.

No doubt, the ballpark will again rock as it did last October. Phillies manager Rob Thomson said a rival coach told him during the playoffs that a game in Philly was “four hours of hell.” The Phillies won their first six home playoff games last season, setting the tone for what they called Red October.

Thomson earned laughs in the aftermath of last season’s wild-card clinch. Thomson went to take a swig out of his bottle of bubbly and — doink! Much to the delight of fans who saw the video on social media, the cork was still inside.

“I didn’t know that anybody knew until I got back in my office and my daughter texted me,” he said ahead of Tuesday’s game.

Thomson joked he learned his lesson and was ready to uncork before he took a swig.

His bottle was open Tuesday when he addressed the team in the clubhouse before the real celebration began.

“This is just the start,” Thomson said. “This team is built for where we’re going. Getting there is the tough part. Now we’ve got to finish this thing off.”

NOLA’S NIGHT

Nola is Philadelphia’s longest-tenured player and had earned the win in last season’s wild-card clincher against Houston. Nola struck out eight Pirates and reached 200 for the third straight season. Nola, set to enter free agency at the end of the season, tipped his cap as he walked off the mound to a standing ovation after he fanned eight in 6 2/3 innings.

KELLER HURT

Pirates starter Mitch Keller tried to play spoiler by taking a no-hitter into the sixth. But on the first pitch of the inning, Keller threw one high and outside and shook his right arm. The training staff came out and Keller tossed a few warmup pitches. On the second pitch, Marsh took him deep for his 11th homer of the season. He still struck out six and has 210 on the season, a franchise record (since 1887) for most by a right-handed pitcher.

“You don’t get that number unless you’re really consistent throughout the year and Mitch has been really consistent,” Pirates manager Derek Shelton said.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies 1B Rhys Hoskins remained a long shot to make the postseason roster as he recovers from a torn ACL in his left knee. Thomson said Tuesday that the slugger still is not likely to be get cleared and activated ahead of the World Series.

UP NEXT

The Pirates send RHP Johan Ovedo (9-14, 4.12 ERA) to the mound against Phillies LHP Ranger Suarez (4-6, 3.89 ERA).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

DAN GELSTON
Gelston is an an Associated Press sports writer covering major college and pro sports in Philadelphia, including the 76ers, Flyers, Eagles, Phillies and Villanova.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Beyond Text Generation: An AI Tool That Helps You Write...
Grammarly
:
Advertisement
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay near...
Celebrities among those who lost homes as devastating Los...
Vice President-elect JD Vance resigns from the Senate
Mexico's President Sheinbaum offers sarcastic response to...
Mexican President Claudia Sheinbaum has responded sarcastically to U.S. President...
AP News
A new book alleges that someon e at Fox News gave Trump's...
A forthcoming book alleges that someone inside Fox News gave Donald Trump’s pr...
AP News
Scootmobiel kopen?
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgev...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Heeft u moeite met lange stukken wand...
Scootmobiel kopen | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Klik hier
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kouse n en zeggen dat ze...
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Learn How To Write Faster for Work (Find Out Now)
Grammarly
Advertisement:
Learn More
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Banken haten het als senioren deze spaarrekeningen met hoge rente...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrisc he auto's kopen, zie...
SeekerHub Elektrische Auto's
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Alleen vandaag - Adid as tot -33% korting.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Tot wel 13 kg gewicht sverlies in slechts 6 weken? De Verbazin...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Los Angeles wildfires: Updates from Jan. 9, 2025
AP coverage of the California wildfires on Wednesday, Jan. 8, 2025.
AP News
Americans have dimmer view of Biden than they did of Trump o...
Americans have a dimmer view of Joe Biden’s presidency than they did at the...
AP News
Senioren zweren bij deze verborgen ‘suike rhack’ die hun leven...
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Black Deals: The North Face tot -50%* in de uitverkoop.
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Geen honger, geen strenge diëten? met deze capsules verbr...
consumer-review.eu
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Some notable quotes from Jimmy Carter's funeral
Jimmy Carter has been remembered at his funeral as a man of “character” and “som...
AP News
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontd ek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Verwijder ouderdoms vlekken met deze weinig bekende Ned...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Nu zoeken
Seeing around corners : Personalization Seein g around corners: Pe...
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vandaag nog!
GlucoSerenity:Advertisement
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Verisure®:Advertisement
Ontvang bod
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties:Advertisement
Meer informatie
Banken haten het als senioren deze spaarrekeningen met hoge rente ontdekken!
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Nu zoeken
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/philadelphia-phillies-playoffs-clinch-nola-70fe0add638cbfe2a616ceb0bd751ac6 
 ----- 
