Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
With MLB's 2nd-best record secured, Phils set sights on NLDS
Share
With MLB's 2nd-best record secured, Phils set sights on NLDS
Nola falls short of 200 innings, Castellanos plays 162nd game in regular-season finale
September 29th, 2024

Todd Zolecki

@ToddZolecki
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

WASHINGTON -- The Phillies had nothing to truly play for in Sunday afternoon's regular-season finale at Nationals Park, but their 6-3 victory over the Nationals gave them the second-best record in the Majors (95-67), which means they will have home-field advantage in every postseason series except a potential National League Championship Series matchup against the Dodgers, who own MLB’s best record (98-64).

Postseason FAQ: What’s next for Phillies?

The Phils will play the No. 3-seeded Brewers or the No. 6-seeded Mets/Diamondbacks in the NLDS.

A few happenings on Sunday:

Exhale
Before the finale, manager Rob Thomson said the games following a postseason clincher can be nerve-wracking because the team is trying to avoid injuries before the playoffs.

“You worry about their health,” Thomson said. “Are you doing the right thing? I kind of stress. It’s always on my mind.”

Phillies right-hander Aaron Nola needed just 5 2/3 innings to reach 200 on the season, but he got pulled after allowing a leadoff triple in the sixth to finish with 199 1/3. But one of Thomson’s worst fears almost came true in the second inning. Nationals catcher Drew Millas ripped a 98.8 mph line drive off the right side of Nola’s lower back.

Nola was OK, but it was a scary moment considering the right-hander's importance to Philadelphia’s postseason chances.

“Right in the back side of the love handle,” Nola said. “I got lucky on that one right there. It didn’t hit any bone.”

Mr. 162
Nick Castellanos played in his 162nd game, becoming the first Phillies player to play every game in a season since Freddy Galvis in 2017 and the first to start 162 games in a season since Jimmy Rollins in ‘07.

Phils fans in right field knew it. They held up signs that said “Congrats, Casty” and “162.”

“It’s pretty cool to say out loud,” Castellanos said. “It was fun. I want to play as much as possible, but I wouldn’t say it was a goal personally that I came up with.”

Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

1:11 AM UTC

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

2:26 AM UTC

What are these 4 Phils' chances at 2025 HOF?

January 8th, 2025

Answering fans' questions about Suárez's role, NLDS strategy & more

October 2nd, 2024

Phillies' party left on ice with magic number still at 1

September 19th, 2024

Phillies looking good, but still have questions to answer

September 14th, 2024

On Opening Day, Thomson looked at Castellanos and said, “162?” Castellanos said yes. Now, Thomson mentioned 162 games as a possibility to other players, too, but it stuck with Castellanos, even following a terribly slow start.

“I think it’s great,” Thomson said. “You don’t see it very much these days. I think it goes to his old-school thought process and approach. It’s something he wanted to do, and I’m really proud of him. I’m really happy for him. Because like I said, he’s gotten better as the season’s gone on. It’s not like at the end here he’s sucking wind. He’s thriving.”

Hays
Phillies left fielder Austin Hays rejoined the team on Tuesday after missing time because of a kidney infection. Thomson hoped to give Hays as many plate appearances as possible before the postseason, but the 29-year-old did not play Saturday or Sunday because of a sore back. It is unclear how he tweaked it.

The Phils don’t think it’s anything serious, but Thomson couldn’t say for certain if Hays will be OK to play by the start of the NLDS on Saturday.

“I mean, I hope so,” Thomson said.

If Hays is OK, he could platoon in left field, starting against left-handed pitchers, although Thomson has not dismissed the possibility that he could start against a right-hander. Hays has a .941 OPS against left-handers this season, compared to a .568 OPS against right-handers. Other candidates to start in left field against right-handers are Brandon Marsh (.792 OPS vs. righties), Kody Clemens (.689 OPS vs. righties) and Cal Stevenson (.769 OPS vs. righties).

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Clemens made a game-saving catch with the bases loaded and two outs in the ninth inning on Sunday, slamming into the left-field wall to end the game. He has looked comfortable in left field, which should improve his chances of having a role with the team this postseason.

“It would be amazing,” Clemens said. “I’m super grateful that I’ve been here for this time. To be a part of the celebrations so far has been amazing. We’ll see what happens. I’m here for it.”

The Phillies optioned right-hander Tyler Gilbert and recalled infielder Buddy Kennedy on Sunday in part because Hays and Johan Rojas (illness) were unavailable and they needed to make sure they had enough players. The move makes Gilbert ineligible for the NLDS roster.

Gilbert had been a candidate to be the last man in a projected eight-man postseason bullpen. Taijuan Walker, Max Lazar, Nick Nelson and Spencer Turnbull are the other candidates.

Taxi squad
The Phillies had seven players working out at Triple-A Lehigh Valley this past week: Kennedy, Lazar, Nelson, Stevenson, Turnbull and catchers Aramis Garcia and Rafael Marchán. Gilbert will join that group in Philadelphia this week.

The club will play an intrasquad game on Wednesday at Citizens Bank Park.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Aaron Nola

Senior Reporter Todd Zolecki has covered the Phillies since 2003, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/phillies-win-finale-secure-second-best-record-in-the-majors 
 ----- 
