Subscribe
Home
Latest
Subscriber Only
Crosswords & Puzzles
Ireland
Politics
Opinion
Business
World
Sport
Gaelic Games
Rugby
Soccer
Golf
Racing
Athletics
Boxing
Cycling
Hockey
Tennis
Your Money
Crime & Law
Property
Food
Health
Life & Style
Culture
Environment
Technology
Science
Media
Abroad
Obituaries
Transport
Motors
Listen
Podcasts
Video
Photography
History
Tuarascáil
Student Hub
Offbeat
Family Notices
Opens in new window
Sponsored
Subscriber Rewards
Competitions
Weather Forecast
Soccer
Euro 2024 playoffs: Mykhailo Mudryk’s late winner sends Ukraine to finals
Georgia make history as they beat Greece on penalties to qualify for a major tournament for the first time
Expand
Mykhailo Mudryk of Ukraine celebrates scoring the winning goal during the Euro 2024 playoff final against Iceland at Tarczynski Arena in Wroclaw, Poland. Photograph: Mateusz Porzucek/PressFocus/MB Media/Getty Images
Tue Mar 26 2024 - 21:56
Ukraine 2 Iceland 1

Ukraine have qualified for the Euro 2024 finals after a 2-1 victory over Iceland in their playoff final thanks to Mykhailo Mudryk’s late winner.

Serhiy Rebrov’s side have been unable to play in Ukraine throughout qualifying because of the ongoing conflict with Russia.

Ukraine enjoyed a large following at the Tarczynski Arena in Wroclaw, Poland, where many refugees settled after war broke out in their homeland in 2022.

Albert Gudmundsson opened the scoring with a stunning strike for the visitors after 30 minutes and Roman Yaremchuk saw an equaliser ruled out by VAR just before half-time. Ten minutes into the second half, though, Ukraine did have their equaliser thanks to Viktor Tsygankov’s fine finish after cutting in from the right.

READ MORE
Ken Early: The pursuit of calm, running from risk and Euro nationalism mark a mixed year of football
Charity fund for former players targeted by Man United regime
Salah stars as Liverpool rout West Ham to move eight clear in Premier League
Strand Larsen levels late for Wolves to deepen Postecoglou’s Spurs woes

The game looked to be heading to extra time but Chelsea forward Mudryk curled home from the edge of the area with six minutes remaining to send Ukraine to the finals.

Georgia 0 Greece 0 (aet, Georgia won 4-2 on penalties)

Georgia qualified for Euro 2024 thanks to a 4-2 penalty shoot-out win over Greece after a tense playoff final in Tbilisi ended 0-0 following extra-time on Tuesday to reach their first major tournament.

Georgia’s Nika Kvekveskiri converted his spot kick after Greece’s Giorgos Giakoumakis put his penalty wide to send the home crowd wild as their side edged through to the finals.

Giorgi Mamardashvili saved Greece’s first effort from Anastasios Bakasetas after the hosts had taken the lead in the shoot-out but Georgia’s Georges Mikautadze missed his spot kick to give the Greeks renewed hope.

When Giakoumakis sent Greece’s fourth penalty past the post that left Georgia’s Kvekveskiri to become the hero as he kept his cool and squeezed his right-foot spot kick into the net.

The home crowd had watched Georgia beat Luxembourg 2-0 in the playoff semi-final last Thursday but were made to suffer through Tuesday’s shoot-out before celebrating as never before.

Georgia will be in Group F alongside Portugal, Turkey and Czech Republic at the Euros in Germany which begin on June 14.

The game was a scrappy, nervy affair, with chances in normal time few and far between. Tempers flared on the stroke of half-time as both benches spilled on to the pitch with Georgia’s substitute goalkeeper Giorgi Loria shown a red card.

The game came to life close to the end of the opening period of extra-time, with Mamardashvili getting down to push away a shot from Bakasetas and Greece’s Konstantinos Mavropanos hitting the bar with a header.

Georgia then had the chance to snatch a winner when Georges Mikautadze passed to Zuriko Davitashvili at the edge of the six- yard box but his close-range effort was saved by Odysseas Vlachodimos and a penalty shoot-out seemed inevitable.

The optimistic home crowd displayed a banner before the game which read “Breaking news, Georgia make history” and, in the end, they could wave it proudly when Kvekveskiri’s decisive penalty hit the back of the net to send their team to Germany.

Listen to our Inside Politics Podcast for the latest analysis and chat
Sign up for push alerts and have the best news, analysis and comment delivered directly to your phone
Find The Irish Times on WhatsApp and stay up to date
Euro 2024
IN THIS SECTION
All in the Game: Charity fund for former players targeted by Man United regime
Ken Early: The pursuit of calm, running from risk and Euro nationalism mark a mixed year of football
Salah stars as Liverpool rout West Ham to move eight clear in Premier League
Strand Larsen levels late for Wolves to deepen Postecoglou’s Spurs woes
Premier League: Nottingham Forest climb to second; Ouattara rescues point for Bournemouth at Fulham
MOST READ
Nanci Griffith: From a Distance review: harrowing account of the country music star’s life that ended in isolation and alcoholism
Funeral of Marguerita O’Rourke hears woman killed in Rathkeale incident was ‘full of wonder’
Increased security on Dublin Bus routes after video shared of driver striking child
Four new military helicopters purchased for Air Corps in deal worth almost €100m
Young John F Kennedy ‘belittled’ Irish unification in meeting with diplomats
LATEST STORIES
Obituaries of the year: Ten notable people on the world stage who died in 2024
Orla Tinsley: The reality of having to fight for basic rights from all angles is exhausting
Will Robert F Kennedy jnr ‘go wild’ on health issues in the US and how will this play out?
What we talk about when we talk about the office
The Legend of Sparrow Robertson: The last sportswriter in Nazi Paris
Facebook page
Twitter feed

© 2024 The Irish Times DAC

Subscribe
Why Subscribe?
Subscription Bundles
Subscriber Rewards
Student Subscription
Subscription Help Centre
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
Gift Subscriptions
Support
Contact Us
Help Centre
Opens in new window
My Account
About Us
Advertise
Contact Us
The Irish Times Trust
Careers
Irish Times Products & Services
ePaper
Crosswords & puzzles
Newspaper Archive
Newsletters
Article Index
Opens in new window
Discount Codes
Opens in new window
Download the app
   
MyHome.ie
Opens in new window
The Gloss
Opens in new window
Recruit Ireland
Opens in new window
Irish Times Training
Opens in new window
RIP.ie
Opens in new window
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Information
Cookie Settings
Community Standards
Copyright
We value your privacy
We and our 81 partners store and access information on your device, such as unique IDs in cookies. This is done to process personal data. To take these actions we require your consent, which you can provide through the banner options. You can manage your preferences and object to processing based on legitimate interest at any time in the privacy policy page. Cookie Policy
Certain vendors, once consent is provided by you to the storage of information on your device and/or to the access of information already stored on your device, use legitimate interest to further process your personal data.
We and our partners collect and use data

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I ACCEPT MANAGE SETTINGS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishtimes.com/sport/soccer/2024/03/26/euro-2024-playoffs-mykhailo-mudryks-late-winner-sends-ukraine-to-finals/ 
 ----- 
