Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Sauer tallies Double-A affiliate's third immaculate inning of year
Share
Sauer tallies Double-A affiliate's third immaculate inning of year
September 18th, 2023

Brendan Samson

@brendan_samson
Share

0:00

0:28

The word "immaculate" doesn't come into play a lot in baseball.

For an immaculate inning, a pitcher must be perfect to the utmost degree, fanning all three batters on three pitches each.

In MLB history, only 114 immaculate innings have been notched in recorded history, but at Double-A Somerset this season, Yankees pitching prospects have done in three times, twice in the past week.

MLB Pipeline | Top 100 prospects | Prospect video

The most recent occurred Sunday in Somerset’s 7-1 win over New Hampshire at Delta Dental Stadium, where Matt Sauer sat down the opposing batters in order in the fifth inning.

The No. 25 Yankees prospect picked up his sixth victory of the season after allowing one run on two hits and two walks with nine strikeouts.

Rarity Score 2 pic.twitter.com/4Rjptrsmby

— Somerset Patriots (@SOMPatriots) September 17, 2023

Just five days earlier, Carlos Gomez posted an immaculate sixth in an 8-3 victory over the Fisher Cats, making Sauer’s the second such feat of the series with the Blue Jays affiliate.

The first one of the season for the Patriots was posted on July 15. No. 28 Yankees prospect Edgar Barclay entered the game in the fourth in long relief. He tallied an immaculate fifth while allowing two runs on six hits without a walk and six strikeouts in a 3-1 loss to Mets affiliate Binghamton.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Matt Sauer

Brendan Samson is a contributor to MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yankees-affiliate-records-three-immaculate-innings-in-2023 
 ----- 
