Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Jets
Jets QB Aaron Rodgers sees his return in the playoffs after having innovative surgery on torn Achilles

Aaron Rodgers got injured in his first game with the Jets

Give me your doubts...then watch what I do" - Aaron Rodgers pledges to return to NFL after injuryPat McAfee Show
LW
Actualizado 16/09/2023 - 20:49 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
New York Jets. Aaron Rodgers claims listening to dolphins having sex could heal his injury
NFL. Aaron Rodgers receives hot proposal from porn star Richelle Ryan to help with injury recovery

New York Jets quarterback Aaron Rodgers's torn Achilles' injury suffered on the season opener for the Jets against the Buffalo Bills was the worst possible start for the former Green Bay Packer as his arrival was very anticipated.

Many believed that Rodgers would be the person in charge of finally taking the Jets to their first Super Bowl in 55 years, however, he stepped onto the field only four minutes into the game and he had a terrible injury that forced number 8 out of the field.

Aaron Rodgers' Injury
Give me your doubts...then watch what I do" - Aaron Rodgers pledges to return to NFL after injuryPat McAfee Show

After the fact, the Jets pulled out all the stops, and thanks to Josh Allen's interceptions and fumbles, they managed to win the game in overtime.

Aaron Rodgers got injured in his first game with the Jets

Right after the injury, Jets' medical personnel hired the services of renowned orthopedic surgeon Dr. Neal ElAttrache who along with his talented team performed a procedure to insert an internal brace called 'speed bridge' on his fully torn left Achilles' tendon.

Rodgers will endure a procedure in Los Angeles on Wednesday in hopes that Rodgers could return sooner to play for the Jets. Added to the surgery, the QB might also receive platelet-rich plasma injections, made popular by Kobe Bryant who had the same injury back in 2013.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

Number 8 was interviewed on the Pat McAfee Show on Friday and spoke openly about what has been going on since the injury on Monday "There's a lot of different ideas about the overall length of the rehab, I think what I'd like to say is, just because nobody's ever done it in a certain way doesn't mean it's not possible,"

Rodgers elaborated those hopes are high but there are a lot of obstacles "I definitely have some odds stacked against me based on age, but I like it. Stack all the odds up against me and see what happens. My entire focus and dedication are about acquiring the most information and adding to what I've already put together as a pretty damn good rehab plan that's going to, I think, shock some people."

NFL - English
New York Jets - English
Buffalo Bills - English
Aaron Rodgers - English
Kansas City ChiefsPatrick Mahomes thankful for edit button after 'hate' tweet about Aaron Rodgers
New York JetsJets rookie Xavier Gipson is NY's new hero, as predicted by Aaron Rodgers' sidekick
New York JetsAaron Rodgers injured on first Jets drive: ruled OUT, leaves in walking boot
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-jets/2023/09/17/65065b1246163f06708b4585.html 
 ----- 
