Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
News
Patrick Mahomes Hypes Up Louis Rees-Zammit As NFL Great Sees Welshman’s ‘unreal Athletic Ability’ First-hand
Patrick Mahomes hypes up Louis Rees-Zammit as NFL great sees Welshman’s ‘unreal athletic ability’ first-hand
Colin Newboult
12 Jul 2024 1:14 PM
2

Louis Rees-Zammit alongside Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes.

Louis Rees-Zammit continues to impress following his switch to the NFL with the Welshman even earning lavish praise from the great Patrick Mahomes.

The 23-year-old has spent the past few months training with the defending Super Bowl champions Kansas City Chiefs after putting his rugby career on hold.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

Rees-Zammit joined the NFL’s international pathway program in January, spending 10 weeks in an intensive training camp before being made available as a free agent.

The Chiefs immediately took an interest and then secured his services on a three-year contract in March.

Training alongside the best

He is now training with a Kansas side that includes the likes of Mahomes and Travis Kelce on their roster as the former Gloucester flyer looks to make their final 53.

Although the chances of Rees-Zammit making it appeared small at the start, those odds have improved slightly thanks to his unique athletic qualities.

Mahomes was effusive with his praise for the Welshman, stating: “he’s fast, very fast”, before going on to discuss what he has seen in training.

“We’re starting him at running back. He’ll do a lot of special teams stuff, and he can actually catch,” the outstanding quarterback told the Riggle’s Picks podcast.

Ad

“It looks different, he catches it like he’s catching a rugby (ball), but he never drops the football, so you don’t complain about it.

“And I think what’s been the best part about it is he works his tail off. He understands that he needs to get better, he needs to continue to work.

“But the athletic ability is unreal. The 24 mph, or whatever they clocked him at in rugby, is real, that boy is fast.”

‘Great athlete’ Louis Rees-Zammit ‘a starter right now’ as Welsh star impresses Kansas City Chiefs

Using his skills

The new NFL season starts in September and by that point Rees-Zammit will have found out if he has made the roster.

There are pre-season matches in August, where the flyer is likely to have an opportunity to showcase his talents, before the Chiefs hierarchy make a decision over his future.

Even if he isn’t involved in the 53, the Welshman should at the very least be in the practice squad, which will keep his NFL dreams alive.

Will Louis Rees-Zammit make it in the NFL?
Yes
No

“It’s just about him learning football now compared to rugby,” Mahomes added.

“He’s got the toughness but, until he gets in the game and understands how to move and how to use that athletic ability, you don’t know exactly where he’s at. But when he’s in space, man, he can make stuff happen.”

READ MORE: Australian rugby sensation to follow Louis Rees-Zammit in chasing NFL dream

News
Louis Rees-Zammit
Patrick Mahomes
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
20 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit opens up on ‘brutal’ nature of his NFL axing from Kansas City Chiefs

Louis Rees-Zammit has spoken about the "cut-throat" nature to his departure from Super Bowl champions the Kansas City Chiefs.

David Skippers
17 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit reveals complexity of getting to grips with key aspect of NFL

Louis Rees-Zammit has revealed one of the toughest aspects he has encountered since making the transition from rugby union to American football.

David Skippers
17 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit makes honest admission on the transition from rugby to NFL

Former Wales and Gloucester flyer Louis Rees-Zammit has spoken about his decision to make the transition to American football.

David Skippers
13 Oct 2024
Louis Rees-Zammit receives honest verdict on his NFL chances from former rugby convert

Christian Wade has given his verdict on whether Louis Rees-Zammit will make a successful transition to American football with the Jacksonville Jaguars.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
37
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
21 hours ago
25
‘One-armed’ England star was ‘pissed off’ last season but British and Irish Lions dream is now within reach
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’
02 Jan 2025
4
Scarlets v Dragons: Five takeaways as hosts provide a ‘glimmer of hope’ while youngsters impress ahead of Six Nations announcement
01 Jan 2025
1
Wallabies progress under Joe Schmidt receives blunt verdict from Laurie Fisher
01 Jan 2025
1
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/patrick-mahomes-hypes-up-louis-rees-zammit-as-nfl-great-sees-welshmans-unreal-athletic-ability-first-hand 
 ----- 
