Skip to content
Subscribe Now
24°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Cole and Soto lead the Yankees past Athletics in 10 innings
New York Yankees pitcher Gerrit Cole throws against the Oakland Athletics during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 20, 2024, in Oakland, Calif. (AP Photo/Eakin Howard)
By JOSH DUBOW | | The Associated Press
PUBLISHED: September 21, 2024 at 7:14 AM EST

OAKLAND, Calif. — Gerrit Cole tuned up for the postseason by holding the Athletics to one run in nine innings and Juan Soto came off the bench to hit an RBI double in the 10th, giving the New York Yankees a 4-2 win on Friday night in the opener of the final scheduled homestand ever in Oakland.

“That’s the Cy Young,” Soto said. “That was the Cy Young going out there. I never doubted his ability and how great he is. It’s just great to see him doing that.”

Cole (7-5) was sharp after getting hit hard last Saturday in a loss to Boston, allowing two hits and one walk. He struck out seven and needed just 99 pitches to get past the sixth inning for the first time since shutting out Toronto in his final start of 2023.

“I think it was a combination of their aggressiveness and executing good pitches early in the counts,” Cole said. “There were some balls that were hit hard, but they were well located. I tried to funnel the balls to our our defenders.”

Cole got the win thanks in part to a rare pinch-hit appearance from Soto, who was scratched from the starting lineup with a sore left leg after sliding into a wall in Seattle on Thursday.

After a passed ball by Shea Langeliers allowed the go-ahead run to score in the 10th, Soto delivered his big hit off T.J. McFarland (2-4) for a 3-1 lead. Soto is 2 for 10 with four RBIs in 13 career pinch-hit appearances.

“It was great — showman-like,” Cole said. “He loves the moment. He loves it.”

Anthony Volpe, who entered the day in a 5-for-44 slump, added his second RBI single of the game to cap the three-run 10th.

Luke Weaver got three outs for his third save, helping the Yankees maintain their four-game lead over Baltimore in the AL East.

It was a disappointing start to the final stretch of games in Oakland. The A’s have five home games remaining this season before they leave town. They are set to play at least the next three seasons in Sacramento and intend a 2028 move to Las Vegas, where they are trying to build a new stadium.

Attendance for the opener of the series was 23,426, pushing the A’s season average over the 10,000 mark for the first time since opening night.

Both starters faced the minimum batters through 3 1/2 innings with Cole retiring his first nine batters and and Oakland turning double plays after both early hits allowed by J.T. Ginn.

The teams then traded runs with the A’s taking the lead on Langeliers’ RBI single in the fourth and Volpe tying it with his run-scoring single in the fifth.

“It was a good baseball game,” A’s manager Mark Kotsay said. “When you get to extra innings anything can happen. Overall, I thought we played good. We couldn’t get anything going against Cole. We’re not the first team to not get anything going against Cole.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Yankees: RHP Cody Poteet was reinstated from the 60-day DL and optioned to Triple-A. … RHP Ron Marinaccio was designated for assignment.

Athletics: RHP Ross Stripling (back) will throw a bullpen session on Saturday, face hitters on Tuesday and could pitch in the final weekend of the season in Seattle if all goes well.”

UP NEXT

LHP Carlos Rodon (15-9, 4.12 ERA) starts the middle game of the series for the Yankees against LHP JP Sears (11-11, 4.24).

Around the Web
Here's How Much You Should Pay for Affordable Gutter Guards
LeafFilter Partner
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Discover The Convenient Nail Clipper Designed for You
viveala
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
Instantly Get Rid of The Fear of Unexpected Leaks
Libiyi
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
Here's What a 1-Day Walk-in Shower Should Cost You
homebuddy.com
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
North Charleston: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Hair Will Grow Back! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
Psoriatic Arthritis Unveiled: Understanding the Key Symptoms
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Online Ingrezza Treatment for Tardive Dyskinesia Symptoms
Tardive Dyskinesia
Seniors on SS Are Now Entitled to These Big "Kickbacks" in South Carolina
The Consumer Guide
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
How To: Restore Perfect Vision Naturally (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vision
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Forget Furosemide, Use This Household Item to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Do This Once Daily, Your Hair Will Grow Like Crazy (Watch)
WG Hair Restore
Neuropathy? When The Burning, Tingling & Numbness Won't Stop - Do This
WellnessGaze Neuro
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Neuropathy? When the Nerve Pain Won't Stop, Do This
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Brain Surgeon - Do This to Relieve Tinnitus and Hearing Loss
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Enlarged Prostate? Try This Today - It's Genius
WellnessGaze Prostate
Sciatica and Back Pain? Try This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Back Health
If You Have Hypertension or a "Weak Heart", Watch This Now
WellnessGaze Heart
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Repossessed Cars Sitting in North Charleston: Get Them! See the Price
Repo Cars I Search Ads
This is What Happens When You Eat 2 Bananas Every Day
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Most Unhealthy Breakfast Foods to Avoid in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
HS Wrestling Wrap: Robbinsville edges Allentown on Cataldo’s pin
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
Amira Pinkett helps Hun girls basketball pull away from Pennington
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
From coaching to the business world, Safet Kastrat still giving back to Mercer County
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
No more cash tolls at Route 1 bridge connecting Trenton and Morrisville
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
Guest Oped: Medina Health Center – A New Chapter of Care and Community in Trenton
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN MLB
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict
2024
September
21
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/21/cole-and-soto-lead-the-yankees-past-athletics-in-10-innings/ 
 ----- 
