Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Flush it and move on': Rea, Brewers looking forward
Share
'Flush it and move on': Rea, Brewers looking forward
September 12th, 2024

Adam McCalvy

@AdamMcCalvy
Share

0:01

0:07

SAN FRANCISCO -- The best thing the Brewers could say about Wednesday’s blowout loss to the Giants at Oracle Park is that they haven’t endured many nights like this.

Usually reliable right-hander Colin Rea saw his ERA jump from 3.72 to 4.21 after he set dubious career highs, allowing 10 earned runs and 11 hits over four innings of a 13-2 defeat. It wasn’t Milwaukee’s most lopsided loss this season -- that was a 12-run loss to the Yankees on April 27 -- but it came close. In the bottom of the eighth, first baseman Jake Bauers, armed with a fastball that mostly sat below 70 mph, took the mound.

Bauers allowed two runs but also recorded three outs, one on his first career strikeout. He tossed the baseball to the Brewers dugout so it could be authenticated by MLB and preserved for posterity, which was good for a smile at the end of a tough night.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

“We’ve got a special team here, so we don’t play many games like this,” Bauers said. “That’s a trait, I think, of really good teams.”

Manager Pat Murphy often notes his team’s knack for staying in ballgames, and the numbers back him up. The Brewers have only suffered 16 losses by more than three runs, the fewest in the Majors, and are the only team under 20 such defeats. In 60 percent of their losses -- 37 of 62 -- the Brewers have been within two runs. More than a third -- 23 of 62 -- have been one-run losses.

None of that was any consolation for Rea, who found himself in an 8-0 hole before recording his fourth out after the Giants put four runs on the board in the first inning and four more in the second on the way to a 10-1 lead by the end of the fourth.

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

January 10th, 2025

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Bauers returns to Crew on make-good deal

January 6th, 2025

Cubs to sign RHP Rea to bolster pitching depth (source)

1:43 AM UTC

Rea, Montas become free agents on busy day for Brewers

November 4th, 2024

Brewers decline Sánchez's option, making veteran free agent

November 2nd, 2024

It made Rea the sixth pitcher to be saddled with 10 earned runs this season. Nobody has allowed more than that this year. The last Brewers pitcher to get knocked around for double-digit earned runs was Alec Bettinger, who yielded 11 runs to the Dodgers in his only Major League start in May 2021 -- the only other time this decade that a Brewers pitcher has allowed double-digit earned runs.

The unfortunate club record belongs to left-hander Bill Travers, who was saddled with 14 earned runs on 18 hits while covering 7 2/3 innings in Game 2 of a doubleheader against Cleveland in August 1977.

“It kind of felt like, timing-wise, they were on everything,” Rea said.

With 154 innings in the books, the 34-year-old is well beyond last year’s total (124 2/3 in the regular season) and beyond his previous career high (144 for Triple-A Iowa in the Cubs system in 2019), but Rea doesn’t believe fatigue is a factor.

So, he will rewatch Wednesday’s outing, looking for clues beyond missed locations as to why Giants hitters were able to pound him for 11 hits, including four doubles and three home runs.

“It just seemed to me like they were on time for a lot of stuff,” Rea said. “But for the most part, ‘flush it’ and move on is the best way to approach it. I’ve had outings like this before and you have to move past it.”

The outing went sideways from the start, with Tyler Fitzgerald’s double hanging up in the air forever but managing to find green grass between left fielder Jackson Chourio and center fielder Blake Perkins. Still, Rea was within one strike of escaping a scoreless inning when, with catcher William Contreras watching a runner break for second with a stolen base in mind, Rea misplaced a four-seam fastball to the point that it eluded Contreras’ glove for a run-scoring passed ball.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

On the next pitch, LaMonte Wade hit a run-scoring single. The next batter was Jerar Encarnacion, who hit a two-run homer.

Rea’s last three starts have each ended after four innings. He has a couple of weeks to get back on track before he’s presumably lined up to start Game 2 or perhaps Game 3 of a postseason series.

“Colin hung in there and gave us four innings so we didn’t have to go into our ‘pen any deeper,” Murphy said. “He didn’t have his great stuff, but he’s done so much for us that I’m confident. He’s probably a little worn out, like a lot of the guys are, but there’s no time for that. He’ll bounce back.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Colin Rea

Supervising Club Reporter Adam McCalvy has covered the Brewers for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

January 10th, 2025

Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

January 10th, 2025

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/colin-rea-brewers-fall-to-giants-in-tough-loss 
 ----- 
