Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
BAY AREA
News
Weather
Sports
Video
54°

Watch CBS News

SF GIANTS
Giants fall 8 games back of third NL wild card after loss to Brewers

Updated on: September 10, 2024 / 10:27 PM PDT / AP

William Contreras had three hits and drove in a run, Garrett Mitchell hit a home run and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Francisco Giants 3-2 on Tuesday night.

Aaron Civale (6-8) allowed two runs in 5 1/3 innings, pitching well against the Giants after throwing seven shutout innings against them two weeks ago at home and improving to 4-2 since being traded to the Brewers from the Rays in July.

"They came out a little aggressive on some pitches in the zone, (and I) just came back at them with some aggressive pitches of my own," Civale said. "Just tried keep the ball in the zone in spots that felt they couldn't handle super well, and I did that for the most part."

The NL Central-leading Brewers, who entered the game having lost four of five, are now 4 1/2 games ahead of the Cubs in the division. The Giants fell eight games back of the third NL wild card.

Milwaukee improved to an NL-best 66-3 when leading after seven innings.

"I can criticize a couple things here and there, but I thought the guys competed again," Brewers manager Pat Murphy said. "Another close game. It's about our 90th this year within one or two runs."

Four of the Brewers' first five batters got hits to start the game off Giants starter Landon Roupp (0-1). Contreras singled home Jackson Chourio, and Willy Adames knocked in Contreras to give Milwaukee a 2-0 lead.

Matt Chapman hit an RBI double in the bottom of the first for the Giants. Mitchell and Mike Yastrzemski traded solo homers in the sixth inning.

Mitchell, who was looking for a fastball but wound up driving out an offspeed pitch from Tristan Beck on the first pitch, delivered a key insurance run. The Brewers' focus is not on the magic number to clinch the NL Central, which slipped to nine with Tuesday's win, he said.

"I think today was just about coming out, playing our brand of baseball and bringing it to them," Mitchell said. "Obviously, it gets exciting as you get closer to the end, knowing that's coming. But I don't think that's the prime focus."

DL Hall, Trevor Megill and Devin Williams combined to shut out the Giants over the final 3 2/3 innings. Williams earned his 10th save, striking out Tyler Fitzgerald with the tying run on second to end the game.

Roupp settled down after the first, allowing two runs in five innings with no walks. The 26-year-old made his first career start for the Giants on his birthday, getting the late call to replace scheduled starter and fellow rookie Hayden Birdsong.

"Couldn't have had a better birthday present," Roupp said.

Giants manager Bob Melvin said that Birdsong was feeling fine, but wanted Roupp — who had made 19 appearances out of the bullpen but had not pitched since last Thursday — to not go too long without pitching.

"I felt really good," Roupp said. "I felt like I pounded the strike zone. In the first inning inning, I let a couple of pitches leak over the zone and gave up some early hits. But after that, I felt like I locked in and settled in."

Roupp is an option to both start and come out of the bullpen, Melvin said.

"He has the repertoire," he said. "He's been a starter before. We like him both ways, but good to see him stretched out some and give us five innings and certainly keep us in a game."

TRAINER'S ROOM

Giants: RHP Jordan Hicks (right shoulder inflammation) was scheduled to pitch in a rehab assignment with Single-A San Jose on Tuesday … LHP Robbie Ray (left hamstring strain) is set to throw a bullpen session on Wednesday.

UP NEXT

LHP Blake Snell (2-3, 3.62 ERA) is scheduled to pitch for the Giants on Wednesday, opposite RHP Colin Rea (12-4, 3.72 ERA) for the Brewers.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

More from CBS News
SF supervisors select Mandelman to serve as new board president
SF's flagship Union Square Macy's store not on 2025 closure list
Brock Purdy's contract looms as major offseason issue for the 49ers
Man charged with attempted murder after shooting at San Francisco SoMa homeless shelter
In: MLB Milwaukee Brewers San Francisco Giants Sports

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
Contact KPIX
News
Sports
Weather
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KPIX-TV / CBS5
Public File for KPYX / KPIX+
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
View CBS News In
 CBS News App
OPEN
CONTINUE
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/sanfrancisco/news/contreras-has-3-hits-mitchell-homers-and-brewers-beat-giants-3-2/ 
 ----- 
