Listen to great music on ZED 101.9FM

Listen Now
Breaking News

2024 Eastern Music Awards: Daasebreba Kwame crowned Artiste of the Year

Menu
Search for
 Home/Sports/C.K Akonnor praises ‘tactically-aware’ Kwesi Appiah’s impact on Sudan’s football
C.K Akonnor praises ‘tactically-aware’ Kwesi Appiah’s impact on Sudan’s football
Lukman MUMINOctober 15, 20240 28 1 minute read
Facebook
 
X
 
Print
 FORTALEZA, BRAZIL - JUNE 21: Head coach James Kwesi Appiah of Ghana looks on prior to the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil Group G match between Germany and Ghana at Castelao on June 21, 2014 in Fortaleza, Brazil. (Photo by Laurence Griffiths/Getty Images)

By Lukman MUMIN, Accra

Former Ghana coach Charles Kwablan Akonnor has hailed Sudan coach Kwesi Appiah for being “tactically aware” of modern football.

Appiah, who had Akonnor as his assistant during his tenure with the Ghana national team, has revitalized the fortunes of the Sudanese national as they look set to upset the Black Stars for a place in next year’s AFCON.

With Appiah as coach, the Falcons of Jediane have achieved four victories in seven matches, placing them two points clear of Senegal in Group B of the 2026 World Cup qualifiers and currently second in Group F of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.

Appiah was at the helm when Sudan held Ghana to a goalless draw at the Accra Sports Stadium in the AFCON qualifiers. The second leg is set for Tuesday, October 15, in Libya.

“He is as good as he was with the Ghana national team. He does not talk much but tactically, the modern trend of football, he is aware,” Akonnor told Joy Sports.

“If anybody says he does not know anything, it is a lie and that is what we are fond of doing. He has transformed this team [Sudan]. They are fearless, very confident and it can only be the work of Kwasi Appiah.”

 Share
Facebook
 
X
 
Print
Nigeria set to boycott AFCON 2025 qualifier against Libya
Jordan Ayew donates to orphanage in Liberia ahead of Sudan game
Related Articles
Asante Kotoko officially unveil striker Kwame Opoku
6 hours ago
Kotoko coach Prosper Ogum discloses tactics used to beat Hearts
6 hours ago
GFA set to dissolve Black Stars technical team
6 hours ago
Leave a Reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Comment *

Name *

Email *

Website

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Most Viewed Posts
October 6, 2023
Ghanaian wins prestigious Africa Continental Best Teacher Award
February 13, 2023
Govt distributes over 40,000 furniture to schools
April 8, 2024
Zedmultimedia staff complete fire safety training
Useful Links
News
Business
Politics
Lifestyle
Sports
Entertainment
Technology
Contact Information
Our Address:

East Legon, 6 Anyetey St.

For any enquiries contact our official email address: info@zedmultimedia.com

Zed Multimedia offers comprehensive media experience including TV, Radio, Newspaper, Online platforms, and a Tech Hub.
Enter your Email address
© Copyright 2024, All Rights Reserved. ZED Multimedia   
Facebook
X
LinkedIn
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://zedmultimedia.com/2024/10/15/c-k-akonnor-praises-tactically-aware-kwesi-appiahs-impact-on-sudans-football/ 
 ----- 
