Font Resizer
Aa
▷ TV3 Live
2024 Election Results
Live
Elections Updates
John Mahama
Dr. Bawumia
3News > Latest Posts > Sports > Football > Five players who could inspire Ghana to victory over Sudan
Five players who could inspire Ghana to victory over Sudan
Ghana's key players poised to deliver against Sudan in pivotal AFCON Qualifier
Last updated: October 14, 2024 6:11 pm
By
Rabbi Adu Agyei
Share
5 Min Read
Ghana starting lineup for Sudan game
SHARE

Ghana face a daunting task in their 2025 Africa Cup Of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers as they prepare for a make-or-break encounter against Sudan on Tuesday, October 15, 2024, in Benghazi, Libya.

Ghana are winless in their last three AFCON qualifying games, with a record of two draws and one loss, leaving them in a precarious position with the fear of not qualifying for the continent’s biannual showdown for the first time since 2004.

As Ghana gears up to face Sudan in their pivotal AFCON qualifier on Tuesday, 3sports highlights five players the Black Stars can count on to deliver the crucial win.

Elisha Owusu

The talented midfielder, who seamlessly filled the void left by assistant captain Thomas Partey, must repeat his outstanding display and rekindle the dynamic partnership he formed with Ibrahim Sulemana in the first leg at the Accra Sports Stadium on Thursday.

You May Also Like
 2024 CAF Awards: Kudus lone Ghana star as rivals sweep top honours
 Ronaldo announces bid for Brazilian FA presidency
 Chelsea winger Mudryk ‘in shock’ at failed drugs test
 From human rights advocate to controversial leader: The evolution of Akufo-Addo
 2024 CAF Awards: Ghana’s Aziz Issah misses out on Goal of the Year

Elisha Owusu’s experience and vision on the field make him a crucial cog in Ghana’s midfield. The 26-year-old’s ability to control the tempo of the game and pick out incisive passes could prove decisive in breaking down Sudan’s defence.

Jordan Ayew

Jordan Ayew’s goal-scoring ability and leadership will be vital in applying pressure on Sudan’s backline.

The 33-year-old forward has consistently delivered for Ghana, and his expertise will be essential in unlocking Sudan’s defensive rearguard.

Jordan has recorded four goals in his last five matches for the senior national team, including his famous hat-trick against Central Africa Republic in Ghana’s impressive 4-3 victory.

Jordan will need to come up clutch again tomorrow in Ghana’s all-important match against Sudan.

Alexander Djiku

Alexander Djiku’s stability and defensive prowess will be crucial in containing Sudan’s attacking threats on Tuesday.

Djiku, who has bailed Ghana out on many occasions, would be needed to repeat his heroic performances and control the backline of the Black Stars.

Aside his defensive duties, Djiku is also a threat from set pieces, an avenue which could be advantageous and get goals for Ghana if the attackers misfire upfront, as they did in the first game of the doubleheader.

The 30-year-old centre-back has been a mainstay in Ghana’s defence, and his experience will be invaluable in tomorrow’s clash.

Alidu Seidu

Arguably Ghana’s best player in the first leg at the Accra Sports Stadium, Alidu Seidu would be needed to go the extra mile to help Ghana secure the win and get maximum points against the resilient Sudanese side.

Alidu Seidu’s pace and agility make him a formidable force on the flanks. The 24-year-old right-back’s ability to deliver quality crosses into the box could create scoring opportunities for Ghana’s strikers in crucial moments.

Similar to Djiku, Seidu has proven to be a defender with a knack for scoring crucial goals for the four-time AFCON champions, as evidenced by being the sole scorer for the Black Stars in the 2025 AFCON qualifiers.

Mohammed Kudus

Mohammed Kudus’ creativity and work rate will be essential in controlling the tempo of the game. The midfielder’s vision and passing range make him a lively wire.

Kudus hopes to find his goal-scoring touch for Ghana against Sudan on Tuesday, after enduring a nine-month dry spell. Since the 2023 AFCON, where he scored a brace against Egypt, Kudus is yet to score for the Black Stars.

With the added responsibility of leading the team in Andre Ayew and Thomas Partey’s absence, Kudus must lead by example, steering the Black Stars to success against Sudan; a feat which will see Ghana inch close to their 11th consecutive AFCON participation.

Otto Addo, the gaffer of the Black Stars, will be counting on these players to rise to the occasion and secure all three points. With Sudan seeking to capitalize on their recent draw, the Black Stars must be at their best to emerge victorious.

Let's Serve You Better

Your feedback is crucial. Tell us what you loved and where we can do better. We are always looking for ways to do better.

Share Feedback!
TAGGED:
2025 AFCON Qualifiers
black stars
Ghana
Sudan
Share This Article
Facebook
Leave a Comment
Up Next
FOOTBALL
FIFA opens first permanent regional office in Africa, Morocco
December 17, 2024
FOOTBALL
Ademola Lookman and Barbra Banda win top honors at 2024 CAF Awards
December 17, 2024
FOOTBALL
2024 CAF Awards: Mohammed Kudus named in Team of the Year
December 16, 2024
WORLD
‘I thought I would die’ – freed Ghanaian captive tells BBC of life in West African jihadist base
December 16, 2024
FOOTBALL
Bashir Hayford grabs November GPL Coach of the Month award
December 16, 2024
FOOTBALL
My wild celebration against Hearts of Oak predetermined – Kotoko coach, Ogum
December 16, 2024
FOOTBALL
I anticipated Osei Asibey’s mistake based on his style – Kotoko coach Prosper Ogum
December 16, 2024
FOOTBALL
Black Queens to face Egypt or Rwanda in 2026 WAFCON qualifiers
December 16, 2024
Show More
Infocenter
About Us
About Media General
Contact Us
Advertise
Media Kit
Ghana Politics
Politics
Election Command Centre
National Democratic Congress (NDC)
New Patriotic Party (NPP)
President Akufo-Addo
Follow US
© 2024 MG Digital Media | All Rights Reserved
About Us
Privacy Policy
Actionable Feedback Policy
Publishing Principles
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://3news.com/sports/football/five-players-who-could-inspire-ghana-to-victory-over-sudan/ 
 ----- 
