Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
News
Mark McCall’s Verdict On Fergus Burke’s Debut Who Has The ‘same Skill-set’ As Owen Farrell
Mark McCall’s verdict on Fergus Burke’s debut who has the ‘same skill-set’ as Owen Farrell
Jared Wright
22 Sep 2024 10:19 AM

Mark McCall has hailed the performance of former Crusaders playmaker Fergus Burke.

Saracens boss Mark McCall has hailed the performance of former Crusaders playmaker Fergus Burke who made his Premiership debut against Gloucester.

Burke was a key member of Scott Robertson’s Crusaders team and was viewed as a potential All Blacks fly-half before signing a deal to join Saracens ahead of the 2024/25 season.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

The English-qualified playmaker joined the Premiership club following the departure of club captain Farrell to Racing 92 and impressed his new boss in his first competitive outing for the side.

Delight for Saracens

Saracens’ director of rugby McCall was delighted with the opening-day performance as they came away from Kingsholm with a 35-26 victory – a scoreline that flattered their opponents, Gloucester.

The impressive Andy Onyeama-Christie scored two tries for Saracens, with Ivan van Zyl and Tobias Elliott also going over as Burke kicked two conversions and two penalties on debut.

Freddie Thomas, Freddie Clarke, Jack Clement and Seb Blake scored tries for Gloucester, with George Barton adding three conversions.

McCall praised the performance of his team particularly after seeing club stalwarts Farrell, Mako and Billy Vunipola and Sean Maitland all depart during the summer.

“We approached pre-season differently as we’ve got a younger squad with a pack which is more athletic and faster so we were able to work them harder. Remarkably Maro Itoje at 29 is the oldest by some distance,” he said.

Ad

“Fergus (Burke) had an impressive debut. He is a different personality to Owen (Farrell) but he has the same skill-set to him by being able to pass and kick excellently.

“Obviously the victory is pleasing but today was about how we approached the game in terms of effort and competition.

“Parts of our rugby can improve but I’m more than happy with the energy and the buzz factor we showed towards the game, with our new skipper Maro (Itoje) looking as if he means business.”

Saracens kick-off post-Owen Farrell era with impressive win over Gloucester

“The Premiership is a relentless league.”

Meanwhile, Gloucester head coach George Skivington admitted “losing the opening game is tough to take” after Saracens punished the Cherry and Whites’ errors.

“I’m disappointed to lose as we knew what Sarries would bring as they are a clinical side,” he said.

“Every ball we dropped they capitalised on and our inability to get on the front foot cost us.

Ad
Is Owen Farrell the greatest Saracens player ever?
Yes
No


“The positive is that we played with endeavour for the whole 80 minutes and to get a bonus point at the end was pleasing, but we know the Premiership is a relentless league.

“We dropped a lot of balls in the first half as their line-speed shot us down and their work at the breakdown was outstanding.

“We secured a lot of good positions but gave away some soft penalties to let them off the hook, so losing the opening game is tough to take.”

READ MORE: Maro Itoje hits out at Eddie Jones’ ‘inaccurate’ assessment and rubbishes acting classes claim

News
Fergus Burke
Mark McCall
Owen Farrell
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Jared Wright
5 hours ago
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list

Owen Farrell features in the same list that Siya Kolisi did during his first season in the Top 14.

James While
02 Jan 2025
Chris Robshaw: The Premiership Team of My Life as ex-All Blacks star misses out to ‘most dedicated’ Owen Farrell while ‘hard as nails’ forward hailed

We caught up with Harlequins legend, Chris Robshaw, to pick his brain on the best XV he has played with or against in the Premiership for eToro.

Colin Newboult
31 Dec 2024
Nine players to watch in 2025: Ireland starlet ‘gunning’ for Lions role after breakthrough year while South African ‘tearaway’ to become ‘top-class’ Springbok

Picking our players to watch for 2025 after another thrilling year in the sport.

Louis Chapman Coombe
28 Dec 2024
Saracens boss reflects on ‘ugly and horrible’ defeat to Bath that could ‘make or break’ season

Mark McCall has laid down a challenge to his side following their record-breaking defeat to Bath.

Editor's Picks
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
02 Jan 2025
26
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker
02 Jan 2025
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Test Rugby
Matt Williams: Springboks must ‘evolve’ to stop Ireland’s ‘perfectly designed’ tactics to exploit them
2 hours ago
5
Sir Clive Woodward claims Premiership coach who plays ‘rugby from the gods’ would solve England’s problems ‘at a stroke of a pen’
3 hours ago
1
Sir Clive Woodward: The foreign-based player who ‘can win England the World Cup’ as RFU urged to go the Springboks route
4 hours ago
3
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
5 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
5 hours ago
22
Champions Cup
Champions Cup reject controversial law trial as four World Rugby amendments go live
3 hours ago
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/mark-mccalls-verdict-on-fergus-burkes-debut-who-has-the-same-skill-set-as-owen-farrell 
 ----- 
