Skip to content

City 'til I die Laughing: 16 Jan | Tickets available now!

Open navigation menu
Cork City FC Shop
Open search
Open account page
Open cart
0
News
Harry Nevin Signs for City!

Jan 12, 2024

By Aaron Howey

Cork City FC are delighted to announce the signing of Harry Nevin.

The 19-year-old defender returns to the club after spending three seasons at Preston North End and the second half of last season at Waterford.

Nevin originally joined City’s Under 15 side from Douglas Hall, before making the switch to Preston in July of 2020.

Capped by the Republic of Ireland up to Under 19 level, Nevin can play at right back or in the centre of defence, and he told CorkCityFC.ie that he was pleased to be back: “I’m delighted to be back at City. I’m looking forward to the season ahead and focussed on getting the club back to where it should be.”

“I have always kept an eye on City since I left, and there have been some good times in the last few years and some not so good times. The team looks good, and Tim and the staff are working hard with all of us, so it is coming together nicely. We just need to continue our preparations and attack the season.”

“It is great to have the chance to play for my hometown club at senior level. I just have to work hard now and earn myself a place in the team. The City fans are brilliant and I just cannot wait to play in front of them.”

Welcoming his latest signing, City boss Tim Clancy said: “Harry is a local lad who knows the club and knows what it means to the city and the supporters. He did very well here at academy level before moving to England, so there is an opportunity there for him now and we are looking forward to working with him. He is quick, strong and can play in a few different positions, so he will add to our defensive options and I am very happy to have him on board.”

Share
Reading next

Joe O'Brien-Whitmarsh Signs for Southampton

Jan 12, 2024
Aaron Howey

Cian Coleman Signs New Contract

Jan 16, 2024
Aaron Howey

Leave a comment

This site is protected by hCaptcha and the hCaptcha Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Name
E-mail
Message
Submit

Sign up for our official club newsletter and special offers!

E-mail
Subscribe

Menu

Search
Latest News
Gift Card / Voucher
Returns
Privacy Policy
Contact Us

About

We are Cork City Football Club, born in 1984.

Taiwan (TWD $)

© 2025, Cork City FC Shop. Powered by Shopify. Designed by Spéire.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.corkcityfc.ie/blogs/news/harry-nevin-signs-for-city?srsltid=AfmBOopc5zbl0AEYIgg2vQDQP-6aLEl4jVCRPzYdY29CUZeW3JZTQGrs 
 ----- 
