HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Saudi Arabia vs Oman: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 14, 2024 at 10:46 AM
Modified at :
January 14, 2024 at 10:46 AM

Waseem

0
0
Saudi Arabia have won the AFC Asian Cup on three occasions but never in the 21st century.

Saudi Arabia will begin their 2023 AFC Asian Cup campaign with a fixture against Oman at the Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar on 16 January 2024. Both teams are favourites to qualify from Group F into the knockout stages by securing the top two direct qualifying positions.

Considering the high stakes on the line, both Saudi Arabia and Oman will go all the way for victory and three points. Starting the tournament with a win will also help build momentum and boost morale. As the teams prepare for their first game of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup, here is what to expect from their clash:

Kick-off

Tuesday, 16 January 2024, 11:00 PM IST (17:30 GMT) at the Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar.

Form

Saudi Arabia (all competitions): W-W-W-D-W

Oman (all competitions): L-W-L-W-W

Player to Watch
Firas Al-Buraikan (Saudi Arabia)
Al-Buraikan has scored six goals for Saudi Arabia. (Courtesy: cadn.com.vn)

Firas Al-Buraikan is a lethal forward who has been enjoying his time at the club level. The striker has 13 goals and five assists in 19 matches for Al-Ahli SC across the Saudi Pro League and the King’s Cup. He has six goals in 36 appearances for the Arabian Falcons and will likely add more to his tally considering his recent form.

Muhsen Al-Ghassani (Oman)
Al-Ghassani will be Oman’s main man up front. (Courtesy: AFC)

Muhsen Al-Ghassani will be the focal point in Oman’s frontline. He is a good finisher who also has the habit of dropping deep to help with the build-up. The striker has eight goals in 45 international caps and the fans will be expecting him to find the back of the net several times at the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. Saudi Arabia’s defenders will be wary of him and his threat inside the box.

Match Facts
Saudi Arabia have kept a clean-sheet in each of their last five matches.
Oman have defeated Saudi Arabia only three times in 26 games.
Saudi Arabia have won the AFC Asian Cup on three occasions but never in the 21st century.
Head-to-Head

Total Matches Played – 26

Saudi Arabia wins – 18

Oman wins – 3

Draws – 5

Predicted Line-up
Saudi Arabia (3-5-2)

Al-Aqidi (GK), Al-Bulayhi, Al-Saluli, Al-Tambakti, Mukhtar Ali, Kanno, Yahya, Al-Dawsari, Ghareeb Radif, Al-Buraikan, .

Oman (4-4-2)

Al-Mukhaini (GK), Al-Alawi, Al-Khamisi, Al-Braiki, Al-Kaabi, Al-Saadi, Fawaz, Al-Yahyaei, Al-Yahmadi, Al-Subhi, Al-Ghassani

Match Prediction for Saudi Arabia vs Oman

It is set to be a close game but Saudi Arabia have better individual players than Oman who can make the all-important difference when push comes to shove.

Prediction: Saudi Arabia 2-0 Oman

Telecast for Saudi Arabia vs Oman

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Saudi Arabia – Shahid

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap!

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-saudi-arabia-vs-oman-preview 
 ----- 
