HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Thailand vs Kyrgyz Republic: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 14, 2024 at 9:33 AM
Modified at :
January 14, 2024 at 9:33 AM

Waseem

0
0
Both teams are underdogs to qualify for the AFC Asian Cup knockout stages from their group.

Thailand and Kyrgyz Republic will square off against each other in their opening fixture of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha, Qatar on 16 January 2024. The national teams find themselves in Group F, which also includes Saudi Arabia and Oman.

Thailand and Kyrgyz Republic are ranked lower than the other two teams in FIFA rankings and have lesser chances of securing one of the top two spots that ensure direct qualification into the knockout stages. This means that both teams will be directly competing for the third spot, which can ensure them a place in the knockouts as the best third-placed teams.

Winning this contest will be vital for both Thailand and Kyrgyz Republic to grab a ticket to the Round of 16. Three points in the first game of the tournament will fetch momentum and a confidence boost that may motivate either side to cause an upset later on. As the fixture nears, here is a look at what to expect:

Kick-off

Tuesday, 16 January 2024, 8:00 PM IST (14:30 GMT) at the Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha, Qatar.

Form

Thailand (all competitions): L-D-L-W-L

Kyrgyz Republic (all competitions): W-L-L-D-W

Player to Watch
Supachok Sarachat (Thailand)
Sarachat plays club football J1 League.

Supachok Sarachat is one of the players in Thailand’s squad who is shouldering a lot of expectations from the fans back home. The 25-year-old plays for Japanese club Hokkaido Consadole Sapporo which plies its trade in the J1 League. Supachok Sarachat is a pacy winger who will be essential to his team’s attack in the AFC Asian Cup. He will look to add to the seven goals he has for the national team.

Joel Kojo (Kyrgyz Republic)
Joel Kojo is a versatile forward. (Courtesy: AFC)

Joel Kojo is an exciting talent in the Kyrgyz Republic squad who loves to involve himself in goal-scoring opportunities. The versatile forward recently scored in a 2-1 win over Vietnam in an international friendly ahead of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup. He has two goals in eight appearances for the national team and will be gunning to add to this tally in the forthcoming fixtures.

Match Facts
Thailand are ranked 113 and Kyrgyz Republic are ranked 98 in FIFA rankings ahead of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup.
Both teams have met only once previously.
Theerathon Bunmathan of Thailand has 90 appearances for the national team, the most in the squad.
Head-to-Head

Total Matches Played – 1

Thailand wins – 1

Kyrgyz Republic wins – 0

Draws – 0

Predicted Line-up
Thailand (4-3-3)

Pathomakkakul (GK), Selanon, Dolah, Bunmathan, Kaman, Yooyen, Panya, Sukjitthammakul, Mueanta, Sarachat, Chaided.

Kyrgyz Republic (4-2-3-1)

Tokotaev (GK), Zhyrgalbekuulu, Kozubaev, Akmatov, Sagynbaev, Abdurakhmanov, Shukurov, Azarov, Merk, Mischenko, Kojo

Match Prediction for Thailand vs Kyrgyz Republic

Thailand have slightly better quality on paper and experience to boast of than Kyrgyz Republic which can be the difference maker in the upcoming contest. It should be a close contest with the War Elephants edging past their opponents narrowly. 

Prediction: Thailand 2-0 Kyrgyz Republic

Telecast

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Kyrgyz Republic – YTPK

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

Australia – Network 10

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-thailand-vs-kyrgyz-republic-preview 
 ----- 
