Arab News Thursday .  January 02, 2025
Search
 
     
LATEST NEWS
Sport
Middle-East
Business & Economy
Saudi Football
Saudi Arabia
Milan boss says injuries will be ‘no excuse’ for not performing in Italian Super Cup
Previous
Pause
Next
Home
Pakistan launch Olympic qualifying bid with 6-1 hockey loss against Great Britain in Oman
Pakistan launch Olympic qualifying bid with 6-1 hockey loss against Great Britain in Oman
Players of Britain celebrate after winning Pakistan v Great Britain Olympics qualifier in Oman on January 15, 2024. (International Hockey Federation)
Short Url

https://arab.news/8y34g

Pakistan, three-time Olympic champions, have failed to qualify for the last two editions of the Olympics
GB’s men have not won an Olympic medal since 1988, missed out on semifinal spot to India at Tokyo 2020
Updated 16 January 2024
NAIMAT KHAN
January 16, 2024 10:32
124
     
 Follow

KARACHI: Pakistan began their bid to qualify for a first Olympics in 12 years with a 6-1 loss against Great Britain on Monday in Oman, the Pakistan Hockey Federation said in a statement ahead of Pakistan’s game against China today, Tuesday.

Pakistan, three-time Olympic champions, have failed to qualify for the last two editions of the Games. GB’s men have not won an Olympic medal since 1988 and missed out on a semifinal spot to India at Tokyo 2020.

“In the ongoing Olympic qualifier event in Muscat, Oman, Pakistan lost to England by six goals to one in their first pool match,” PHF said. “Abdul Hanan Shahid scored the only goal for Pakistan.”

Pakistan could not take advantage of the four penalty corners received during the match, while the England hockey team received 12 penalty corners.

“The England hockey team established the lead from the beginning of the match and played with a better strategy, scoring two penalty corners, one penalty stroke and three field goals, while the only goal from Pakistan was scored by Abdul Hanan Shahid through a field goal,” PHF said.

Last year, the International Hockey Federation stripped Pakistan of hosting rights for the Olympic Qualifier tournament due to “non-cooperation and interference in the PHF’s affairs” by the government, marking a setback for the South Asian country which was once counted among the global powerhouses of the sport.

According to the FIH, China, Spain and Pakistan were supposed to host the qualifiers from January 13 to 21. The matches in Pakistan were scheduled to be held in Lahore.

Field hockey, Pakistan’s national sport, once propelled the country to Olympic gold and global glory, but the game has waned in popularity and participation over the past two decades. 

According to the latest rankings released by the IHF last August, Pakistan is ranked at number 15 in the world in field hockey.

       Follow
Topics: OLYMPIC PAKISTAN #OMAN HOCKEY ARAB NEWS PAKISTAN
You May Also Like
Write Better and Faster With This Desktop App
Grammarly
Install Now
Saudi Arabia executes 6 Iranians for drug trafficking
arabnews
Unsold eco friendly homes in Taipei (Take a look at the prices)
Eco Homes | Search Ad
Learn More
Israel’s former defense chief Galla nt quits politics
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
Pakistan government, Imran Khan's party to resume talks next week to break political deadlock
Imran Khan's party to present charter of demands in written form next week, says joint statement
Khan’s ouster in a parliamentary no-confidence vote in April 2022 has plunged Pakistan into a political crisis
Updated 36 sec ago
NAIMAT KHAN
January 02, 2025 20:12
     

ISLAMABAD: Former prime minister Imran Khan's Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) party and the ruling coalition government will hold their third round of talks to break the prevalent political deadlock in the country next week, a joint statement from both sides said on Thursday.
The government and PTI held their second round of formal negotiations on Thursday. The first round of formal negotiations between the two sides took place on Dec. 23, with the PTI asked to present its demands in writing on Jan. 2.
Khan's party has put forward two demands: the release of political prisoners and the establishment of judicial commissions to investigate protests on May 9, 2023, and Nov. 26, 2024, which the government says involved his party supporters, accusing them of attacking military installations and government buildings.
"The PTI committee informed that to present their Charter of Demands they be presented an opportunity to meet and consult Imran Khan and seek his guidance," the joint statement said.
"They said that Imran Khan has allowed this negotiation process to begin so it is important to seek his instructions on taking it forward in a positive manner," it added.
The committee said after meeting and holding discussions with Khan, it will be able to present its demands in the next meeting between the two sides.
The statement said Dar responded by saying that the government expected the PTI to present its demands in writing today, Thursday, so that the negotiation could move forward.
"It was decided that the third meeting of both the committees would be held next week after the PTI committee met with Imran Khan," the statement said.
The government's team was led by Deputy Prime Minister Ishaq Dar, Rana Sanaullah, Irfan Siddiqui, Raja Pervaiz Ashraf, Syed Naveed Qamar, Farooq Sattar, Ijaz-ul-Haq, and Khalid Hussain Magsi.
The opposition committee included Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Chief Minister Ali Amin Gandapur, Salman Akram Raja, Sahibzada Hamid Raza, Asad Qaisar, Omar Ayub, and Raja Nasir Abbas.
Khan’s ouster in a parliamentary no-trust vote in 2022 has plunged Pakistan into a political crisis, particularly since the PTI founder was jailed in August last year on corruption and other charges and remains behind bars. His party and supporters have regularly held protests calling for his release, with many of the demonstrations turning violent.
The talks between the two sides opened days after Khan threatened a civil disobedience movement, and amid growing concerns he may face trial by a military court for allegedly inciting attacks on sensitive security installations during the May 9, 2023, protests.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN TEHREEK-E-INSAF (PTI) PARTY IMRAN KHAN
You May Also Like
Use an AI Writing Tool That Actua lly Understands Your Voice
Grammarly
Install Now
An armed man kills at least 10 people, including 2 children, in a shooting rampage in Montenegro
arabnews
Explore the Top 20 Cleanest and Safest Blue Flag Beaches Worldwi de
zenlifemag
Learn More
Bangladesh court again rejects bail for Hindu leader who led ralli es
arabnews
by Project Agora
Promoted Links
Pakistan Navy flotilla arrives in Iran, holds bilateral passage exercise
Pakistan, Iran navy commanders discuss matters of mutual interest, cooperation in maritime security
Exercise aimed to promote shared learning through coordinated activities between both navies
Updated 26 min 6 sec ago
SHAHJAHAN KHURRAM
January 02, 2025 19:49
     

ISLAMABAD: Pakistan Navy said on Thursday its flotilla visited Iran’s Port Bandar Abbas where officials of the two navies held talks before a passage exercise was held.
According to the navy’s media release, Pakistan Navy ships Rasadgar and Azmat, along with Pakistan Maritime Security Agency (PMSA) ship Dasht, visited Port Bandar Abbas during their overseas deployment.
The flotilla was led by Commander 14th Destroyer Squadron, Commodore Muhammad Umair.
“The Mission Commander, along with the Commanding Officers, held meetings with naval leadership of Iran,” the statement said. “During these interactions, matters of mutual interest, Navy-to-Navy engagements, and cooperation in maritime security were discussed.”
Both the PN and PMSA ships later conducted a Passage Exercise with an Iranian Navy ship, the statement said. 
It added that the exercise aimed to enhance interoperability between the two navies and promote shared learning through coordinated activities.
“The visit of the PN flotilla to Iran is expected to further strengthen existing diplomatic ties and cordial relations between the two nations,” Pakistan Navy said.
A passage exercise is a routine drill involving the navies of friendly foreign countries that occurs while visiting each other’s ports or during a rendezvous at sea.
Pakistan Navy regularly partakes in bilateral exercises with regional countries to stem the spread of illegal maritime activities such as human smuggling, piracy and drug trafficking.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN NAVY
Turkish group bids below minimum fee for Islamabad Airport operations
Cash-strapped Pakistan wants to generate revenue to speed up privatization push
Consortium bids to pay government 47% of revenue from operations as concession fee
Updated 49 min 42 sec ago
REUTERS
January 02, 2025 19:20
     

KARACHI: A Turkish consortium, the sole bidder to take over the operations of Pakistan’s Islamabad airport, has offered a concession fee below the minimum threshold, the chairman of the bid evaluation committee said on Thursday.
The cash-strapped South Asian country is looking to generate revenue by speeding up a privatization push, including outsourcing the running of three major airports.
The consortium, comprising Terminal Yapi, ERG Insaat and ERG UK, bid to pay the government 47% of its revenue from operations in the form of a concession fee, short of the 56% minimum set by the government, the aviation and airports authority said.
The matter will now be referred to the International Finance Corporation (IFC) — a member of the World Bank Group, which is advising Islamabad on the outsourcing — before Pakistan takes a decision on whether the bid can go through.
“The details of the financial proposal will ... be presented and forwarded to the IFC for further evaluation and submission of final reports,” said Sadiq ur Rehman, the chairman of the bid evaluation committee and deputy director general of Pakistan Airports Authority.
Pakistan is also looking to offload a 60% stake in debt-ridden airline PIA to raise funds and reform state-owned enterprises as envisaged under a $7 billion International Monetary Fund program.
A failed attempt to privatize the national flag carrier in October also received a single offer, well below the asking price.

       Follow
Topics: ISLAMABAD AIRPORT
India’s network of extrajudicial killings and kidnappings has spread globally, says Pakistan
The Washington Post published report on India’s “methodical assassination program” to kill Pakistani nationals in Pakistan
There are other countries too that have supported our position and have seen India’s foreign activities, says foreign office
Updated 02 January 2025
ARAB NEWS PAKISTAN
January 02, 2025 16:16
11
     

ISLAMABAD: Pakistan’s foreign office spokesperson reacted to a report this week by The Washington Post about India carrying out assassinations in neighboring Pakistan, saying that New Delhi’s network of extrajudicial killings has spread globally. 
The Washington Post published a report on Dec. 31 on a “methodical assassination program” employed by India’s Research and Intelligence Wing (RAW) intelligence agency since 2021 to kill at least a half dozen people deep within Pakistan. 
The report examined six cases in Pakistan through interviews with Pakistani and Indian officials, the militants’ allies and family members, and a review of police documents and other evidence collected by Pakistani investigators. 
“We have seen that India’s network of extrajudicial killings and kidnappings has spread globally now,” Mumtaz Zahra Baloch, the foreign office spokesperson, said in response to a question during a news briefing. “There are other countries too that have supported our position and have seen India’s foreign activities. They are concerned about these activities, especially the killings of foreign nationals on foreign soil.”
The report and Pakistan’s reaction to it comes amid tense relations between India and Canada hitting new lows in 2023 after the Canadian government said it was investigating a link between Indian government agents and the killing of a Sikh separatist leader, Hardeep Singh Nijjar, on Canadian soil. 
New Delhi denies involvement in Nijjar’s killing, and “strongly” rejected Canada’s allegations. 
Pakistan has repeatedly blamed India for sponsoring “terrorism” on its soil, blaming the country for arming and aiding militants in southwestern Pakistan, where it alleges New Delhi is targeting its economic partnership with China. 
“Pakistan has raised expressed serious reservations over extrajudicial killings carried out by India’s intelligence agencies within Pakistan,” the spokesperson said. 
Nuclear-armed India and Pakistan have fought two of three wars after independence from British rule in 1947 over the disputed former princely state of Kashmir. The first war was fought in 1947, the second in 1965, and a third, largely over what became Bangladesh, in 1971.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN INDIA
Pakistan says not in contact with new Syrian leadership, supports efforts to uphold country’s unity
Pakistan believes Syria’s future should correspond to aspirations of the Syrian people, says foreign office
Opposition forces in Syria ousted former president Bashar Assad in December after lightening offensives
Updated 02 January 2025
ARAB NEWS PAKISTAN
January 02, 2025 15:37
6
     

ISLAMABAD: Pakistan’s foreign office spokesperson confirmed on Thursday that Islamabad has not established direct contact with the new Syrian leadership yet, reiterating that it supports a solution that upholds the unity and territorial integrity of the Middle Eastern state.
Opposition forces in Syria, after lightening military campaigns, seized the capital Damascus in December 2024 as then-President Bashar Assad fled to Russia. The Syrian leader was ousted after 13 years of civil war and more than 50 years of his family’s rule over the country. 
Days after Assad was ousted, Pakistan said it supported an “inclusive political process” in Syria and believed that the Middle Eastern nation’s future should be determined by its people without foreign interference. 
 “I would not like to comment on specific details, but at this stage we do not have direct contacts with the leadership of Syria,” Foreign Office Spokesperson Mumtaz Zahra Baloch said in response to a question. “But our embassy remains active in Syria.”
She said the Pakistani government has consistently supported efforts aimed at finding a “comprehensive solution” to the situation in Syria.
“The solution that upholds the unity, sovereignty and territorial integrity of Syria,” Baloch said, adding that Pakistan believes the future of Syria should correspond to the aspirations of the Syrian people for security, stability and development. 
“And Pakistan will continue to promote peace and stability in Syria,” she said. 
Following Assad family’s ouster after over five decades in power, opposition forces’ leader Ahmad Al-Sharaa’s Hayat Tahrir Al-Sham (HTS) stamped its authority on the Syrian state with the same lightning speed it seized the country. 
The HTS deployed police, installed an interim government and has been meeting foreign envoys, raising concerns over how inclusive Damascus’ new rulers intend to be. 
The appointment of Mohammed Al-Bashir, the head of the regional government in HTS’ enclave of Idlib, as Syria’s new interim prime minister last month underlined the group’s status as the most powerful of the armed groups that battled for more than 13 years to end Assad’s iron-fisted rule.

       Follow
Topics: PAKISTAN FOREIGN OFFICE PAKISTAN SYRIA TIES
Latest Updates
Milan boss says injuries will be ‘no excuse’ for not performing in Italian Super Cup
 30
Bashar Assad poisoned in Moscow: Report
 682
Saudi Arabia closes $2.5 billion Shariah-compliant credit facility for budget financing
 64
Ministry of Culture launches crafts hackathon as part of Year of Handicrafts
 83
Closing Bell: Saudi Arabia’s TASI closes in green at 12,103
 48
Recommended
MIDDLE-EAST
How two civilian deaths highlighted the tragic toll of Middle East conflict
 700
WORLD
How questions of sovereignty and security are fueling instability in the Sahel
 540
SAUDI ARABIA
2024 Year in Review: The events that testified to Saudi Arabia’s transformation
 1193
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.arabnews.com/node/2442356/pakistan 
 ----- 
