ADVERTISEMENT
ADVERTISE WITH STUFF
January 06 2025
Kia ora, Aotearoa
LOGIN
NZ NEWS
QUIZZES
TFN
LIFE & STYLE
SPORT
Former leading New Zealand cricket umpire Fred Goodall dies aged 83
Ian Anderson

October 19, 2021 •03:58am

Share

Play Video
Former leading umpire Fred Goodall dies

Fred Goodall, who was New Zealand cricket’s leading umpire for two decades, has died aged 83.

Goodall umpired 24 tests and 15 one-day internationals between 1965 and 1988 but was best known as being the victim of an elbow in the back from West Indies fast bowler Colin Croft during their tumultuous tour of New Zealand in 1979-80.

Apparently angered at being called for bowling no-balls and a denied caught-behind appeal, Croft collided with Goodall as he neared the crease after changing his approach to the wicket on day four of the second test between New Zealand and the West Indies at Lancaster Park in Christchurch in February 1980.

Former test cricket umpire Fred Goodall pictured in his Newlands home in 2013.
ROSS GIBLIN / STUFF

During the previous day of play, West Indies captain Clive Lloyd kept his team in the changing rooms after the tea break for 11 minutes as they insisted Goodall be replaced, before emerging to continue playing.

READ MORE:
* Twenty20 World Cup: Ireland seamer Curtis Campher joins exclusive club with four wickets in four balls
* Twenty20 World Cup: Stunning Martin Guptill catch not enough for Black Caps in warm-up loss to Australia
* T20 World Cup: Sri Lanka survive top order collapse to beat Namibia in nervy start


“When we went off at tea that day they had made up their mind to get me changed,” Goodall told The Press in 2006.

“When Woodward went to knock on the door after the tea break to indicate the umpires were going out he was told ‘we aren't going anywhere with that man Goodall’.”

When they relented, Goodall said the visitors showed no interest in the game.

“They would not go after easy catches, they let the ball go to the boundary, they couldn't have cared less. When [NZ captain Geoff] Howarth got his hundred I remember one of them saying ‘now you've let the skipper get his hundred I suppose we can play real cricket now’.”

Goodall said on day four, Croft became angry after he turned down an appeal against Sir Richard Hadlee from Croft for caught behind.

“Richard told me later the ball brushed his glove but I could only respond to what I saw. Croft flicked the bails off as he went back to his mark and said, ‘Good luck to you’.”

He said the blow from Croft hurt.

“I remember rubbing it and I was shocked. Lloyd just stood there and did absolutely nothing. I felt totally let down. Croft just said ‘Why don't you stick to f..... schoolteaching because you don't know anything about cricket’.”

Goodall had to walk to Lloyd, standing unmoved in the slips, to demand action.

“I said to him I had already taken verbal rubbish and for the first time been physically struck so do something about it. Lloyd did not even talk to Croft at the time.

“It was one of the lowest points of my umpiring career and my credibility was exposed to the whole world watching on television.”

OVAL
OFFICE

Get the latest rugby updates, straight to your inbox

Sign up now

In 2013, Goodall told the Dominion Post he wasn’t keen when someone in the media tried to tee up a reconciliation with Croft, when the latter returned to New Zealand as a radio commentator in 1999-2000.

“Somebody from the press came to my flat in Rintoul St in Newtown and I saw this guy coming up the stairs and I went to the door and said to the guy, ‘No, I'm not talking to him. Goodbye.’ I knew immediately what they were trying to do.”

In the first test in Dunedin, where New Zealand won a dramatic test by one-wicket, Goodall was at square leg when fellow umpire John Hastie gave NZ batsman John Parker not out when it appeared he’d got a glove to a delivery from speedster Michael Holding – resulting in Holding kicking two stumps out of the ground at the batsman’s end.

“I remember going to Lloyd then and saying ‘please control your players, this is unacceptable behaviour’. Lawrence Rowe at second slip piped up ‘you're nothing but a pack of cheats’. John Hastie and I were told to f... off.”

Fred Goodall umpired 24 tests and 15 ODIs in a lengthy career.
ROSS GIBLIN / STUFF

Goodall said he met Lloyd in 2005 when the West Indian was the match referee for a test between NZ and Australia at the Basin Reserve.

“He apologised to me at the top of stairs at the Basin. We quickly shook hands. It was, sort of, for a couple of watchers on.”

How did you feel?

“All right.”

Goodall also officiated in a test in 1986-87 against the West Indies when new captain Viv Richards raised the issue again, questioning his objectivity.

He was also in the spotlight when he adjudged Australia's Allan Border lbw to Hadlee at the Basin Reserve in 1986, giving Hadlee his 300th test wicket.

Umpire Fred Goodall gives Australia's Allan Border out lbw for New Zealand's Richard Hadlee's 300th test wicket.
JOHN SELKIRK / STUFF

“Paddles said to me, 'I had [Geoff ] Marsh out earlier in the morning and you didn't give it'.

“I can see now 'that bloody Goodall has put his finger up because he wants to be in on the act of being part of the 300th wicket for Paddles'. He autographed that photo of me, appealing to me and me doing that.”

It’s understood Goodall was the youngest umpire to appear in test cricket at 27 years and 32 days when he was appointed alongside WT Martin when New Zealand played Pakistan in Christchurch in February 1965.

WOMEN IN SPORT
HE WĀHINE HĀKINAKINA
Full coverage

He was the first New Zealand cricket umpire to officiate in 100 first-class matches and was New Zealand Cricket's national umpire training and development officer from 1989-1997.

Goodall's last first-class cricket umpiring was a match between Central Districts and Wellington in 1989.

After he finished umpiring, the Wellington-based Goodall excelled in masters athletics as a javelin thrower and became a long-serving athletics official.

Goodall was appointed an Officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit, for services to sport, in the 1999 New Year Honours. He had double heart bypass surgery in 2008.

This article was a team effort.

Delivering top-notch sports news takes more than a keyboard.

You need journalists close enough to smell the liniment. Photographers swinging insanely large (and expensive) zoom lenses. A beautiful mind crunching all the player stats.

It takes a team. And that team needs your support.

If quality local sport journalism is important to you, become a Stuff supporter today. You can make a contribution for as little as $1.

Support Stuff’s journalism today
- Stuff

Share

MORE FROM STUFF
Murder-accused tearful as he appears on charge relating to dead child found in vehicle
By Stuff reporters
High-flying UK couple leave Queenstown rental owing $17k
By Debbie Jamieson
Justin Trudeau to resign as Canadian PM, reports
By Sam Smith
Kolkata: India’s most underrated must-visit destination
SPONSORED
SPONSORED CONTENT BY MALAYSIA AIRLINES
Man reportedly shot in leg while trying to buy $2000 shoes
‘Show some damn respect’: Council lays into toilet vandals in angry social media post
By Sam Smith
Subscribe for digital access
Support Stuff
Contact us
Advertising
Careers
Send your stories to
newstips@stuff.co.nz
Digital News Provider of the Year 2024
Editorial code
Privacy policy
Terms & conditions
Cookies policy
© 2024 Stuff Limited
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.stuff.co.nz/sport/cricket/300433260/former-leading-new-zealand-cricket-umpire-fred-goodall-dies-aged-83 
 ----- 
