    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
MONDAY, JANUARY 6, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  World T20: Sri Lanka overcome early wobble to beat Namibia
SPORTS
World T20: Sri Lanka overcome early wobble to beat Namibia
October 18, 2021 0
Sri Lanka bowled well to keep Namibia under 100 (Photo: ICC)

A thorough all-round performance from Sri Lanka helped them secure a comprehensive seven-wicket win in the first game of their ICC Men’s T20 World Cup campaign against Namibia.

After a minor hiccup in the beginning, Sri Lanka made light work of the 97-run target and chased it down with seven wickets and 39 balls to spare. The win takes Sri Lanka to the top of the Group A table with a net run rate of +2.607.

The Sri Lankan bowlers had won half the battle for their team in the first innings as the Namibia batters looked uncomfortable against the spin as well as the genuine pace. Maheesh Theekshana took three wickets, while Lahiru Kumara and Wanindu Hasaranga each had two.

With the bat, an unbeaten 74-run partnership between Avishka Fernando and Bhanuka Rajapaksa guided Sri Lanka to victory as Namibia let an early advantage slip away.

Namibia make early in-roads

Having put up a target of only 97, Namibia needed its bowlers to bag early wickets to make a game of it. Kusal Perera was the first batter to make the long walk back after a slower one from Ruben Trumpelmann deceived the southpaw. The mis-hit carried to JJ Smit at mid-off, who completed a good diving catch to his right.

Sri Lanka lost their other in the next over when Bernard Scholtz trapped Pathum Nissanka in front of the stumps. Smit then struck with the first ball of his spell to give Namibia some hope of a fightback as Dinesh Chandimal’s rut with the bat continued.

Fernando and Rajapaksa to the rescue

Sri Lanka were in a precarious position at 26/3 after the wicket of Chandimal. Namibia were pumped up after a great opening spell from their bowlers and were smelling blood.

Under pressure, Fernando, Sri Lanka’s in-form batter, and Rajapaksa steered Sri Lanka out of trouble. Both players took the attack to the bowlers, with Rajapaksa assuming the role of the aggressor with four fours and a maximum. Sri Lanka went into the drinks break at 68/3 and in a much better position than they were at the Powerplay.

After the break, Sri Lanka pressed on the accelerator, perhaps keeping in mind Ireland’s healthy net run-rate after the first game, and finished the game inside 14 overs. (ICC)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
IICA, Rotary Georgetown and NAREI join forces for Beautification Project at Palms
Next article
World T20: Warm-up wins for India, South Africa and Australia
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Sparta Boss crowned champions of Kashif and Shanghai/One Guyana National Futsal Championship
Sports
Babar, Masood fight for Pakistan after South Africa enforce follow-on
Sports
Soca Warriors get $6.8M from government for World Cup campaign
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Linden to see major housing expansion with 11 areas already set for regularisation this...
Editor - January 5, 2025
President Ali asks Lindeners for ‘political responsibility’ to unify, continue development in Region 10
Editor - January 5, 2025
1 million passengers transited through ports of entry in 2024
Editor - January 5, 2025
Underperforming contractors represents ‘small minority’ – Min Edghill
Editor - January 5, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a  daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
October 2021
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3
4	5	6	7	8	9	10
11	12	13	14	15	16	17
18	19	20	21	22	23	24
25	26	27	28	29	30	31
« Sep   Nov »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2021/10/18/world-t20-sri-lanka-overcome-early-wobble-to-beat-namibia/ 
 ----- 
