Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
ADVERTISEMENT
SPORTS
Commentary: Angels lose 5 to waivers: Team saves chump change, likely regrets trading prospects
Lucas Giolito will pitch for his third team this season after the Cleveland Guardians claimed him off waivers from the Angels. (Icon Sportswire / Icon Sportswire via Getty Images)
By Steve Henson
Staff Writer 
Aug. 31, 2023 Updated 12:42 PM PT
Share

The problem with the Angels returning items purchased a month ago is not so much that they only got back 50 cents on the dollar. It’s that they didn’t get back the players they forked over in trades.

So while they saved $2.427 million when the Cleveland Guardians claimed starter Lucas Giolito and reliever Reynaldo López off waivers Thursday, the two highly regarded minor league prospects they sent to the Chicago White Sox at the trade deadline for them will remain on the South Side.

Five Angels players placed on waivers were claimed. The Guardians also grabbed reliever Matt Moore, saving the Angels $1.3 million, the Cincinnati Reds claimed outfielder Hunter Renfroe, saving the Angels $2.1 million, and the Seattle Mariners took reliever Dominic Leone, saving about $100,000.

Big day for Ohio in the waiver world.

Cleveland claimed right-handed starter Lucas Giolito, left-handed reliever Matt Moore and right-handed reliever Reynaldo Lopez.

Cincinnati claimed outfielders Hunter Renfroe and Harrison Bader.

— Jeff Passan (@JeffPassan) August 31, 2023

In addition to saving the $5.93 million the four players are paid in September salary, the Angels also saved $1.186 million in what they’d have paid in luxury tax of 20%. It’s unclear whether the money saved brings the Angels payroll under the luxury tax threshold of $233 million, although they are close enough that the tax wouldn’t be burdensome.

ADVERTISEMENT

Of greater importance is that if the Angels are below the threshold, they would receive a second-round pick if Shohei Ohtani leaves in free agency. If they are above the threshold, they would receive only a fourth-round pick.

A sixth player placed on waivers by the Angels, outfielder Randal Grichuk, reportedly was not claimed, meaning the team must pay the remaining $1.6 million of his salary.

SPORTS

Angels try to put their curse on waivers with Shohei Ohtani and Mike Trout on the shelf

For most of their history, the Angels have been beset by mediocrity and misfortune. The latest development with their two superstars only adds to the narrative.

Aug. 30, 2023

What is clear is that the Angels saved chump change for the players claimed while the cost in prospects to acquire them might be immeasurable. And that’s not even considering the prospects they could have obtained had they traded Shohei Ohtani at the deadline.

ADVERTISEMENT

The trade for Renfroe also triggers seller’s remorse. Reliever Elvis Peguero, one of three pitchers the Angels shipped last November to the Milwaukee Brewers in exchange for the slugger, has emerged as a bullpen stalwart after refining his sinker to get more vertical movement.

Considered expendable after struggling to a 6.75 ERA in 17 appearances last year for the Angels, Peguero, 26, has posted a 3.42 ERA in 53 appearances in Milwaukee. He won’t be arbitration eligible until 2026, making him a tremendous bargain.

Conclusion? The Angels gave up too much for Renfroe’s 19 home runs and a .242 batting average, even if the other pitchers in the trade — Janson Junk and Adam Seminaris — never pan out.

ADVERTISEMENT

And depending on how well catcher Edgar Quero and left-handed pitcher Ky Bush develop in Chicago, Angels general manager Perry Minasian could rue his trading deadline spree for years.

ANGELS

Angels place six players on waivers, including Hunter Renfroe and Lucas Giolito
Aug. 29, 2023

Quero, 20, vaulted to the top of Angels prospects lists after batting .312 with 17 home runs and 75 RBIs at class-A Inland Empire last year even though he was more than two years younger than the average California League player.

The Cuban import hasn’t hit as well at double-A this season but continues to exhibit exceptional bat-to-ball skills, having struck out only 70 times while drawing 67 walks in 415 plate appearances. Most impressively, the average double-A player is 3.6 years older than Quero, who is ranked as the No. 3 prospect in the White Sox farm system by MLB.com.

The Angels drafted Bush, 23, in the second round of the 2021 draft out of St. Mary’s College. Bush, 6 feet 6 and 240 pounds, was 7-4 with a 3.67 ERA last season in 21 double-A starts and pitched in the Futures Game, climbing to No. 2 behind Quero in the Angels’ prospect rankings.

An oblique injury set Bush back early this season and he’s exhibited command issues in 11 starts since his return, but MLB.com still has him ranked as the White Sox’s No. 9 prospect.

Conclusion? The Angels overpaid for Giolito, the Harvard-Westlake High product who was a disappointing 1-5 with a 6.89 ERA in six starts, and López, who notched two saves in 13 appearances since the trade.

ANGELS

Perry Minasian defends Angels’ treatment of Shohei Ohtani, says he turned down imaging
Aug. 26, 2023

Leone, a 10-year veteran, was nearly useless to the Angels, posting a 5.54 ERA in 13 innings. Yet the price for him was steep. The Angels sent to the Mets versatile double-A infielder Jeremiah Jackson, a second-round pick in 2018 who turned down a scholarship to Mississippi State to sign for $1.95 million.

The Guardians and Reds — who also claimed New York Yankees outfielder Harrison Bader — were able to snag multiple players because waiver priority is determined by reverse order of winning percentage.

Teams with zero chance of making the playoffs had no incentive to claim a player who would be with the team for only another month. Teams on the fringe, believing they can earn a wild-card berth — or in Cleveland’s case a division title — despite steep odds, had first dibs of players on the waiver wire. The Guardians were the first of those teams, and the Reds were third, following the Miami Marlins.

More to Read
Shaikin: Yes, the Angels are signing players. But what can they expect from Mike Trout?
Nov. 25, 2024
Angels can field an entire lineup of first-round draft picks. So why can’t they win?
July 15, 2024
Angels struggled with Mike Trout and Anthony Rendon. How much worse can they get?
May 2, 2024
SPORTSANGELSDODGERS
Newsletter

Go beyond the scoreboard

Get the latest on L.A.'s teams in the daily Sports Report newsletter.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Steve Henson
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Steve Henson is a breaking news and enterprise reporter at the Los Angeles Times. He previously served as an editor and reporter in the Sports department. Henson was a leader in digital-only newsrooms from 2007-19 as a senior editor and columnist at Yahoo Sports and as senior editor at the USA Today Sports Media Group. This is his second stint at The Times, having covered the Dodgers and UCLA as well as doing enterprise, investigative and features writing from 1985-2007. Henson was awarded first place in sports features in 2023 and in 2021 by the L.A. Press Club. He has been honored several times by APSE — most recently in 2023 and 2021 — and also by the California News Publishers Assn., the Football Writers Assn. of America and U.S. Basketball Writers Assn.

More From the Los Angeles Times

HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS

Sondheimer: This City Section soccer rivalry takes it to the limit
Jan. 12, 2025

HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS

Buena High’s Karisma Lewis living up to her name
Jan. 12, 2025

UCLA SPORTS

Working while he waits for bigger role, UCLA’s 7-foot-3 Aday Mara is no sleeping giant
Jan. 12, 2025

HIGH SCHOOL SPORTS

Prep talk: Newbury Park girls soccer players to honor their favorite teachers
Jan. 12, 2025
Most Read in Sports

SPORTS

Riviera Country Club still stands after Palisades fire. Will it host Genesis Invitational next month?
Jan. 10, 2025

CHARGERS

Interception barrage, including a pick-six, helps Texans bury shell-shocked Chargers
Jan. 11, 2025

UCLA SPORTS

UCLA women’s basketball team copes with fear, uncertainty during fire threat
Jan. 11, 2025

CHARGERS

Houston is not the ‘Big Easy’ as Texans intercept Chargers’ playoff dreams
Jan. 12, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
Fire victims compete to find new homes as real estate market rages in Pacific Palisades, Altadena
As wildfires rage, private firefighters join the fight for the fortunate few
Rents likely to balloon in wake of L.A. wildfires, experts say
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Sports
Rams vs. Minnesota Vikings: How to watch, prediction and betting odds
Jan. 12, 2025
Kings’ five-game winning streak ends in loss to Calgary
Jan. 11, 2025
Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry lead Ravens to playoff win over Steelers
Jan. 11, 2025
Flyers blow out Ducks in Cutter Gauthier’s boo-filled return to Philadelphia
Jan. 11, 2025
Prep basketball roundup: Anaheim Canyon ends Mira Costa’s 19-game winning streak
Jan. 11, 2025
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/story/2023-08-31/mlb-waiver-claims-angels-players-guardians-lucas-giolito-reynaldo-lopez-matt-moore-reds-hunter-renfroe 
 ----- 
