 
 
 
 
 
LATEST STORIES
BUSINESS
FINANCE
TECHNOLOGY
LIFESTYLE
SPORTS
POLITICS
ENTERTAINMENT
 
HEADLINES
LaMelo Ball makes 1st comments after being fined $100K by NBA
The league came down hard on Ball, levying the maximum fine possible
Associated Press / INQUIRER.net US Bureau / 06:01 AM November 18, 2024

Charlotte Hornets’ LaMelo Ball (1) watches the ball during the second half of an NBA basketball game against the Cleveland Cavaliers in Cleveland, Sunday, Nov 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

Charlotte Hornets star guard LaMelo Ball said Sunday night that he didn’t mean to offend anyone with a comment the NBA said was “offensive and derogatory” while slapping him with a $100,000 fine.

Following Saturday’s 115-114 win in Milwaukee, Ball made the comment on FanDuel Sports Network. Sideline reporter Shannon Spake asked Ball about the team’s defensive strategy against Bucks star Giannis Antetokounmpo on the game’s final play, and Ball used an anti-gay slur while delivering his answer.

The league came down hard on Ball, levying the maximum fine possible on the 23-year-old.

Subscribe to our daily newsletter

SIGN ME UP

By providing an email address. I agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy.

After the Hornets lost 128-114 to the unbeaten Cavaliers, Ball made his first comments since the fine was assessed.

Charlotte Hornets’ LaMelo Ball (1) drives past Cleveland Cavaliers’ Caris LeVert (3) during the second half of an NBA basketball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Nov 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

“Before we get started, I just want to address the comment yesterday,” he told reporters. “I really didn’t mean anything (by it) and don’t want to offend anybody. I’ve got love for everybody, and I don’t discriminate.”

Ball scored 31 points on 11-of-29 shooting and had 12 assists against the Cavs.

ADVERTISEMENT

Earlier, first-year Hornets coach Charles Lee said he had spoken to Ball, who had been “very apologetic” and intended to learn from the behavior.

“As an organization, that is obviously not something we condone,” said Lee. “Our standards and what is required of our players in the environment we create is really important to us.”

Charlotte Hornets’ LaMelo Ball, front, drives past Cleveland Cavaliers’ Darius Garland, center, and Jarrett Allen (31) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Cleveland, Sunday, Nov 17, 2024. (AP Photo/Phil Long)

“I spoke to Melo and he’s obviously very apologetic. From what I’ve seen since I’ve been around him, he loves everyone. He’s a joy to have around the facility and it’s not typically how he operates. He and I talked about the seriousness of the situation and how he needs to conduct himself going forward.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Lee was confident Ball would keep his word.

“He and I talked about it and he definitely said going forward, ‘I’m going to be better,’ and I want to see that happen,” Lee said. “So for somebody to use those words and say that out of his mouth, we will make sure to hold him accountable to that.”

Ball had 26 points in the win over Milwaukee, including a pair of free throws with 7.3 seconds left that gave Charlotte the lead for good.

Ball is averaging 29.6 points, 6.3 assists and 5.3 rebounds in his fifth season. He was Rookie of the Year in 2020-21 and an All-Star the following season.

Want stories like this delivered straight to your inbox? Stay informed. Stay ahead. Subscribe to InqMORNING

MORE STORIES
‘Nurse Unseen’ highlights untold stories of Filipino nurses
 
Meta rolls back hate speech rules
 
Jimmy Carter will be honored at Washington funeral before his burial
 
Don't miss out on the latest news and information.
 
TAGS: NBA news, Trending
For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us.

Subscribe to our newsletter!

SUBSCRIBE

By providing an email address. I agree to the Terms of Use and acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy.

LATEST
Nazareno arrives at Quiapo Church; Traslacion ends after over 20 hours
EMBARGO devotees join Traslacion 2025
Bargain hunting halts PSEi slide
Accepting the challenge of 2025
Trump, 'America First' candidate, has a new preoccupation: Imperialism


MOST READ
'Nurse Unseen' highlights untold stories of Filipino nurses
PHOTOS: Powerful images show destruction on path of deadly wildfires
Paris Hilton among celebrities who lost homes to devastating LA wildfires
Did Demi Moore snub Kylie Jenner at the Golden Globes?
Fil-Am veteran awarded Medal of Honor for heroism in Korean War
Meta rolls back hate speech rules
Jimmy Carter will be honored at Washington funeral before his burial


DID YOU KNOW?
New year, new you? Experts reveal how to make 2025 resolutions work
The 25 most successful small business ideas
How to set your 2025 mental health new year’s resolutions
How to avoid the latest generation of scams this holiday season
How to shop greener for the holidays: Tips for eco-conscious gifters
Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER


   
Advertise | About INQUIRER.net
© Copyright 1997-2019 INQUIRER.net
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://usa.inquirer.net/160514/lamelo-ball-makes-1st-comments-after-being-fined-100k-by-nba 
 ----- 
