 
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Soccer
Premier League
MLS
NFL
NBA
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Golf
Tennis
F1
WWE
More
Login
Privacy Policy Feedback
Monday, Dec 30th 2024 10AM 53°F 
1PM 56°F 
5-Day Forecast
ADVERTISEMENT
Wales 4-1 Finland - Euro 2024 play-off semi-final RECAP: Live score, team news and updates as Dan James scores hosts' fourth on the night and send them into the final

By TAMARA PRENN

PUBLISHED: 14:01 EST, 21 March 2024 | UPDATED: 17:55 EST, 21 March 2024

e-mail
5
shares

9

View comments

ADVERTISEMENT

Follow Mail Sport's live blog for the latest score, team news and updates as Wales take on Finland in their Euro 2024 play-off semi-final. Rob Page's side are aiming for a third consecutive run at European glory, but must first navigate Finland at Cardiff City Stadium ahead of a potential spot in the final against either Poland or Estonia. 

Thanks for following along!

We'll see you for the second-half, in Rob Page's thinking, on Tuesday, with that final match-up against Poland.

21:52
Mail Sport's Tom Collomosse is at Cardiff City Stadium - and his report is IN

You can relive a fascinating 90ish minutes in his company by clicking on the link below.

Wales 4-1 Finland: Hosts move step closer to qualifying for Euro 2024
TOM COLLOMOSSE AT CARDIFF CITY STADIUM: One down, one to go. Wales are 90 minutes from qualifying for a third successive major tournament if they beat Poland on Wednesday.
Mail Online

21:50
Next up, Rob Page on the mic
We got off to the best start, I think we started first halfs really well.
It could have been five or six. It just goes to show how far we've come, but the message is: it's half-time.
We've got a massive game to come on Tuesday.
21:47
WATCH: Daniel James provides the final hammer-blow

A strong finish before an enormous tie on Tuesday.

21:45
Neco Williams talks to S4C
I think the only negative from the night was that we conceded, but when we're scoring four goals, it puts you in a good place, and I think it's a good stepping stone for next week.
Happy to score for my country. It's always a special feeling, even just putting on the shirt, but scoring is the cherry on the cake.
We've won our semi-final, we've got a final, and we don't stop off here. We've got a huge one now. Hopefully we'll put on a good performance and get a place at the Euros.

21:42
WALES ARE THROUGH TO THE PLAY-OFF FINAL

And in some style!

They'll face Poland next week for that prized place in the finals, after they performed their own thumping on Estonia, winning 5-1.

21:38,
93'
Wales 4-1 Finland

Finland understandably look more than a little deflated as they ping the ball about between their backline and head up into Wales' half.

Kallman lofts the ball from the right towards the box, but Rodon ushers it out for a goal kick.

21:36,
91'
Wales 4-1 Finland

It'll be six minutes added on before Wales are through to their play-off final.

I feel quite confident with that pronouncement.

21:35,
89'
Wales 4-1 Finland

A final change for Wales, as Rob Page allows Wilson to soak up deserved applause.

He's traded for Nathan Broadhead.

21:32
GOAL: A delay... but Wales have their fourth! (D James 86')

Okay, now the fans can celebrate.

That is absolute audacious from Daniel James, who catches a hapless and entirely unfortunate last Finnish man pondering on the ball, and sprints off to fire at Hradecky!

The Dragons have moved from confident to rampant with four minutes of time to play.

21:29,
84'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Despite not being able to label the tie a rout with 10 minutes to go, the Wales fans remain in full voice, and what voices.

Wales are spurred on, and Daniel James on the left is the next to force Hradecky into a save, firing at the dropped 'keeper for him to make a simple stop.

21:27,
81'
NO GOAL: Wales 3-1 Finland

The referee goes over to check the monitor, and rules the goal out.

It's hard to tell why it was ruled out, as the referee would know whether the whole of the ball went over the line, but there may have been some blocking mishap at play.

21:25,
79'
VAR intervenes for a Welsh goal!

Wales might have wrapped things up here... and there may be no limit of substitutions from Finland to stop the rot!

Williams fires in a corner from the left, and Davies at the far post gets his head to it - only for Hradecky to knock it out! Or does he?

The referee gets a vibration... and the goal crossed the line. The hosts are three up.

Let's try this again... or are they?

21:23,
77'
Wales 3-1 Finland

More changes for Finland, as Pohjanpalo is swapped for Kallman, and Pukki makes way for Jensen.

Finland will need these substitutions to jump-start things.

21:19,
74'
Wales 3-1 Finland

More changes, as Johnson is swapped for Daniel James for the hosts, and Schuller and Lod are traded for Antman and Kirinen on the Finnish bench.

When play resumes, Wales have a corner to take, and James almost sneaks it across the line - but Hradecky is equal to the move.

21:17,
72'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Moore nearly pulls off an ambush after Finland fall asleep at the wheel and allow the player to wander into the box and stare down Hradecky one-on-one.

His shot lacks potentcy, however, and Leverkusen 'keeper only has to drop at his near post to stop the ball.

21:16,
70'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Ampadu steams through the mid-pack before passing to Williams on the left as Wales plot a run towards Finland's penalty area.

The visitors take some of the sting out of the initial attack, but Wales keep hold of possession.

21:14,
67'
Wales 3-1 Finland

The cards are flying, with Hakans the next to be flashed after going down on the edge of the Wales box with a theatricality Rhys Ifans himself would have been proud of.

Finnish frustration is showing, and Wales look very comfortable indeed.

21:10,
64'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Wilson does get into the match facts soon after, however, as he's handed a yellow card after going charging into Ivanov with force.

21:08,
62'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Wilson pulls at his shirt after firing a good-looking effort towards Hradecky at pace, but the ball flies just past the goal mouth to deny what would have been a very stylish fourth goal.

21:06,
60'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Our first home substitute of the night, as Brooks, who has been such a sparky presence, is swapped for veteran Kieffer Moore.

He trots on sporting a Mr Men-style head bandage, as Brooks walks the periphery of the pitch to raucous applause.

21:03,
58'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Alho high up on the right fires the ball towards a waiting Hakan in the box, but he can't reach the effort as he's swarmed by defenders and pushed off course.

Wales are looking bullish, and Finland haven't been able to give them any fright comparable to their first-half threats.

21:01,
56'
Wales 3-1 Finland

Finland trip forward, again clinging onto possession, as they attempt to beat the lively Welsh press.

They can't get far, however, as the hosts keep them penned in their own half for the time being.

20:59,
53'
Wales 3-1 Finland

James is next in the book, after scrapping with Hakans, who has been pesky, on the sidelines and tugging him to the ground.

20:58
WATCH: Johnson gets onto the scoresheet

He had a bright first half, and it pays off very quickly indeed in the second.

20:55,
50'
Wales 3-1 Finland

A nasty collision between Wilson and Tenho leaves both players rolling in the turf, bringing play to a half as they receive treatment.

Tenho, very much the immovable object in the tumble, gets a yellow card when he's back and dusting himself off.

20:52
GOAL: Johnson makes it three for the hosts! (Johnson 47')

Wales know how to head out!

After winning a freekick 25 yards out to the left of goal, Williams lofts the ball to the far post, and it's pecked down before falling to a waiting Johnson, who knocks it past Hradecky cool as you like.

Really clever control from Brooks to send it his way - have Wales killed things off?

20:50
SECOND-HALF: Wales 2-1 Finland

We're back underway in Cardiff, with the hosts kicking proceedings off for a huge 45 minutes.

20:43
How are the other ties doing?

Here are your half-time scores in the remainder of the play-off ties.

Bosnia & Herzegovina 0-0 Ukraine
Greece 4-0 Kazakhstan
Israel 1-2 Iceland
Poland 1-0 Estonia

20:37
WATCH: Neco Williams' super-sweet freekick

A classy way to double your lead at home.

20:36
HALF-TIME: Wales 2-1 Finland

Finland made swathes of possession pay, and the openness of the first-half told late on after a really confident showing from Wales in cruise control.

Plenty more to come after the break, I'd say.

20:34
GOAL: A familiar face reduces the deficit! (Pukki 45')

Threaten, and make good on it!

Who else but dangerman Teemu Pukki, who slips past a borderline frozen-looking Mepham on the edge of the box to dance through and fire at goal.

A sliding Ward can't keep him out... game on!

20:31,
42'
Wales 2-0 Finland

What a vital lead for Wales before the break. They've looked confident throughout, but Finland have been able to threaten in bursts and forced wobbliness from the Dragons' backline.

Wales are forced into defending duty now as Finland win a succession of freekicks, but the final one flies into Ward's gloves after gliding in from 25 yards out.

20:26
GOAL: Williams doubles Wales' lead! (Williams 38')

After giving a Wales a fright at one end, the visitors are conceding a valuable freekick at the other, as Tenho pushes Johnson to the grass at the top of the D.

Brief debate between Williams, Johnson, and Wilson about who should take it leaves the ball at the first man's feet.

Ampadu gets a brief telling off in the wall before Williams can let fly... but when he does - what a strike, what a goal!

20:22,
33'
Wales 1-0 Finland

A lovely strike from Wilson from 30 yards out is stopped well by Hradecky. It's a straightforward for the Leverkusen goalkeeper, but quick-thinking too - although Johnson might have been offside by a toenail if the effort had gone in.

20:19,
31'
Wales 1-0 Finland

James releases a rudderless ball from 25 yards out which rolls without intent towards Hradecky's gloves, handing possession back to the visitors.

But when a long ball is sprayed in Pohjanpalo's direction on the right, he can't pull it away from Mepham, who is all over him and forces the ball away from danger.

20:17,
28'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Wales have a strong chance here, after Johnson bullies an approaching Finland defender away from the ball on the right edge of the box, and fires silkly towards the near post.

The angle means it doesn't trouble Hradecky, however.

20:16,
26'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Pukki continues to pose problems for Wales to solve as he makes his foray into a cluttered box, and manages to find Hakans square on goal - or at least, he things he does.

As the Welsh lock up, Pohjanpalo is the one who actually strikes the ball just ahead of the six-yard box, but has his effort thoroughly blocked.

20:12,
24'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Kamara in the mid-pack attempts to control tempo and keep the ball at Finnish feet, but under pressure from Roberts, the final pass is struck from range well into the grasp of Ward.

20:10,
22'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Finland win the first corner of the match, which Lod lines up to send it, the outswinger entirely bypassing players from both sides in the box.

When Peltola goes chasing after it on the other side of the pitch, he's toppled by a feisty Johnson, conceding a freekick in the process.

When Finland do little with it and Wales look to head off, Lod gets revenge - and the match's first yellow card - when he steamrollers Williams. Lots of pep and fire early on.

20:07,
19'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Pukki is felled by James as he attempts to escape up the pitch from the Finland box, winning his side a freekick in their own half.

20:05,
17'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Mepham ushers the ball forward, before handing off to Roberts on the right, looking for Brooks in the box, but Finland are quick to rebuff the hosts, and unlock their dangerous left wing, as Hakans combines with Pukki on the run yet again.

Things are nicely open for now, with Finland increasingly keen to see proceedings level again.

20:01,
13'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Two strong opportunities as play races between both ends, with Pukki having a sliding shot at goal inside the box after picking up from Hackans on the left first.

Play then slides back down to the Finnish half, with Brooks keen to slip away again. His one-on-one with Hradecky sees his first shot blocked, and attempts for Wales to bury the remains go begging after a strong defensive showing from Finland under pressure.

19:58,
10'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Wales are forced into defending now, after Finland swarm into the box and the hosts can't control the bobbing ball.

Hakans eventually pulls it down, and looks to smack it past Ward on the half-volley, but his strike flies just out for a goal kick.

19:57
WATCH: Brooks spurs Wales ahead

Now there's a statement of intent from the home side.

19:55,
7'
Wales 1-0 Finland

Well, that's one way to start a play-off tie. Wales looked dominate in the opening moments, and immediately made Finland pay with a clever bit of confident play.

As the visitors try and hold onto the ball at the back now, the Dragons buzz about, keen to make life very difficult.

19:51,
3'
GOAL: Wales are off to the races! (Brooks 3')

We're scarcely underway, when Wales go for jugular, Wilson skittering into the box after picking up a rebounded ball and firing at Hradecky - the Leverkusen keeper makes the save but the ball springs for Brooks, and he can leather it into the back of the net!

19:48
KICK-OFF: Wales 0-0 Finland

The Finnish fans are already leaping up and down, and it's their side who get us underway for this tantalising play-off semi-final

19:45
Here come the national anthems

Lots of brass band boom and bombast from the Finnish national anthem, up first, 'Maamme', or 'Our Land'.

There are only a few hundred travelling supporters this evening, but they make a good fist of it, and all the players belt it out before it's time for Wales' spine-tingler.

Cardiff City Stadium's proverbial roof lifted, it's time to get things underway!

19:38
'Yma o Hyd' booms out of the speakers

... at Cardiff City Stadium, and the fans are in full voice - so stirring is the scene, some travelling Finland supporters even get in the mood and join in.

The lights are going down, and the players are preparing to come out... An enormous match for Wales, coming right up.

19:33
Wales are out and warming up

We'll be underway in less than 15 minutes - don't go anywhere.

19:23
Brennan Johnson opens up on his love for fashion as he looks to help Wales reach Euro 2024... as the Tottenham forward discusses his pride in playing for his country - instead of England!

Tottenham wonderkid Brennan Johnson keeps his place in the Wales starting XI as he continues to enjoy a bright 2023-24 after his summer move from Nottingham Forest.

Ahead of tonight's clash, he talks sharp dressing and national pride - have a leaf through, below.

Brennan Johnson opens up on his love for fashion ahead of Wales tie
The forward has enjoyed a positive season in the Premier League since joining Tottenham in a £47.5million move from Nottingham Forest, notching four goals and six assists in the top flight.
Mail Online

19:17
Rob Page looks forward in a post-Bale reality

One name looms larger than most in the recent history of Welsh football, and Euro 2024 would mark the first major tournament in ABE (After Bale Era).

Rob Page, however, is keen for younger members of the squad to see his retirement as an opportunity, as he told the press on Wednesday.

We have lost one of the world's best players with Gareth.
There has been enough in the squad to put us in a position where we are two wins away from qualifying for the fourth time (in the last five major tournaments).
Of course he's going to be missed on and off the pitch but it gives others an opportunity.

19:11
Fancy some play-off predictions? Mail Sport has you covered across all six ties taking place this evening

With the final whistle blown, Georgia have pulled off an upset and shocked Luxembourg 2-0 - they'll face the winner of Greece versus Kazakhstan next week.

But what of the rest of the night's matches? Can you predict who ends up on top by roughly 9.30pm?

Who will qualify for Euro 2024 through the playoffs?
Twelve sides who have failed to qualify for the tournament through the group stage are getting a second chance due to their Nations League performances.
Mail Online

19:08
Wales can draw on recent qualification form

... after reaching the 2022 World Cup via the same route, and despatching Austria and Ukraine in the process.

That will ease tensions of those made nervous by their European Championship qualification record: they're zero for three, having lost every play-off tie they're been drawn into.

That's Hungary in 1963, Yugoslavia in 1976, and Russia in 2003.

18:59
Wales captain Aaron Ramsey named in Rob Page's Euro 2024 play-off squad, despite failing to start a match for SIX MONTHS

He starts on the bench, but national team captain's very inclusion in Page's squad was a curious one, in light of his non-existent recent form.

You can read more on the manager's conundrum below.

Ramsey makes Wales' Euro 2024 play-off squad despite injury lay-off
The 84-times capped Wales skipper suffered a knee injury in September and was out until February, making two substitute appearances for Cardiff before picking up a calf complaint.
Mail Online

18:55
More theatrics from Wales

... with the recruitment of Notting Hill's own Rhys Ifans (my blog, my reference choice) to give Rob Page's men a galvanising pep talk ahead of the crunch clash.

Ifans' appearance in the dressing room comes on the heels of Michael Sheen's two years ago, ahead of the Dragons' two Nations League fixtures.

The former will hope he has more success than the latter, whose rousing speech couldn't stop Wales from falling to Poland and Belgium in quick succession.

18:51
TEAM NEWS - in brief

Two changes from the Wales side that faced Turkey in their last 1-1 stalemate to close the door on group stage qualifying, as Chris Mepham replaces Luton's Tom Lockyer, and David Brooks is swapped in for Nathan Broadhead.

Finland's last outing was against FIFA minnows San Marino, and they've made wholesale changes since then, among those the re-appearance of Bayer Leverkusen's Lukas Hradecky in goal.

18:47
BREAKING: TEAM NEWS - How Wales and Finland line up

18:39
When are the 2024 Euro play-offs? Draw, dates, teams involved matches and formats

Wales versus Finland is just one of this evening's play-off ties, with Georgia in the process of beating 10-man Luxembourg 2-0 as we speak.

For more on these knockout clashes ahead of next week's play-off finals, have a look through Mail Sport's primer below.

When are the 2024 Euro playoffs? Draw, dates, teams, matches, format
We are only 12 weeks away from the opening game of Euro 2024 but there are still THREE spots up for grabs. Here's all you need to know about the play-offs.
Mail Online

18:36
Wales might feel a little, little bit nervous

Wales and Finland have met comparatively few times historically, with just 15 encounters on the board - as a result, at first glance, there looks like plenty of potential needle, with Wales having won just six times to Finland's four victories.

Indeed, the last meeting - a 2021 friendly - ended in a 0-0 stalemate, one scoreline we can be assured of avoiding this knockout evening.

Neither can Wales cling to dominance on home soil - in their last three trips to Cardiff, Finland have lost one, drawn one, and won one.

That 2009 win was in emphatic style too, thanks to a late, late, late goal from Shefki Kuqi.

18:23
Leeds versus Leeds in Cardiff

There's more than one familiar face amongst the Huuhkajat to followers on the English top-flight, such as former Norwich striker and one-time phenomenon Teemu Pukki, and Leeds' Glen Kamara, who was on media duty on Wednesday.

He's one of five Leeds players that could be featuring this evening, with Wales having their pick of his team-mates Joe Rondon, Ethan Ampadu, Daniel James, and Connor Roberts.

And this, Kamara believes, will be of huge advantage to the travellers.

They are all quality players and have done well this season. Hopefully I can use all my information against them in a way to help us.
I’m looking forward to playing against them. 2024 has been good to us all as we’re in good form at Leeds.
All I can do is take my good experience right now to help my team-mates, and hopefully get the win.

18:14
Marvellous statement of intent from the opposition

... currently taking over Cardiff, the Huuhkajat (or eagle-owls, naturally) have tipped a hat to Gareth Bale's iconic - and muy impopular - 'Wales. Golf. Madrid' flag with a version of their own.

For the uneducated, that's Suomi (aka Finland, in Finnish), Sisu (Finnish for strength, courage and determination), and Sauna (no translation necessary).

18:08
Now, how did we wind up here?

Wales seemed on the precipice of one of their most straightforward qualifying campaigns after the Dragons started autumn off on the right foot with a 2-0 victory against Latvia, an inevitable 4-0 thumping of Gibraltar, and a good-looking 2-1 smash and grab against Croatia.

In fact, rumours of Rob Page being quick-marched towards the exit after a lacklustre World Cup campaign all but dissipated - until the final two matches in November, against Armenia and Turkey.

Wales were held to draws in both outings, where wins were vital to keep Croatia out of the second-place spot in Group D.

18:01
Good evening!

Noswaith dda, hyvää iltaa, hello and welcome to Mail Sport's live coverage of Wales versus Finland, with kick-off at Cardiff City Stadium at 7.45pm.

With a third consecutive European Championship appearance for Wales on the line, it really is all to play for in the capital this evening, after Rob Page's side failed to overturn Turkey and Armenia in their final run of group qualifying matches last autumn.

In Finland, they meet an opponent more than 30 points below them in the FIFA rankings - but the visitors will be keen to upset the apple cart.

We're kicking off in just over an hour and 45 minutes, but until then, stick around for all the build-up, team news and more.

Key Updates
Mail Sport's Tom Collomosse is at Cardiff City Stadium - and his report is IN
View post
WALES ARE THROUGH TO THE PLAY-OFF FINAL
View post
A delay... but Wales have their fourth! (D James 86')
View post
NO GOAL: Wales 3-1 Finland
View post
VAR intervenes for a Welsh goal!
View post
Johnson makes it three for the hosts! (Johnson 47')
View post
WATCH: Neco Williams' super-sweet freekick
View post
A familiar face reduces the deficit! (Pukki 45')
View post
Williams doubles Wales' lead! (Williams 38')
View post
Wales are off to the races! (Brooks 3')
View post
TEAM NEWS - How Wales and Finland line up
View post
When are the 2024 Euro play-offs? Draw, dates, teams involved matches and formats
View post
Now, how did we wind up here?
View post
TOP STORIES
Arsenal legend Jens Lehmann puts £10.7m six-bedroom villa up for sale after his wife found a new younger partner... and neighbours are delighted after he attacked a garage with a chainsaw!
My team of the year is packed with Boks, a couple of Scots and even one Georgian... but there's no space for an Englishman after a disastrous 2024, writes CHRIS FOY
Kevin De Bruyne names the Man City star who brought much-needed 'energy' to snap winless run against Leicester - after Pep Guardiola admitted he had been 'unfair'
Ex-France star tells Cristiano Ronaldo he 'talks s***' after he doubled down on criticism of Ligue 1 - and claims the five-time Ballon d'Or winner would 'get eaten' in French top-flight
Real Madrid confirm their January transfer plans - with an impact from Trent Alexander Arnold's free move which is now 'very close to becoming a reality'
Wayne Rooney is filmed letting a mystery woman into his upmarket rented flat in Devon amid Coleen's concerns about his 'bachelor lifestyle' hundreds of miles from home
Mason Mount 'given green light to build golf simulator' at £4m Cheshire mansion - despite the injured Man United star living NEXT DOOR to a luxury course
PLAY TEAMSHEET: Can YOU name the Chelsea team that drew 2-2 with Ipswich in winter 2000?
The story of how Newcastle's liquid-limbed goal machine Alexander Isak became football's hottest property - and the secret to keeping him at the club, writes CRAIG HOPE
Imane Khelif, Scottie Scheffler, Simone Biles and more: The most-searched athletes of 2024
Granit Xhaka shows off dramatic new haircut as the former Arsenal star makes the most of festive period downtime by hitting the ski slopes with his family
Novak Djokovic opens up on 'strange' experience of working with new coach Andy Murray - and condemns tennis' handling of Jannik Sinner and Iga Swiatek's positive drugs tests
Golf star Viktor Hovland suffers a freak injury in the BEDROOM - putting PGA Tour opener participation in doubt
Former Russia international footballer dies, aged 43, fighting in Ukraine - after joining Vladimir Putin's forces to escape 10-year prison sentence for drug smuggling
West Ham 0-5 Liverpool PLAYER RATINGS: Who was majestic in Arne Slot's midfield? And which Hammers man was overran and disorientated?
Neal Maupay aims savage jibe at Everton team-mates after nightmare spell at Goodison Park - before boxing star and Toffees fan Tony Bellew hits back with X-rated response
Wayne Rooney admits he could RESIGN from Plymouth job after under-fire boss loses again to remain rooted to the bottom of the Championship table
Australia win one of the greatest Boxing Day Tests ever as Indian star blows up at umpires over VERY controversial dismissal
James Maddison bites back at fan who branded him 'unacceptable' for watching the darts with Tottenham team-mate Brennan Johnson at Ally Pally... just hours after Spurs' disappointing 2-2 draw with Wolves
'World's sexiest footballer' Alisha Lehmann shows off her football skills on the beach in the Maldives - after jetting off for winter break while boyfriend Douglas Luiz is still stuck at work at their club!
Milan sack Paulo Fonseca with a terse 31-word statement after just six months - and announce his replacement just HOURS after brutal sacking
Evangelos Marinakis reveals Nottingham Forest's plan for the January transfer window... as Nuno Espirito Santo's side aim for a historic top four finish after flying start
Gary Lineker urges Trent Alexander-Arnold to leave Liverpool for Real Madrid, telling the England star that he will 'love it' in Spain
Armando Broja reveals Everton made several attempts to sign him as striker vows to help solve his side's goalscoring problems
RB Leipzig 'fear Tottenham will send Timo Werner BACK' to the Bundesliga club - with the on-loan forward still yet to score for Spurs in the Premier League this campaign
Lewis Hamilton's former team-mate slams his 'very strange, inappropriate' fashion choices in the F1 paddock to mark his exit from Mercedes to Ferrari
Marcus Rashford looks glum as he is spotted leaving Man United training in chauffeur-driven £200k Bentley for first time since bombshell interview revealing he wants to move
Former Chelsea star terminates his contract at European giants - less than six months after leaving the Premier League - as he begins search for ninth club of his career
Mike Tyson cozies up to wife Lakiha on romantic St Barths getaway... days after his shock 'depression' reveal
College football star stomped on by Arkansas' Fernando Carmona breaks his silence amid calls for rival to be banned
Former MLB star Juan Jaime 'dies at 37 after suffering heart attack'
NFL legend Terry Bradshaw shocks fans with Kansas City Chiefs prediction
Commanders star Jeremy Reaves proposes to girlfriend on the field after helping team reach playoffs
College football fans want Arkansas' Fernando Carmona banned for life after his 'disgusting' act
Arne Slot weighs in on Trent Alexander-Arnold's future after Liverpool star appeared to drop a major hint about Real Madrid interest with his goal celebration in 5-0 win at West Ham
Michael Penix Jr. announces bombshell news days after replacing Kirk Cousins as Atlanta Falcons QB
Watch the insane moment Vikings star Justin Jefferson produces 'one of the best catches ever' against Packers
Hugo Sotil dead aged 75: Tributes pour in for Barcelona legend and Johan Cruyff's incredible strike partner after passing away with 'health problem'
Taylor Swift fans give the same verdict on Travis Kelce's latest date night outfit
Former Jets coach Eric Mangini makes shock accusation against Aaron Rodgers
West Ham hero reveals heartbreaking reason why he has stopped cancer treatment as former footballer opens up on health battle
Erling Haaland becomes a dad for the first time after partner Isabel Haugseng Johansen gives birth - as Pep Guardiola accidentally reveals the big news!
West Ham 0-5 Liverpool: Arne Slot's side close out 2024 with a dominant victory at the London Stadium to extend their lead at the top of the table
Olivia Ponton drops Joe Burrow romance hint with cryptic message before Bengals win
Matthew Gaudreau's wife Madeline gives birth to baby boy four months after husband's tragic death
Jason Whitlock claims Colorado players rented out a strip club TWICE before heavy Alamo Bowl defeat
Cricket fans go wild over Isa Guha's commentary in the Boxing Day Test - for a VERY surprising reason
Amad Diallo appears to fire shot at former Manchester United manager Erik ten Hag as he opens up on life at Old Trafford under Ruben Amorim
Revealed: Bizarre reason Jorginho's form dipped at Chelsea 'shared by beautician involved in late-night showdown with Arsenal star's fiancee'
Ja'Marr Chase gives three-word verdict on Joe Burrow after Bengals' huge win over the Broncos
Liverpool star Trent Alexander-Arnold appears to send message with his celebration against West Ham
Tottenham 2-2 Wolves: Pressure builds on Ange Postecoglou as Spurs are noisily booed at the final whistle after late equaliser
Mo Salah gives update on his contract situation at Liverpool after starring in the Reds' 5-0 thrashing of West Ham
Man City fans mock their side's woeful form with hilarious three-word chant after taking the lead against Leicester
The big-money summer signing who already needs to go, the great survivor at the back and the Premier League hotshot he should make a move for…  CHRIS SUTTON reveals how radical Ruben Amorim can ditch the deadwood and overhaul Man United
The sportswomen earning most on OnlyFans... featuring Olympic stunners and a racing driver-turned pornstar
Michael Strahan's daughter gives cancer update from the Bahamas after treatment for a brain tumor in 2024
Luke Littler left baffled by World Darts Championship opponent's pre-match claim ahead of Ally Pally last-16 clash: 'Not good for his game'
Tom Brady suffers embarrassing moment live on Fox as NFL legend's mind goes completely blank
Cricket great Alyssa Healy is caught up in HUGE TV commentary furore over her husband Mitchell Starc
Cowboys-Eagles descends into chaos with three players ejected after wild sideline brawl
Peter Wright reveals exactly what he told Luke Humphries after knocking him out of the World Darts Championship - with pair embracing at the Ally Pally after war of words in the build-up to their thrilling last-16 clash
Philadelphia Eagles legend Bill Bergey dies at 79 after three-year cancer battle, family reveals
Ex-NFL coach Rex Ryan ripped apart by fans after exposing 'foot fetish' lock screen on ESPN
Who is Mikaela Worley? All you need to know about Jeremy Reaves' wife-to-be after he proposed on the field
Shocking moment Miami football players brawl on the sideline during Iowa State bowl game
Ruben Amorim makes young fan's 'dream come true' with a touching gesture - as Man United's 'humble' boss takes him for a lap around Carrington in his car
Why this simple photo of Lleyton Hewitt's son Cruz with world No.3 Carlos Alcaraz has stunned Aussie tennis fans
Dave Portnoy destroys Aaron Rodgers and New York Jets over viral video filmed before Buffalo Bills humiliation
Andre Onana is urged to LEAVE Man United by former Old Trafford flop - with under-fire goalkeeper told it's 'pointless' to stay at the club because he's 'not cut out for the English game'
Former Premier League hardman named Stoke's new caretaker manager... as Narcis Pelach is sacked after just three months in charge of Championship club
Wales Football
Finland Football
Cardiff City
Share or comment on this article: Wales 4-1 Finland - Euro 2024 play-off semi-final RECAP: Live score, team news and updates as Dan James scores hosts' fourth on the night and send them into the final
e-mail
5
shares
Back to top
Home
Showbiz
TV
Politics
Femail
Royals
Sports
Health
Science
Money
U.K.
Video
Travel
Puzzles
Shopping
Sitemap Archive Video Archive Authors Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page
Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel

Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd

Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group

dmg media
Contact us How to complain Leadership Team Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Do not sell or share my personal information CA Privacy Notice About MailOnline Privacy policy & cookies 
DMG Media and its partners use cookies and other technologies to collect user data  from your device, so that:
We can deliver content and advertising that's relevant to you 
We give you the best experience
Control how your data is used and view more info at any
time via the Cookie Settings link in our Privacy Policy
View more info
Got it
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailymail.co.uk/sport/live/article-13222517/Wales-vs-Finland-Euro-2024-play-semi-final-Live-Result.html 
 ----- 
