Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Judge sentences Donald Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
Column: The Chicago White Sox have perfected the art of losing. Can they avoid the most embarrassing moment in franchise history?
White Sox first baseman Andrew Vaughn leans on a bench in the dugout after a loss to the Astros on June 20, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
By PAUL SULLIVAN | psullivan@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 19, 2024 at 5:26 PM CST

In an effort to update our sports metaphors to meet the changing times, we no longer will be comparing the Chicago White Sox’s voyage of doom to the Titanic.

As the Sox near the 1962 New York Mets’ modern-day record of 120 losses — with 117 and counting heading into Friday’s series opener in San Diego — a more fitting maritime disaster to describe the 2024 season might be the Titan, the submersible that imploded last year while exploring the wreckage of the Titanic.

According to reports, nearly 120 equipment problems were discovered in the years leading up to the Titan implosion, giving ample warning to all concerned that something was very wrong.

While the stakes were comparatively trivial, the Sox also were warned of a coming disaster when PECOTA projections in February gave them a 0.0% chance of winning the American League Central. The projection ruffled the feathers of then-manager Pedro Grifol, who said: “That motivates the heck out of me. This is a division that obviously no one is scheduled to run away with, so why not us?”

Similarly, the final text from the crew of the Titan to the support ship above the surface suggested there was nothing to worry about:

“All good here.”

With nine games remaining, the Sox hope to avoid the most embarrassing moment in franchise history, or at least since a shirtless father and son attacked a Kansas City Royals coach on the field during a home game in 2002.

Breaking the all-time record has seemed inevitable since their American League record-tying 21-game losing streak in July and early August, and even firing Grifol on Aug. 8 couldn’t stop the downward slide.

It’s difficult to lose 120 games, even when you’re trying to tank, as many teams have done over the last decade or two. Sometimes you’re going to be facing a starter who just doesn’t have it or an overtaxed bullpen running on fumes. Once in a while your own starters will look untouchable, and you’ll need only a couple of runs.

And sometimes you just get lucky and win a game you’re supposed to lose. Every team has a streak in them, even if it’s for a week or so.

White Sox manager Pedro Grifol looks out onto the field in the second inning of a game against the Red Sox on June 6, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. The Sox fired Grofil on Aug. 8 (Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune)

But the Sox have been the exception to the rule, a team that has perfected the art of losing. Only a rare three-game winning streak this week against the Oakland A’s and Los Angeles Angels, their first such streak since June 27-29, prevented the Sox from a shot at breaking the record on the current West Coast trip.

The worst the Sox could do is tie the record by getting swept by the Padres, a team fighting for a National League wild-card spot. The Sox return home to Guaranteed Rate Field on Tuesday for a three-game series against the Los Angeles Angels, their final home games of the season.

The Sox have a home-field disadvantage that defies belief. They just snapped a franchise record 16-game home losing streak Saturday against the A’s and are 4-30 over their last 34 games on the South Side, a .118 winning percentage.

After Wednesday’s heartbreaking, 13-inning loss to the Angels, the probability of the Sox finishing with fewer than 40 wins was at 86.1%, according to James Ciecka, a professor of economics at DePaul University. If the Sox lose Friday, the probability rises to 90.7%. They need to finish 7-2 to fall one loss shy of the record with 119.

So the chances of the Sox breaking the mark at home are increasingly good. But they will be playing the lowly Angels, a franchise so inept it wasted the prime years of two generational players — Mike Trout and Shohei Ohtani. Suffice to say it would be a matchup between a very stoppable force and an extremely movable object.

May the worse team lose.

Fans wearing matching T-shirts and paper bags over their heads show their disappointment as White Sox players head to the dugout in the middle of the ninth inning against the Guardians on Sept. 11, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

Either way, it’s all setting up for a finish like no other for angst-ridden Sox fans, at least the ones who have ignored their better instincts and continued following this team the last three years through thin and thinner. Bandwagon-jumpers and rubberneckers no doubt will show up for a chance at being eyewitnesses to history.

The Sox can either break the record and go down as the worst team ever or escape infamy with some last-minute heroics. That sounds implausible, but remember the Detroit Tigers were in the same virtual boat in 2003 with 118 losses and only six games remaining. They somehow managed to win five of those last six to finish with an AL record 119 losses.

If the Sox do manage to hang tough and go 4-2 against the Padres and Angels, they could take it down to the final weekend in Detroit.

The Tigers, left for dead weeks ago, are still vying for an AL wild-card spot and would be extra motivated to win. They’re 9-1 against the Sox. Tigers play-by-play man Jason Benetti, who left the Sox job for Detroit last winter after feeling disrespected by the Sox organization, rejected the theory of a “Curse of Benetti” in June, telling the Tribune: “This has nothing to do with me leaving.”

Record or not, the Sox would like nothing better than to ruin the Tigers’ season. As ace Garrett Crochet said in mid-August: “Let’s screw it up for everybody else.”

Crochet didn’t mean the media, but if the Sox did manage to avoid setting a record for ineptitude, they also would screw up the plans of many media outlets preparing stories about their expected fate. The national media already have begun pointing fingers, and Chairman Jerry Reinsdorf has a bull’s-eye on his back.

The Athletic on Thursday ran a well-resourced article that painted Reinsdorf as a frugal, backward and uninformed owner who ignores modern analytics and metrics and appeared oblivious to the huge challenge of rebuilding that lies ahead for the Sox.

“No one can project a timeline to winning,” Reinsdorf told The Athletic via email in response to questions. “But there are many examples of organizations, some very recently like Kansas City and Baltimore, that have rebounded very quickly.”

Of course it took several years of losing for both of those teams to enjoy success, which Reinsdorf easily could’ve looked up on baseball-reference.com. Instead, he chose to take a more optimistic view, much like the doomed crew of the Titan as it headed down to the ocean floor.

All good here.

Originally Published: September 19, 2024 at 5:25 PM CST
Around the Web
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Put a Red Cup Under the Toilet Seat at Night if Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
A Must-have for Everyone in Council Bluffs: The $59 Blood Sugar Testing Smartwatch
Ribili
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Sneaky Way Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced in Iowa
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A Grandma's Bra Invention Taking Council Bluffs by Storm
Libiyi
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Reporter Center
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Revolutionary Device Ends Neuropathy Suffering Overnight
2025 Neuropathy Guide
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Best Winter Hat I've Ever Owned
Fanyil
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Council Bluffs: Discover Stunning 2-bed Senior Homes - Take a Look Inside Now!
Senior Living
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Letters: There is no conspiracy or federal failure behind the price of eggs
Judge sentences Donald Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
Editorial: Speaker Welch’s recent behavior in Springfield raises questions around his Illinois House leadership
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Notre Dame earns a spot in the CFP title game with a thrilling 27-24 win over Penn State in the Orange Bowl
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
Chicago White Sox sign Josh Rojas to a 1-year deal, adding a versatile veteran to their infield options
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
2024
September
19
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/19/chicago-white-sox-loss-record/ 
 ----- 
