European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
SALE ENDS TOMORROW
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.25/week for your first year.
Subscribe now
Billed as $1 every four weeks for your first year,
then $8 every four weeks thereafter. Cancel anytime.
Already a subscriber? Log in
Offer for The Athletic subscription; current subscribers not eligible. Subscription excludes print edition. Subscription also excludes digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking or Wirecutter. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance the introductory rate of $1.00 every 4 weeks for 1 year, and after 1 year the standard rate of $8.00 every 4 weeks. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. For subscribers in the U.S., cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. For international subscribers, see our Terms of Service for further information. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change.
From Turkish delight to inconsolable Germans: The best full-time reactions at Euro 2024
By Tim Spiers
Jul 10, 2024

8

There remains a level of purity in international football that is harder to find at the top of club football, especially in England.

This has been a refreshing summer of unpredictable winners and rousing atmospheres at the European Championship in Germany, with a welcome lack of VAR controversies, profit and sustainability rule (PSR) breaches and the associated points deductions, and social media sniping between rival fanbases.

Give it a month, and we can welcome all those things back into our football bosom. For now, let us bask in the glow of the raw emotion of international football, which is never as apparent as at the full-time whistle.

Tears, joy, pitch invasions, desolation, touching embraces and big, fat celebrations — these are moments when careers can be ended, or made.

We’ve collated the best of Euro 2024 so far in a handy top-10 format.

10) Poland 1-2 Netherlands (group stage)

With the Netherlands struggling to break down Poland in both teams’ opening match, Ronald Koeman sent for big Wout Weghorst as part of a double substitution in the 81st minute.

At full time, one of those replaced players, Cody Gakpo, bursts back onto the pitch to congratulate his team-mate, who scored the winner two minutes after his introduction. In Koeman’s day as a player, the Dutch were renowned for squad in-fighting and a lack of team spirit, but it feels much different with him as the manager.

This image perfectly encapsulated that.

	Gakpo sprints on to congratulate Weghorst (Stuart Franklin – UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images)
9) Portugal 0-0 France, 4-5 on penalties (quarter-finals)

Nothing contrasts footballing emotions with such starkness as the end of a penalty shootout.

Jules Kounde is like a puppy who’s just spotted its owner returning from holiday. But Joao Felix, whose miss means Portugal are out, is a picture of desolation — hands on head, shirt in mouth.

	France celebrate while Portugal contemplate elimination (Etsuo Hara/Getty Images)
8) Netherlands 2-1 Turkey (quarter-finals)

Amid the euphoria of his country reaching a first European Championship semi-final since 2004, a true act of sportsmanship from Denzel Dumfries, who takes a moment to console a sobbing Hakan Calhanoglu, a club colleague at Inter Milan.

	Dumfries consoles Calhanoglu (Halil Sagirkaya/Anadolu via Getty Images)
7) England 2-1 Slovakia (last 16)

Who were the winning team here? Pure exhaustion from five players who are empty physically and emotionally (more so the latter for Ivan Toney — No 17, far right — you’d hope, as he only played the final 32 minutes) at the end of a gruelling match which saw England come from a goal down with four of six added second-half minutes played to edge through after extra time.

	A mess of dejected and exhausted players in Gelsenkirchen (Robbie Jay Barratt – AMA/2024 AMA Sports Photo Agency)
6) Netherlands 2-3 Austria (group stage)

David Alaba missed out on these Euros after suffering a serious knee injury playing for Real Madrid in December but travelled to Germany as a walking, talking mascot — a non-playing captain of the Austria squad.

The way head coach Ralf Rangnick is clinging onto him here after Austria secured their spot as Group D winners by beating the Netherlands in a match where their opponents equalised twice, you would think Alaba was the mastermind of their success.

	Rangnick embraces Alaba (Alex Livesey/Getty Images)

Austria celebrated hard in Berlin after that one, reflecting a rare moment of genuine belief and hope in their international team. It would only last a few more days.

	Austria revel in progress – days before last-16 elimination by Turkey (Rico Brouwer/Soccrates/Getty Images)
5) Scotland 0-1 Hungary (group stage)

Talking of managers clambering all over players, here’s Steve Clarke reaching upwards to comfort Scott McTominay after Scotland’s traditional early tournament exit was confirmed by a late, late Hungary goal.

	Clarke peers up at McTominay (Clive Mason/Getty Images)
4) Georgia 2-0 Portugal (group stage)

A game that meant very little to Portugal, who had already qualified as group winners and made eight changes from their previous starting XI, but everything to Georgia, who celebrated the biggest win in their international football history.

	Georgia’s players celebrate (BBC Sport)

The second the final whistle blew, all of Georgia’s subs and staff careered onto the pitch.

Substitute goalkeeper Luka Gugeshashvili (No 12) did not kick a ball at the tournament, but here he is in a body position more suitable for a wrestling match… or a very special kind of nightclub:

	Gugeshashvili performs his post-match gymnastics (Jean Catuffe/Getty Images)

And here’s Guram Kashia limbo-ing in front of the Georgia end:

	The lesser spotted Georgian limbo (Ian MacNicol/Getty Images)
3) Croatia 1-1 Italy (group stage)

For unfiltered heartbreak, it was hard to beat the Croatians who, in the 97th minute of their group finale, were 1-0 up and heading for the last 16. Then up popped Mattia Zaccagni to consign them to third place, and guarantee Italy went through instead.

Josip Stanisic and Lovro Majer sank to the turf, devastated.

	Crestfallen Croatians (Peter Lous/BSR Agency/Getty Images)

Croatia’s fate would not be officially sealed until a couple of days later, but they knew two points would never be enough to be one of the four third-place finishers to survive.

Luka Modric was comforted by big Domagoj Vida as manager Zlatko Dalic walked past. Modric would still have the indignity of the player-of-the-match formalities to endure, where he resembled Shaun The Sheep after being told it’s lamb chops for dinner.

	Modric waits to accept his player of the match award (Alex Livesey/Getty Images)
2) Spain 2-1 Germany (quarter-finals)

The host nation crashing out in dramatic style is always one of the most memorable moments of an international tournament.

Spain had crept ahead late in extra time through Mikel Merino’s header, but there were three minutes of stoppage time still to endure, and the script seemed written for Toni Kroos, with retirement awaiting as soon as Germany’s involvement in these Euros ended, to help take it to penalties by whipping a searching free kick into the box with what would be the last kick of the game.

Instead, Kroos floated the set-piece delivery feebly into Unai Simon’s arms and the Spanish celebrations started.

	Farewell Germany (BBC Sport)

Antonio Rudiger was inconsolable.

	Rudiger reflects on the hosts’ defeat (Jurgen Fromme – firo sportphoto/Getty Images)

And Kroos bowed his head, his career over.

	Kroos bows out of his playing days (Image Photo Agency/Getty Images)
1) Austria 1-2 Turkey (last 16)

Because Turkey had defended an Austrian corner in the closing seconds of this match, all 11 Turkish players could be captured in the same shot.

All 11 are either flat on their backs, celebrating with both arms, or on their knees. And bear in mind, the referee has still got his whistle in his mouth as it’s about one second since he signalled the end of the contest.

	The Turks collapse to the turf victorious (BBC Sport)

Their exhaustion and elation reflect the tremendous amount of energy Turkey had to expend to beat Rangnick’s Austria, who were strongly fancied to win this tie.

Within 20 seconds of this moment the party had started, with substitutes and staff galore racing to that end of the pitch, where the Turkey fans were housed. Great scenes.

	The celebrations spill onto the turf seconds later (Justin Setterfield/Getty Images)

(Top photo: Emin Sansar/Anadolu via Getty Images) 

Tim Spiers is a football journalist for The Athletic, based in London. He joined in 2019 having previously worked at the Express & Star in Wolverhampton. Follow Tim on Twitter @TimSpiers

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5624752/2024/07/10/full-time-reactions-euro2024/ 
 ----- 
