Skip to content
Heart of Football
About Us
Matchday Tales
Stories
Popular Articles
Debates
Tournaments
Interviews
Opinion

Search
Search
AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023 Preview

By:

Daniel Walkley

A familiar stadium will host yet another delayed summer tournament opener as Qatar and Lebanon kick off the 2023 Asian Cup on Friday 12 January 2024 at the Lusail Stadium where Argentina lifted the 2022 World Cup.

Despite China winning the bid to host this edition of the Asia Cup, due to China’s COVID protocols, their FA relinquished control of the tournament and thus a new bidding war ensued. Australia, Indonesia, Qatar and South Korea went head to head for the privilege, but as expected at the time Qatar were announced as the host nation and the tournament subsequently moved to the winter months due to the high summer temperatures, and their participation in the 2023 CONCACAF Gold Cup. 

Qatar however are reigning champions of Asia after their spectacular campaign in 2019, defeating the most decorated nation Japan 3-1 in the final. Since then however it has not been progressive for the Gulf nation who have struggled to replicate this form and seem to have lost their spark, and arguably the star players that carried them through to their first major honour.

The Asian Cup consists of six groups of 4 teams, with the top two in each group automatically progressing to the knockout stages along with the four best-performing third-placed sides.

Heart of Football have broken down the groups in an overview to follow and give you an insight as to how the tournament could progress;

Group A

Qatar

The hosts & current champions. The Qataris have opened their World Cup qualifying campaign with two wins from two but will face much tougher opposition over the course of the tournament. A loss to Jordan in the build up to the Asian Cup is a cause for concern for the hosts. 

One to watch: Akram Afif

China

Once a force in Asia, China are in a period of transition and appear to be struggling to get back to the glory days of the early 2000s. China started 2024 with a shock loss to Hong Kong & will be keen to put that behind them going into their opener against debutants Tajikistan. 

One to watch: Wu Lei

Lebanon

The Cedars have welcomed back Miodrag Radulovic after a brief spell away from the national team in an attempt to turn their fortunes around after not winning in five beforehand. Radulovic was in charge when qualifying for the Asian Cup & has recently led his team to a win over India and a narrow defeat to Saudi Arabia.

One to watch: Gabriel Bitar

Tajikistan

The only debutants in this edition of the Asia Cup, Tajikistan came through their third round qualifying group without conceding and have enjoyed some success since, unbeaten in six international fixtures including a 6-1 thrashing of Pakistan in Islamabad. A young team hungry to bring success to the nation.

One to watch: Shakrom Samiev

Group B

Uzbekistan

Football in Uzebekistan has been steadily progressing in the last decade with its club sides reaching the knockout stages of the AFC Champions League quite regularly. This has transcended through the national team set up, most notably and recently with their Under-17 side knocking out their English counterparts in the U17 world cup. The senior side will no doubt continue to cause problems to the more traditional big nations in Asia and look to qualify through this tough group.

One to watch:  Abbosbek Fayzullaev

Australia

The Socceroos are always considered one of the front runners for this tournament despite only winning it once, back in 2015. This group of players however are in a rich vein of form, losing just once in their last five – to England at Wembley, a game in which many argue they had the better of the game for large periods. Graham Arnold will be looking at his European based players to help take victory back to Sydney and beyond. 

One to watch: Jackson Irvine

Syria

The Syrian national team have been very active with international fixtures since 2022 playing 20 times against nations from across the globe and with positive development. Wins against Thailand, China and North Korea have given hope to a nation that they can cause an upset, and qualify for the knockout stages of this years Asia Cup. 

One to watch: Omar Khribin

India

A tough group awaits Igor Stimac’s India side in what will be their sixth Asian Cup appearance. They open their campaign against group favourites Australia but will be hoping to draw positives from the fixture to carry into the remaining two group games. A win away at Kuwait in November 2023 was their first in seven, so we’re not expecting big things from the 1964 runners up.

One to watch: Apuia

Group C

United Arab Emirates

The UAE will be looking at this draw favourably as they continue to make strides forward. Losing just once in their last 10 fixtures, the 1996 runners up will be hoping to feature in the latter stages of the Asia Cup once more after reaching the semi-finals in 2019 as host nation. All 26 players representing the UAE play football in their country’s domestic league which could help on-field proceedings.

One to watch: Ali Mabkhout

Iran

Iran have won the Asia Cup three times, back to back to back between 1968-1976, but failed to make an impact since, until 2019 when losing in the semi-finals to beaten finalists Japan. The Iranian national side are unbeaten in all fixtures since the 2022 World Cup. Could this be the year Iran reclaim Asia’s number one spot?

One to watch: Mehdi Taremi

Hong Kong

This is Hong Kong’s first appearance in the Asian Cup in 56 years and they’ve been handed a tough task to qualify from this group. Wins against Cambodia & Afghanistan were enough to see them qualify for this year’s competition but one win in their last five doesn’t bode well for The Dragons. 

One to watch: Michael Udebuluzor

Palestine

Despite a winless run stretching to nine matches, results suggest that Palestine aren’t far away from turning draws into victories, and what better time to do so than in a major tournament. With Iran up first, Palestine will need to be at their best to ensure goal difference does not play a part come the end of the group stages, but their recent draw to Saudi Arabia should give them plenty of confidence. Palestine have scored just three goals since the start of 2023.

One to watch: Tamer Seyam

Group D

Japan

Where to start with the free scoring Japanese? Superstars in all positions, a manager who won the Asia Cup as a player, 10 games won on the bounce – including a 4-1 win away to Germany – and scoring 45 goals in the process. No wonder they’re the bookies’ favourites.

Japan will progress from this group at a canter with the only real opposition being Iraq, whom they’ve never been defeated by. 

One to watch: Kaoru Mitoma

Vietnam

Vietnam have been plagued with injury in the run up to this tournament, leaving them with the youngest squad in the tournament with an average age of just 25. Despite key players missing, those that are stepping up into the senior squad include stars from the Under-23s that progressed in the AFC U23 Asian Cup two years ago. 

A tough task for the Golden Star Warriors.

One to watch: Nguyễn Quang Hải

Indonesia

The Red and Whites are participating in their first Asian Cup since 2007 where they co-hosted the tournament and arrive on the back of a terrible run of form, without a win in five including back to back defeats to Libya at the start of 2024. Like Vietnam, Indonesia have named a young and largely inexperienced squad as they look to upset the Group D applecart.

One to watch: Marselino Ferdinan

Iraq

Iraq lost to eventual winners Qatar in 2019 at the Round of 16 stage in what was deemed an unsuccessful campaign for the 2007 Asia Cup champions. Jesus Casas has his Iraqi side playing a brand of football you’d expect from a former Spain assistant manager and when they get going they can cause teams a lot of issues.  Before a narrow defeat at the hands of South Korea at the beginning of January, Iraq were unbeaten in six competitive fixtures. 

One to watch: Ali Al-Hamadi 

Group E

Bahrain

An unknown quantity for much of the western world in terms of international football, however Bahrain have been a staple of the Asia Cup for the last decade where in that time they have finished fourth, back in 2004, and more recently made it out of the group stages in 2019. They will fancy their chances this year too as second place looks up for grabs in this group behind South Korea.

They will be looking to turn around recent losses to both the UAE & Australia and progress into the last 16 in their rival nation’s backyard.

One to watch: Abdulla Yusuf Helal

South Korea

Much like Japan, South Korea are right up there as a favourite to lift the Asian Cup come Saturday 10th February 2024. Led by Jurgen Klinsmann, The Tigers of Asia will be hoping to finally break a 64-year spell without a major trophy with the likes of familiar names Son Heung-Min and Hwang Hee-Chan, amongst others. 

South Korea come into the tournament in great form and will no doubt hope to surpass their quarter-final exit in 2019. 

One to watch: Lee Kang-In

Malaysia

With just two losses in the past year, Malaysia could spring a surprise and reach the knockout stages of the Asia Cup for the first time in their history. A recent draw against Syria and World Cup qualifying victories will no doubt have given Kim Pan-Gon’s team a much needed boost ahead of the tournament.  At 137th in the world rankings, Malaysia are the highest they have been in 17 years, proving their resurgence in recent times. 

A squad to keep an eye on for sure.

One to watch: Arif Aiman Hanapi

Jordan

A victory over hosts and current champions Qatar in a warm up game may have given a sense of hope to the Jordanian supporters as other than the friendly win, they have been on a terrible run of form.

The national team of Jordan has seen a stagnation for a good five to six years now and despite reaching the round of 16 in the 2019 Asian Cup, they were stunned by Vietnam who defeated them on penalties, almost kick starting these barren years. 

One to watch: Musa Al-Taamari

Group F

Saudi Arabia

On paper, Saudi Arabia should ease through this group and into the round of 16 for the second time in as many tournaments. The three-time winners are now led by Premier League & European Championships winner Roberto Mancini who has all the attributes to return The Green Falcons back to their glory years.

The footballing world now knows all about Saudi Arabia & the Saudi Pro-League and with investment, improvement in the standard of football and heightened interest, it can only mean positive development for the national squad. Could this year be the year to spark a period of dominance on the continent? 

One to watch: Firas Al-Buraikan

Thailand

With second place in this group as wide open as they come, Thailand will hope to have some luck on their side to reach the last 16 for the second time in as many tournaments.  While they don’t boast the superstar individuals as other nations do, Thailand have a resilient mentality that has seen them pick up some very respectable results recently, notably a win against Lebanon in last year’s Kings Cup which they eventually lost to Iraq on penalties. 

Expect goals in games involving Thailand and a quick, attacking style of play. 

One to watch: Suphanat Mueanta

Oman

This will be only the fifth time Oman have qualified for the Asian Cup but they are here on good merit. Many supporters of football in the west will know very little about this team, and with good reason. Unless you’re an avid follower of the Omani Professional League, you would not have heard of the majority of their squad for these games.

They have however recently beaten both UAE & China and come into the 2023 Asian Cup full of confidence of reaching the knockout stages. 

I think this team can finish second and cause an upset along the way.

One to watch: Muhsen Al-Ghassani

Kyrgyzstan

Kyrgysztan will be playing in the second Asian Cup in their history after successful progression through a tough qualifying group. Again, much of the squad will be relatively unknown but rising star Beknaz Almazbekov will hope to change that and pull his nation to another knockout game.

They come into the tournament off the back of a draw with Syria and a win over Vietnam. You feel their fixtures against Oman and Thailand will be the deciding factor of their fate. 

One to watch: Beknaz Almazbekov

There we have it – a full roundup of all 24 competing nations in the 2023 Asian Cup. Stay with Heart of Football throughout the tournament to keep up to date with everything you need to know. 

Share this:
TwitterFacebook
Loading…

Posted

10th Jan 2024

in

Asian Cup, Featured, Tournaments

by

Daniel Walkley

Tags:

AFC, Asian Cup, Qatar
MORE ARTICLES
Saudi Arabia Dreamland: How the Falcons ruined Messi’s swansong
Date
22nd Nov 2022
Unwelcome Hosts: How Qatar prepared for their golden moment
Date
20th Nov 2022
Boycotts, apathy, and jubilation… Qatar 2022 is finally here!
Date
20th Nov 2022
COMMENTS
ONE RESPONSE TO “AFC ASIAN CUP QATAR 2023 PREVIEW”
Football & The Olympic Games: Curious sporting bedfellows – Heart of Football
25th Jul 2024

[…] spread more democratically with Europe given the same number of qualification places as Africa and Asia. Add in the under-23 age limit (with three overage slots permitted), and not only the teams but the […]

Like

Reply
Leave a comment

Celebrating Everything that makes Football Special

Heart of Football. Since 2019

Proudly powered by WordPress

Comment
 
Reblog
 
Subscribe
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://heartof.football/2024/01/10/afc-asian-cup-qatar-2023-preview/ 
 ----- 
