This website utilizes technologies such as cookies to enable essential site functionality, as well as for analytics, personalization, and targeted advertising. You may change your settings at any time or accept the default settings. You may close this banner to continue with only essential cookies. Cookie Policy

Storage Preferences

Targeted Advertising
Personalization
Analytics
SAVE
ACCEPT ALL
REJECT ALL
CLOSE
Weather
38°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Why is Jerry Jones dragging out Cowboys coaching decision with Mike McCarthy?
As Dallas wine bar closes, owner cites challenges like Dry January and Ozempic
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
Faith-based group pushes UnitedHealth Group to study denials in wake of CEO murder
The great Ben Fountain left Dallas, but Dallas may never let him go
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Next year’s champs? Despite QB1′s likely exit, Sarkisian’s Longhorns are set up for future
Dallas-area chicken restaurant is one of the best in the country, Southern Living says
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was ‘plainly’ wrong, special counsel tells court
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Marcus Semien, Texas Rangers had enough with recent past after series win vs. Athletics
The Rangers’ bats bashed their way to a 9-4 win over Oakland on Sunday to clinch the team’s first winning series since Aug. 28-30.

By Shawn McFarland

Texas Rangers reporter

Sep. 10, 2023
|
Updated 5:47 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Texas Rangers' Marcus Semien rounds the bases after hitting a solo home run in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Oakland Athletics, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Arlington, Texas.(Tony Gutierrez / ASSOCIATED PRESS)

ARLINGTON — It’s not just that the Rangers have lost far more than they’ve won in the last month.

It’s that even those handfuls of wins have been, well, a bit uncomfortable.

Look, nothing’s been easy for Texas since the middle of August. Not even the good things. Entering Sunday’s series finale vs. the Oakland Athletics at Globe Life Field, the Rangers had won five games since Aug. 16. Four were one-run victories. One required a walk-off home run. Another needed a run-scoring wild pitch. Each win came with the added challenge of tip-toeing around a bullpen prone to implosions.

The other 16 games in that stretch were all losses. That included an eight-game losing streak and a historic Houston-induced pounding.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Uncomfortable. And, downright deflating.

So, when the Rangers eked out a one-run win over the A’s on Saturday by way of a wild pitch, the phrase “we’ll take it” was generally adopted by Texas.

ADVERTISEMENT

But Sunday’s win? They won’t have just taken it; they might’ve needed it.

The Rangers bashed their way to a 9-4 win over Oakland on Sunday to clinch the team’s first winning series since Aug. 28-30. It was the Rangers’ highest margin of victory since a 12-0 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Aug. 12. The team’s top hitters swung like world-beaters. The bullpen posted zeroes across the board. Manager Bruce Bochy didn’t need to sweat out a late-game pitching change or offensive substitution.

That he’s thankful for.

“Trust me,” Bochy said. “As a manager, that’s what you want.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Especially at this juncture. The Rangers will play four games vs. the Toronto Blue Jays — whom they trail by 1.5 games in the AL wild card standings — starting Monday in Canada. Then they’ll head to Cleveland for three games before returning for the regular season’s final homestand.

ADVERTISEMENT

It has the making of a decisive stretch, though they’ve all felt that way since the Rangers’ division lead slipped away at the end of August.

Regardless, Sunday was a good day for the Rangers to look a bit more like their first-half selves again.

“We won the ballgame, we scored a lot of runs, we kept the lead,” second baseman Marcus Semien said. “We just want to build off that. What happened in the past happened in the past. We can dwell on it, or we can focus on what’s ahead. I think that we can focus on what’s ahead.”

Related:Rangers manager Bruce Bochy shares updates on injured All-Stars Adolis García, Josh Jung
ADVERTISEMENT

Thank Semien for a good chunk of those runs. He went 4 for 5 with two home runs and a double, his second four-hit, multi-homer game of the homestand. He sent Luis Medina’s first-pitch sinker 396 feet into left field for his franchise-record eighth leadoff home run of the season in the first inning, then hit his second of the game off of an Adrian Martinez first-pitch slider in the sixth inning to give the Rangers an 8-4 lead.

Corey Seager followed Semien with his 30th home run one at-bat later to give the Rangers a 9-4 lead. Seager became the third Rangers player to post back-to-back 30-plus home runs seasons in his first two years with the club.

ADVERTISEMENT

Semien leads the AL with 166 hits. Seager leads the AL with a .336 batting average.

When it all clicks, as it did Sunday, there aren’t a whole lot of reasons to stress.

ADVERTISEMENT

“He doesn’t really have bad at-bats,” Seager said of Semien. “Even when he’s not going his best, he’s out there grinding, seeing pitches and just trying to move the lineup along.”

The Rangers scored three times in the first inning, once on Semien’s solo shot and two more times on a Robbie Grossman double. They scored again in the fifth on a two-run Nathaniel Lowe single that scored Semien (fielder’s choice) and Seager (double). Leody Taveras led off the sixth with a single and scored on a Josh Smith triple. Rookie Evan Carter, in his third MLB game, scored Smith on a sacrifice fly before the lineup turned back over to Semien.

ADVERTISEMENT

So the offense returned to form. But how about this: the bullpen did, too. After starter Jon Gray lasted just 2 2/3 innings and got knocked around for four runs (three earned) on four hits and two walks, the quartet of Andrew Heaney, Jose Leclerc, Brock Burke and Cody Bradford combined to pitch 6 1/3 scoreless innings.

“These guys did a really nice job of battling,” Bochy said. “It’s good to get a series, it’s been awhile.”

ADVERTISEMENT

Hey, enough with the past. Semien said so.

To Toronto they go.

ADVERTISEMENT

“I thought it was really important to at least take this series,” Bochy said. “Heading to Toronto, a team that we’re battling with, to get some momentum going with the offense, get a little bit of a swagger I guess. To win a couple of games, they have to be feeling good about themselves.”

Twitter/X: @McFarland_Shawn

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Shawn McFarland

Shawn covers the Texas Rangers and other Dallas-area sports for The News. He joined The Dallas Morning News after covering UConn basketball, football and high school sports for The Hartford Courant. A Boston area native, Shawn graduated from Springfield College in 2018 and previously worked for The Boston Globe and Baseball America.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Sunday Outlook: Another cold front arrives for North Texas
2
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
3
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
4
Video: ATVs take over empty lot near downtown Dallas
5
Faith-based group pushes UnitedHealth Group to study denials in wake of CEO murder
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/09/10/marcus-semien-texas-rangers-had-enough-with-recent-past-after-series-win-vs-athletics/ 
 ----- 
