Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Nathan Eovaldi, Texas Rangers Got What They Needed in A's Victory
The Texas Rangers snapped a four-game losing streak and Nathan Eovaldi made progress in his second start since returning from the injured list.
Art Garcia | Sep 10, 2023
Nathan Eovaldi, Texas Rangers Got What They Needed in A's Victory /
In this story:
Texas Rangers

Nathan Eovaldi needed Saturday night. So did the Texas Rangers.

The 3-2 win over the Oakland Athletics not only snapped a four-game losing streak, it gave Eovaldi and the Rangers something to build on.

The right-hander is still working his way back from the injured list and into the rotation, so logging 2 1/3 scoreless innings is definitely a step in the right direction after his last outing. Eovaldi allowed three hits, walked two and struck out three on 47 pitchers (27 strikes).

Texas manager Bruce Bochy said before the game that Eovaldi, who was pitching on three-days’ rest, would be limited to 45-50 pitches. All parties were pleased that Eovaldi got into the third inning and did not give up a run.

“You could tell he’s getting more and more comfortable,” Bochy said.

Eovaldi gave up four earned runs on Tuesday against the Houston Astros in just 1 1/3 innings. So progress was there against Oakland, but there’s still a ways to go before the veteran is all the way back.

“I felt good, but it’s one thing to do it in the bullpen,” Eovaldi said. “You have to transition yourself back to the game. I have to get back to the normal five-day routine.”

The issue is time is running short on the Rangers and their postseason hopes. Only 21 games remain in the regular season. Texas (77-64) is 3.0 games back of Houston in the American League West, while trailing the Seattle Mariners and Toronto Blue Jays by 1.5 games in the Wild Card chase.

Just winning a game – even against the bottom-feeding A’s – meant the Rangers didn’t lose any ground. With the ways things have gone lately, that’s got to be considered progress, too.

“For these guys, I’m sure it’s a sense of relief,” Bochy said. “When you get in a rut like this you take it any way you can.”

Texas can claim the Oakland series with a win Sunday. The Rangers are sending Jon Gray (8-7, 3.85) to the hill opposite Luis Medina (3-8, 5.46), with first pitch scheduled for 1:35 p.m.

A huge four-game series with playoff implications starts Monday at Toronto.

You can follow Art Garcia on Twitter @ArtGarcia92.

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook, Twitter, TikTok and Instagram.

Published Sep 10, 2023
ART GARCIA

Art Garcia is the Publisher and Editor-in-Chief of InsideTheRangers.com. Award-winning stops at various media outlets dot his career.

Follow ArtGarcia92

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/nathan-eovaldi-texas-rangers-oakland-athletics-victory-american-league-west-wild-card-playoff-race 
 ----- 
