The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
BULLS SPORTS NBA
Bulls show up in Detroit with some attitude and fight and beat Pistons
After the Bulls were humiliated Sunday at home by the Rockets, Nikola Vucevic wanted to set a tone in Detroit. He did that and had some help from his teammates in a 122-112 victory.
By  Joe Cowley   Nov 19, 2024, 3:40am UTC

Bulls showed up to Detroit with attitude and fight, led by Nikola Vucevic and his 29 points.

Carlos Osorio/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

DETROIT — There was fight from the Bulls.

No, really, with just over a minute left in the first quarter Monday night at Little Caesers Arena, Pistons center Isaiah Stewart and Bulls reserve guard Dalen Terry got tangled up on a rebound, then got tangled up with each other. Terry tried to go after the 6-8, 250-pounder before teammate Jalen Smith grabbed him and calmed him down.

It was a much different attitude than the Bulls exhibited a night earlier, when they allowed the Rockets to waltz into the United Center and give them a humiliating beatdown.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO BULLS
Bulls get message after inconsistent play continues in lopsided loss to Pacers
Bulls coach Billy Donovan sees All-Star value in Zach LaVine, Nikola Vucevic
Bulls' Coby White talks about dunking and why he doesn't do it more often
Coby White's dunk over Victor Wembanyama highlights Bulls' comeback victory
Bulls coach Billy Donovan opens up about direction of franchise
Former Simeon star Talen Horton-Tucker relishing his homecoming with Bulls
LATEST STORIES
Bears head coach candidate tracker: Pete Carroll, Ben Johnson set to interview
Les Grobstein book co-author seeking stories from fans, listeners about late Chicago sports-radio icon
Thomas Brown to interview with Seahawks for offensive coordinator job
Meta rolls back hate speech rules as Zuckerberg cites 'recent elections' as a catalyst
After decades in prison and 8 years in court, Mark Maxson settles wrongful conviction suit for $8.75 million
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
NATION/WORLD
Meta eliminates fact-checking in latest bow to Trump
Replacing third-party fact-checking with user-written “community notes” similar to those on Trump backer Elon Musk’s social platform X is the latest example of a media company accommodating the incoming administration. It comes four years after Zuckerberg banned Trump from his platforms after the Jan. 6, 2021 attack on the U.S. Capitol.
By AP  Jan 9, 2025, 4:47pm UTC
CRIME
Woman in custody after 2 stabbed in carjacking, crash in Garfield Ridge
A 41-year-old woman was walking to her Nissan Rogue on Thursday morning when a woman approached and stabbed her in the chest and bicep before taking her vehicle, Chicago police said.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 9, 2025, 4:43pm UTC
WASHINGTON
Watch live: Jimmy Carter honored with Washington funeral before burial in his Georgia hometown
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter will be honored with the pageantry of a funeral in the nation’s capital and second service in his tiny Georgia hometown that launched a Depression-era farm boy to the world stage.
By AP  Jan 9, 2025, 3:14pm UTC
NEWS
Chicago Lawn fire sends 1 person to the hospital
The fire began about 4:30 a.m. in the 2900 block of West 63rd Street, Chicago Fire Department spokesperson Larry Langford said. One person was taken to Holy Cross Hospital with “very minor” injuries, officials said.
By Sun-Times Wire  Jan 9, 2025, 2:54pm UTC
CUBS
Porter Hodge can raise bullpen's ceiling even as Cubs continue addressing position
Hodge is building off an impressive rookie season.
By Maddie Lee  Jan 9, 2025, 1:00pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/bulls/2024/11/18/bulls-show-up-in-313-attitude-and-fight-beating-pistons 
 ----- 
