European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Spain 2 France 1: A semi-final for the ages as Yamal makes history with wondergoal – The Briefing
By Dermot Corrigan, Liam Tharme and more
Jul 9, 2024

127

Spain are the first nation through to the Euro 2024 final after beating France 2-1 in Munich.

After a series of games at this year’s European Championship that could safely be filed as ‘cagey’, Spain and France served up a superb encounter on Tuesday evening. Didier Deschamps’ side took the lead inside 10 minutes via a Randal Kolo Muani header from a delightful Kylian Mbappe cross, but Spain hit back with two extraordinary goals, the first a welcome-to-the-big-time rocket from Lamine Yamal (who, as you might have heard, is 16) followed by a clever finish from Dani Olmo four minutes later.

There was no slowing down after the break either, with both sides continuing to trade blows. France had their chances to equalise but even Olivier Giroud — on as a substitute for his final international appearance — could not find a way through. Spain will head to Berlin for Sunday’s final and a chance to become champions of Europe for a fourth time.

Our writers Liam Tharme, Dermot Corrigan and Peter Rutzler break down the main talking points…

Want Phil Hay to analyse and explain the biggest Euro 2024 and Copa America stories for you? Sign up (for free) to The Athletic FC newsletter here

Are Spain now the big favourites to win Euro 2024?

Spain are back in their first big tournament final since the golden generation which dominated from 2008 to 2012. And whoever they face in the final, they will be big favourites to add a fourth European Championship trophy in Sunday’s decider.

The current La Roja team do not play like those sides which dominated tournaments with a technically excellent but risk-free possession style that won trophies but left many observers not fully satisfied.

Luis de la Fuente’s team do not play like anybody else in this tournament either, especially the way they get players forward — midfielders Fabian Ruiz and Dani Olmo breaking into the box — while the thrilling wide players Nico Williams and Lamine Yamal keep opposing full-backs wide as No 9 Alvaro Morata moves around the centre-backs.

	Nico Williams was impressive for Spain yet again (Alex Pantling – UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images)

It’s a risky approach as it means opponents also have a chance to play, and also to counter-attack. It makes for great entertainment for most watching, as games open up with opponents who are more used to sitting tight and playing chess-like games finding themselves overwhelmed at the back and then having to come out fighting themselves.

Spain have also been really good this tournament at responding to adversity — Georgia’s early opener in the last 16, Germany’s late equaliser in the quarter-finals, and then tonight’s comeback after Kolo Muani’s goal had seemingly put France in control.

Still, the team’s most attractive attribute remains the energy and excitement of their two young wingers — Williams was excellent again tonight, but it was Yamal who shone most brightly with his superb long-range goal and remarkable all-round performance.

What these kids, and this team, are doing in this tournament is very special. They will surely be most neutrals’ favourites on Sunday, whether they play England or the Netherlands. And they will deservedly be the bookies favourites, too — Spain have been by quite a distance the best team in this tournament so far.

Dermot Corrigan

A first half of sensational moments

Tournaments are decided on moments. In many ways, it was reminiscent of the Nations League final in 2021, when Spain opened the scoring then France equalised two minutes later.

The first half was the reverse this time. Kolo Muani scored his fifth senior France goal from a flowing right-to-left move of a Paris Saint-Germain trio: Ousmane Dembele switched it wide-left to Mbappe, who hung-up a back-post cross for Kolo Muani to header in — France’s first open-play goal of the tournament.

Yamal’s equaliser was even better, the first open-play goal scored against France this tournament. The jink and the top-corner finish belied his age. He should have assisted early in the game, only for PSG midfielder Fabian Ruiz to head over his inswinging cross (remarkably similar to the one Mbappe provided for Kolo Muani).

Meanwhile, Dani Olmo, who scored in the two previous knockout rounds (Spain’s opening goal against Germany and the fourth versus Georgia in the round of 16), put Spain in the lead with three phenomenal touches. His two touches, first to control William Saliba’s clearance, then to take the ball away from Aurelien Tchouameni, keeping the ball in the air, were good enough.

Then he drilled a shot low off Jules Kounde, but the goal — rightly — was his.

It was a first half filled with supreme quality — these were just three of its finest cuts.

Liam Tharme

Yamal answers Adrien Rabiot in the ideal manner

“Yamal will need to show more than what he’s done so far in the tournament if he wants to be in the final,” said France midfielder Adrien Rabiot at yesterday’s pre-game news conference.

The 16-year-old was listening, and replied as many teenagers do — via social media with an Instagram post saying “move in silence, only speak to say checkmate”.

The difference is that this 16-year-old can also reply in the adult real world. He almost created tonight’s opening goal, when a pinpoint cross almost set up Fabian Ruiz to head the opener in the opening moments of the game.

Kolo Muani soon scored from Mbappe’s cross, and Spain were rocking, with Mbappe causing huge problems for veteran stand-in right-back Jesus Navas, and France looking full of confidence.

But then Yamal picked up the ball 30 yards out, and completely changed the game again. It was an incredible goal, the composure to work the space, the confidence to take on the shot, the power and placement to put it outside the reach of one of the world’s top keepers in Mike Maignan.

It was only while watching the replay that most of us noticed that it had been Rabiot that Yamal had faced up when he got possession, had teased and twisted until he had the yard of space he needed to shoot and score and who was then left despairingly to blame for France losing their lead.

	Yamal twisted Rabiot inside and out before scoring (Dan Mullan/Getty Images)

It was a tremendous moment. For its timing, importance and pure technical quality, it was one of the best goals of this tournament, and one of the outstanding goals in Spanish football history.

It was also a tremendous way of answering Rabiot’s words the day before. Yamal is one of the most exciting talents to ever emerge in world football. He’s not 17 until Saturday.

	Yamal celebrates with the Spain bench (Alex Livesey/Getty Images)

Dermot Corrigan

France’s attack misfires again

For the first time, a Frenchman scored from open play for France.

But it was not the moment that unlocked the French attack.

Kolo Muani’s goal marked the high point of France’s forward play and it hinted at a change. It saw Dembele, lively after his cameo against Portugal, open up the game to find Mbappe, who in turn picked out Kolo Muani at the back post.

But thereafter, the brilliance belonged to Spain. When the moments fell to France, they were passed by once more. Despite their attacking options, including Dembele, Mbappe, Kolo Muani plus Bradley Barcola, Antoine Griezmann and Giroud from the bench, they could not summon a cutting edge.

Mbappe was unmasked for this match, frustrated with how his facial wear had been disrupting his game. His coach, Didier Deschamps, claimed beforehand that 50 per cent of Mbappe is worth 100 per cent of any player and there was merit to that, evidenced by his pinpoint assist.

	Mbappe played without his mask (Justin Setterfield/Getty Images)

But this has been a bruising European Championship for Mbappe. Not just because of his nose; he has only found the net once, and that was from the penalty spot. Against Spain, he had the chance to run at Jesus Navas, 38, for an hour but found moments limited. His one big chance landed in the 86th minute, the first time he had a direct run, one on one, with a Spanish defender in substitute Dani Vivian. He cut inside, as he always does, but the net did not bulge as most expected. He blazed over the bar.

He was not alone in his struggles. Dembele started the game well and it appeared his crossfield switches, which France deployed effectively against Belgium in the round of 16, might prove problematic for Spain again. Ultimately that didn’t happen. Dembele created more chances than any other team-mate but also watched on as three of his 15 crosses failed to find a target. The penalty area was unbreachable for France.

That’s the story of their tournament and, despite their defensive stability, it was the attacking excellence of Spain that won out.

Peter Rutzler

How will France reflect on Euro 2024?

Deschamps has been in charge of France for almost 12 years and after 159 matches, the way his teams play should not really be a surprise.

They are built on defensive solidity. It is designed to reduce the risks and play the odds of knockout football. It has brought success. Consecutive World Cup finals reflect that.

Yet it lives in uncomfortable taste and can trigger a backlash from observers. Surely a team with this much quality could do more?

That is probably the overriding sentiment at the end of this tournament. France reached the semi-finals, which is no mean feat. But they did so begrudgingly. Their goalscorers were from the penalty spot, an own goal or Kolo Muani. Their issues centred more on missed chances in this tournament but they did not win admirers, nor perhaps, showcase the full range of their attacking potential.

	Deschamps’ football has been criticised (Matthias Hangst/Getty Images)

That is the thing about adopting a style framed around efficiency. When it works, you have the last laugh. But when it does not, and the results do not supplant the eye test, it is much more open to questioning.

This game was billed as a ‘beauty against the beast’ type showdown with France a team uncaring about aesthetics, and Spain the entertainers. That perhaps undermines the nature of this contest which was broadly a compelling watch, far more engaging than the majority of France’s outings at the Euros. In open play, a Frenchman scored for the first time, and they looked fluent.

Yet, when a team is geared around control and structure, it becomes much harder to release the shackles when the chips were down. Spain showed that brilliance could breach France’s excellent defence and then they asked France whether they could respond. Ultimately they could not.

The European Championship remains an elusive trophy for this French generation, and their manager. He is contracted for two more years and the fact he reached the last four once again will be evidence that he continually puts France in a position to win tournaments. Were the Euros a failure? Yes, in light of France’s own high standards. But they were not a disastrous result by any means. A semi-final of a knockout competition is only slightly below par for a team of this quality.

It is unlikely then, to outweigh the unease about their performances.

Peter Rutzler

Morata gets clattered after the whistle

Spain’s celebrations in front of their supporters at the final whistle took a worrying turn when a spectator invaded the pitch and a member of security ran towards the players, only to slip and slide into Alvaro Morata.

The Spain forward was pictured hobbling and holding his leg after the incident, seemingly in pain. He was later seen in television footage being supported by a member of staff and his team-mate Vivian.

	A member of security collided with Morata (Breton/Pics Action/NurPhoto via Getty Images)

With the final on Sunday, Spain and Morata will be hoping no serious damage has been done and he will be fully fit to take part in the final at the Olympiastadion in Berlin.

Alex Brodie

Recommended reading
In Lamine Yamal’s home town, Spain’s Euro 2024 heroics stop everything
England penalties vs Switzerland analysed: Buddy system, Pickford bottle, crucial pauses
How Wout Weghorst changed the Turkey game – and what it says about the Netherlands at Euro 2024
England are not convincing, but who cares? It’s time to just enjoy the ride

(Top photo: Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5622399/2024/07/09/spain-france-euro-2024-result-analysis/ 
 ----- 
