Did you know? Sortiraparis is a pioneering cultural guide on the Internet: we remain fiercely attached to the now rare concept of freedom of the press.
That's why Sortiraparis has made a choice at the heart of its editorial team: our journalists write only for you, our readers. Millions of you read us, and we believe you deserve independent information every time you rely on us to spend a good time with your loved ones. That's why our mission since 2002 has been to help our readers build lasting memories with their loved ones.
Companies can write professional content themselves on Sortiraparis, in which case it is always marked "sponsored" in the top left-hand corner, so that you can always identify the source. Our journalists, on the other hand, write exclusively for our readers. This independence also depends on you. Are you tired of being misled by misleading content? You can do something about it! From now on, support information spaces that are free from influence, and that defend you.
A FEW WORDS ABOUT OUR COOKIES
Cookies aren't just cakes (although we often talk about them on Sortiraparis!). Sortiraparis creates free content through advertising. That's why we and our partners store and/or access information stored on a terminal, such as Internet cookies, and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information, sent by each terminal to deliver personalized ads and content, measure ad and content performance, obtain audience data, and develop and improve products. With your permission, we and our partners may use geolocation and identification data through terminal analysis. By accepting, you consent to the processing described above, and we thank you very much for your support.
SUPPORT AND PAY
ACCEPT AND CLOSE
Follow us:
My account
NEWS
FOOD & DRINK
CULTURE
LEISURE
NIGHTS & BARS
FAMILY
GOOD DEALS
FAIRS AND EXHIBITIONSSPORT AND WELLNESSSHOPPING AND FASHIONWALKS AND PARKSGAMINGUNUSUAL
Home  Leisure  Sport and Wellness  Euro 2024: France - Spain, where to see the semi-final in Paris this Tuesday?
EURO 2024: FRANCE - SPAIN, WHERE TO SEE THE SEMI-FINAL IN PARIS THIS TUESDAY?
Published by Graziella de Sortiraparis · Published on July 6, 2024 at 07:45 p.m.
France meets a quality opponent, Spain, for a summit semi-final, this Tuesday July 9, 2024, at 9pm. Where to watch the match in the capital?

Euro 2024 continues for Les Bleus, who finished second in their group after just one win and two draws. After coming through the Belgium game thanks to an own goal, France managed to get through their quarter-final match against Portugal, but still without scoring a goal in the game! An unprecedented feat in the history of the competition, but one which seems to be bringing the French surprising good fortune!

So far, Les Bleus have struggled to be creative, despite their in-form midfield and defense. But they'll have to think about scoring goals if they hope to continue in the competition and take the cup home for Bastille Day! In the semi-finals, we'll have to beat a top-quality nation, Spain, who beat hosts Germany after a tough match. This Tuesday, July 9, 2024, 9pm, on M6 or beIN Sports!

TO BE READ
Tips for the week of December 30, 2024 - January 5, 2025 in Paris: free or cheap outings
What to do in Paris in December 2024? Discover this month's events in the Paris Region
A guide to running in Paris and the Ile-de-France region in 2025

Two teams made up of great players, but one of them is likely to be in trouble, as Spain have to juggle injuries and expulsions, after a match against Germany as complicated as that of the French, with both teams having to play to extra time. The level of fatigue is therefore likely to be similar, even if Les Bleus went all the way to penalties! So nothing is decided in this race to the final!

For those who want to enjoy these great matches in what should be pleasant weather, many bars and restaurants will be showing the match on a big screen, so all you have to do is choose your favourite!

Euro 2024: where to watch the competition matches in bars and restaurants in Paris?
During Euro 2024, there's a match almost every night! Whether you're supporting France, Germany, Portugal or another nation, the matches are being broadcast in many of the capital's bars and restaurants! [Read more]

France-Spain broadcast and RMC "After Foot" live from the Léo Lagrange stadium
Are you a fan of RMC's After Foot program? For the match between France and Spain, the studio is relocating to the Léo Lagrange stadium in Bondy, Kylian Mbappé's training club, this Tuesday, July 9, 2024! [Read more]

Refer your establishment, click here
Promote your event, click here

PRACTICAL INFORMATION

DATES AND OPENING TIME
On July 9, 2024
Starts at 09:00 p.m.


Tags: sport, soccer, semi-final, FRANCE TEAM, france spain, euro 2024
WORTH READING TOO...
The fireworks these July 13 and 14, 2024 in Hauts de Seine (92) the good plans
Euro 2024: Spain - England, where to see the final in Paris this Sunday?
CinéClub Paradiso: free open-air cinema, DJ set and dancing at La Seine Musicale
France-Spain broadcast and RMC "After Foot" live from the Léo Lagrange stadium
Euro 2024: on which channels can you watch the matches? Semi-finals programme
Euro 2024: where to watch the competition matches in bars and restaurants in Paris?
Euro 2024: all the latest news and information on this summer's soccer competition
French terrace restaurants in Paris, our top addresses
COMMENTS
Today
Tomorrow
This week-end
Next week
Paris Basketball's next must-see games at the Adidas Arena
Built for the Olympic Games, the Adidas Arena is now Paris Basketball's year-round stadium, providing the perfect setting for a host of basketball matches in this urban venue. Find out what's coming up next!
PSG Stadium Tour : For Christmas, get your ticket to the Parc des Princes!
Paris Saint-Germain invites you to discover its history and go behind the scenes of its mythical home! From December 21 and throughout the vacation season, come and experience the magic of the festive season at the Parc des Princes.
Climbing District Saint-Lazare, a climbing gym and coworking space hidden in a chapel
How about a climb in an atypical location? Climbing District is located in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Saint-Lazare train station. Housed in a hidden former chapel, this climbing gym, which looks like an old library, is sure to surprise. Tip: coworking spaces with free wifi and coffee shop.
Christmas 2024-2025 in Paris: an ice rink a stone's throw from the Bois de Vincennes
On your skates! For Christmas 2024, Vincennes is delighting young and old alike with an open-air ice skating rink on the Hôtel de Ville esplanade. See you there from December 6, 2024 to January 5, 2025!
A real skating rink sets up Parc André Citroën: Patins en folie
Feel like skating in the fresh air of Paris? The Parc André Citroën, in the 15ᵉ arrondissement, is the place to be, from December 15, 2024 to March 2, 2025, to enjoy a 450 m² ice rink. We tell you all about it.
Paris-Saint-Germain: the calendar for December 2024, matches to watch
In December 2024, Paris-Saint-Germain will be swinging between Ligue 1 and the Champions League! A chance for Luis Enrique and his new recruits to build on their success at national and European level.
Play Padel in Paris: Sportfield installs a court overlooking the Eiffel Tower
Fancy playing padel in the heart of Paris, with the Eiffel Tower as a backdrop? We tried out Sportfield's brand-new "central 16" court under a magnificent autumn blue sky, and had a great time!
Where to play soccer in Paris? Open-air pitches in the capital
You've got a great champion in you: come and show off your soccer skills on the sports fields of Paris, during an open-air match with friends.
Piscine Roger Le Gall, a naturist swimming pool in Paris
The Piscine Roger Le Gall is a swimming spot located in the 12th arrondissement of Paris that offers swimmers an open-air pool on sunny days, a 100% indoor pool, a solarium and dedicated slots for naturist sessions!
Head Spa by Pop my curls, a sensory Japanese head spa for curly hair near Paris
Have you seen those Japanese HeadSpas that are all the rage on social networks? No need to take a plane to enjoy this wellness experience: a concept within navigo's reach awaits you in the Paris region. Bonus: services are also available for curly hair and locks!
Winter sports: it's possible to ski in the Paris Region!
Yes, yes: it's possible to ski near Paris, without leaving the Île-de-France! To improve your snowplough technique, head for Crazy Park, in Bonneuil-sur-Marne. Young and old alike can enjoy an indoor ski simulator all year round, the only one of its kind in the region!
Where to play ping-pong or table tennis outdoors in Paris?
Are you a table tennis fan? Good news, in Paris, many spots are equipped with self-service ping-pong tables. Pack your rackets and balls, and we'll tell you where to find them!
Refine your search
LIVE FEED
Live feedMost read
Saturday
01:09 p.m.
Bridget Jones: Mad about him - preview at Grand Rex with cast!
Friday
05:32 p.m.
Notre-Dame de Paris: schedules, bookings, concerts, news, everything you need to know
04:32 p.m.
What is Hanukkah? History and meaning of the Jewish Festival of Lights
04:00 p.m.
Pollution at Paris City Hall: Environmental impact of petrol tank overflows
03:40 p.m.
RER E: traffic disrupted in Seine-Saint-Denis on December 27 after accident
 
See more
CALENDAR
<<
DECEMBER 2024
>>
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	 	 	 	 	 	1
2	3	4	5	6	7	8
9	10	11	12	13	14	15
16	17	18	19	20	21	22
23	24	25	26	27	28	29
30	31	 	 	 	 	 
LATEST CITY-GUIDES
Not-to-be-missed 2025 marathons and half-marathons in Paris and the Ile-de-France region
Guide to 2025 solidarity running events in Paris and the Île-de-France region
A guide to running in Paris and the Ile-de-France region in 2025
Family and children's running in 2025 in Paris Region
All city-guides: Leisure >
Advertising • Add your location or event • Add a location • FAQ / Contact
Manifest • Legal notice • Privacy policy • Sortir de Paris
Receive our best tips à Paris et en Île de France (in French) for free, registration below:
>
1
Gérer Notifications
SUBSCRIBE
Your personal notification data:
DOWNLOAD
CLEAR
WonderPush fully supports european GDPR
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sortiraparis.com/en/what-to-do-in-paris/sport-wellness/articles/315670-euro-2024-france-spain-where-to-see-the-semi-final-in-paris-this-tuesday 
 ----- 
