ES Fancast

Home
/
Soccer
Spain vs France- Expected Starting Lineup, Injury Updates, Head-to-Head Stats, Team News, Predictions, Live Stream & How To Watch Euro 2024 on TV Channels
By
Saransh Chauhan

Jul 8, 2024 | 1:00 PM MDT

Debate

Soccer fans, fasten your seatbelts! The UEFA Euro 2024 has now reached its crucial semi-final stage. The tournament started with 24 teams and now we are down to the last 4. And the first two teams to kick-start this phase of the tournament are Spain and France. This is no doubt a clash between two European giants vying for a spot in the finals against either England or the Netherlands. So far, both teams haven’t lost a single match in the tournament. Now, let’s delve into the details of this highly anticipated match-up.

Watch What’s Trending Now!

Team news and injury updates

Spain: Spain is set to undergo significant changes going into the semi-finals. They will be missing three of their usual starters. The major news is about Barcelona’s star midfielder, Pedri, who suffered a knee injury clashing with Toni Kroos during the quarterfinals against Germany. Unfortunately, the injury ended his tournament early. Dani Olmo who has scored 2 goals alongside 2 assists in the last 3 games is likely to be his replacement. Here’s also a piece of good news for the Spanish fans; Lamine Yamal is all fit to play.

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

Additionally, Spain would also miss two other players, Dani Carvajal and Robin Le Normand. Dani Carvajal picked up a red card against Germany and Robin Le Normand got his second yellow of the tournament, meaning both are suspended for the semi-final match. As a backup for the Real Madrid right-back, Jesus Navas is likely to step in. The 38-year-old Navas, who is interestingly the only remaining player from La Roja’s golden generation that won the 2008 and 2012 Euros and the 2010 World Cup, now has a chance to be the oldest player ever to win Euro if Spain wins this time.

Poll of the day
Poll 1 of 6

Who will be the game-changer in the Spain vs. France Euro 2024 clash?

Mbappe

Griezmann

Morata

Pedri

Which of the following age groups best describes you?

18-24

35-44

45-54

55-64

65+

Is Mohamed Salah wrong for celebrating Christmas despite his Muslim faith?

Yes, it's against his religion

No, it's his personal choice

It's just a holiday celebration

Not sure

Whats Your Perspective On:

Can Spain's tactical brilliance outshine France's raw talent in this Euro 2024 showdown?

Have an interesting take?

Join The Debate

Is Tottenham Hotspur making a huge mistake by delaying Son Heung-min's contract renewal?

Yes, they risk losing a star

No, they have a plan

It's complicated

Not sure

Is Ruben Amorim the right man to turn Manchester United's season around?

Yes, he needs more time

No, he's out of his depth

It's too early to tell

Only if he changes tactics

Do you agree with Alexi Lalas that Naomi Girma and Christian Pulisic deserve the US Soccer Player of the Year titles?

Yes, they are the best choices

No, other players deserve it

Only Girma deserves it

Only Pulisic deserves it

Want to dive deeper?

Here are the articles that inspired recent polls.

France: On the other hand, the situation is slightly better for the French. Eduardo Camavinga is the only one who has received a suspension in the France squad. Adrien Rabiot who faced a one-match ban, is now available and can be a starter. Also, Usman Dembele who put out an impressive display in the last match against Portugal is likely to be Deschamps’ pick on the right flank.

What’s your perspective on:

Can Spain's tactical brilliance outshine France's raw talent in this Euro 2024 showdown?

Have an interesting take?

Debate

Other than that, Kylian Mbappe ignited some further injury worries after being taken out right before the penalty shootout against Portugal. However, no further alarming updates have come from that, and the star striker is expected to play.

via Reuters

Expected starting lineups for Euro 2024 semi-final

Spain Expected XI: Simon; Navas, Nacho, Laporte, Cucurella; Ruiz, Rodri, Olmo; Lamal, Morata, Williams

France Expected XI: Maignan; Kounde, Upamecano, Saliba, Hernandez; Rabiot, Tchouameni, Kante; Dembele, Kolo Muani, Mbappe

Head-to-head stats

Total matches played: 36

Spain (won): 16

France (won): 13

Draw- 7

Predictions for the match

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

Before dropping predictions, let’s take a look at both team’s performance in the last 5 matches.

Spain: W, W, W, W, W
France: W, W, D, D, W

There is no doubt that Spain has so far had a better track record at Euro 2024 than France and has looked like the favorite to win the whole tournament. Well, our prediction also doesn’t differ from that, as we expect Spain to win over France. But given France’s strong defense, it won’t be an easy task and could even go down to penalty shootouts. Our final score prediction is Spain 1-0 France.

ADVERTISEMENT

Article continues below this ad

Euro 2024: Where and how to watch Spain vs. France?

The Spain vs France clash is set to take place at the Allianz Arena in Munich, with the game kicking off at 1500 hrs ET (1200 hrs PST) on July 9th, 2024. Fans at home can catch the action live on Fox Sports and stream it on Fubo TV, and VIX.

Share this with a friend:

Debate

What's Your Perspective On

Can Spain's Tactical Brilliance Outshine France's Raw Talent In This Euro 2024 Showdown?

Written By

Saransh Chauhan

1,337
Articles
One Take at a Time
Saransh Chauhan is a Senior Soccer Writer at EssentiallySports. From dissecting the latest developments in soccer leagues to delving into off-court and entertainment topics, Saransh has cemented his reputation as a true all-rounder. His coverage leans towards players with exceptional dribbling skills and playmaking abilities; Ozil, Xavi, Iniesta, and Neymar for example.
Know more

Edited By

Tushhita Barua

EssentiallySports is a digital-first sports media house that surfaces the best stories on America's favorite sports celebrities with a fan's perspective to 30+ M average monthly readers.

Sports

All

Boxing

Golf

NASCAR

NBA

NFL

Tennis

UFC

WNBA

College Football

Track And Field

Gymnastics

Olympics

MLB

Soccer

Swimming

EssentiallySports

About Us

Advertise With Us

Authors

Editorial Team

Behind The Scenes

Humans of EssentiallySports

Contact Us

Press

FAQs

Our Brands

ES Think Tank

Essentially Athletics

She Got Game

Essentially Golf

Lucky Dog on Track

FanCast

Privacy Policy

ES Pressroom

Ethics Policy

Fact-Checking Policy

Corrections Policy

Cookies Policy

GDPR Compliance

Terms Of Use

Editorial Guidelines

Ownership And Funding Information

Full Spectrum Services LLP © 2024 | All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.essentiallysports.com/soccer-football-news-spain-vs-france-expected-starting-lineup-injury-updates-head-to-head-stats-team-news-predictions-live-stream-how-to-watch-euro-2024-on-tv-channels/ 
 ----- 
