TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is Belarus v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is Belarus v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch Belarus v Northern Ireland in the Nations League, including TV details, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Ned Holmes
Published: Friday, 11 October 2024 at 1:10 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

It's tight at the top of Nations League Group C3 ahead of Northern Ireland's trip to face Belarus in Hungary on Saturday.

Belarus and Bulgaria sit top, level on four points, after September's opening round of fixtures, while Michael O'Neill's side are a point back in third courtesy of the victory in their opener against bottom-place Luxembourg.

Northern Ireland followed that win up with a defeat against Bulgaria, but there remains plenty of optimism about what this young group can achieve, and Liverpool's Conor Bradley has revealed they've still got their sights set on topping the group.

Watch Belarus v Northern Ireland on YouTube

A victory against Belarus would be a huge step in the right direction. The visitors' hopes will be boosted by their hosts' UEFA ban, which means the game is set to be played in Hungary and without fans in attendance – wiping out any home advantage.

With a game against Bulgaria at Windsor Park to come on Tuesday, the October international break looks set to be a decisive period in Nations League Group C3, and a win on Saturday would be the perfect way to start.

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch Belarus v Northern Ireland on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today

When is Belarus v Northern Ireland?

Belarus v Northern Ireland will take place on Saturday 12th October 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

Belarus v Northern Ireland kick-off time

Belarus v Northern Ireland will kick off at 7:45pm.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

What TV channel is Belarus v Northern Ireland on?

Unfortunately, Belarus v Northern Ireland has not been selected for live TV broadcast in the UK.

How to live stream Belarus v Northern Ireland online

Fans can watch Belarus v Northern Ireland live on the Viaplay International YouTube channel for free.

Viaplay have confirmed that a host of other Nations League games this weekend, including Northern Ireland's game against Bulgaria on Tuesday, will also be broadcast.

Listen to Belarus v Northern Ireland on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio Ulster.

BBC Radio Ulster is available on DAB radio or you can tune into the station via most TV packages - local restrictions will apply. You can also listen to BBC Radio Ulster online via the BBC website or BBC Sounds app.

Advertisement

Belarus v Northern Ireland odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: Belarus (7/2) Draw (11/5) Northern Ireland (9/10)*

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. GambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

Check out more of our Sport coverage or visit our TV Guide and Streaming Guide to find out what's on. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Ned Holmes
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is Northern Ireland v Belarus Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Bulgaria v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is Northern Ireland v Belarus Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Bulgaria v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Scotland v Croatia Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is Luxembourg v Northern Ireland Nations League match on? TV details, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/belarus-northern-ireland-nations-league-2024-25-preview/ 
 ----- 
