Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'He's one of the best': Gunnar's clutch 37th homer propels O's
Share
'He's one of the best': Gunnar's clutch 37th homer propels O's
Baltimore moves back to 2 games behind Yankees in AL East
September 15th, 2024

Dawn Klemish

@Sportsgal25
Share

0:07

0:24

DETROIT -- Battle tested.

Those are the two words Gunnar Henderson used to describe what the 2024 Orioles will be by the time the postseason rolls around. He’s looking forward to it, and so are his teammates.

One season ago, Baltimore won 101 regular-season games, claimed its first American League East title in nearly a decade, secured the top postseason seed and then was swept -- for the first time all year -- in the AL Division Series.

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Perhaps last season was too easy, and a lack of pressure during the first six months was not adequate preparation for the final three days. If that’s true, the O’s -- who beat the Tigers, 4-2, on Saturday night at Comerica Park -- might very well be firing on all cylinders come this October after weathering the second half.

“It’s no secret that the ball hasn’t been bouncing our way, that things haven’t gone our way,” said James McCann, whose sacrifice fly kicked off the Orioles’ three-run seventh. “But one thing about this clubhouse, [is that] we’ve stayed close through it all. We are going to keep driving together.”

Baltimore hasn’t been too up or too down since the All-Star break, but it’s still just two games behind the Yankees in the division and has a two-game lead on the Royals for the top AL Wild Card spot. It's certainly not a bad position to be in. Still, the Orioles know they can do better, and are working to foster a sense of urgency before they’re faced with win-or-go-home baseball.

“I feel like it’s good to be battle tested, because last year we didn’t really get that not being swept the whole year,” Henderson said following a 1-0 loss in the series opener. “This year, we have to play a little more gritty and just a little more together. … I feel like all it takes is one little spark, and we’ll get hot again.”

Related
Reliever Kittredge headed to Orioles on 1-year deal (source)

6:14 AM UTC

Orioles avoid arbitration with 10 of 11 eligible players

3:00 AM UTC

Morton thought he might have thrown his last pitch. Then O's came calling

January 8th, 2025

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Here is the 2024 'All-Awardless' team

December 1st, 2024

These 15 hitters are thankful for the luckiest hits of '24

November 28th, 2024

Henderson, who finished 2-for-3 as Baltimore evened the series, did what he could to be that spark. Frustrated with the opener that saw the O’s garner just one hit -- his triple -- the reigning AL Rookie of the Year led off the game with a walk and then stole second. When he was stranded at third to end the inning, Henderson marched back up in the third, slugged a two-out double and then scored on Cedric Mullins’ ensuing single

Henderson wasn’t done. Already the owner of the franchise’s single-season home run record for a shortstop, he came to bat again in the seventh and connected for No. 37, a two-run shot to right that pushed Baltimore’s lead to 4-0.

If anyone can light a fire under the O’s, it’s Henderson, who’s hitting .375 (18-for-48) with four doubles, a triple, four home runs and nine RBIs in 12 September games.

“[Henderson is] a great all-around player,” said Tigers catcher Jake Rogers. “... He's one of the best right now, and he deserves recognition for it. He hits the ball hard and often."

The insurance runs came in handy in the ninth, when Detroit rallied to score twice off Seranthony Domínguez and bring the winning run to the plate with two outs. Domínguez coaxed Zach McKinstry into a game-ending groundout, but Henderson’s knocks made things a bit less panicked.

“Gunnar just getting a pitch to hit and putting an exclamation point on that inning [was great],” manager Brandon Hyde said. “Any time we can create some separation runs-wise, as you saw in the ninth inning, the better we are for it. That’s something we’ve had a tough time with this year, and it was a huge hit for us at the time.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

While Henderson steered the offense, Corbin Burnes’ commanding seven innings made sure the Tigers gained no momentum. Burnes held Detroit scoreless on just two hits -- a pair of singles from Colt Keith -- struck out seven and walked just one.

After a bumpy August, Burnes has a 1.57 ERA across his past four starts (23 innings). His batterymate was quick to laud the bounceback, although even with a few rocky outings, the righty still has 21 quality starts in 30 tries this season, tied for second most in the AL behind Seattle’s Logan Gilbert, who has 22.

“That’s the best I’ve seen [Burnes] in a long time,” McCann said. “He commanded the baseball extremely well to both sides of the plate. Had everything working from the get-go, and the results showed.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Baltimore Orioles
Gunnar Henderson

Dawn Klemish is a senior content producer for MLB.com based in Detroit.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

5:00 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

4:24 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/gunnar-henderson-hits-home-run-37-orioles-win 
 ----- 
