Skip to content
Subscribe Now
26°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Pets and Animals
Vitality: Active Seniors
Personal Tech
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBDETROIT TIGERS
Gunnar Henderson homers as the Baltimore Orioles top the Detroit Tigers 4-2
1 of 4

Baltimore Orioles’ Gunnar Henderson, right, celebrates with Livan Soto after he hit a two-run home run in the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Detroit Tigers, Saturday, Sept. 14, 2024, in Detroit. (AP Photo/Jose Juarez)

By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
UPDATED: September 14, 2024 at 10:19 PM EDT

DETROIT (AP) — One day after breaking up a no-hitter in the ninth inning, Gunnar Henderson homered and doubled to help the Baltimore Orioles beat the Detroit Tigers 4-2 on Saturday.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
Tigers projected to have mediocre 2025 season
Henderson drove in two runs and scored twice to help the Orioles move within two games of the AL East-leading Yankees. The All-Star shortstop tripled with two out in the ninth for Baltimore’s only hit in a 1-0 loss to Detroit on Friday night.

Corbin Burnes (14-8) pitched seven innings of two-hit ball for Baltimore on Saturday.

“That’s his best start of the year,” Orioles manager Brandon Hyde said. “He just had everything going tonight.”

The Tigers trailed 4-0 going into the ninth, but Parker Meadows ended Detroit’s scoreless streak at 15 innings with a homer off Seranthony Domínguez. Colt Keith followed with a single, but Domínguez retired Kerry Carpenter and Riley Greene on deep flyballs.

Wenceel Pérez struck out, but reached first when the ball got away from James McCann. Spencer Torkelson made it 4-2 with an RBI single before Zach McKinstry grounded out to first.

“We put on a nice fight at the end,” Tigers manager A.J. Hinch said. “These guys never quit. We know that.”

The Tigers (76-73) had won five of six. They are trying to track down the Twins (78-70) for the third AL wild card.

Burnes struck out seven and walked one.

“That’s as good as I have seen him in a long time,” McCann said. “That’s what your ace does — he gives you a chance to win big games.”

Beau Brieske tossed a scoreless first inning to become the first Tigers pitcher to start on back-to-back days since Hal Newhouser in 1946.

He retired the first four batters on Friday, but walked the first two hitters on Saturday before Anthony Santander grounded into a 3-6-1 double play. He then struck out Adley Rutschman to record an MLB-record fourth straight start without allowing a hit.

After walking to start the game, Henderson doubled off Ty Madden (1-1) in the third and scored on Cedric Mullins’ base hit.

Baltimore added three runs in the seventh.

With one out, Kenta Maeda hit Emmanuel Rivera with a pitch. Rivera took third on Livan Soto’s double and scored on McCann’s sacrifice fly. Henderson followed with a 106.7-mph line drive into the service tunnel behind the right-field fence.

“It is huge any time you can create some separation late in the game — that’s something we’ve had a tough time with this year,” Hyde said. “Soto gets the huge double, Mac does a great job of getting the ball in play and Gunnar gets a pitch to hit and puts an exclamation point on the inning.

“As you could see from the ninth, you can always use more runs.”

Henderson has 37 homers on the season. He has scored 113 runs, the most by an Oriole since Roberto Alomar’s franchise-record 132 in 1996.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Orioles: Hyde said reliever Yennier Cano wasn’t available due to “soreness,” but could pitch as soon as Sunday.

UP NEXT

The teams finish the series on Sunday afternoon in a game moved to 12:10 p.m. because of the Lions-Buccaneers game next door at Ford Field. Baltimore LHP Cade Povich (2-8, 5.91 ERA) will face RHP Keider Montero (5-6, 4.88 ERA).

— By DAVE HOGG, Associated Press

Originally Published: September 14, 2024 at 10:12 PM EDT
Around the Web
Iowa Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Experts From US Have Found a Way to Get Rid of Baldness in 4 Days!
Moerie
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Iowa: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You're on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Council Bluffs: New Built 2 Bed Senior Apartments for $250/month - Take a Look Inside
Senior Living
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch for Easy Blood Sugar Testing
Ribili
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Local Grandma Creates Popular Bra Worn by Women Everywhere!
Libiyi
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Millionaire in The Making? Ai Platform Transforms $900 Into $38,000 in 30 Days
Best Trader
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You (Take a Peek!)
Tardive
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Here Are 30+ Senior Discounts Senior if Only They Ask
The Consumer Guide
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Costco Workers Reveal 14 Things They'd Never Buy From the Store
learnitwise
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
Signals of Crohn`s Disease You Shouldn't Ignore but Most People Do! (See Here)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Woman stabbed to death in brawl between 20 women in NYC
Woman stabbed to death in brawl between 20 women in NYC
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Macomb County woman accused of killing her infant to get second mental exam
Macomb County woman accused of killing her infant to get second mental exam
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Warren man sentenced in fatal Madison Heights hit-and-run of pedestrian
Warren man sentenced in fatal Madison Heights hit-and-run of pedestrian
Macomb animal cruelty suspect exam pushed back again
Macomb animal cruelty suspect exam pushed back again
Oakland County judge’s consent order settles AG’s lawsuit against landscape/snow removal companies and owners
Oakland County judge’s consent order settles AG’s lawsuit against landscape/snow removal companies and owners
New developments in criminal cases against 3 teens connected to slaying of Oakland County deputy Brad Reckling 
New developments in criminal cases against 3 teens connected to slaying of Oakland County deputy Brad Reckling 
Pontiac man accused of attempted home break-ins, other crimes in Rochester Hills area
Pontiac man accused of attempted home break-ins, other crimes in Rochester Hills area
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN DETROIT TIGERS
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Tigers reach agreement with free-agent infielder Gleyber Torres
2024
September
14
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Sitemap
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Oakland Press
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailytribune.com/2024/09/14/gunnar-henderson-homers-as-the-baltimore-orioles-top-the-detroit-tigers-4-2/ 
 ----- 
