Tyrone Taylor, relievers power Brewers past Marlins
INTERNATIONAL SPORTS
 14 SEPTEMBER 2023
  HITS: 771
   

MILWAUKEE --Tyrone Taylor had a pair of RBI doubles and four relievers combined to allow just one hit over four innings to lift the host Milwaukee Brewers to a 4-2 win over the Miami Marlins on Thursday. Milwaukee (82-64) won three of the four games in the series. Taylor came through at the most opportune times, with his first run-scoring double leveling the game in the fifth inning before his second provided the Brewers with an insurance run in the seventh. Elvis Peguero, Abner Uribe, Joel Payamps and Devin Williams took care of the rest, keeping Miami (75-72) in check after Milwaukee starter Adrian Houser (6-4) allowed two runs on five hits in five innings. Williams worked a 1-2-3 ninth inning to pick up his 34th save of the season. Sal Frelick chipped in with an RBI single for the Brewers, who have won five of their last seven games. Jake Burger had two hits and Jacob Stallings added a run-scoring single for the Marlins, who are now one game in back of the Diamondbacks for the third and final National League wild-card spot. Arizona was scheduled to play the New York Mets later Thursday. Miami starter Eury Perez (5-5) gave up three runs on five hits in 4 2/3 innings. He struck out seven without issuing a walk. After Stallings put Miami ahead 2-1 in the top of the fifth, the Brewers struck for two runs in the home half of the frame. Taylor doubled home Andruw Monasterio before coming around to score on Frelick's single. Taylor was initially called out at home after a strong throw to the plate from right fielder Jesus Sanchez, but Milwaukee successfully challenged the call to grab the lead. Luis Arraez opened the game with a double, advanced to third on Burger's one-out single and scored on Sanchez's sacrifice fly. Rowdy Tellez had a sacrifice fly of his own in the fourth to draw the Brewers even at 1-1. Milwaukee now leads the Chicago Cubs by 4 1/2 games in the NL Central.

PREV
NEXT
SUPPLEMENTS
09 January 2025
In the Hot Seat with Debbie van de Kolk
09 January 2025
Tonight: Third Annual Crew Year’s Eve Fireworks Show
09 January 2025
Pop into Pineapple Pete for a Poke Bowl Luncheon
07 January 2025
Steps for a longer life
07 January 2025
Dry January made easy with Heineken 0.0
03 January 2025
The Unique Sounds of Caroline De Schryver
03 January 2025
The new year starts with the Quadrantids meteor shower at its peak: Looking up at the Night Sky
02 January 2025
Serve up some Sangria! 
BACK TO TOP

Copyright © 2020 All copyrights on articles and/or content of The Caribbean Herald N.V. dba The Daily Herald are reserved.


Without permission of The Daily Herald no copyrighted content may be used by anyone.

Delivery Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Hosted by
© 2025 The Daily Herald. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thedailyherald.sx/sport/international-sports/tyrone-taylor-relievers-power-brewers-past-marlins 
 ----- 
