YOU ARE HERE Home » Milwaukee Brewers: Tyrone Taylor Scores On A Sensational Slide At Home Plate (VIDEO)
BREWERS
Milwaukee Brewers: Tyrone Taylor Scores On A Sensational Slide At Home Plate (VIDEO)
By Tyler Koerth_September 14, 2023No Comments3 Mins Read
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Sep 14, 2023; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Tyrone Taylor (15) scores past Miami Marlins catcher Jacob Stallings (58) in the fifth inning at American Family Field. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-USA TODAY Sports
SHARE

Milwaukee Brewers outfielder Tyrone Taylor had perhaps the slide of the year during a game against the Miami Marlins.  This play occurred during the fifth inning when he was attempting to score on a single hit by teammate Sal Frelick.  The baseball clearly beat him to the spot, but an excellent slide to the inside part of home plate resulted in the catcher missing him and the Brewers taking the lead.

Sep 14, 2023; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Tyrone Taylor (15) scores past Miami Marlins catcher Jacob Stallings (58) in the fifth inning at American Family Field. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-USA TODAY Sports
Tyrone Taylor scored after a sensational slide at home plate that gave the Milwaukee Brewers the lead over the Miami Marlins.

 

Entering the fifth inning of Thursday afternoons game the Brewers trailed the Marlins by a score of 1-2.  Tyrone Taylor hit a RBI to tie it, he had the sensational slide at home plate to give Milwaukee the lead, and he then added another insurance run by hitting a RBI double in the seventh inning.  From there his bullpen held on to secure a 4-2 victory and a series win.

Sep 14, 2023; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Tyrone Taylor (15) is dunked by shortstop Willy Adames (27) after the Brewers beat the Miami Marlins at American Family Field. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-USA TODAY Sports

After the game Tyrone Taylor said (about the slide), “I think it’s all instinctual, it’s nothing I really think of.  Just trying to avoid it.”  In reference to having to slide to the inside part of home plate he said, “It was awkward for me, so that one was different for me.  Might be the first time I’ve done that.  Glad it worked out.”

This is not the first time that Tyrone Taylor has secured the Brewers via his excellent sliding ability.  His speed, knowledge, and ability to read where to slide in a split second is definitely an underrated aspect of his game and today his highlight play brought those abilities into the light.

Sep 14, 2023; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Tyrone Taylor (15) reacts after hitting a double to drive in a run as Miami Marlins second baseman Xavier Edwards (63) looks on at American Family Field. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-USA TODAY Sports

Follow me on Twitter @tylerkoerth.  Follow us @WiSportsHeroics for more great sports content. To read more of our articles and keep up to date on the latest in Wisconsin sports, click here!.   We cover the Milwaukee Brewers, Green Bay Packers, Milwaukee Bucks, Wisconsin Badgers, and Wisconsin High School Sports.  Additionally we provide the latest news coverage on the NFL, MLB, and NBA.

tyrone taylor
SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Tyler Koerth_
X (Twitter)

Tyler Koerth is the Lead Milwaukee Brewers Sports Writer at Wisconsin Sports Heroics. Articles have been published on Bleacher Report, Iheart, MSN, Yardbarker, and more. He has been covering the Brewers since 2019.

RELATED POSTS
Milwaukee Brewers Ridiculously Urged to Sign 2x All-Star as Possible Depth Piece
January 11, 2025
Former Milwaukee Brewers 2nd Round Pick Signs with the Washington Nationals
January 11, 2025
Former Milwaukee Brewers 1x All-Star Signs In The AL Central
January 11, 2025
Milwaukee Brewers Fans React to Colin Rea Signing with NL Central Nemesis
January 10, 2025
ADD A COMMENT
Facebook
X (Twitter)
RSS
CONTACT US
ADVERTISEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2025 WISportsHeroics All Rights Reserved.
Privacy & Transparency

wisportsheroics.com and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 933 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.

Manage Settings
Continue with Recommended Cookies

Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wisportsheroics.com/milwaukee-brewers-tyrone-taylor-slide-home-plate-miami-marlins-news/ 
 ----- 
