Monday, January 13, 2025, 5:28AM |   34°
Obituaries
PGe
PG Store
Archives
Classifieds 
  
MENU
 
SUBSCRIBE
LOGIN
REGISTER
 
  NEWSLETTERS
ADVERTISEMENT
3
MORE
Paul Skenes sets Pirates’ rookie record for strikeouts, guides club to win against Marlins
 
ANDREW DESTIN
Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
adestin@post-gazette.com
 SEP 10, 2024 1:23 AM
41

It took all of two batters for Paul Skenes to set a new franchise record for strikeouts by a Pirates rookie since 1900.

It took six sublime innings, though, for Skenes to finally be rewarded with a standing ovation on Monday night at PNC Park. After recording his 18th and final out in a 3-2 victory against the Marlins, the rookie phenom waltzed back to the Pirates’ dugout with a paid crowd of 10,311 providing plenty votes of approval — a development that’s become quite common 20 starts into his MLB career.

"It's pretty dang cool every time,” Skenes said. “Just keep showing up for the games and the goal is to keep giving them moments like that."

Skenes’ scintillating rookie season has featured all sorts of them already, whether it be his MLB debut or twice exiting contests with intact no-hitters. The 6-foot-6 right-hander came into the contest with a 2.13 ERA, and needed just one more strikeout to best Cy Blanton’s franchise record by a rookie that was set in 1935.

 
Noah Hiles
Ben Cherington expects Derek Shelton to return as Pirates manager in 2025

After allowing an infield single to commence the contest, Skenes responded by pumping three straight fastballs past Miami’s Connor Norby for the record-setting strikeout. The final heater was clocked at 100.1 mph, one of six pitches on the evening by Skenes to top triple digits.

But, as has frequently been the case during the 22-year-old’s spectacular season, he provided more than just eye-popping numbers on the radar gun. While five of his nine strikeouts came on fastballs, Skenes produced two more with his changeup. His splinker induced a timely swing-and-miss, too, as did Skenes’ scintillating slider.

Skenes is pleased with how his entire arsenal continues to fare deep in the season.

“Last [start] just worked too hard and made it tougher on myself than it should have been,” Skenes said. “Happy with the execution today, happy with my stuff. The sequences I was really happy with today.”

The Marlins did manage a run against the former No. 1 overall pick, though, thanks to Jesus Sanchez leading off the fourth with a double and coming around on a two-out single. That’s as much as the visitors could muster, though, as the Pirates improved their perfect record against the Marlins this season to 5-0.

Skenes didn’t do it on his own, since the Pirates built a sizable enough lead by pushing across three runs in the first two innings. Yet whenever he toed the rubber, Skenes was in command.

Including his minor-league workload, Skenes has now thrown 147 ⅓ innings this season, and is confident he has more than the 20 starts he’s made left in him. With a few more appearances, Skenes could further validate his argument for what figures to be a tight race for Rookie of the Year in the National League.

 
Noah Hiles
Pirates minor league report: High-A Greensboro begins postseason

"I'm obviously going to finish the season,” Skenes said. “This is what we worked in the offseason for, in spring training, at the beginning of the season. This is what we worked for. So, now it's time to go out there and do it."

At the very least, though, Skenes has already accomplished what no other Pirates rookie ever has before thanks to his prowess for the punchout.

“I can't think of anybody I've seen that's been that strikeout-heavy, especially early in their career,” said manager Derek Shelton of Skenes. “I've watched guys that have done it that have been elite pitchers throughout their careers, but I don't know that I remember anybody being a rookie that has been like that.”

On the mound

After Skenes departed, Shelton turned to Colin Holderman. The right-hander tossed a scoreless seventh, meaning he has yet to give up an earned run since being activated from the injured list.

Dennis Santana continued his string of brilliance in the following frame by striking out a pair. The only ball put in play was a relatively feeble groundout to shortstop. Santana has not given up a run since August 6.

Aroldis Chapman yielded a run in the ninth, but the veteran left-hander ultimately locked down his seventh save of the season.

At the plate

Oneil Cruz gave the Pirates a lead they would not relinquish when he cranked a no-doubt home run to straight-away center in the bottom of the first. The solo shot marked Cruz’s first home run since Aug. 9, and second since July 28.

Shelton was pleased with his observation that Cruz — who hit .389 in August – didn’t swing for the fences during his dry spell.

“The most important part of it is he didn't go hunting,” Shelton said. “He stayed within his swing, he stayed within his approach 'cause he's going to hit them. I mean, the one he hit today was two strikes, he shortened up and almost hit the batter's eye.”

Then in the ensuing frame, Bryan Reynolds added two tallies to his team-best RBI total with two away in the second. Reynolds turned on a cutter over the heart of the plate to sneak a single through the right side of the infield and score Alika Williams and Nick Gonzales, the former of whom reached on an error and the latter doubled to continue a needed rally.

They said it

"I'm old fashioned. Wins matters. Wins and losses matter, I think,” Skenes said about recording his 10th win of the season. “That's kind of watered down now, but it definitely means a lot."

Up next

Tuesday: Marlins at Pirates, 6:40 p.m., PNC Park

TV, radio: SportsNet Pittsburgh, KDKA-FM (93.7)

Probable pitchers: RHP Carmen Mlodzinski (2-5, 3.73) for Pirates; RHP Adam Oller (1-2, 4.15) for Marlins

Key matchup: Oller has never faced the Pirates before, and has compiled a 2.65 ERA in his last three MLB appearances.

Hidden stat: Billy Cook became the first Pirates first baseman with multiple hits in his MLB debut since Alex Hernandez on Sept. 1, 2000. He also became the third different player to start at first base for the Pirates this season.

Wednesday: Marlins at Pirates, 12:35 p.m., PNC Park

Probable pitchers: LHP Bailey Falter (7-7, 4.45) for Pirates; TBD for Marlins

First Published: September 10, 2024, 1:23 a.m.
Updated: September 10, 2024, 11:33 a.m.

Andrew Destin has covered the Pirates for the Post-Gazette since 2023. He has also covered the Penguins and Penn State football as a beat reporter.
  adestin@post-gazette.com
  @AndrewDestin1
 RELATED
 
Andrew Destin
David Bednar named Pirates’ Roberto Clemente Award nominee for 3rd straight year
Join the Conversation
Commenting policy | How to Report Abuse
If you would like your comment to be considered for a published letter to the editor, please send it to letters@post-gazette.com. Letters must be under 250 words and may be edited for length and clarity.
MUST READ
A&E
Melessie Clark named Post-Gazette Performer of the Year
LOCAL
'We're not going anywhere': How the Latino community pulled Beechview back from the brink of crisis
NEWS
Obituary: Richard J. Garber | Co-creator of iconic poison prevention logo Mr. Yuk
 TRENDING
1
SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 8:59pm  Gerry Dulac
2
SPORTS
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:36am  Joe Starkey
3
SPORTS
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 10:00am  Jason Mackey
4
BUSINESS
U.S. Steel-Nippon deal given six-month reprieve
 Mon, Jan 13, 2025, 2:14am  Pittsburgh Post-Gazette
5
SPORTS
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
 Sun, Jan 12, 2025, 5:19am  Ray Fittipaldo
ASSOCIATED PRESS
ADVERTISEMENT
LATEST SPORTS
Gerry Dulac: Steelers don't plan to move on from Mike Tomlin despite another one-and-done postseason
Jason Mackey: After another collapse and one-and-done postseason, the Steelers must make actual changes in 2025
Joe Starkey: Besides finding a new coach, Steelers must find a franchise quarterback — by any means necessary
Nikita Kucherov and Lightning steal a win from the Penguins, more takeaways from their latest loss
Ray Fittipaldo's Steelers report card: F is for 'flat' in yet another uninspiring postseason effort
ADVERTISEMENT
Archives
Advertising
Email Newsletter
Products & Services
Contact Us
Subscribe
Subscriber Services
PGe
RSS Feeds
Corrections
Help
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
About Us
Copyright © 1997-2025 PG Publishing Co. All rights reserved
TOP
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates
NO THANKS ALLOW
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.post-gazette.com/sports/pirates/2024/09/09/pirates-paul-skenes-rookie-strikeout-record-oneil-cruz-home-run-marlins-win/stories/202409060103 
 ----- 
