Skip navigation
Search Query
Submit Search
All Sports
Rotoworld
PFT
Golf Channel
Watch
Podcasts
 
Peacock
Betting Home
Telemundo Deportes
Paris 2024 Olympics
GolfNow
GolfPass
SportsEngine
NBC Sports Press Box
Profile
Favorites
Menu
League
MLB
All Scores
FINAL
LAD
(4-1)
7
NYY
(1-4)
6
Odds by
Paul Skenes and the Pirates vs. Marlins Best bets: Odds, recent stats, and trends for September 9
By
NBC Sports Bet Staff
 
 
Published September 9, 2024 04:14 PM

It’s Monday, September 9th and tonight Paul Skenes and the Pittsburgh Pirates (67-76) host the Miami Marlins (54-89) in the 1st of a 3-game series at PNC Park in the Steel City.

The rookie Skenes takes the mound for the Bucs looking to further his case for the National League Rookie of the Year award. The Pirates knocked off the Nationals yesterday to salvage one game of their three this weekend against Washington.

Offense dominated the weekend as the Marlins took 2 of 3 from the Phillies. Philadelphia took the series opener 16-2 Friday night. Miami took the next 2 outscoring Philly 19-6 in the process.

We’ve got all the info and analysis you need to know ahead of the game, including the latest info on the how to catch first-pitch, projected pitching matchup, lineup cards, recent team performance, player stats, and of course, our predictions, picks & best bets for the game from our modeling tools and staff of experts.

Listen to the Rotoworld Baseball Show for the latest player news, waiver claims, roster advice and more from our experts all season long. Click here or download it wherever you get your podcasts.

David Wright is hoping Juan Soto helps Mets win World Series title that eluded him
Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during World Series banned from all MLB games
Better Health News
|
Sponsored
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamon ritual tonight
Former Baltimore Orioles left-hander Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Report: Orioles agree to 1-year, $10 million deal with reliever Andrew Kittredge
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
Game details & how to watch Marlins vs. Pirates - live today

● Date: Monday, September 9, 2024
● Time: 6:40PM EST
● Site: PNC Park
● City: Pittsburgh, PA
● TV/Streaming: BSFL, SNP

Never miss a second of the action and stay up-to-date with all the latest team stats and player news. Check out our day-by-day MLB schedule page, along with detailed matchup pages that update live in-game with every out.

Game odds for Marlins vs. Pirates

The latest odds as of Monday afternoon:

● Moneyline: Marlins +225, Pirates -275
● Spread: Marlins +1.5 (+105), Pirates -1.5 (-125)
● Over/Under: 7.5 runs

Bet the Edge is your source for all things sports betting. Get all of Jay Croucher and Drew Dinsick’s insight weekdays at 6AM ET right here or wherever you get your favorite podcasts.

Recent team stats for Marlins vs. Pirates

● Following yesterday’s win, Miami is 6-4 in their last 10 games. They are 26-42 on the road this season. Their overall run differential for the season is now a wow! at -192.

● The Pirates are 5-5 in their last 10 games. They are 34-38 at PNC Park. Their overall run differential for the season is -50.

● Who’s Hot? Pirates 2B Nick Gonzales is hitting .300 (9-30) in the month of September

● Who’s Not! Pirates OF Bryan Reynolds is hitting just 5-31 (.161) in the month of September

Probable starting pitchers for Miami vs. Pittsburgh

● Today’s pitching matchup (September 9): Valente Bellozo vs. Paul Skenes

○ Marlins: Bellozo (2-2, 3.78 ERA) has allowed 20 earned runs and 44 hits while striking out 33 over 47.2 innings
○ Pirates: Skenes (9-2, 2.13 ERA) has allowed 27 earned runs and 82 hits while striking out 142 over 114 innings

Rotoworld still has you covered with all the latest MLB player news for all 30 teams. Check out the feed page right here on NBC Sports for headlines, injuries and transactions where you can filter by league, team, positions and news type!

Top betting trends & insights to know ahead of Marlins vs. Pirates on September 9, 2024

● Neither side has faced either of these rookie starting pitchers

● The Pirates have won 5 straight against the Marlins and covered the Run Line in each of the 5

● Each of the last 4 games between these teams has gone OVER the Game Total

If you’re looking for more key trends and stats around the spread, moneyline and total for every single game on the schedule today, check out our MLB Top Trends tool on NBC Sports!

Expert picks & predictions for Monday’s Marlins vs. Pirates game

Please bet responsibly. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, call the National Gambling Helpline at 1-800-522-4700.

Our model calculates projections around each moneyline, spread and over/under bet for every game on the MLB calendar based on data points like past performance, player matchups, ballpark information and weather forecasts.

Once the model is finished running, we put its projection next to the latest betting lines for the game to arrive at a relative confidence level for each wager.

Here are the best bets our model is projecting for the Marlins vs. Pirates today:

- Moneyline: NBC Sports is recommending a play on the Pirates on the Moneyline

- Spread: NBC Sports is recommending a play on the Pirates on the Run Line

- Total Runs: NBC Sports is recommending a play on the Total OVER of 7.5 runs

Want even more MLB best bets and predictions from our expert staff & tools? Check out the Expert MLB Predictions page from NBC Sports for money line, spread and total picks for each of the games on today’s calendar!

Follow our experts on socials to keep up with all the latest content from the staff:

- Jay Croucher (@croucherJD)
- Drew Dinsick (@whale_capper)
- Vaughn Dalzell (@VmoneySports)
- Brad Thomas (@MrBradThomas)

MENTIONS
Paul Skenes
Pittsburgh Pirates
Miami Marlins
Valente Bellozo
MLB
RELATED STORIES
Justin Verlander and San Francisco Giants finalize $15 million, 1-year contract
Associated Press
Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during World Series banned from all MLB games
Associated Press
Guerrero agrees to $28.5M and Valdez to $18M; Tucker tops arbitration 17 requests at $17.5M
Associated Press
Report: Orioles agree to 1-year, $10 million deal with reliever Andrew Kittredge
Associated Press
Left-hander Caleb Ferguson agrees to one-year, $3 million deal with Pirates pending physical
Associated Press
Dodgers acquire pitcher Jose Vasquez from Twins for catcher Diego Cartaya
Associated Press
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Sout...
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Grab Workout Ready Drinkware
Crush your goals, not your gear.
YETI
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
Think all financial advis ors are the same?...
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosi...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Go The Extra Miles
Extend your journey with gear that can take on any terrain.
YETI
|
Sponsored
Shop Now
South Carolina Say Goodbye to High Auto Insurance Rates if You...
Financebuzz
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiduciar y Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosi...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Caroli...
Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (Yo...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV Is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Least Expensive Electric Car
PopularSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
View Deals
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Pric...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Cinnamon can normaliz e your blood sugar!...
Better Health News
|
Sponsored
2024 Family SUV is A True Head Turner (Yo...
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
The Giants chemistry is suffering because a guy they all hated is...
Angel Pagan was, apparently, a great unifier. Who knew?!
NBCSports
Justin Verlander and San Francisco Giants finalize $15 million, 1-year...
Justin Verlander and the San Francisco Giants finalized a $15 million, one-year contract on...
NBCSports
Stay in the Know
Subscribe to our Newsletter and Alerts
Subscribe
Sports
College Basketball
Cycling
College Football
Figure Skating
Golf
Horse Racing
MLB
Motor Sports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
Olympics
Soccer
Tennis
WNBA
Fantasy
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Stream & Podcast
Clips & Highlights
Sports Podcasts
Stream on Peacock
Watch Live
NBC Sports on YouTube
Apps
NBC Sports iOS
NBC Sports Android
Peacock TV iOS
Peacock TV Android
Local Coverage
NBC Sports Bay Area
NBC Sports Boston
NBC Sports Philadelphia
twitter
instagram
facebook
Ad Choices Advertise Careers Closed Captioning FAQ NBC Sports Store Press Box NEW Terms of Use (Updated June 28, 2023) Privacy Policy CA Notice  Your Privacy Choices

A Division of NBCUniversal.

DISCLAIMER: This site and the products offered are for entertainment purposes only, and there is no gambling offered on this site. This service is intended for adult audiences. No guarantees are made for any specific outcome. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, please call 1-800-GAMBLER.

Ⓒ 2024 NBC Universal

Close Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nbcsports.com/mlb/news/paul-skenes-and-the-pirates-vs-marlins-best-bets-odds-recent-stats-and-trends-for-september-9 
 ----- 
