Home
China
Biz
Culture & Lifestyle
World
Video & Live
GLOBALink
Xinhua Headlines
More
Editions
Hosts Uganda defeat Republic of Congo 2-0 in Africa Cup of Nations qualifier

Source: Xinhua

Editor: huaxia

2024-09-10 09:48:16

   

Kenneth Semakula (L) of Uganda vies with Merveille Ndockyt of the Republic of Congo during the CAF Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers Group K match between Uganda and the Republic of Congo at Nelson Mandela National Stadium in Kampala, Uganda, on Sept. 9, 2024. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)

KAMPALA, Sept. 9 (Xinhua) -- Uganda Cranes secured their first win in Group K of the CAF Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) 2025 qualifiers, defeating the Republic of Congo 2-0 on Monday at the Nelson Mandela Stadium in Namboole, Kampala.

The Republic of Congo started the game strongly, making several attacking moves toward Uganda's goal, but it was Czech Republic-based player Abdu Aziz Kayondo who opened the scoring for the hosts after 21 minutes. He delivered a perfect curling shot from outside the box, beating goalkeeper Pavelh Ndzila.

In the second half, the Republic of Congo intensified their attacks, with skipper Silvere Ganvoula Mboussy and Mons Rogeani Andre Bassouamina dominating play. However, Uganda's defense stood firm, repelling the opposition's efforts.

Jude Ssemugabi extended Uganda's lead in the 85th minute with a simple tap-in after receiving a well-placed pass from substitute Allan Okello.

The victory propels Uganda to the top of Group K with four points, following their 2-2 draw against South Africa in their opening match last Saturday. South Sudan, who lost 1-0 to the Republic of Congo in their first game, will host South Africa on Tuesday in Juba.

Paul Put, the Uganda Cranes coach, praised his team's efforts and the fans' support. "I thank the players for the job well done and the fans for coming in large numbers to cheer the team," said Put.

Republic of Congo coach Isaac Ngata acknowledged his team's shortcomings. "We did not defend well and gave the opponents some space to score," Ngata told Xinhua.

Uganda last participated in the Africa Cup of Nations in 2019, held in Egypt. ■

Antoine Makoubou (L) of the Republic of Congo competes during the CAF Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers Group K match between Uganda and the Republic of Congo at Nelson Mandela National Stadium in Kampala, Uganda, on Sept. 9, 2024. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)

Starters of the Republic of Congo line up before the CAF Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers Group K match between Uganda and the Republic of Congo at Nelson Mandela National Stadium in Kampala, Uganda, on Sept. 9, 2024. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)

Starters of Uganda line up before the CAF Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers Group K match between Uganda and the Republic of Congo at Nelson Mandela National Stadium in Kampala, Uganda, on Sept. 9, 2024. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)

Fans cheer for team Uganda during the CAF Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers Group K match between Uganda and the Republic of Congo at Nelson Mandela National Stadium in Kampala, Uganda, on Sept. 9, 2024. (Photo by Hajarah Nalwadda/Xinhua)

 

News
China
Biz
Culture&Lifestyle
World
Sports
In-depth
Regions
Asia&Pacific
Europe
Middle East
Africa
North America
South America
Organizations
Services
Investment
Doing Business
Work in China
Study in China
Visit China
Live in China
Emergency
Weather
More
Special Reports
Video&Live
Photos
Corrections
About us
Contact us
Media
People's Daily
China.org.cn
english.cctv.com
China Daily
CRI.cn
Youth.cn
CE.cn
Taiwan.cn
GMW.cn
Ecns.cn
Qiushi Journal
Copyright©2000-2024XINHUANET.com All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://english.news.cn/20240910/bed8a10bbae64725975269ea8fbd38bb/c.html 
 ----- 
