Skip to content

The Observer

Menu
POSTED IN
SPORTS
South Africa holds Uganda to 2-2 draw in AFCON qualifiers
by URN
September 7, 2024
FacebookX

Bafana Bafana dominated the first half, going into the break with a 1-0 lead, only for Uganda to stage a stunning second-half turnaround with two long-range strikes. However, the hosts rallied in the last moments to snatch a point in extra time.

South Africa controlled the early exchanges, with Oswin Appollis testing Uganda’s goalkeeper Ismail Watenga twice in the opening minutes. The breakthrough came in the 13th minute when Khuliso Mudau threaded a superb through-ball to Lyle Foster, who chipped Watenga to give Bafana the lead.

Bafana nearly doubled their advantage through a flowing move that saw Appollis set up Elias Mokwana in the box, but Watenga produced another crucial save to deny the winger. Foster had another opportunity to extend the lead, but Watenga’s acrobatic dive thwarted the Burnley forward’s effort.

Despite South Africa’s dominance, Uganda found a way back into the match early in the second half. The Cranes stunned the hosts with two spectacular goals in quick succession. First, Denis Omedi capitalized on a loose ball, launching a thunderous 30-yard strike that flew past South African goalkeeper Veli Mothwa into the top corner.

Just three minutes later, Rogers Mato spotted Mothwa off his line and unleashed an audacious shot from just beyond the halfway line. Mothwa misjudged the trajectory, and the powerful effort slipped through his hands, putting Uganda ahead 2-1.

The hosts threw everything forward in search of an equalizer, with Siyabonga Ngezana coming close with a header from a corner and Teboho Mokoena narrowly missing the target with a curling free kick. South Africa’s persistence paid off deep into extra time when debutant Thalente Mbatha pounced on a rebounded shot, firing home off the inside of the post to salvage a 2-2 draw in the 95th minute.

The result leaves Uganda and South Africa tied in second place in Group K, which is currently led by Congo after their victory over South Sudan. Uganda will host Congo in their next qualifier on September 9, 2024, at Namboole Stadium.  

Uganda Cranes are making a third straight attempt to qualify for the continental showpiece where they last participated in 2019, back in Egypt under French coach Sebastien Desabre. The top two teams from each group will qualify for the final tournament, set to take place in Morocco from December 21, 2025, to January 18, 2026.

⏪ Rewind

Omedi ⚽
Mato ⚽#RSAUGA | #AFCONQ2025 pic.twitter.com/OIGBjq92v7

— Uganda Cranes (@UgandaCranes) September 7, 2024

inarticle} inarticle}

LATEST STORIES
NEWS
Namisindwa finance officer Kitongo remanded over PDM corruption, extortion 
December 28, 2024
NEWS
Farmers deploy music, shower rooms for cows to increase milk production
December 27, 2024
NEWS
Museveni appoints Hajjat Sharifah Buzeki as new KCCA boss 
December 27, 2024
NEWS
MUBS lecturer dies in car accident in Mayuge
December 26, 2024
EDUCATION
Bishop Kisekka unveils ambitious education plan for Luwero Diocese
December 26, 2024
NEWS
Court orders Yalelo to pay former worker Shs 176m for unfair dismissal
December 26, 2024
Stay
informed.

Sign up and get daily updates right to your inbox.

[Newsletter Placeholder]

© 2024 Observer Media Ltd.
Powered by Newspack
Facebook Page
Twitter
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://observer.ug/sports/south-africa-holds-uganda-to-2-2-draw-in-afcon-qualifiers/ 
 ----- 
