Skip to content

Kawowo Sports

East Africa's hub for Sports content

Support Us
Menu
POSTED IN
FOOTBALL
Preview: Cranes target first Afcon 2025 qualifiers victory against Congo
by ISMAEL KIYONGA
SEPTEMBER 8, 2024
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Uganda Cranes starting XI against South Africa Credit: FUFA

Monday September 9, 2024

Mandela National stadium, Namboole 7pm

After narrowly missing out on victory over South Africa in the opening match of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers, Uganda will look to pick their first victory when they host Congo at Namboole.

Quickfire goals from Denis Omedi and Rogers Mato put the Cranes in a 2-1 lead over Bafana Bafana on Friday but Thalente Mbatha scored a leveller to ensure share of spoils.

For Congo, they won 1-0 versus South Sudan in their own back yard and thus aim to pick two wins from as matches in the campaign when they take to the pitch.

“The point away to South Africa will count for nothing if we don’t beat Congo at home,” said Paul Put, the Cranes coach who previously handled the Red Devils.

“We shall do all it takes to win at home and the lads are aware of that,” he added.

Team News

Muhammad Shaban missed the draw with South Africa due to injury in training and remains doubtful for the game.

Halid Lwaliwa and Kenneth Ssemakula are all available after missing the Friday clash due to visa issues.

It remains unknown whether Bobosi Byaruhanga is in camp after he was a no show in Pretoria with no official communication by the FA.

Congo’s Morgan Poaty came off with an injury scare 10 minutes into the second half against South Sudan, and the 27-year-old is a doubt for his side’s trip to Kampala.
 
Should Poaty be deemed unfit to participate, Brunallergene Junior Etou is the favourite to come into the XI for what would be only a second international appearance.

Key Stats:

Uganda has one win in the last five matches – the 1-0 win over Botswana.
Congo has not won successive matches since 2018 and has just two wins in the last six matches – both versus South Sudan.

Probable XIs

Uganda: Watenga (GK), Mugabi, Kayondo, Capradossi, Lwaliwa, Aucho ©, Ssekiganda, Okello, Omedi, Mato, Mukwala

Congo: Ndzila; Etou, Bidounga, Passi, Andzouana; Dembi, Massanga; Bassouamina, Ndockyt, Mboungou; Ganvoula

ISMAEL KIYONGA
ismael@kawowo.com

Senior Staff writer at Kawowo Sports mainly covering football More by Ismael Kiyonga

Leave a comment
Uganda Football 2024: A year to remember for SC Villa, Kitara, Uganda Cranes
Brian Ssenyondo: Uganda U-17 head coach now focuses to achieve FIFA World Cup dream
Uganda Cubs triumph in 2025 Afcon U-17 qualifiers (Cecafa zone)
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
YouTube
ABOUT US

© 2021 Kawowo Sports. All Rights reserved. Kawowo Sports Media is a division of OWINO SOLUTIONS. Content may not be reproduced or published in any form without authorisation.

advertising@owinosolutions.com

SUPPORT US

With the support of readers like you, we provide thoughtfully researched articles for a more informed and connected community. This is your chance to support credible, community-based, public-service journalism. Please join us!

Learn More

© 2024 EAST AFRICA'S HUB FOR SPORTS CONTENT
POWERED BY NEWSPACK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kawowo.com/2024/09/08/preview-cranes-target-first-afcon-2025-qualifiers-victory-against-congo/ 
 ----- 
