Skip to main content
Mavs Moneyball homepage
a Dallas Mavericks community
Follow Mavs Moneyball online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Mavs Moneyball main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

MAVERICKS GAME COVERAGE
Player Grades: Dallas pulls out a massive win out against Oklahoma City

Many, many passing grades to hand out following this one

By Tyleredsel  Nov 17, 2024, 10:00pm CST  5 Comments / 5 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

Coming off of a big 110-93 win against the San Antonio Spurs, the Dallas Mavericks traveled to Oklahoma City for a matchup against the Thunder. OKC had a rest advantage, as Dallas was on the second night of a back to back. Both teams were dealing with injuries: OKC missing their entire center rotation and Alex Caruso, while Dallas was without Luka Doncic for the first time this year. The Mavericks played from ahead for most of this high paced affair, with Dallas holding the lead after each of the first three quarters. In the end, it was just enough to come out on top with a massive 121-119 win. Lets grade what we saw.

PJ Washington: A+
27 points (7/13 FG) 17 rebounds, 2 assists, 2 blocks

Our resident Thunder whisperer had himself yet another fantastic game against OKC, rekindling some of the magic he had in May’s 2nd round playoff series. He took full advantage of this small OKC lineup. He was excellent on all levels of offense, hitting outside shots which opened up his drives for kicks and finishes. PJ was dominant on the post, which just adds yet another level to what he does. You can tell what he adds on the defensive end as well, doing well to stay in front of a very fast OKC team. No notes, A+.

Kyrie Irving: A
23 points (9/18 FG), 6 assists, 1 rebound

Kyrie was passive early on, as PJ Washington had it going, but in the second half Irving was able to deliver the goods for Dallas with some excellent shotmaking down the stretch. For all that Dallas was lacking with no Doncic in this one, Irving delivered with the ballhandling and playmaking that Dallas desperately needed. Given his struggles with this team in the playoffs, his 23 points were massive.

Dereck Lively & Daniel Gafford: A-
Combined 17 points (7/14 FG), 17 rebounds, 3 assists, 3 blocks

I thought both bigs played really well against this small lineup that OKC is forced to go with. Daniel Gafford contributed his 7th straight double digit scoring effort, which is a career best. His double-double off the bench was impactful, just like it was against the Spurs. Lively didn’t quit put up the statistical output that Gafford did, but his ability to be a hub in the post for assists and offensive creation was equally valuable. The big man tandem might be back!

Quentin Grimes: B
10 points (2/5 FG), 3 rebounds, 2 assists

Grimes didn’t shoot the ball particularly well here, but he’s just the type of player who needs to play for his impact to be felt. He hit two big 3-pointers off of offensive rebounds, which are some of the most back breaking shots in the game. His drives were good, too, producing four free throw attempts. Overall, this game wasn’t anything special, but he was a useful cog in an important team victory.

Klay Thompson: D
5 points (1/11 FG), 3 rebounds, 2 steals, 1 block

Klay found himself struggling from the field once again, connecting on his first jumper of the game but missing his next 10, including some excellent looks throughout the remainder of the game. However, with a guy who has a history as robust as his, I want Klay shooting all the open looks that he can possibly get. He’s historically at his worst early in the year, so hopefully he works his way into form as we go.

Naji Marshall: B+
13 points (4/6 FG), 4 rebounds, 3 assists

I continue to be thoroughly impressed with Naji’s playmaking abilities. His shot hasn’t been falling to start the year, but his off the dribble game has been so strong to make up for it. The knife was also quite good defensively tonight. He gets dinged for some late game dribbling which got very sketchy! However, once the shots start going, he’s going to be a real problem for teams. Even at this current state, Marshall has been everything we could have hoped for.

Jaden Hardy: A
13 points (6/9 FG), 3 rebounds, 1 assists, 1 steal

This was the best game that Jaden Hardy has played this year, and he saved it for a great time with Dallas being short handed. His 13 points were efficient, shooting 66% from the floor on 9 attempts. His drives were strong, where he was able to finish three layups and force the hand of the defense. His 24 minutes were impactful.

Spencer Dinwiddie: B
10 points (3/7 FG), 3 rebounds, 1 assist, 1 steal

I have been critical of Dinwiddie to start the year, but this was one of his better performances of the season. His 3-point makes were critical, including one that forced a timeout by OKC. I still was dumbfounded by some of the aimless drives he had, but if he can contain himself there, he might sneak his way back into the rotation.

You can listen to our latest podcast episode in the player embedded below, and to make sure you don’t miss a single one moving forward, subscribe to the Pod Maverick podcast feed on Apple, Spotify, Pandora, Pocketcasts, YouTube, YouTube Podcasts, Amazon Music, Castbox.

You can check out our After Dark Recap podcasts, YouTube Live recordings, and guest shows on the Pod Maverick Podcast feed. Please subscribe, rate, and review.

MORE FROM MAVS MONEYBALL
Dallas’ win over Lakers showed they still have a lot of fight left
Ranking the Mavericks’ next 19 games based on how winnable they are
3 considerations before the Dallas Mavericks play the Portland Trailblazers
Mavs YouTube RoundUp: Lakers Get Spanked Edition
Player Grades: Breaking down a 118-97 thrashing of the Los Angeles Lakers
Stats Rundown: Four stats from Dallas’ housing of the Los Angeles Lakers, 118-97
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mavsmoneyball.com/dallas-mavericks-game-coverage/2024/11/17/24299216/player-grades-dallas-beats-oklahoma-city-121-119 
 ----- 
