Skip to content
Subscribe Now
54°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Newsom says budget is balanced, will still tap $7 billion in reserves
SPORTSMLBOAKLAND ATHLETICSNews
Behind McCann’s two-run blast, A’s continue playing spoiler to contending Astros
Brent Rooker becomes first A’s player with at least 100 RBIs in single season since Matt Olson
Oakland Athletics’ Jacob Wilson (5) and Kyle McCann, center, celebrate next to Houston Astros catcher Yainer Diaz, right, after they both scored on the two-run home run by McCann during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 11, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Michael Wyke)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: September 12, 2024 at 4:22 AM PDT

HOUSTON — Kyle McCann hit a two-run homer, Brent Rooker had two hits and two RBIs and the Oakland Athletics beat the Houston Astros 5-4 on Wednesday night.

The Astros have lost three straight games and their lead in the AL West has narrowed to four games over Seattle with 17 to play.

Houston also lost All-Star second baseman Jose Altuve, who exited after the fifth inning with right side discomfort. He called manager Joe Espada and the trainer out after a swing on strike two of his at bat in the fifth. He completed the at bat, striking out on a bunt attempt, but did not take the field in the sixth.

McCann hit a two-run homer off Hunter Brown (11-8), and Rooker hit an RBI single off Caleb Ferguson as the A’s plated three to take a 5-3 lead in the sixth. Rooker also had an RBI single as part of two-run third that tied the game at 2-2.

The Astros took a 2-0 lead in the second on a sacrifice fly by Jake Meyers and an RBI single by Mauricio Dubón. Yordan Alvarez scored on a Max Schuemann error in the third to give the Astros a 3-2 lead.

Kyle Tucker hit an RBI single in the eighth to cut the deficit to one, but Tyler Ferguson got Ben Gamel to fly out to end the inning.

RELATED ARTICLES
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
Family of MLB pitcher Tyler Skaggs, Angels battle over cell phones as wrongful death trial looms
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report
Athletics agree to $60 million, 5-year contract with slugger Brent Rooker, per source
SF Giants’ all-2000s team: From Bonds to Lincecum, who cracks the roster?

Oakland’s Joey Estes (7-7) surrendered three runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings. Mason Miller pitched the ninth for his 24th save.

Lawrence Butler extended his hitting streak to 19 games with a single in the fifth.

Brown yielded five runs on nine hits with seven strikeouts in five innings.

TRAINER’S ROOM
Athletics: RHP Ross Stripling was placed on the 15-day injured list retroactive to Monday with a lower back strain. LHP Kyle Muller was selected from Triple-A Las Vegas to take Stripling’s place on the roster. LHP Jack O’Loughlin was designated for assignment to make room on the 40-man roster.

UP NEXT
Astros LHP Framber Valdez (14-6, 2.97 ERA) starts opposite Athletics RHP Mitch Spence (7-9, 4.42 ERA) in the series finale Thursday.

Athletics HQ: Rooting for the A's? Sign up for our Athletics HQ newsletter.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Mercury News.

Originally Published: September 11, 2024 at 6:57 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Macy’s, Kohl’s prep Bay Area store closures as retail chains struggle
What the Los Angeles fires might mean for the Bay Area home insurance market
Three earthquakes in four hours hit off San Francisco coast
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
Ben Affleck finds home survived Palisades fire while Billy Crystal and John Goodman mourn their losses
Henry Winkler riles up conspiracists with L.A. fire theory
Sex tape, secrets, and snitches: In failed attempt to dismiss police brutality case, ex-Antioch cop airs department’s dirty laundry
Trump gets no-penalty sentence in his hush money case, while calling it ‘despicable’
Will smoke from the Los Angeles fires head to the Bay Area?
A love story transplanted this pizzeria from Lake Como to Redwood City
Silicon Valley Congressman Khanna torches Democrats for alleged bumbling that will ‘hurt the young folks’

TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN OAKLAND ATHLETICS
Athletics president Dave Kaval won’t follow the team to Sacramento from Oakland
Rickey being Rickey: Memorable moments from Henderson’s larger-than-life career
Oakland A’s teammates, sports luminaries mourn Rickey Henderson
From the archives: How Oakland A’s legend Rickey Henderson was molded by ‘Billy Ball’
2024
September
11
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/11/behind-mccanns-two-run-blast-as-continue-playing-spoiler-to-contending-astros/ 
 ----- 
