Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
4 months ago
SportCricket
Netherlands vs United States LIVE: Cricket score and updates from Twenty20 Tri-Series in Netherlands August 2024
Follow all the action from Sportpark Maarschalkerweerd
Luke Baker
Saturday 24 August 2024 10:00 EDT
0
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
A general view of a cricket ball (Getty Images)

Follow live coverage of Netherlands vs United States from the Twenty20 Tri-Series in Netherlands August 2024 today.

The ICC Test Championship sees nine teams compete across a two-year cycle of matches before a two-team final decides the winner. The inaugural competition was won by New Zealand after a thrilling victory over India in June 2021.

The 50-over World Cup is far older and has been competed for since back in 1975. Australia are the record winners having run out victorious on five occasions (1987, 1999, 2003, 2007 and 2015). England took the 2019 crown after a dramatic Ben Stokes-inspired super-over win over New Zealand at Lord's.

The shortest form of the game sees teams compete in Twenty20. The newest format has been an instant global hit with a number of hugely-lucrative competitions massively popular all over the world. Australia are reigning world champions having taken victory in the 2021 tournament.

Follow all the latest live coverage of today's match in the live blog below:

4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

Netherlands win by 102 runs

25 August 2024 18:02
Promoted stories
District Of Columbia : Enhance gym protection and automate access systems for increased security.
AUTOMATE ACCESS SYSTEM | SEARCH ADS
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

15.4

OUT! Bowled. Zach Lion-Cachet to Nosthusha Kenjige. Off break length ball, outside off stump on the front foot reverse sweeping, missed.

25 August 2024 18:02
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

15.3

Zach Lion-Cachet to Juanoy Drysdale. Off break length ball, outside off stump on the back foot driving, to long off for 1 run, fielded by O'Dowd.

25 August 2024 18:01
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

15.2

Zach Lion-Cachet to Juanoy Drysdale. Off break half volley, outside off stump on the front foot driving, to short extra cover for no runs, fielded by Klein.

25 August 2024 18:01
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

15.1

Zach Lion-Cachet to Nosthusha Kenjige. Off break half volley, outside off stump on the front foot driving, to long off for 1 run, fielded by O'Dowd.

25 August 2024 18:00
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

14.6

OUT! Caught. Vikram Singh to Shayan Jahangir. Back of a length, outside off stump moves in front pulling, mis-timed in the air uncontrolled to deep mid wicket, caught by Lion-Cachet.

25 August 2024 17:59
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

14.5

Vikram Singh to Nosthusha Kenjige. Length ball, outside off stump on the front foot driving, to mid off for 1 run, fielded by O'Dowd.

25 August 2024 17:58
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

14.4

OUT! Caught. Vikram Singh to Yasir Mohammed. Off cutter length ball, off stump on the front foot Slog, mis-timed in the air uncontrolled to deep backward square leg, caught by Klein. Change of pace does the trick.

25 August 2024 17:57
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

14.3

Vikram Singh to Yasir Mohammed. Off cutter length ball, down leg side on the front foot flick, to fine leg for 2 runs, fielded by Klein.

25 August 2024 17:56
Promoted stories
How to Fit Cowboy Boots & Western Boots
ARIAT
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
4 months ago
Netherlands vs United States

14.2

Vikram Singh to Yasir Mohammed. Off cutter length ball, to leg on the front foot Slog, missed for no runs, fielded by Edwards.

25 August 2024 17:55
Newer
1
 / 22
Older
More aboutTwenty20Netherlands Cricket
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

0
Comments
Promoted stories
Earn Credit and Get Ahead This Summer at Georgetown
Browse Georgetown's more than 250 summer courses, all taught by world-renowned faculty.
GEORGETOWN UNIVERSITY|Sponsored
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depressi on?
GOODRX|Sponsored
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Money Fast
BANKRATE|Sponsored
Discover Hot Clips [Watch Now]
Explore trending videos and browse a variety of videos for your interests. Comedy, shorts, entertainment, news, sports, music, and plenty more!
VIDEOSARENA|Sponsored
Watch Now
Folks In Washington Are Ditching Knee-Pain Using This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF|Sponsored
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly by Searching Addr...
INSTANT HOME VALUE LOOKUP|Sponsored
Game shows what the world without US military interven...
This strategy games makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
HISTORY STRATEGY GAME|Sponsored
Play Now
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
NEWS
A man disappeared at a festival. Six years later, human remains have...
CULTURE
The Osmonds pay tribute as singing brother dies, aged 73
Discover Clearer Skin With Top Psoriasis Treatments
BUDGETSMART|Sponsored
Everest: Joy, pain and an uncomfortable truth at the heart of a climber’s story
It’s an extreme adventure playground that is there for the conquering – but increasingly, there are distressing stories of overcrowding at the summit, pollution across the ranges and locals who disappear...
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
Caraway 50% Off Best Cookware | Claim Discount
CARAWAY|Sponsored
Shop Now
Cinnamon recipe to lower blood sugar overnight (try it today)
BETTER HEALTH NEWS|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Man and woman found dead at prop erty in seaside town
NEWS
Elon Musk calls on King to dissolve Parliament over grooming gangs
7 Benefits Of VoIP Phone Systems For Small Businesses
Enhance Communication Efficiency with VoIP Systems
ANSWERWIZARDY|Sponsored
Learn More
TRAVEL
Swiss flight attendant dies a week after emergency landing
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/cricket/netherlands-united-states-live-stream-score-updates-b2601320.html 
 ----- 
