We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE

Wisden

Search
SEARCH
Looking for...
Ben Stokes
Virat Kohli
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
Joe Root
IPL Auction
Perth Test
Rohit Sharma
Kane Williamson
GLOBAL

Change Edition

UK
Asia
India
Global
HOME
NEWS
SCORES
LIVE SCORES
FIXTURES
RESULTS
INTERNATIONAL
AUSTRALIA VS INDIA (M)
SOUTH AFRICA VS PAKISTAN (M)
INDIA VS WEST INDIES (W)
ZIMBABWE VS AFGHANISTAN (M)
NEW ZEALAND VS SRI LANKA (M)
CHAMPIONS TROPHY
WOMEN'S ASHES
FEATURES
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
QUIZZES
DAILY QUIZ
QUIZ ARCHIVE
ABOUT WISDEN
WISDEN PODCASTS
WISDEN CRICKETERS' ALMANACK
THE WISDEN STORY
WISDEN CRICKET MONTHLY
CONTACT US
RECORDS
CRICKETBET

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Youtube

Patreon

Afghanistan vs South Africa (M) 2024

Home
News
Fixtures & Results
Squads
Teams
Afghanistan eviscerate South Africa to leave only India unconquered
Sep 18, 2024 
3 minute read
AFGHANISTAN VS SOUTH AFRICA (M) 2024
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on WhatsApp
Copy Link

In Sharjah on Wednesday (September 18), South Africa may not have expected a cakewalk, but a disaster of the proportions that they suffered would certainly not have been on the cards.

After Aiden Markram won the toss and chose to bat first, Reeza Hendricks and Tony de Zorzi got off to a steady start, before Hendricks was dismissed in the third over, inside-edging Fazalhaq Farooqi onto his stumps. Markram came to the crease next, but departed in near-identical fashion for two. Farooqi then struck for the third time in the Powerplay as de Zorzi mistimed a pull shot to mid-on, leaving South Africa 25-3.

Thereafter, teenage mystery spinner Allah Ghazanfar took over, to tie South Africa in knots in a magical spell.

Playing just his third ODI, Ghazanfar took his first international wicket in the eighth over of the innings. A length ball on off-stump turned away ever so slightly from Tristan Stubbs, who nicked it. The ball deflected off keeper Rahmanullah Gurbaz's pads before Mohammad Nabi grabbed hold of it at first slip.

Read more: Essex fined but avoid points penalty for systemic racist language and conduct

Ghazanfar then got rid of debutant Jason Smith, knocking back the batter's stumps with one that turned back in. In his next over, he took a third, foxing Kyle Verrynne to trap him lbw. On the final ball of that over, a lapse in concentration from Andile Phehlukwayo saw him run out to leave the Proteas 36-7 in 10 overs.

Wiaan Mulder then put up a stubborn resistance for the visitors, making his way to a stroke-filled 52 before he was bowled by a delivery from Farooqi which kept low. The innings eventually folded for 106.

In their chase, Afghanistan lost opener Rahmanullah Gurbaz in the very first over. Seamers Lungi Ngidi and Nandre Burger managed to keep things tight for South Africa, and the pressure told as Bjorn Fortuin eventually got rid of Riaz Hassan and Rahmat Shah to leave Afghanistan 38-3 in the 14th over.

The hosts were able to build a couple of partnerships from there, though, as Hashmatullah Shahidi (16), Azmatullah Omarzai and Gulbadin Naib all chipped in to take their side over the line in 26 overs.

Afghanistan cross South Africa off the list; only India remain

The result is a historic one, as Afghanistan's first-ever against South Africa. It will have been a satisfying one, given the last encounter between the sides, which was a one-sided result in South Africa's favour in the T20 World Cup semi-final.

It also means that Afghanistan have now defeated every other Full Member nation in international cricket, bar one. India are the last team on the list. Afghanistan have tied two matches against them, but not yet recorded a win.

Follow Wisden for all cricket updates, including live scores, match stats, quizzes and more. Stay up to date with the latest cricket news, player updates, team standings, match highlights, video analysis and live match odds.

Seniors With Numb Feet Are Calling This Trick Genius!
Norlie
|
Sponsored
Learn More
High Blood Sugar? Try this before Bad and see What Hap...
GlycoFix
|
Sponsored
Try Now
The New Buick Envision Is Nearly Unrecognizable (Take ...
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
ED May Be Becoming a Thing of the Past for Older Men!
IronPulse
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Endocrinologist: Try this Immedi ately if you have High Blood...
GlycoFix
|
Sponsored
Try Now
Seniors: New Electric Cars Come With Tiny Price Tags...
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
LATEST NEWS
View More
Explained: Why South Africa picked Nqabayomzi Peter, a 22-year-old leggie with four List A wickets
Sep 22, 2024
Afghanistan vs South Africa (M) 2024
Rahmanullah Gurbaz's unprecedented bat-first preference shows his potential and his pitfalls
Sep 22, 2024
Rahul Iyer
Afghanistan vs South Africa (M) 2024
Watch: Afghanistan batter run out backing up by bizarre double deflection
Sep 22, 2024
Afghanistan vs South Africa (M) 2024
Most ODI tons before turning 23: Rahmanullah Gurbaz equals Virat Kohli
Sep 20, 2024
Afghanistan vs South Africa (M) 2024
SERIES IN FOCUS
Australia vs India (M) 2024-25
Nov 22 - Jan 03, 2024-25
Champions Trophy 2025
Feb 19 - Mar 09, 2025
South Africa vs Pakistan (M) 2024 - 25
Dec 10 - Jan 03, 2024 - 25
World Test Championship 2023 - 25
Jun 16-Feb 06, 2023 - 25
Home
Series
News
Afghanistan Eviscerate South Africa To Leave Only India Unconquered | AFG Vs SA | Cricket News Today
About Wisden
The Wisden Story
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Wisden Cricket Monthly
Wisden Podcasts
Wisden Contributors
Contact us
Terms
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy

© 2024 Indie Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Indie Space may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wisden.com/series/afghanistan-vs-south-africa-m-2024/cricket-news/afghanistan-eviscerate-south-africa-to-leave-only-india-unconquered 
 ----- 
