NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays sending Kikuchi to the mound in search of series win in Tampa
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 24, 2023 - 11:59am
Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Yusei Kikuchi (16) works against the Philadelphia Phillies during first inning MLB interleague baseball action in Toronto on Tuesday, August 15, 2023. (Nathan Denettee/CP)
99 comments

Despite blowing a ninth-inning lead on Saturday, the Toronto Blue Jays feel good about the state of their game heading into the last seven games of the regular season.

On Sunday afternoon in a significant matchup at St. Petersburg, Fla., Toronto will face Tampa Bay Rays in the finale of a three-game series between the American League East rivals.

Toronto rallied from a 5-0 deficit in the middle contest, but closer Jordan Romano failed to hold a one-run lead as the Rays (95-61) came back to win 7-6 and assured themselves of — at worst — home-field advantage as the No. 1 AL wild-card team.

Toronto (86-69) is one game up on Houston (85-70) in the chase for the second AL wild card, with the Seattle Mariners (84-70) just a half-game behind the Astros.

"It helps playing in meaningful games," Blue Jays right-hander Kevin Gausman said. "You get that extra bit of adrenaline knowing that. To be honest, I'm trying to do better for my teammates than I am for myself.

"That's kind of the point where we're at. However bad you feel (following a loss), everybody else feels just as bad if not worse."

Yusei Kikuchi (10-6, 3.74 ERA) will get the start for Toronto on Sunday. The left-hander has turned in a pair of good performances and two poor ones in September, going 1-2 with a 4.58 ERA. He got a win in his most recent appearance, striking out seven while tossing five-plus innings of one-run ball against the New York Yankees on Tuesday.

Against the Rays in seven career outings (six starts), the southpaw is an impressive 4-1 with a 2.83 ERA. In two starts vs. Tampa Bay this year, he is 1-1 with a 4.91 ERA.

Tampa Bay will give the ball to Taj Bradley (5-7, 5.36) In his most recent start, on Tuesday against the Los Angeles Angels, the rookie right-hander turned in his best performance since his last win on June 21. Bradley yielded just one run on three hits in five innings during the Rays' 6-2 victory against Los Angeles, though he wasn't involved in the decision.

He struck out six, walked one and surrendered a solo homer to Logan O'Hoppe.

Bradley will hope to get offensive support from the Rays' Saturday hero, Josh Lowe. The right fielder went 3-for-5, homered and drove in four runs. He delivered a slicing single near the left field line with two outs in the ninth to give Tampa Bay a walk-off victory.

That helped erase the sting of a blown five-run lead and facing a 6-5 deficit with three outs to play.

Lowe was not surprised by the result, which featured rookies Curtis Mead and Junior Caminero — in his major league debut — contributing in the ninth.

Mead tied the game at 6-6 with a single.

Caminero, a 20-year-old who is the organization's top prospect, legged out a potential double-play grounder that was challenged and overturned into a fielder's choice — allowing Lowe's heroics as the next batter. Caminero finished 1-for-4 with a walk and a run.

"Two good days for (Mead)," Lowe said of the third baseman, who hit his first homer on Friday. "We're going to see some of these guys who are just coming up contribute. They're doing great so far. A good moment today."

— Field Level Media

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
MLB Roundup: Mariners and Astros both lose, fail to gain ground on Blue Jays
Blue Jays’ Romano dealing with cracked fingernail, pitched through it vs. Rays
MLB NEWS
MLBShi Davidi
Jays swoop in for Hoffman after Orioles hit snag
MLBShi Davidi
Hard part begins for Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MORE HEADLINES
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBAssociated Press
Yankees fans who grabbed Mookie Betts banned
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-sending-kikuchi-to-the-mound-in-search-of-series-win-in-tampa/ 
 ----- 
