Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Mahomes Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Tom Brady coach candidate
Jerry Jones Cowboys coach
CFP National Championship 2025
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Jack Sawyer Ohio State 
Caitlin Clark 
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Tampa Bay Rays
Rays' Isaac Paredes breaks home run record hitting his 30th of the season amid Arozarena injury

Isaac Paredes hit his 30th of the season

Tampa Bay Rays' Isaac Paredes celebrates after hitting a two-run home against the Toronto Blue Jays / LAPRESSE
LW
24/09/2023 - 23:09 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Tampa Bay Rays. Bad news for the Tampa Bay Rays: Randy Arozarena picks up a muscular injury
Tampa Bay Rays. MLB confirms Rays will get new St. Petersburg ballpark by 2028

Isaac Paredes became the youngest Mexican player to hit 30 home runs in an MLB season, becoming the second Mexican to is also the second player to reach this milestone.

Isaac Paredes hit his 30th home run

Isaac had a historic home run this Sunday against the Toronto Blue Jays, at the age of 24 years 218 days, surpassing by almost three years Vinny Castilla, who set the mark in 1995 with the Colorado Rockies, at the age of 27 years and 51 days.

Paredes blew the fence between left and center field in the seventh inning and took out a runner before Yimi García's pitches. However, it was not enough as the Blue Jays won 9-5 at Tropicana Field in Tampa.

Paredes is playing his fourth season in the Major Leagues and his second with the Rays, totaling 50 home runs in 249 games with the North Florida team.

With his 20 home runs last year, he became the fifth player to surpass this number, behind Castilla himself who did it eight times, Erubiel Durazo (twice), Christian Villanueva, and Luis Urías. This season he joined a select list, along with Castilla and Durazo, as the only Mexican players with multiple seasons with at least 20 home runs.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry's...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

In addition, this year, Isaac has three two-homer games, against the New York Mets on May 16 (both against Justin Verlander), on June 9 against the Texas Rangers, and on July 29 against the Houston Astros. He has also already hit a grand slam, the second of his career, against Ken Waldichuk of the Oakland Athletics on April 7.

Isaac has eight home runs in July, six in August, five in June, four each in April and May, and three in September. Upon his arrival in the MLB, Isaac only hit one home run in 2020 and one more in 2021. By 2022 he hit 22 homers and in 2023, in addition to the 30 home runs, he has 95 runs batted in, eighth in the American League in runs produced, as well as 118 hits in 138 games.

MLB - English
Tampa Bay Rays - English
Tampa Bay RaysBad news for the Tampa Bay Rays: Randy Arozarena picks up a muscular injury
New York YankeesCarlos Rodon turns around his New York Yankees history: 'Another really good step'
CelebritiesAlex Rodriguez reveals the weight loss secret that helped him lose 30 pounds in months
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Kate Middleton couldn't forgive...
Marca
一天不到一杯咖啡的價格，認養失親寶貝讓愛從此不缺席！
財團法人台北市失親兒福利基金會
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
老協珍 熬雞精、人蔘精禮盒【任選買2送1】新 春送禮一起做愛心！立即購買
老協珍
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/tampa-bay-rays/2023/09/25/651107d322601dc7248b458a.html 
 ----- 
