Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Springer's sprint, sprawl fuel star-studded statement win
Share
Springer's sprint, sprawl fuel star-studded statement win
Vlad Jr. adds two home runs as Blue Jays' hold on Wild Card spot tightens
September 24th, 2023

Keegan Matheson

@KeeganMatheson
Share

0:00

0:29

ST. PETERSBURG -- The series finale between the Blue Jays and Rays was interrupted for 20 minutes by the George Springer Variety Show.

In a brilliant two-inning burst, Springer played the best baseball we’ve seen from him in a Blue Jays uniform, setting his team up for a 9-5 win on Sunday afternoon. It all started with a wild inside-the-park home run in the top of the second inning, capping a five-run outburst.

Combine this with a two-homer performance from Vladimir Guerrero Jr., and the Blue Jays put together one of their best offensive performances of the season driven by the stars who should be driving this whole postseason push. The series win at Tropicana Field, a venue that has given Toronto nightmares over the years, gives the Blue Jays a 4-2 road trip and keeps them in the driver’s seat of the AL Wild Card race heading into the final week of the regular season at home, which is right where they want to be.

Games remaining (6): vs. NYY (3), vs. TB (3)
Standings update: Toronto (87-69) sits second in the AL Wild Card race, two games up Houston (85-71), which lost to Kansas City, and 2 1/2 games up on Seattle (84-70), which lost to Texas to drop a half-game out of a playoff spot.
Tiebreakers: Win vs. Houston; lose vs. Seattle; lose vs. Texas
Related
Who makes the all-time World Series MVP team?

October 23rd, 2024

The best baseball players born on Sept. 19

September 19th, 2024

Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

January 10th, 2025

These 12 players will be looking for big walk years in '25

December 15th, 2024

“This was an awesome road trip,” said manager John Schneider. “Coming off a sweep at home, then two division teams who are really tough. These guys played their [butts] off. Yeah, yesterday was a tough one, but this was about as good an outcome other than 6-0. I love the way they’re going about it, everything from offense to defense to pitching.”

Springer earned every bit of his inside-the-park home run by launching a ball 410 feet, far enough to clear the wall in 24 other MLB stadiums. When it fell a foot short, though, Springer got a good bounce off the angled wall in left-center field and turned on the jets while center fielder Manuel Margot watched it ricochet past him into no-man’s land. By the time Springer bolted around third and slid headfirst into home, the relay from the cutoff man wasn’t close enough to make it a play. 

The three-run homer put the Blue Jays in front, but it was just the appetizer.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

In the bottom half of the next inning, Springer completed the hat trick with the best throw and best catch of the game. 

Curtis Mead launched a ball off the top of the wall in right field, but Springer fielded the ball perfectly and fired a rocket to second base, beating Mead by a mile. The next batter, Isaac Paredes, sent a short liner into right field, but Springer raced towards the foul line and fully extended to make the diving catch. Each play robbed the Rays of a run, keeping the momentum fully on the Blue Jays’ side in one of their biggest games of the season.

“You don’t really see that too often,” Schneider said, “but between the inside-the-park homer and the two plays in right, throwing out Mead and catching the soft liner, he took the game over there for about 25 minutes. George, at this time of year, is a good guy to have on your team.”

This is Springer’s time to shine. From the moment the Blue Jays handed him a six-year, $150 million contract -- the biggest in their history -- in January 2021, they’ve wanted to put him back in the big postseason moments that made him a star with the Astros. Springer’s first two seasons with the Blue Jays have featured a near miss and a brief Wild Card Series appearance that ended with him being carted off the field with an injury, so Toronto is still waiting to see him on the biggest stage.

“We’re doing what we need to do,” Springer said. “We’re slowing the game down. You’re seeing guys walk, have a good quality at-bat when it has to happen. You’re seeing guys get moved over. You’re seeing what it takes to win in September. It’s not always about stats.”

Guerrero is still waiting on a “moment” in the postseason, and he’s heating up at the right time. His first home run in the sixth was a scorching shot that would have gone through the center-field wall if it hadn’t gone over it, and his second in the ninth (which went back-to-back with a solo blast from Bo Bichette) was the insurance run the Blue Jays have so desperately needed at times this season.

As Springer met with the media following the win, a jubilant Guerrero walked past, grinning, and shouted. 

“Atta boy, Georgie!” 

This might just be the Blue Jays’ best baseball of the season and it’s happening at the best possible time, with two stars leading the way.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
George Springer
Toronto Blue Jays
Vladimir Guerrero Jr.

Keegan Matheson covers the Blue Jays for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

53 minutes ago

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/george-springer-hits-inside-the-park-three-run-homer 
 ----- 
