Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
How Bassitt topped career-high in innings at age 34
Share
How Bassitt topped career-high in innings at age 34
September 24th, 2023

Keegan Matheson

@KeeganMatheson
Share

0:00

1:38

This story was excerpted from Keegan Matheson’s Blue Jays Beat Newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

Chris Bassitt has taken the question of quality versus quantity and asked: Why not both?

At 34, he’s having a career year in the quantity department, setting himself up for a run at 200 innings in his final start of the regular season next week in Toronto. At 192 1/3 innings, he ranks fifth in MLB behind only Logan Webb, Gerrit Cole, Zac Gallen and Framber Valdez.

That’s some fine company. 

“I think a lot of people look at my age and say that my workload should be decreasing,” Bassitt said, “but I feel that I have learned my body and I have learned what it takes for me to pitch every single day, especially post Tommy John. I’ve been tinkering with workload in the offseason and workload right now. Everything is changing in the right direction and it’s about learning my body.”

Bassitt underwent surgery back in May of 2016, just three years into his big-league career. He’d been dealt from the White Sox to the A’s a couple of years prior, along with Marcus Semien, in the Jeff Samardzija deal. He was just establishing himself then, but what he learned during that rehab process has stuck.

“One of the biggest things is that you have to be really, really honest with the training staff and the strength staff,” Bassitt said. “That’s how I got through Tommy John, by being honest with those guys and having those guys help me out. I feel that, to be truthful, I haven’t changed that approach. I know that a lot of guys will hide injuries or hide soreness, and instead of nipping it in the bud in the beginning, you let it go and let it go. Sometimes guys get hurt like that. I’ve learned to avoid that by being honest.”

This is exactly what the Blue Jays signed up for when they handed Bassitt $63 million over three years this past offseason. There’s risk involved when you sign a pitcher for their age 34-to-36 seasons, but the Blue Jays were confident from the beginning that Bassitt would be durable. Now, we’re seeing why. 

“He’s really smart. He knows how he feels,” said manager John Schneider. “He’s at the point of his career, too, where he’s tried multiple different things. He’s had surgery, he’s rehabbed, he’s had good years and fair years. He’s at that point where he just understands what it takes to keep himself ready for 162. Some days are lighter sides, some days are harder, some days not at all.”

Related
Bassitt on Clemente nomination: 'Pretty close to No. 1'

October 10th, 2024

Bassitt loses pitchers' duel to Bello despite strong 9-K outing

August 29th, 2024

‘Hittable + not special’: Bassitt’s gag shows how close rotation is

August 25th, 2024

Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

January 10th, 2025

Combine Bassitt with Kevin Gausman, José Berrios and Yusei Kikuchi, and you have 712 2/3 innings. That’s an incredible number, and maybe the most important one to the Blue Jays’ success in 2023. 

It’s also saved the Blue Jays from being forced to dig into their rotation depth, which isn’t exactly a strength. The return of Hyun Jin Ryu just in time to take over Alek Manoah’s rotation spot has been a major help, too, but the top four arms in this rotation have been absolute rocks. You can set your watch to them. 

“It’s awesome,” Schneider said. “They have a great relationship with Pete, with Jeff, with Dave. Even when they’re playing catch, we monitor what they’re doing when they’re playing catch. He’s said a number of times this year that, ‘A younger me would have done this or a younger me would have done that.’ He’s got a good feel for what he’s doing.”

A rotation of this quality fits on any roster, but it’s particularly well fit to how the Blue Jays want to win games. 

Bassitt said following Friday’s win over the Rays that the Blue Jays’ identity needs to be pitching and defense, which is how he believes teams win a World Series. The Blue Jays are a strong defensive team with a great bullpen, so this lines up. 

What allows those facets of the Blue Jays to truly shine, though, is this rotation. Toronto’s starters have made a remarkable habit of pitching deep into games and pinning the opponent’s lineup down just long enough for the Blue Jays to scrape across a few runs, and few pitchers in baseball have done a better job of that than Bassitt.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Chris Bassitt
Toronto Blue Jays

Keegan Matheson covers the Blue Jays for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

53 minutes ago

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/blue-jays-chris-bassitt-nears-200-inning-mark 
 ----- 
