 MENU
My Picks
Cincinnati Reds vs Minnesota Twins Prediction MLB Picks 9/15/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 14, 2024 11:02 pm
Minnesota Twins (78-68) vs Cincinnati Reds (71-77)
Game Info: Sunday, September 15, 2024 at 1:05 pm (Target Field)
David Festa (2-6) (5.08) vs Rhett Lowder (1-1) (0.59)
Betting Odds: Minnesota Twins -155 / Cincinnati Reds +146 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: ROKU

The Cincinnati Reds and the Minnesota Twins meet Sunday in MLB action from Target Field. Here’s a Cincinnati Reds vs Minnesota Twins prediction. This will be the final installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Reds vs Twins pick. We will examine:

The Cincinnati Reds recent form and player performance

The Minnesota Twins recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Cincinnati Reds

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Minnesota Twins

Recent betting trends in games played between the Reds and Twins

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Reds vs Twins game

Cincinnati Reds Betting Preview

In their last set the Reds took on the St. Louis Cardinals. Cincinnati won the opener then lost the next pair to drop the set. After an 8-4 win over the Twins in their first game, on Saturday the Reds rolled to an 11-1 win. Starter Nick Martinez posted 6.0 innings with one earned run.

Starter for the finale will be Rhett Lowder. Over the first three starts of his career Lowder is 1-1 with a 0.59 ERA.

Minnesota Twins Betting Preview

Over on the Twins’ side, they played the Los Angeles Angels this past week. Minnesota lost the first game then won 10-5 and 6-4 in the next pair. On Saturday the Twins were out-hit 15-5 in the defeat. Simeon Woods Richardson posted 3.0 innings with three earned runs as starter.

David Festa will take the start for the Twins on Sunday. This year Festa is 2-6 with a 5.08 ERA in 11 games (10 starts) over his rookie campaign.

Total Runs Facts
Seven of the Reds' last eight day games after playing the previous day have gone UNDER the total runs line.
Each of the Twins' last four games have gone OVER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Reds' last four day games.
Minnesota Twins Player Prop Facts
Byron Buxton has recorded two or more total bases in each of his last six appearances in day games.
Byron Buxton has recorded at least one RBI in each of his last five appearances at Target Field against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Carlos Santana has recorded a Single in each of his last five appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Byron Buxton has scored at least one run in nine of his last 10 appearances in day games against teams that held a losing record.
Byron Buxton has hit a home run in three of his last five appearances at Target Field against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Kyle Farmer has recorded at least one hit in each of his last eight appearances.
Cincinnati Reds Player Prop Facts
TJ Friedl has hit a home run in four of the Reds' last five games as road underdogs against AL Central opponents.
Spencer Steer has recorded a Double in four of the Reds' last five road games against AL Central opponents.
TJ Friedl has recorded at least one hit in each of his last nine appearances with the Reds as underdogs against AL Central opponents.
TJ Friedl has recorded at least one Single in each of the Reds' last five games against the Twins.
Ty France has scored at least one run in each of the Reds' last seven games against AL opponents.
TJ Friedl has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances with the Reds as underdogs against AL Central opponents.
TJ Friedl has recorded at least one RBI in each of the Reds' last eight games as road underdogs against AL Central opponents.
Cincinnati Reds vs Minnesota Twins Prediction

I’m going to try the Reds. Lowder is on a pretty nice run lately. Over his last three starts Lowder is just 1-1 but he’s given up only one earned run across 15.1 innings of work. As for Festa, he’s 0-3 with 15.0 innings and eight earned runs in his last three outings.

On Saturday the Reds had one big inning with a whopping nine runs in the fourth. Outside of that Cincinnati only scored one other run. Regardless, the pitching was great and only used one bullpen arm (Brent Suter). The Reds should be set up well for Sunday.

Andrew’s Pick
Cincinnati Reds +146
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-15/cincinnati-reds-vs-minnesota-twins-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
