MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Isiah Kiner-Falefa has 3 hits to lead Pirates past Royals 4-3, avoid series sweep
Updated Sep. 15, 2024 5:23 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

PITTSBURGH (AP) — Isiah Kiner-Falefa had three hits, including a go-ahead single in the fifth inning, as the Pittsburgh Pirates avoided a three-game sweep with a 4-3 win over the Kansas City Royals on Sunday.

Billy Cook lined a single to left to start the fifth and scored from first on a hit and run when Kiner-Falefa shot one to center past a diving Bobby Witt Jr. at short to put the Pirates ahead 3-2. Kiner-Falefa also singled in the first and sixth innings.

“Billy never hesitates. He never breaks stride,” Pittsburgh manager Derek Shelton said. “We get a run on a groundball to center field just because of the fact of his awareness. Outstanding.”

Kansas City's Brady Singer (9-11), who gave up four runs on six hits and four walks with six strikeouts in five innings, later walked Rowdy Tellez with the bases loaded to bring the Pittsburgh lead to 4-2.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

“In the fifth, (Singer) just kind of lost command a little bit there,” Royals manager Matt Quatraro said. “Unlike him. But overall, I thought his stuff was fine, just his command was a little bit off.”

Carmen Mlodzinski (3-5) pitched a perfect fifth inning in relief of Pirates starter Jared Jones, who allowed two runs and six hits in the first four. Aroldis Chapman struck out one in a perfect ninth for his ninth save.

The Royals, four games back of first-place Cleveland in the AL Central, had the bases loaded with two outs in the sixth. Colin Holderman walked Witt Jr. to bring in a run but Dennis Santana entered to get Salvador Perez to fly out and limit the damage.

“We needed to capitalize more,” Quatraro said. “We put a lot of pressure on them. We drove up the pitch count early. We had baserunners in several innings and just couldn't come up with the big hit to really take the lead or break it open.”

Bryan Reynolds gave the Pirates an initial lead on a double into the left-field corner after Kiner-Falefa led off the first with a base hit.

Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You In 2025
Enter your ZIP code on this website and share a couple of details about the current state of your roof.
HomeBuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

Yuli Gurriel tied it 1-1 on a sacrifice fly in the second after Kansas City started the inning with a Paul DeJong single between two walks.

Tommy Pham opened the third with a triple off the top of the Clemente Wall in right.

Witt Jr. then flew out to Cook, whose throw home from right field beat Pham to preserve the tie. It came from near the line to the right of a No. 21 etched into the outfield grass on Roberto Clemente Day, observed across the majors.

“It was great seeing the 21 and, I think, even more special because it was just out in right field,” said Cook, who wore Clemente's No. 21 along with his Pirates teammates. “He played an amazing right field. To just be able to play the game the right way out there as a tribute to him while wearing the number, really special.”

Gurriel and Maikel Garcia hit consecutive one-out doubles to put the Royals ahead 2-1 the next inning.

Oneil Cruz led off the Pirates’ half of the fourth with a single and scored the tying run when Nick Gonzales grounded to third with the bases loaded.

UP NEXT

Royals: RHP Seth Lugo (16-8, 2.94 ERA) will start Monday to open a three-game home series against the Tigers. Detroit has not announced a starter.

Pirates: Rookie RHP Paul Skenes (10-2, 2.10) will take the mound Monday to start a four-game series in St. Louis, opposite Cardinals RHP Andre Pallante (6-8, 4.13).

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Pittsburgh Pirates
Major League Baseball
Isiah Kiner-Falefa
Rowdy Tellez
Brady Singer
Isiah Kiner-Falefa
Kansas City Royals
Pittsburgh Pirates
MLB - Kansas City Royals vs. Pittsburgh Pirates - 09/15/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/isiah-kinerfalefa-has-3-hits-to-lead-pirates-past-royals-43-avoid-series-sweep 
 ----- 
