By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept
Font Resizer
Aa
Business
News
Technology
Sports
AMAZE TV > Blog > Sports > Benin Republic Referees to Officiate Sierra Leone vs Ivory Coast Friendly Match
SPORTS
Benin Republic Referees to Officiate Sierra Leone vs Ivory Coast Friendly Match
Last updated: 2024/01/03 at 8:52 AM
admin
Share
SHARE

The upcoming friendly match between Sierra Leone and Ivory Coast will be officiated by a team of officials from Benin Republic. The game is scheduled to take place on Saturday 6th January, 2024 at the Laurent Poukou De San Pedro Stadium1. The Ivorian Football Federation has announced a list of 27 players for their friendly clash with Leone Stars of Sierra Leone, while the Sierra Leone Football Association has announced a list of 21-man squad to face the Elephants of Ivory Coast in the upcoming international friendly1. The officiating team will consist of the following three FIFA badge Benin referees:

Center Referee: Ahomalnto Dejinnanchi
Assistant 1: Koutou Gbemassiandan Narcisse
Assistant 2: Dodometin Detondji Joe Cortex
You Might Also Like
 Blind Judo Launched in Sierra Leone to Promote Inclusivity
 Sarfo Castro appointed as the new head coach of East End Lions
 Football Referee Seeks Support for Medical Treatment
 Musa Tombo makes a surprise return to face Ivory Coast
Sign Up For Daily Newsletter
Be keep up! Get the latest breaking news delivered straight to your inbox.
 I have read and agree to the terms & conditions
By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Share This Article
Facebook
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Blind Judo Launched in Sierra Leone to Promote Inclusivity
Leave a comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Amaze TV Sierra Leone

Amaze TV is an online entertainment television platform that connects the African communities overseas with African entertainment.

Quick Link
About Amaze TV
Advertise with us
Privacy Policy
Support
Contact us
Donation
The Team
Sign Up for Our Newsletter

Subscribe to our newsletter to get our newest articles instantly!

 I have read and agree to the terms & conditions
Follow US
© 2024 Amaze TV Sierra Leone. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://atvbase.live/2024/01/03/benin-republic-referees-to-officiate-sierra-leone-vs-ivory-coast-friendly-match/ 
 ----- 
