Skip to main content
Site search
Sign UpLog In
SUBSCRIBE
Home
News
Sports
Obits
Multimedia
Publications
Classifieds
Events
Contests
PREP NOTEBOOK
Prep notebook: Mazama names Orlyn Culp II as football coach, replacing AD Vic Lease
HERALD AND NEWS STAFF Jan 5, 2024 
Comments

Mazama athletic director Vic Lease, left, introduced new football coach Orlyn Culp II to the Vikings' players Friday, Jan. 6, 2024.

Courtesy of Mazama High athletics
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

When Orlyn Culp II moved to Klamath Falls last summer, he figured his coaching days were behind him.

But Vic Lease can be persuasive.

So Culp coached the Mazama High JV team last fall and assisted with the varsity quarterbacks.




Friday, he was introduced as the Vikings’ varsity coach, replacing Lease, who is stepping down from the football program but remaining as the school’s athletic director.

“At the end of the day, I just like working with kids,” Culp said. “Football is a great avenue to teach young people skills and develop them into men and women of respect and honor.”

Culp, 60, spent 23 years as the head coach at Yreka (1996-2015) and Red Bluff (2017-19) in northern California.

He said he moved to Klamath Falls with wife Dena — a “39-year veteran football coach’s wife,” he joked — to be nearer to their adult children and six grandchildren, two of whom attend Mazama (one is Sydney Baker, who as a freshman last season won both girls hurdle events at the Class 4A state track meet).

“I’ve known Orlin for over 20 years. We’ve been friends and colleagues for a long time,” Lease said. “I knew my time was coming to an end at Mazama and wanted the right guy to replace me. I talked him into it. Once we got him here, I knew he’d be a perfect fit.”

Lease said with his children having graduated and his wife, Joy, becoming the head women’s basketball coach at Oregon Tech, it was time to hang up his whistle.

Culp won’t have easy shoes to fill. In 11 years at Mazama, Lease went 85-24 and won nine conference championships — going 46-5 in conference play. Ten of his teams made the state playoffs, with seven reaching the quarterfinals and three making the semifinals.

After the fall 2020 season was wiped out because of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Vikings won the Class 4A “culminating event” in the spring of 2021, defeating Marist Catholic 27-21. The trophy read “Oregon 4A football 2020-21 champion,” though the Oregon School Activities Association doesn’t recognize it as an official state title.

Culp seems to understand the legacy he’s inheriting.

“(Former Mazama coach) John Mathis is a good friend of mine and Vic is a good friend of mine,” Culp said. “To be a part of the things they’ve done in the past and the history of Mazama football ... is special.”

Culp was introduced as the head coach to the players Friday.

“Generally they’d known for a little bit there might be a change, but I think Coach Lease and I both kept it pretty close to the vest to make sure we were on the same page,” Culp said. “I had met with some (of next year’s) seniors about the possibility of it a couple of weeks ago. Just to let them know that if, in fact, that was the direction we were going go, our status would change a little bit. As an assistant coach you’re kind of ‘Uncle Coach,” friendly and encouraging, and as the head guy you’ve got to hold people accountable. I got real positive feedback.”

Culp said his philosophy is similar to Lease’s in that he wants a strong running game and stout defense. But Culp, with his background coaching quarterbacks, said he also seeks to spread the field more and utilize the passing game.

“It’ll be a version of the spread with a tight end that will allow us to run the ball with physicality and power,” Culp said. “We will run some option, but it might just look a little different than it has the past 12 or 13 years.”

WRESTLING

Sierra Nevada Classic: Henley’s Dylan Clark placed second at 132 pounds and Mazama’s Tyson Van Gastel was fifth at 190 last weekend in Reno, Nev.

In the girls event, Lakeview’s Quincey Ludwig took third at 145 to help the Honkers finish 20th among 70 participating teams.

ALL-STATE HONORS

Several Klamath Basin athletes received recognition this fall ... and a few others from last spring (see below). Note: Some all-state teams have yet to be released.

Football: North Lake junior Jack Roscoe was named to the Class 1A (6-man) first team as a returner.

Cowboys running back Carter Golson and center Christian Good received honorable mention. Golson is a junior and Good a sophomore.

Volleyball: Senior hitter Kenna Stratton of Lakeview received honorable mention on the Class 3A team.

In Class 1A, honorable mention went to Lost River senior hitter Jazmin Cobian, North Lake senior middle blocker Emily Murphy and Bonanza senior libero Jaidyn Maddock.

Boys soccer: Receiving honorable mention in Class 3A/2A/1A were Lost River senior midfielder Jonathan Flores and senior defender Amadeus Hernandez, as well as Lakeview/Paisley senior goalkeeper Carlos Arredondo.

Softball (spring 2023): Henley’s Brian Stock, whose top-ranked team reached the state championship game before falling to The Dallas, was named Class 4A co-coach of the year.

Hornets junior pitcher Annie Campos and sophomore outfielder Anna Harper were named to the first team.

Receiving honorable mention were: Henley sophomore infielder Natalie Hudson; Mazama sophomore infielder Maggie Pizano; Mazama freshman outfielder Lily Kennel; and Henley freshman utility/designated player Layliana Segura.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Sports American Football Job Market Education School Systems Linguistics Soccer (us) Softball Games And Toys
Around The Web
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Taipei - Stair Lifts Could Be a Dream Come True for Seniors (See Options)
Stair Lift
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job

Basin Ag News

TRENDING NOW
U.S. House fails to reauthorize 20-year-old bipartisan bill to fund rural schools, communities
Three youths, one man killed in head-on collision with semi-truck
Klamath Basin business notebook: Big Lots closing all remaining locations
4 killed in Hwy. 97 crash
Motown’s Pizzeria at Klamath Community College brings taste of Detroit to Klamath Basin
 Support Local Journalism in Classrooms
LATEST E-EDITION
Klamath Falls Herald and News
Read the latest edition of the Klamath Falls Herald and News.
Herald and News
2701 Foothills Blvd.
Klamath Falls, OR 97603
 541-885-4410 (Main)
541-885-4420 (After hours or complaints)
 news@heraldandnews.com

Contact Customer Service
News
Sports
Calendar
Outdoors
Limelighter
Multimedia
Editorials
Special Sections
About
Contact
Advertise With Us
Submissions
Subscriber Savings
Other State News
© Copyright 2025 Herald and News PO Box 788 (zip 97601)2701 Foothills Blvd., Klamath Falls, OR  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.heraldandnews.com/sports/prep-notebook-mazama-names-orlyn-culp-ii-as-football-coach-replacing-ad-vic-lease/article_82cdd35e-ac18-11ee-ae47-afcb97d8c40e.html 
 ----- 
