Skip to main content
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Email
Site search
Sign UpLog In
SUBSCRIBE
Our Publications
Subscriber Savings
News
COVID-19
Sports
Features
Milestones
Obituaries
Opinion
Events
Classifieds
Contests
 Business Directory
 Read the E-Edition
 Start A Subscription
 Subscriber Services
 Make An Announcement
 Site Services
 Browse the Archives
USU men’s basketball: With new coach came a super fan
Shawn Harrison sports editor Mar 22, 2024  0
1 of 3

Danette and Bill Sprinkle pose for a photo following Utah State’s open practice Thursday at Gainbridge Fieldhouse in Indianapolis ahead of the Aggies’ game against TCU in the first round of the NCAA Tournament on Friday.

photo courtesy Heidi Bingham

Danette Sprinkle claps to music played by the Utah State pep band along side her husband Bill Sprinkle and daughter Erin, following the Aggies’ open practice Thursday in Indianapolis.

photo courtesy Heidi Bingham

Danette Sprinkle, mother of Utah State head coach Danny Sprinkle, cheers on the Aggies in the student section during a game against Boise State on Feb. 10, at the Dee Glen Smith Spectrum.

Eli Lucero/Herald Journal
Support Local Journalism
Subscribe
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

INDIANAPOLIS — When the 20th ranked Aggies took on the Horned Frogs Friday night at Gainbridge Fieldhouse in the first round of the NCAA Tournament, one Utah State fan was enjoying her first season wearing blue.

While she lives hundreds of miles away from Logan, Danette Sprinkle has become a favorite of the Aggie students when she is in town and makes it to the Dee Glen Smith Spectrum. The mother of first-year USU head men’s basketball coach Danny Sprinkle, Danette was thrilled to be at the Aggies open practice on Thursday in Indianapolis. Along with her husband, Bill Sprinkle and some other family members, Danette was among a handful of USU fans cheering on the Aggies during their 40-minute workout in front of spectators.




Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Sports Education University School Systems Basketball American Football Soccer (us) Politics
Shawn Harrison
Author email
 Follow Shawn Harrison
Please be aware that Cache Valley Publishing does not endorse, and is not responsible for alleged employment offers in the comments.
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
 (0) COMMENTS
Welcome to the discussion.

Log In

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Which Company Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in District of Columbia?
Dermatologist Tells How to Defeat Nail Fungus in 3 Days
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
The Horde of Parasites Will Fly out Like a Bullet in the Morning. Try It
Washington: Brand New Senior 2-bed Apartments for $150/month - Peek Inside
TRENDING NOW
USU's new head-football coach addresses community stakeholders
Logan Police seek community aid in counterfeit bill investigation
USU men’s basketball: Aggies stun Aztecs, Anderson hits game-winning 3
USU football: Fourteen former Aggies headed to other FBS programs; transfer portal tracker
USU men’s basketball: Aggies bounce back, pick up big road win
 Support Local Journalism in Classrooms
LATEST E-EDITION

To view our latest e-Edition, click the image on the left.

NEWSLETTER SIGNUP

Sign up today, or manage your subscriptions, to one of our great newsletters:

Aggie Sports
Crime and Courts
Outdoors
Breaking News
Daily Headlines
and much more!

Get your e-Newsletters
News
The Herald Journal
News-Examiner
The Leader
Preston Citizen
E-Edition
Classifieds
Obituaries
Subscribe Today
Submissions
Submit News Tip
Submit an Obituary
Letter to the Editor
Anniversary Announcement
Birthday Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Eagle Scout Announcement
Missionary Announcement
Contact Us
www.hjnews.com
1068 West 130 South
Logan, Utah 84321
Phone: 435-752-2121

Services
Contact Us
Customer Service
Email Newsroom
Email Classified
Manage Your Subscription
Pay Subscription Bill
Place a Classified Ad
Add a Calendar Event
Newspapers in Education
Dealer Returns
Subscriber Savings
Follow Us
   
© Copyright 2024 The Herald Journal 1068 West 130 South, Logan, Utah  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.hjnews.com/news/local/usu-men-s-basketball-with-new-coach-came-a-super-fan/article_174d55ee-e810-11ee-8be0-3b943f9ef39d.html 
 ----- 
