Skip to main content
HOME
GTA
CANADA
POLITICS
WORLD
OPINION
LIFE
SPORTS
REAL ESTATE
ENTERTAINMENT
BUSINESS
INVESTIGATIONS
PODCASTS
SALE
Only $1
The Star Edition
Change Location
Toronto
Vancouver
Calgary
Edmonton
Winnipeg
Ottawa
Halifax
Manage Profile
Subscriptions
Billing Information
Saved Articles
Newsletters
Notifications
Sign out
LEAFS
The milestone race is on as Leafs’ Auston Matthews and Oilers’ Connor McDavid square off in Toronto

Two stars who have become friends are chasing historic seasons, but would 70 goals or 100 assists be more impressive?

Updated March 22, 2024 at 3:35 p.m.
March 22, 2024
3 min read
Save

It was the dream — and never really out of the question — that Connor McDavid, left, and Auston Matthews might meet one day in a Stanley Cup final, writes Kevin McGran.

Frank Gunn/THE CANADIAN PRESS
By Kevin McGranSports Reporter

When Connor McDavid and Auston Matthews went first overall in the NHL draft in back-to-back years, fans, media and the teams themselves had visions of glory dancing in their heads.

The two have kept up their end of the bargain.

Matthews became the first Maple Leaf to score 60 goals (2021-22) and has at times this season flirted with a 70-goal pace, a number not achieved since Alex Mogilny and Teemu Selanne got there in 1993. He’s won the Hart Trophy, the Ted Lindsay, the Rocket Richard (twice) and the Calder.

McDavid has done even better. He got to 65 goals last season and has won the Hart three times, the Lindsay four times, the Art Ross Trophy five times, as well as the Rocket. And this year he’s flirting with a 100-assist pace.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

“We just have to appreciate it and just enjoy it,” said Leafs captain John Tavares. “I think it just shows how good they are, this generation of players we have right now, and why our game is in such a good place.

“For me, playing with and against those types of players, it’s phenomenal. I’m just really thankful one of them is on my side.”

Which feat — 70 goals or 100 assists — would be more impressive? Eight players have hit 70 goals, with Wayne Gretzky doing it four times, Brett Hull three and Mario Lemieux twice.

“It’s one thing for a player to have scored 60, but you’re in rarefied air when you get for 70,” says TSN analyst Craig Button. “I don’t think there’s any question that Auston is the best goal-scorer in the game. Much like McDavid, when you have a special quality like he does, you’re going to do special things.

“Auston now, when the puck is on his stick and he gets ready to shoot it, I’m always surprised if the puck doesn’t go into the net.”

But as high regard Button has for Matthews and his pursuit of 70, it sounds higher for McDavid.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

Only three players have hit 100 assists: Gretzky, Lemieux and Bobby Orr. Gretzky did it 11 times.

“When McDavid’s all said and done, we might be having a debate who was better: Sidney Crosby or Connor McDavid,” said Button. “We got Orr, we got Lemieux, we got Gretzky. (Gordie) Howe gets in there, different era and everything that goes with it. So we just keep those four out of it. The big debate will be who was better, Crosby or McDavid?

“I am never going to bet against Connor McDavid, I’m just not. I’m talking about the skill, the productivity, the ability to impact the game. He’s the game’s best player. And when the game’s best players play the game, they’re capable of doing special things.”

Head-to-head, the Leafs have had the better of the Oilers: 17-5-2 since McDavid joined the league (though he hasn’t played in every game). McDavid, however, has 11 goals and 21 assists in 22 games against the Leafs. Matthews has 12 goals and seven assists in 18 games vs. the Oilers.

Neither seems particularly comfortable talking about their own feats.

“We’ve got more stuff to worry about in our locker room as far as trying to build our game towards the end of the season,” Matthews said in Washington, after he scored two to bring his total to 57. “The individual stuff, obviously you want to accomplish stuff, you want to push yourself to be as good as you can. That’s what I try to do every night. It’s good to continue to push and try to elevate my game and do what I can to help the team win.”

So, too, does McDavid. There was a 10-game stretch from Feb. 9 to Feb. 26 in which McDavid went without a goal. But he had 23 assists, six in one game against the Detroit Red Wings.

ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW

“I haven’t put much thought into it,” McDavid said at the all-star break. “Just trying to be a part of the group and help our team win. It’s always been about the team. That’s obviously ... the ultimate goal, and that’s what we’re building towards.”

The ultimate goal is, of course, the Stanley Cup.

It was the dream — and never really out of the question — that the two might meet one day in a Stanley Cup final for the ages: two stars — who have become friends — battling for the trophy that has eluded Canadian teams since 1993.

The playoffs haven’t been kind to either franchise. Matthews has been in the playoffs in all seven of his seasons, but has only won one round. McDavid’s Oilers made the playoffs in five of his first eight seasons and won four rounds in total, making it as far as the conference final in 2022.

Much has been made this season of the Oilers being in win-now mode, as McDavid said in a pre-season press conference.

“It’s Cup or bust for this group, with where everybody is in their career,” said McDavid. “That’s the expectation.”

For the Leafs, they haven’t been vocal about it, but the same logic applies. Their best players are in the prime of their athletic lives.

“My biggest priority as a Maple Leaf is to be the best teammate, the best player that I can be,” Matthews said prior to the season, “and obviously do what I can to take this team where we’re trying to go.”

Kevin McGran is a Star sports reporter based in Toronto. Follow him on Bluesky @kevinmcgran

Related Stories
Feschuk: Leafs vs. Oilers is about Auston Matthews, Zach Hyman and the hands that feed them
Why hasn’t a Canadian NHL team won the Stanley Cup since 1993? ‘It’s a little bit of everything’
 REPORT AN ERROR
 JOURNALISTIC STANDARDS
 ABOUT THE STAR
Trending
 
GTA
99.5 per cent didn’t get teen into the University of Waterloo but it got him to where he was meant to be
14 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Jetliner skids off runway and bursts into flames while landing in South Korea, killing 179
44 mins ago
GTA
I went digging in Toronto’s vinyl shops. I found more than music
15 hrs ago
UNITED STATES
Jimmy Carter, the 39th US president, has died at 100
7 mins ago
EDITORIAL CARTOON
OPINION
Greg Perry: 51st state
16 hrs ago
CONTRIBUTORS
OPINION
Jaime Watt: Advice to progressives: public rage is real and the politics of joy is dead
8 hrs ago
BUSINESS
Looking to change jobs in 2025? You’re never too old, and financial security needs to be near the top of your wish list
16 hrs ago
DEVELOPING
Toronto under heavy rainfall warning, city says ‘storm readiness plan’ in place to watch for possible flooding
9 mins ago
JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Conversations are opinions of our readers and are subject to the Community Guidelines. Toronto Star does not endorse these opinions.
More from The Star & partners
More Sports
FOOTBALL
Packers fail yet again to produce a premier performance against a top NFC team in loss to Vikings
18 mins ago
Comments
HOCKEY
Unconvincing Canada tops Germany 3-0 at world juniors
Article was updated 3 mins ago
Comments
RAPTORS
Veteran forward Bruce Brown’s return a boost to flagging Toronto Raptors’ lineup
Article was updated 21 mins ago
Comments
BASKETBALL
Herro leads Heat over Rockets in game marred by fight and ejections in final minute
Article was updated 32 mins ago
Comments
FOOTBALL
Browns’ Myles Garrett makes history with 2 sacks, but another loss leaves him frustrated
49 mins ago
Comments
Top Trending
RELATIONSHIPS
We have four grandchildren who we adore. We also go away for two months in the winter. Lately, people have been shaming us for travelling. Are we bad grandparents? Ask Lisi
RELATIONSHIPS
My wife and I invited a couple over for lunch. They asked what to bring. I said, ‘Beer.’ Well, it all went to hell after that... Ask Lisi
GTA
‘I may end up in tears telling my story’: How a former MPP and Toronto city councillor found himself living in a homeless shelter
THE THIRD ACT
Her pension wasn’t enough to cover Toronto rent. Then she found a lifeline in a different kind of housing
REAL ESTATE
After eight months on the market and a $135,000 price drop, this Toronto condo owner has had zero offers
FIRST UP
Get our free morning newsletter
Sign Up
Yes, I'd also like to receive customized content suggestions and promotional messages from the Star.

You may unsubscribe at any time. By signing up, you agree to our terms of use and privacy policy. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google privacy policy and terms of service apply.

theStar.com
Subscribe to the Star
Manage Star Subscription
Feedback
Removal Request
Site Map
Newsletters
Notifications
Corrections
Today’s News
Flyers
Contests
Archives
Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd.
Subscribe to Home Delivery
Manage Home Delivery Subscription
Corporate Group Subscriptions
About
Torstar Journalistic Standards
Atkinson Principles
Glossary
Trust Project
Contact Us
Careers
Contact Webmaster
FAQ
Star ePaper Edition
Reprint and License
Advertising
Advertise with Us
Advertising Terms
Advertising Standards
Special Features
Sponsored Content
Election Ads Registry
Initiatives
Santa Claus Fund
Fresh Air Fund
Star Advisers
Classroom Connection
Newspapers.com Archives
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms | Accessibility
© Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Limited 1996 - 2024
The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, 8 Spadina Avenue, 10th Floor, Toronto, ON M5V 0S8
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com/sports/leafs/the-milestone-race-is-on-as-leafs-auston-matthews-and-oilers-connor-mcdavid-square-off/article_b86d0890-e476-11ee-90b7-a3c599c35052.html 
 ----- 
