Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
International Friendlies 2022-23
North Macedonia vs Moldova Prediction and Betting Tips | March 22nd 2024
North Macedonia vs Moldova Prediction and Betting Tips | March 22nd 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Mar 21, 2024 13:17 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
North Macedonia host Moldova in a friendly on Friday

North Macedonia will lock horns against Moldova at Mardan Sports Complex in an international friendly on Friday.

Both teams will play for the first time in 2024. North Macedonia met England in their final match of the UEFA Euro 2024 qualifying campaign in November, with the match ending in a 1-1 draw. Enis Bardhi broke the deadlock in the 41st minute to give North Macedonia the lead but Jani Atanasov's own goal helped England earn a point from the game.

Moldova met the Czech Republic in their previous outing in November. They fell to a 3-0 away loss, as their UEFA Euro qualifying campaign ended with a loss after they had gone unbeaten in the previous four games.

Trending

Both teams are set to spend nine days in Turkey and will conclude the international break with another friendly next week at the same venue. North Macedonia lock horns with Montenegro and Moldova will take on the Cayman Islands.

North Macedonia vs Moldova Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have crossed paths just three times thus far, with two of the meetings coming in the 2002 FIFA World Cup qualifiers. All three meetings between them have ended in draws, including a 1-1 draw in a friendly when they last met in 2009.
Moldova have picked up just two wins in their last 12 games in all competitions. North Macedonia have fared a little better with two wins in their last eight games.
Interestingly, Moldova are winless in their last six friendlies, suffering five losses. North Macedonia have suffered just one loss in their last 11 friendlies.
Moldova have scored more than one goal in just one of their last 12 games across all competitions. North Macedonia, meanwhile, have scored at least twice in three of their last five games.
North Macedonia vs Moldova Prediction

Lavovi concluded 2023 and their Euro 2024 qualifying campaign on a positive note, as they held England to a 1-1 draw. If not for Atanasov's own goal, they could've earned their fifth win of the year.

They do not play a competitive match until September, so head coach Blagoja Milevski will look to experiment with his squad a bit in these friendlies. Defender Stefan Ashkovski left the training camp with an ankle injury, thus leaving Milevski with 27 players for the match.

Tricolorii have been in poor touch recently, suffering two losses in their last four games. They have scored one goal apiece in five of their last six games and will look to improve upon their attacking output.

Vadim Dijinari has been called up to the squad for the first time by head coach Serghei Cleșcenco while regulars like Veaceslav Posmac, Artur Ioniță, and Ion Nicolaescu have also been included.

Both teams are playing after a lengthy break, so they might be a bit rusty. With that in mind and considering the history of this fixture, a draw is likely to ensue.

Prediction: North Macedonia 1-1 Moldova

North Macedonia vs Moldova Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Draw

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Under 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least a goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Enis Bardhi to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

International Friendlies 2022-23 Macedonia Football Moldova Football Enis Bardhi Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/north-macedonia-vs-moldova-prediction-betting-tips-march-22nd-2024 
 ----- 
