Yahoo Sport
Search query
Sign in
Sport
NRL
AFL
Tennis
Cricket
Football
Rugby
Motorsport
Golf
Basketball
NFL
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
…
Yahoo Sport Australia
Cricket world baffled by bizarre detail in Australian team photo
Sam Goodwin
Sports Editor
Mon, 21 Feb 2022·4-min read
Marcus Stoinis was looking rather queasy in photos after Australia's T20 series triumph over Sri Lanka. (Photo by Daniel Pockett - CA/Cricket Australia via Getty Images)

Marcus Stoinis is the talk of the cricket world despite Australia's loss in the fifth and final T20 against Sri Lanka on Sunday night.

The tourists pulled off an exciting consolation victory at the MCG, scoring the winning runs with one ball to spare.

'SHOULD NOT HAPPEN': Aussie cricket stunned by 'horrible' scenes

'NOT AT ALL': Cricket legends divided over Aaron Finch move

Heading into Sunday's match down 4-0, Sri Lanka were lifted to a thrilling five-wicket win thanks to a sublime unbeaten 69 from star batter Kusal Mendis.

Despite some hiccups, including two diabolical run-outs, Sri Lanka sneaked past Australia's total of 6-154 with just one delivery remaining.

Despite the loss, the Aussies were still over the moon to have won the series 4-1, losing just one match all summer after thrashing England 4-0 in the Test matches.

The hosts were all smiles as they posed for photos with the trophy after Sunday night's match. Well everyone except Stoinis it seems.

The star all-rounder could be seen looking very under the weather as he stood in the back row of photos next to captain Aaron Finch.

Some fans on Twitter suggested he mustn't have been feeling well, however others pointed out that Stoinis has form in this area.

The 32-year-old has previously posed for team photos by attempting to hide his neck, and appeared to be doing so again on Sunday night.

I wonder if Stoinis was the Class Clown in all his school photos as well pic.twitter.com/kBJjfrAH47

— Valencia (the artist formerly known as Sarah) (@sezzoooooooooo) February 13, 2022

Is Stoinis ok?#CricketTwitter #Cricket #AUSvSL pic.twitter.com/DXXtTFZfdz

— What's The Go? (@WhatsTheGo3) February 20, 2022

Why is Marcus Stoinis looking so spooked ?! 😅#CricketTwitter pic.twitter.com/n6ue3F5PVJ

— Moinak Das (@d_moinak) February 20, 2022

What's wrong with marcus stoinis?😭 https://t.co/acXwb5NLvz

— Himanshu shekar sahani (@shekar_sahani) February 20, 2022

wats up with Stoinis, looks like he is swallowed the ball !

— maverick (@moizuddinAhmed9) February 20, 2022

Marcus Stoinis' needs to take a dope test for the public's peace of mind. He looks like he swallowed Adam Zampa.

— Ex-test captain Lokesh Rahul (@thirty6allout) February 20, 2022

Aussies win T20 series against Sri Lanka 4-1

Mendis was the hero for Sri Lanka with his third-best T20I score, receiving solid support from captain Dasun Shanaka (35) in a 83-run partnership.

Shanaka made the result a certainty when he hooked Kane Richardson for a giant six with three balls to go, levelling the scores.

He was bowled the next ball but Chamika Karunaratne was able to bring up the winning run after hitting Daniel Sams, who replaced an injured Richardson, away to square leg.

It means the Australian men's team fell just short of completing an undefeated international summer, with this loss going alongside the drawn Ashes Test at the SCG as a blemish.

Kusal Mendis and Dasun Shanaka in action for Sri Lanka in the fifth T20 against Australia. (Photo by WILLIAM WEST/AFP via Getty Images)

Like Friday night's contest, Sri Lankan fans packed out the Ponsford Stand at the city end of the ground to create an electric atmosphere amid a crowd of just 17,566.

Matthew Wade top-scored for Australia, smashing an unbeaten 43 from 27 balls, to boost the home side after a sluggish start.

"I thought we hung in there really nicely and those games kind of go your way or they don't," Wade said.

"The role I'm playing now, opportunities aren't going to come in thick and fast - it was in the same in the World Cup and it will be the same in the next few series.

"The position that I'm going to play just dictates that I just go out there and take the opportunities that I can."

with AAP

Click here to sign up to our newsletter for all the latest and breaking stories from Australia and around the world.

Home
NRL
AFL
Tennis
Cricket
Football
Rugby
Motorsport
Golf
Basketball
NFL
MLB
NHL
Boxing
MMA
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook
facebook-logo
instagram
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://au.sports.yahoo.com/cricket-2022-bizarre-detail-australian-t20-team-photo-021709984.html 
 ----- 
