Consent
Details
About
This website uses cookies

Cookies are used for the purpose of performing advertising and marketing activities on our sites.




These cookies work by identifying the browsers and devices of the user.




If you allow these cookies, we can provide you with personalized ads and a better advertising experience on our pages. While doing this, we would like to remind you that our aim is to provide you with a better advertising experience and that we make our best efforts to provide you with the best content and that advertising is our only income item to cover our costs.




In any case, if users do not enable these cookies, they will not receive targeted ads.




In order to provide you with a better service, our website uses cookies belonging to us and third parties. Various personal data of yours are processed through these cookies, and necessary cookies are used for the purpose of providing information society services. Other cookies will be used for limited purposes, subject to your explicit consent, to make our website more functional and personal as well as for advertising/marketing activities for you. You can set your cookie preferences through the panel below. To learn more about cookies, you can click on the Settings button and read our Cookie Information Text.

Consent Selection
Mandatory/Technical Cookies
Functional Cookies
Performance/Analytical Cookies
Advertising/Marketing Cookies
Deny
Allow selection
Allow all
SPORTS
FOOTBALL
BASKETBALL
MOTORSPORTS
TENNIS
Sri Lanka avoids Australia T20 clean sweep after Mendis knock
Sri Lanka batter Kusal Mendis in action against Australia in the fifth T20 match, Melbourne, Australia, Feb. 20, 2022. (AFP Photo)
BY REUTERS FEB 20, 2022 3:23 PM

Sri Lanka picked up a win Sunday to avoid a clean sweep at the hands of Australia in a five-match Twenty20 international series.

Opener Kusal Mendis struck an unbeaten 69 off 58 balls to help secure the consolation five-wicket victory.

The host side posted a middling 154-6 after opting to bat in Melbourne, but the Sri Lankan batters finally found their feet to reach 155-5 with one ball remaining, ending the series 4-1 in Australia's favor.

Mendis batted positively, but sensibly, with captain Dasun Shanaka (35) in an 83-run partnership which powered Sri Lanka to their first win against Australia in any format since 2017.

Seamer Kane Richardson took 2-28, but Australia's second-string bowling attack never looked threatening after conceding 54-2 in the powerplay.

"When we come to the World Cup (in October), we will be really prepared," Shanaka said. "We could have done better in this series."

Reduced to 13-2 after five overs, Australia struggled to build any partnerships of substance as Dushmantha Chameera (2-30) and Lahiru Kumara (2-34) troubled the batsmen with pace.

Aaron Finch's summer, in which the skipper scored 78 runs at a strike rate of 92, ended with a whimper when he was caught on eight.

Matthew Wade struck 43 not out in the back end of the innings to drag his side to a competitive score.

"It (154) probably just wasn't quite enough at the end," Finch said.

"Sri Lanka are a very dangerous side and to win four games in a row was really good."

Australia now prepares for its first test on Pakistani soil since 1998, scheduled to begin on March 4, while Sri Lanka's next assignment is a T20 series in India starting Thursday.

SHORTLINK COPIED
KEYWORDS
CRICKET
SRI LANKA
AUSTRALIA
T20
Half-time for Beijing Paralympics 2022
PHOTOGALLERY
POLITICS
TÜRKİYE
WORLD
BUSINESS
LIFESTYLE
ARTS
SPORTS
OPINION
PHOTO GALLERY
DS TV
   
JOBS
PRIVACY
ABOUT US
CONTACT US
RSS
© Turkuvaz Haberleşme ve Yayıncılık 2021
CLOSE AD
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailysabah.com/sports/sri-lanka-avoids-australia-t20-clean-sweep-after-mendis-knock/news 
 ----- 
