Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners Split Series Against Oakland Athletics Off Trio of Home Runs
Cal Raleigh, Julio Rodriguez and Luke Raley all hit home runs to lift the Seattle Mariners to a 6-4 win against the Oakland Athletics on Thursday.
Teren Kowatsch | Sep 5, 2024
Seattle Mariners catcher Cal Raleigh (29) is congratulated after hitting a home run against the Oakland Athletics on Thursday at Oakland Coliseum. / D. Ross Cameron-Imagn Images
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Oakland Athletics

The Seattle Mariners looked to have turned their fortune around.

Going into Wednesday — the Mariners were on a four-game losing streak and had dropped all contests by one run. Seattle was walked-off in three of them.

Since then, Seattle outscored the Oakland Athletics 22-7 in a pair of games. The latest was a 6-4 victory by the Mariners on Thursday. The win improved Seattle's record to 71-70 and moved it to 4.5 games behind the Houston Astros in the American League West. The Mariners also moved to five games behind the Kansas City Royals in the AL Wild Card standings.

The Mariners broke out in front early when Cal Raleigh hit a two-run homer to right field to put his squad up 2-0 in the top of the first.

Raleigh's homer was his 29th of the season and tied him with Rudy York for the second-most home runs by a catcher through their first four seasons in the league (88). Mike Piazza is first with 92.

Julio Rodriguez had Seattle's second home run of the day with a solo-shot to center field in the top of the third to bolster the Mariners' lead to 3-0.

Seth Brown got one back for the Athletics with an RBI sacrifice fly in the bottom of the inning.

Raleigh brought his third run of the day with a sacrifice fly of his own in the top of the fifth that scored Victor Robles. Robles' score gave Seattle a 4-1 advantage.

Brent Rooker cut the Mariners' lead back down to two in the bottom of the fifth with a solo home run in the bottom of the fifth.

Luke Raley got that run back plus tacked on another with a two-run long ball to center field in the top of the ninth. Raley's homer gave Seattle its final runs ever at Oakland Coliseum and a 6-2 lead.

The Athletics weren't done fighting and Rooker hit his second home run of the game — a two-run shot to center field for the eventual final of 6-4.

Andres Munoz struck out JJ Bleday to give Seattle its final win in Oakland.

The Mariners will wrap up their 10-game road trip with a three-game series against the St. Louis Cardinals.

Game 1 of the series will be at 5:15 p.m. PT on Friday. Bryce Miller will get the start.

Related Stories on Seattle Mariners

MARINERS ACES ON PACE TO MAKE HISTORY: Seattle Mariners starting pitchers Logan Gilbert and George Kirby continue to lead the league in an impressive category. CLICK HERE

MARINERS PUT UP SEASON-HIGH IN RUNS AGAINST ATHLETICS: The Seattle Mariners broke a four-game losing streak and put up a season-high in runs in a 16-3 win against the Oakland Athletics on Wednesday. CLICK HERE

RALEY PROVING HIS WORTH FOR SEATTLE: Seattle Mariners catcher Cal Raleigh could join Hall of Famer Gary Carter in a very exclusive category. CLICK HERE

Follow Seattle Mariners on SI on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady

Published Sep 5, 2024
TEREN KOWATSCH

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/cal-raleigh-julio-rodriguez-and-luke-raley-each-had-a-home-run-to-lift-the-seattle-mariners-6-4-win-over-oakland-athletics-on-thursday 
 ----- 
