Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
Sports Betting
Sportsbooks
Betting Apps
NFL
NBA
NHL
Editorial Standards
Fanatics
bet365
BetMGM
PrizePicks
DraftKings
Search
BREAKING NEWS
FBI Director Wray explains why he’s resigning, defends feds’ raid of Trump’s Mar-a-Lago
BETTING
Nationals vs. Marlins picks, best bets: MLB odds, predictions Tuesday
By Stitches
Published Sep. 3, 2024, 2:40 p.m. ET
Patrick Corbin beat the Yankees in his last start.
AP
Gambling content 21+. The New York Post may receive an affiliate commission if you sign up through our links. Read our editorial standards for more information.

USA! USA!

Joey Chestnut defeated Takeru Kobayashi in their Labor Day, hot dog eating showdown.

It wasn’t close. Final score, 83-66.

Even the ASPCA won’t put that many dogs down in 10 minutes.

The 83 franks wasn’t the only record set over the holiday weekend.

Angel Reese set a new WNBA rebound record. The 418 is still well short of J. Lo’s 528 rebounds.

Max Meyer gets the ball Tuesday at home against the Nationals.
Ron Chenoy-USA TODAY Sports

The Nats visit the Fish.

Miami’s Max Meyer is 0-2 in his past three starts, allowing 10 runs (and 9 walks) over 15 innings.

Patrick Corbin is 4-12 but has won two in a row, giving up one run over 12 innings.

Play $50 on the Nats (+100, BetMGM).

Learn all you need to know about MLB Betting
Read about the Best Baseball Betting Sites
Learn all about How to Bet on Baseball
Get the latest World Series Odds

This one was over before you could say “ketchup or mustard?”

Willy Adames hit a three-run homer in the opening frame off Andre Pallante and the Brewers went on to deck the Cards, 9-3.

What do you think? Be the first to comment.

The tater sent me outside to clean the grill.

Returned in time to watch Jackson Chourio’s grand salami.

Down -363 shishkabobs.

FILED UNDER MIAMI MARLINS  MLB BETTING  SPORTS BETTING  SPORTS PICKS  WASHINGTON NATIONALS  9/3/24
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/09/03/betting/nationals-vs-marlins-picks-best-bets-mlb-odds-predictions-tuesday/ 
 ----- 
