Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Ruiz's three-hit night evidence of hard work behind the scenes
Share
Ruiz's three-hit night evidence of hard work behind the scenes
September 4th, 2024

Paige Leckie

@paige_leckie
Share

0:00

0:23

MIAMI -- Keibert Ruiz has the potential to be a franchise backstop. Full stop. After all, there’s a reason the Nationals signed the then-24-year-old catcher to an eight-year deal in March 2023.

Between Ruiz’s growth defensively and Washington’s belief in his offensive power potential, there’s a lot of promise.

Ruiz showcased that power on Tuesday night, reaching base in three straight at-bats and finishing a triple shy of the cycle for the third time this season as the Nationals snagged their eighth win vs. the Marlins this season, 6-2, at loanDepot park.

“He laid off some pitches and got the ball up a little bit and just smoked some balls,” manager Dave Martinez said. “So it was good to see him have a good day today, really was. He's been working hard.”

It’s been a slower season for Ruiz, who set career highs in 2023 but has had trouble getting going consistently at the plate this year. Ruiz entered the series opener in Miami hitting .039 (1-for-26) in his past seven games and .216 on the season.

The Nationals aren’t in too much of a hurry for Ruiz to come into his power. One of the keys will be Ruiz lowering his chase rate, which is a career-high 38.4 percent -- almost 10 percentage points above the 28.5 percent league average. He’s already putting in the work in the batting cages, going through drills focused on plate discipline.

That work paid off vs. the Marlins. Ruiz’s double to lead off the third inning came on a first-pitch changeup toward the top of the zone. He smoked it a Statcast-projected 105.3 mph down the first-base line, just inside the bag, and came around to score on an RBI single from Jacob Young in the next at-bat.

In the fourth, Ruiz singled on a low-and-inside slider, the ball leaving his bat at 106.4 mph.

Then came Ruiz’s sixth-inning homer. His 13th long ball of the season, it left his bat at just 100 mph -- a far cry from either of his other base hits -- and soared into the visitors’ bullpen in right field.

Related
Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

These veteran backstops could bolster Nats' catching depth

November 13th, 2024

Ruiz, Call stay hot as Nats snap four-game skid

August 18th, 2024

Profar hits slam after confrontation with Ruiz empties benches

June 26th, 2024

“For me, with him, it's about just being consistent,” Martinez said. “He's got to learn what he did today and focus on doing that tomorrow. You know, today he laid off a lot of balls down, cut the ball up. He's really good at hitting the balls up. If he could continue to do that, you know, he could swing the bat.

“We all know he's got unbelievable bat-to-ball skills. I think he thinks he could hit every ball hard, you know, but he needs to understand the strike zone a little better.”

As Ruiz builds his consistency at the plate, he’s already found steadiness behind it. This season in particular, the Nationals have been impressed by the catcher’s development defensively, whether it be his game calling, his blocking or his framing.

The changes are evident in how Ruiz carries himself and in his focus on making sure his pitchers trust him. The time and energy Ruiz has put into developing relationships with his staff is paying off.

“It’s [one of those] things that a lot of fans of the game don’t really truly understand how important that is,” said starter Patrick Corbin, who struck out eight and allowed two runs over 5 2/3 innings. “Having those conversations between innings and things like that definitely can help throughout games. It’s something he’s been taking a lot of pride in this season, to try to get really familiar with these guys.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The numbers back up the qualitative aspects of Ruiz’s growth. He’s made just one error this season and turned a career-high eight double plays. He’s allowed just two passed balls, compared to eight last season -- in part because he started setting up on one knee instead of on two feet. The change also helped Ruiz snag more calls low in the zone. (He has zero catcher framing runs -- which can be considered league average, on par with All-Star catchers like the Royals’ Salvador Perez -- compared to -13 last season.)

And Ruiz isn’t carrying his offensive lows into his defense -- though there wasn’t much threat of that vs. the Marlins on Tuesday night. The only threat was of Ruiz demolishing Miami’s offerings.

“I really believe Keibert is a 20-, 25-home run guy,” Martinez said. “We've seen a little bit of it last year, but just putting the ball in play for him, I mean, hard -- you're gonna see that come out of him.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
Keibert Ruiz

Paige Leckie is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Could these FAs sign short, high average annual value deals?

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/keibert-ruiz-goes-3-for-4-with-a-homer-vs-marlins 
 ----- 
