Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Super Bowl 2025
NFL Playoff Bracket
Travis Kelce Taylor Swift
Josh Allen Hailee Steinfeld
Brittany Patrick Mahomes
Arch Manning
Will Howard Injury Update
Deion Sanders
Paige Bueckers
Angel Reese
Roki Sasaki Dodgers
Makhachev vs Topuria
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck 
Coco Gauff
Horoscope Today
Latest News
SSI Income Limit
FEMA Disaster Assistance
IRS Free File Trax Credits
Medicaid Donald Trump
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NCAA
News
College Basketball
College Football
NCAA
Miami QB brutally calls out Gator fans after shocking win, exposes harsh truth about 'The Swamp'

The Miami QB didn't think much of Gainesville

Cam Ward put on a Heisman-worthy performance at UFLAPRESSE
TA
Actualizado 02/09/2024 - 21:44 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NCAA. Pat McAfee addresses Nick Saban quitting ESPN College Gameday after suspicious move in viral video
NCAA. USC's Miller Moss targets LSU with gesture in leaked locker room video mocking Brian Kelly's team

In a commanding debut for the Miami Hurricanes, quarterback Cam Ward left Gainesville not just with a win, but with a few pointed observations about the supposedly intimidating atmosphere of The Swamp.

Ward's performance on Saturday was nothing short of stellar. Leading his team to a resounding 41-17 victory over the Florida Gators, the quarterback racked up over 400 yards and three touchdowns, silencing the crowd time and again. Despite the SEC's reputation for having some of the most hostile environments in college football, Ward didn't seem fazed by the challenge. Instead, he used the opportunity to send a message to Gator fans.

In a post-game interview, Ward offered advice that doubled as a critique: "If you're going to be loud, you have to be loud when we're huddling. By the time we break the huddle, it's too late. We've already communicated the play."

Ward's comment touches on a common misunderstanding among fans, who often reserve their loudest cheers for when the opposing team approaches the line of scrimmage. While this might create some noise, Ward suggests it's ineffective in disrupting a well-prepared offense. His words could be seen as a subtle jab, questioning whether the Gator faithful truly understand how to wield their home-field advantage.

https://nypost.com/2024/09/02/sports/chiefs-clyde-edwards-helaire-to-miss-four-games-amid-ptsdstruggles-with-ptsd/

But Ward didn't stop there. As he soaked in the victory, he made sure to let everyone know that The Swamp didn't quite live up to its fearsome reputation. Comparing the atmosphere to what he'd experienced in the PAC-12, Ward was less than impressed. "I played at USC, and even though it wasn't packed, it was louder than this. Oregon and Washington were definitely louder."

Ward cemented his place as a Heisman candidate

This wasn't just idle talk; Ward's numbers backed up his confidence. His ability to pick apart the Florida defense was evident throughout the game, leaving Gator fans with little to cheer about. In his first game as a Hurricane, Ward didn't just meet expectations-he exceeded them, showing why he was pegged as a preseason favorite for ACC Player of the Year.

MORE in MARCA
Meghan Markle'...
Marca
Ben Affl eck re...
Marca

While the win will certainly boost Miami's standings, Ward's comments are likely to linger with Florida fans long after the final whistle. The quarterback's critique raises questions about whether The Swamp's legendary status still holds, or if it's become more myth than reality.

In the end, Cam Ward left Gainesville with more than just a victory. He left with the last word, and it's one that Gator fans won't forget anytime soon.

NCAAF - English
Miami Hurricanes - English
NCAAGators staff seen in heated altercation with Miami players over recruits after embarrassing loss
NCAAUrban Meyer does not believe his former team can win without him as head coach
NCAAUSC's Miller Moss targets LSU with gesture in leaked locker room video mocking Brian Kelly's team
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Prince Harry confe sses to friends...
Marca
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bad eruit en veilig douchen? Binnen...
Vergelijk Portaal
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/ncaa/2024/09/03/66d62ba0268e3e6c2d8b45a4.html 
 ----- 
