Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Australia
Springboks Legend Makes Surprising Wallabies Statement But Questions Whether Joe Schmidt Can Deliver
Springboks legend makes surprising Wallabies statement but questions whether Joe Schmidt can deliver
Colin Newboult
02 Aug 2024 12:32 PM
1

Wallabies head coach Joe Schmidt and former Springboks centre Jean de Villiers.

Springboks great Jean de Villiers would like to see an Australian resurgence, but very much hopes it comes after the first two rounds of the Rugby Championship.

South Africa begin their tournament with a couple of matches against the Wallabies, who they face in Brisbane and Perth on August 10 and 17 respectively.

De Villiers has previously stated that Australia have no chance in that encounter if the Boks perform near the top of their game and it is hard to argue.

The Aussies endured a dreadful 2023 under Eddie Jones and, while new head coach Joe Schmidt has had a positive start, there is still much for him to work on.

Struggles since 2015

Jones’ disaster followed a tough few years following the 2015 Rugby World Cup final for the Wallabies, who have dropped away from the top teams.

As a result, De Villiers interestingly hopes that they can find the players to compete at the highest level once again.

“I really want Australian rugby to be strong,” the former Boks captain said on the Boks Office podcast. “We’re not going to shy away from the fact that they, rugby union in Australia, are under massive pressure to succeed because of the other sporting codes.

“The reality is that the results over the last two years or so have been poor. We as South Africa have everything to lose going there because we are expected to win.

Ad

“Looking at the bigger picture of where Australia is at and the World Cup being in Australia in 2027, we want Australia to get better, but we want that to happen only after we play them!

Schalk Burger echoed his former international team-mate, saying: “I don’t think I’ve ever said this or wished it but I want Australia to be stronger.”

Springboks: World Cup winning duo make timely injury returns ahead of Rugby Championship

Schmidt and Rugby Australia

Some believe that the highly respected Schmidt is the person to take the Wallabies back to the top of the world game, but De Villiers is not so sure.

Australian rugby has not just endured a difficult time on the field but also off it. Earlier this year, the Melbourne Rebels went into administration and were subsequently axed from Super Rugby Pacific at the end of the campaign.

The Rebels’ situation is a microcosm of the sport’s financial problems in Australia and the ex-Springboks back insists that Schmidt has his work cut out.

Ad
Who will win the Rugby Championship?
All Blacks
Springboks
Los Pumas
Wallabies

“Joe Schmidt is the man to improve Australian rugby but will he get them back on track to where they were in those golden years? I don’t think so because it’s not him, it’s the structure, it’s the whole organisation that I feel is not functioning,” De Villiers said.

“You throw away the Force and you get the Rebels back in, and then you bring the Force back and now the Rebels have gone.”

READ MORE: Boost for Wallabies as Tongan Thor decides on his club future

Australia
Jean de Villiers
Joe Schmidt
Schalk Burger
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
David Skippers
01 Jan 2025
Wallabies progress under Joe Schmidt receives blunt verdict from Laurie Fisher

Wallabies forwards coach Laurie Fisher gives his verdict on the team's recent progress under the guidance of head coach Joe Schmidt.

David Skippers
20 Dec 2024
Wallabies: Rookie front-row a shock selection for camp as part of Lions build-up

Wallabies boss Joe Schmidt has included a rookie front-row in a 40-man squad for a three-day training camp in Sydney in January.

David Skippers
13 Dec 2024
‘I think I’m seeing dead people’ – Ex-Springboks warn Bulls’ opponents about ‘life-changing’ Pretoria conditions

Schalk Burger, Jean de Villiers and Hanyani Shimange expect Northampton Saints to battle with the weather conditions when they face the Bulls in Saturday's Champions Cup clash in Pretoria.

Colin Newboult
12 Dec 2024
Springboks legends pick the best-placed South African team to go furthest in the Champions Cup ‘holy grail’

Jean de Villiers and Schalk Burger discuss who is best equipped to challenge in the Champions Cup this season.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
37
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
3 hours ago
England to face Rugby Championship opponent in two-Test series at same time as British & Irish Lions series
4 hours ago
‘A lot of guys in my position would have shot themselves’ – Elton Jantjies provides honest assessment on ‘psychological’ issues
5 hours ago
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
22 hours ago
25
‘One-armed’ England star was ‘pissed off’ last season but British and Irish Lions dream is now within reach
02 Jan 2025
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/springboks-legend-makes-surprising-wallabies-statement-but-questions-whether-joe-schmidt-can-deliver 
 ----- 
