Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NHL
NCAAM
NCAAW
UFC
Men's NCAA soccer
Women's NCAA soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
F1
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
UEFA Women's Champions League
Summary
Statistics
RMA
CHE
5:45 PM
Summary
Statistics
TWE
CEL
5:45 PM
Summary
Statistics
LYON
WOB
8:00 PM
Summary
Statistics
ROMA
GAL
8:00 PM
VIEW ALL
Coppa Italia
Summary
Statistics
JUV
CAG
8:00 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024-25 UEFA Nations League, Group Stage
SCO
0-1-3, 1 PTS
0
FT
POR
3-1-0, 10 PTS
0
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
More
Portugal put foot in quarterfinals despite draw with Scotland
1:41
Burley goes on epic Ronaldo rant

Craig Burley lets rip at Cristiano Ronaldo and the role he plays for the Portuguese national team.

ByReuters
Updated: Oct 15, 2024, 10:21 pm

Portugal all but sealed a berth in the Nations League quarterfinals with a 0-0 draw away to Scotland on Tuesday, the first points Roberto Martinez's side have dropped in their four games.

The Portuguese remain top of Group A1 with 10 points, three ahead of Croatia, who drew 3-3 away to Poland, while the Scots are bottom on one point. The third-placed Poles have four points with the top two in the group moving into the last eight.

Martinez said his men were missing "a bit of magic in the area".

"We had a lot of desire, we worked very well without the ball," the Spanish manager told Sport TV. "It was a dangerous game because we could have had possession, but Scotland needed very little to score a goal. We showed freshness, but we lacked freshness in the final third."

Portugal were on the front foot for most of the night but squandered chances including a sitter early in the second half for Cristiano Ronaldo, who had scored in their previous three games. Unmarked in the box, he put a diving header over the bar.

The 39-year-old Ronaldo earned another ironic cheer from Scotland's "Tartan Arm," when he sent a bicycle kick wide.

Asked if Portugal lacked a Plan B, Martinez said: "Our talent, our players, is plan A, B, C, D, E.

"We have players on the inside, on the outside, we're talking about a team that didn't take risks, that defended very well. We're talking about a team [Portugal] that got into the final third 53 times. We have to give credit to Scotland and to ourselves for managing to keep a clean sheet."

Cristiano Ronaldo reacts in frustration during Portugal's Nations League draw with Scotland.
Getty Images

The hosts also had chances on a night when they were plagued by careless turnovers as Scott McTominay narrowly missed with a header before the game was five minutes old.

Ben Doak laid the ball back to Andy Robertson and the captain found the unmarked McTominay with a pinpoint cross, but the midfielder headed it straight at goalkeeper Diogo Costa.

Scotland keeper Craig Gordon made a handful of terrific saves in the dying minutes against a swarming Portugal side.

The Hampden Park crowd erupted when Gordon dove to block a shot from Bruno Fernandes and then corralled the ball before Ronaldo could get there for the rebound.

Right-back Nicky Devlin came on for his Scotland debut in the 89th and was pressed into action minutes later when he made a brilliant block to deny Rafael Leão.

Ronaldo was irate at the final whistle when he was denied the chance to take a corner with the clock having ticked past four added minutes. He ranted to the referee and gave the home fans a double thumbs-down before storming off the pitch.

At least a draw at home to Poland on Nov. 15 would guarantee Portugal a place in the knockout round before they visit Croatia three days later in their final group game

While a point snapped Scotland's four-game losing run, they have gone 10 matches without a victory in competitive matches.

"It's not about turning a corner," Scotland boss Steve Clarke told reporters. "It's just about working hard and not letting the country down. You could see that tonight."

Game Information
Hampden Park
6:45 PM, October 15, 2024
Glasgow, Scotland
Line: POR -1.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 49,056
Referees:
Lawrence Visser
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/698982 
 ----- 
