Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
2 months ago
SportFootball
Scotland vs Portugal LIVE: Results and reaction after Scots snap losing run with battling draw

Scotland 0-0 Portugal: The Scots lifted the gloom with a strong defensive performance to frustrate Cristiano Ronaldo and co.

Jamie Braidwood
at Hampden
,
Harry Latham-Coyle
Tuesday 15 October 2024 22:17 BST
1
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
Loading ad
 
The Ronaldo Question - Martinez ponders involvement of Portugal star against Scotland

Scotland ensured they avoided the ignominy of a fifth defeat in a row as a battling draw was secured against Portugal in the Nations League.

Steve Clarke’s side are enduring a “tough” winless run that has now extended to ten games, but there was reason for optimism here in a gutsy defensive performance that frustrated Cristiano Ronaldo and the rest of array of visiting forwards. Ronaldo squandered a couple of sightings at goal, heading over in the second half having been left alone in the Scotland box, while Craig Gordon also denied Bruno Fernandes with a fine save.

The Scots have been hit by an injury crisis, as well as a run of late misfortune, but there was no twist at Hampden Park. They arguably had the game’s best chance in the opening ten minutes as Scott McTominay arrived in trademark fashion into the area, but the Napoli midfielder headed straight at Diogo Costa. A draw nonetheless leaves Scotland facing the prospect of relegation from the top tier of the Nations League.

Re-live all the action from Scotland vs Portugal in the Nations League below:

RECOMMENDED
Scotland earn a victory at last — they made Cristiano Ronaldo crack
SCOTLAND VS PORTUGAL LIVE: LATEST NATIONS LEAGUE UPDATES
Scotland draw with Portugal in Nations League
Steve Clarke’s side now 10 matches without a win but avoid record fifth-straight defeat
FT: Scotland 0-0 Portugal
HT: Scotland 0-0 Portugal
KICK OFF!
Show latest update
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 61 minutes

A triple change from Roberto Martinez: off go Diogo Jota, Joao Palhinha and Francisco Conceicao; on come Rafael Leao, Ruben Neves and Bernardo Silva. Handy options.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:06
Promoted stories
How Much Do Metal Roofs in the U.S. Cost in 2024?
ERIE HOME
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 58 minutes

Bruno Fernandes strikes the outside of the post direct from a corner, an apparent attempt to beat Craig Gordon always ambitious but, in the end, not far away.

Some Portuguese bibs are coming off.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:04
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 57 minutes

Howls of frustration around Hampden as Ryan Christie is unable to access a two-man overload on the left after bright play from John Souttar and Scott McTominay.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:03
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 56 minutes

Nuno Mendes dances past Anthony Ralston but loses the run of the ball as he foxtrots beyond the right-back, meaning his eventual cut-back is played from out of play.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:01
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 54 minutes

How long will the managers wait to change things? Roberto Martinez, particularly, has plenty of options lurking on his bench.

(Getty Images)
Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 20:59
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 52 minutes

Another big let-off for Scotland! Cristiano Ronaldo turns provider, drawing two to him and then slotting the ball back to Francisco Conceicao, but his effort is like a Samuel Marques conversion, sailing over the bar.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 20:58
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 50 minutes

Ben Doak is cut down in full flow by Joao Palhinha, who accepts a booking with no fuss. A heavy tumble for Doak leaves him testing out the motion in his joints, but all is in order as Andy Robertson readies to take the free kick.

It’s a good’un, too, bending dangerously into the Portugal box, but Diogo Costa is confidently out to batter away, and there’s a foul by a Scot elsewhere, anyway.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 20:56
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 48 minutes

Guided over! Cristiano Ronaldo falls to the floor in disbelief, unable to comprehend how he has managed to steer a free header from 10 yards over the crossbar. It’s the sort of opportunity he would usually bury...

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 20:54
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 46 minutes

Ryan Christie has had to do plenty of defensive work this season, so it won’t please him that a rare opportunity to get forward is squandered by an errant John Souttar pass.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 20:52
Promoted stories
Here's Why People Wash New Clothes (Avoid This Mistake)
EARTH BREEZE
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
2 months ago
Second half...

David Moyes is in the house, the former West Ham manager now a Uefa technical observer as he awaits his next job in front-line coaching. If Scotland’s miserable run continues...

The players are back out there.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 20:49
Newer
3
 / 8
Older
More aboutScotland footballPortugal FootballNations LeagueCristiano RonaldoSteve Clarke
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

1
Comments
	Promoted stories
Iowa: I Found Knee Pain Relief Using This Natural Alternative
Little-known method is taking the US by storm.
REJUVAKNEE | PAIN-FREE KNEES|Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value Of Your House Instantly [Take a Look]
HOME VALUE BY ADDRESS|Sponsored
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet CGM. Click here for safety information.
DEXCOM|Sponsored
Click Here
New Senior Apartments in Council Bluffs: Comfortable and Affordable (See Prices for 2024)
BESTSEARCHNOW | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based O...
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the needs of seniors. You can save...
CAR INSURANCE PLANS|Sponsored
CD Rates That Can't Be Ignore d
SAVINGS ACCOUNTS | TOP SEARCHER NOW|Sponsored
I Used This Phototherapy Brush and My Baldness Diminished in Just a Few Weeks
LUXGROW|Sponsored
NEWS
North Korean forces kill Russian troops as Putin loses ‘1,000 soldier...
NEWS
Former prison guard trainee is sente nced to death for killing 5 women ...
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
From Poland’s ‘iron dome’ to troops: How Europe is preparing for World War III
As Britain announces a review on defence spending, much of Europe is busy preparing for an act of war that would demand a Nato response
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
A 70-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All over.
LIBIYI|Sponsored
Get Offer
The Neck and Shoulder Heating Pad Is Taking Iowa By Storm
This neck and shoulder heating pad combines soothing heat therapy with gentle vibration massage to relieve muscle tension and discomfort.
PUBYFUN|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Trump mocked for geography snafu during press conference’
NEWS
Father and stepmother sentenced to life in prison for the murder of a...
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
NEWS
Girl, 12, charged with manslaughter of 80-year-old man in park
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/scotland-portugal-live-stream-score-result-b2629059.html?page=3 
 ----- 
