Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
2 months ago
SportFootball
Scotland vs Portugal LIVE: Results and reaction after Scots snap losing run with battling draw

Scotland 0-0 Portugal: The Scots lifted the gloom with a strong defensive performance to frustrate Cristiano Ronaldo and co.

Jamie Braidwood
at Hampden
,
Harry Latham-Coyle
Tuesday 15 October 2024 17:17 EDT
1
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
00:00
01:30
 
The Ronaldo Question - Martinez ponders involvement of Portugal star against Scotland

Scotland ensured they avoided the ignominy of a fifth defeat in a row as a battling draw was secured against Portugal in the Nations League.

Steve Clarke’s side are enduring a “tough” winless run that has now extended to ten games, but there was reason for optimism here in a gutsy defensive performance that frustrated Cristiano Ronaldo and the rest of array of visiting forwards. Ronaldo squandered a couple of sightings at goal, heading over in the second half having been left alone in the Scotland box, while Craig Gordon also denied Bruno Fernandes with a fine save.

The Scots have been hit by an injury crisis, as well as a run of late misfortune, but there was no twist at Hampden Park. They arguably had the game’s best chance in the opening ten minutes as Scott McTominay arrived in trademark fashion into the area, but the Napoli midfielder headed straight at Diogo Costa. A draw nonetheless leaves Scotland facing the prospect of relegation from the top tier of the Nations League.

Re-live all the action from Scotland vs Portugal in the Nations League below:

RECOMMENDED
Scotland earn a victory at last — they made Cristiano Ronaldo crack
SCOTLAND VS PORTUGAL LIVE: LATEST NATIONS LEAGUE UPDATES
Scotland draw with Portugal in Nations League
Steve Clarke’s side now 10 matches without a win but avoid record fifth-straight defeat
FT: Scotland 0-0 Portugal
HT: Scotland 0-0 Portugal
KICK OFF!
2 months ago
Scotland earn a victory at last — they made Cristiano Ronaldo crack

Scotland remain without a win but the losing run is over and there was the sight of another victory against Portugal, as Cristiano Ronaldo applauded sarcastically as he stormed down the tunnel at the end of this goalless draw at Hampden. Ronaldo’s frustration at being denied by a goalkeeper older than him, in the 41-year-old Craig Gordon, spilled over when Portugal were denied the chance to take an injury-time corner, with referee Lawrence Visser blowing his whistle as Bernando Silva and Bruno Fernandes jogged to the byline. As Ronaldo had been in Visser’s ear all night, the Belgian had presumably endured enough and wanted it over.

Scotland earn a victory at last — they made Cristiano Ronaldo crack

Scotland 0-0 Portugal: The star forward threw a tantrum at full time as Steve Clarke’s side ended their losing run with a goalless draw

Jamie Braidwood at Hampden Park15 October 2024 22:17
Promoted stories
Iowa: Controversial Changes Near Council Bluffs Leaves Drivers Fuming
PENNY PINCHER
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
2 months ago
FT: Scotland 0-0 Portugal

That’s Scotland’s first point in the top tier of the Nations League. Hard-earned it may have been, but that was a performance of real steel from Steve Clarke’s men.

In the group’s other game, Poland fought back from 3-1 down to snatch a draw against Croatia, who had Dominik Livakovic dismissed. It leaves three points separating each side from the next in the group: Portugal, Croatia, Poland, Scotland.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:50
2 months ago
FT: Scotland 0-0 Portugal

A furious Cristiano Ronaldo stomps away, angry Portugal were not granted a final corner to try to break the deadlock. It was unlikely to have mattered, such was the manner with which Scotland defender their goal this evening - resolute stuff from Craig Gordon and his defence.

Scotland had a couple of great chances to nick it, but a battling draw does at least provide some reason for optimism after a difficult period for Steve Clarke.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:42
2 months ago
FULL TIME: Scotland 0-0 Portugal
(Getty Images)
Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:40
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 90 + 3 minutes

And a foul in the Scotland box will allow the hosts to tick more time away as they near a gutsy draw.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:39
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 90 + 2 minutes

A super block from the debutant! Rafael Leao is left alone at the far post but Nicky Devlin dives desperately in front of his volley, ensuring the Scottish goal is not breached.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:38
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 90 minutes

Devlin watches a floated ball behind with Rafael Leao not in close enough attention to cause undue stress.

Four additional minutes to be played.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:36
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 89 minutes

The final two Portuguese changes are Nelson Semedo and Joao Felix, replacing Joao Cancelo and Vitinha respectively.

And here is a proud moment for Nicky Devlin, making his Scotland debut off the bench at right-back. A remarkable journey for the Aberdeen defender, who was released by Stenhousemuir a decade ago.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:35
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 87 minutes

What a stop from Craig Gordon! Rafael Leao leaves Anthony Ralston on the deck and cuts back to Bruno Fernandes, who strikes strongly with his side foot. Gordon manages to block with his body and has the presence of mind to smother the ball, denying Cristiano Ronaldo a tap-in.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:33
Promoted stories
How Much Do Metal Roofs in the U.S. Cost in 2024?
ERIE HOME
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
2 months ago
Scotland 0-0 Portugal, 86 minutes

Vitinha’s stepovers work room for a fierce shot, but a blocking John Souttar is equal to it.

Bernardo Silva’s flick deflects behind for a corner, which the midfielder rushes to take quickly. He finds former Manchester City colleague Joao Cancelo, who bends the ball beyond his assembled teammates in the box, forcing Portugal to reload.

Harry Latham-Coyle15 October 2024 21:31
Newer
1
 / 8
Older
More aboutScotland footballPortugal FootballNations LeagueCristiano RonaldoSteve Clarke
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

1
Comments
	Promoted stories
Wash New Clothes Before Wearing, Here's Why!
EARTH BREEZE|Sponsored
Learn More
Iowa: I Found Knee Pain Relief Using This Natural Alternative
REJUVAKNEE | PAIN-FREE KNEES|Sponsored
Learn More
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Learn More
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value Of Your House Instantly [Take a Look]
HOME VALUE BY ADDRESS|Sponsored
Easier Diabetes Management with Dexcom G7
DEXCOM|Sponsored
Click Here
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based O...
CAR INSURANCE PLANS|Sponsored
New Senior Apartments in Council Bluffs: Comfortable and Affordable (See Prices for 2024)
BESTSEARCHNOW | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
NEWS
North Korean forces kill Russian troops as Putin loses ‘1,000 soldier...
NEWS
Former prison guard trainee is sente nced to death for killing 5 women ...
I Used This Phototherapy Brush and My Baldness Diminished in Just a Few Weeks
LUXGROW|Sponsored
How Until I Kill You’s Delia Balmer survived living with a serial killer
The true story behind the ITV drama which sees Anna Maxwell Martin play a woman who escaped from her serial killer boyfriend – and was let down repeatedly by the system meant to protect her
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
A 70-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All over.
LIBIYI|Sponsored
Get Offer
NEWS
Girl, 12, charged with manslaughter of 80-year-old man in park
NEWS
Trump mocked for geography snafu during press conference’
The Neck and Shoulder Heating Pad Is Taking Iowa By Storm
PUBYFUN|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Russian forces edge closer to key Ukrainian city as Putin faces ‘massive cost’
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/scotland-portugal-live-stream-score-result-b2629059.html 
 ----- 
