Trending topics:
Premier League TV Schedule
Liga MX TV Schedule
La Liga TV Schedule
Serie A TV Schedule
Bundesliga TV Schedule
CONNECT WITH US
?
Ancelotti's Assurance: Real Madrid will claim La Liga title despite recent struggles
Ruben Amorim reveals key details on stars Rashford and Garnacho's absence in Manchester derby
HOW TO WATCH
How to watch Scotland vs Portugal on US TV and live streaming

by World Soccer Talk October 14, 2024

Here are all of the details of where you can watch Scotland vs Portugal on US television and via legal streaming:
WHO	Scotland vs Portugal
WHAT	UEFA Nations League
WHEN	2:45pm ET / 11:45am PT • Tuesday, October 15, 2024
WHERE	Fubo Sports Network
FREE TRIAL	WATCH NOW
How to watch anywhere with VPN
If you’re abroad, you may need to use a virtual private network (VPN) in order to watch games using your usual streaming service. A VPN, such as NordVPN, allows you to establish a secure connection online when streaming. If you are not sure which VPN to use, check out World Soccer Talk’s guide to the best VPNs for streaming soccer.
Martin hanging on to Southampton role after Spurs hammer them 5-0
With Fubo, you can watch Scotland vs Portugal and tons more soccer games with a 7-day trial. With the legal streaming service, you can watch the game on your computer, smartphone, tablet, Roku, Apple TV or hook it up to your TV with Google Chromecast.
Now with Fubo, you can stream USA Network, ESPN, ESPN2, CBS, CBS Sports Network, FS1, FS2, beIN SPORTS, beIN SPORTS en Español, beIN SPORTS Connect, beIN SPORTS XTRA, NBC (in select cities), CNBC, USA, FOX (in select cities), FOX Soccer Plus, FOX Deportes, Telemundo, Universo, Univision, TUDN, UniMas and Galavision.
Plus Fubo, the legal streaming service, also streams Liga MX, World Cup, Women’s World Cup, MLS, UEFA Champions League (in Spanish), Europa League (in Spanish), Primeira Liga, Ligue Un, World Cup qualifiers, NWSL, select USMNT games, select USWNT games, select Mexico games, select England games and more.
The Fubo app is available for Windows PC, Mac, Apple iPhones, Android phones, Amazon Fire TV, Android Mobile, Android TV, Apple TV, Chromecast, Hisense TVs, iOS devices, LG TVs, Samsung Smart TVs, Vizio Smartcast TVs and Xbox One.
Here are the steps to take to watch the game with your free Fubo trial:
1. Click on this link for the Fubo 7-day trial.
2. Click on the red ‘Start your free trial’ button (see screengrab below)

3. Click the “Next” button on the the next page. They you’ll enter your e-mail address to sign up (or you can use your Facebook or Google logins) (see screengrab below)

4. During the sign-up process, you’ll select your plan level and enter billing info – you won’t be charged until the 7-day trial is over (see screengrab below)

5. After signing up for the free trial, you’ll be taken to the Fubo main screen (see screengrab below)

6. From here, you can either scroll down the page to see the TV listings which include your game (see screengrab below)

7. Or you can click on the ‘Guide’ button at the top to see all of the channels available to you (see screengrab below)

SEE MORE: Schedule of Premier League games on US TV and streaming
Courtesy of World Soccer Talk, download a complimentary copy of The Ultimate Soccer TV And Streaming Guide, which features details on where to watch all of the leagues from around the world on US TV and streaming.
To find out when soccer games are on, download the free Soccer TV Schedules App which includes listings of all of the live soccer matches available in the United States (available on Apple iOS devices and Android devices).
Photo credit: Imago
200+ Channels With Sports & News
Starting price: $33/mo. for fubo Latino Package
Watch Premier League, Liga MX & Copa Libertadores
Browse Offers
The New Home of MLS
Price: $14.99/mo. for MLS Season Pass
Watch every MLS game including playoffs & Leagues Cup
Browse Offers
Many Sports & ESPN Originals
Price: $10.99/mo. (or get ESPN+, Hulu & Disney+ for $14.99/mo.)
Features Bundesliga, LaLiga, NWSL, & USL
Browse Offers
2,000+ soccer games per year
Price: $7.99/mo
Features Champions League, Serie A, Europa League & EFL
Try It Free
175 Premier League Games & PL TV
Starting price: $7.99/mo. for Peacock Premium
Watch 175 exclusive EPL games per season
Browse Offers
RELATED TOPICS
LATEST NEWS
Chelsea's firm stance: Enzo Fernández's future confirmed despite proposals from Barcelona and Real Madrid
Karim Benzema to break away from Cristiano Ronaldo: Saudi departure signals Real Madrid return—but there's a catch
Manchester United's investigation into team leaks puts Alejandro Garnacho in the spotlight
Mykhailo Mudryk of Chelsea tests positive for doping, leading to his departure from the club
Real Madrid waits for Trent Alexander-Arnold after reportedly rejecting 3 Liverpool contract offers
Lionel Messi delivers message to Barcelona stars Yamal and Lopez after Golden Boy awards
Lamine Yamal sets huge goals with Barcelona and Spain before aiming for Ballon d'Or
Time to go: Ruben Amorim's Manchester United pushes academy graduate Marcus Rashford toward exit
Who will claim the title of best African player in 2024 if not Salah or Mané?
Who ends the year as the world's most expensive and highest-paid player?
STREAMING OFFERS

Includes: Premier League + 84 Sports Channels

Sign Up

Includes: Bundesliga & La Liga

Sign Up

Includes: Champions League & Serie A

7-Day Free Trial

Includes: Premier League

Sign Up

Includes: every MLS game and Leagues Cup

Browse Offers

Want new articles, insider deals and TV schedules emailed daily to your inbox, FREE?

First Name
Email Address
Favorite League / Competition
Favorite Team
Subscribe
EDITORS’ PICKS
Ancelotti's Assurance: Real Madrid will claim La Liga title despite recent struggles
Carlo Ancelotti remains confident despite Real Madrid's 3-3 draw with Rayo Vallecano. He cited last season's La Liga triumph despite a similar result against Rayo and expressed optimism for 2025 with the return of injured players.
Ruben Amorim reveals key details on stars Rashford and Garnacho's absence in Manchester derby
Ahead of a crucial clash against Manchester City, Manchester United head coach Ruben Amorim made the surprising decision to exclude key players Marcus Rashford and Alejandro Garnacho from the squad.
How to watch Barcelona vs Leganés in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 La Liga
Discover how to watch Barcelona vs Leganés in the USA with live stream and TV details for the 2024-25 La Liga season.
How to watch Southampton vs Tottenham in the USA: Live Stream and TV for 2024-25 Premier League
Learn how to watch Southampton vs Tottenham in the USA with live stream and TV options for the 2024-25 Premier League season.
About World Soccer Talk
Meet the Team
Media Coverage
Apply As A Journalist
Privacy
Terms & Conditions
Editorial Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us

World Soccer Talk © 2024. Made in Florida.
World Soccer Talk, like Futbol Sites, is a company owned by Better Collective. All rights reserved. World Soccer Talk is reader-supported and may earn a commission through our partner links.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://worldsoccertalk.com/watch-on-us-tv/scotland-vs-portugal-on-us-tv-and-live-streaming/ 
 ----- 
