MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Arizona Diamondbacks bounced from postseason contention on their day off
By Noah Furtado
Sep 30, 2024

25

Snakes alive, no more.

The Arizona Diamondbacks were the odd team out in an aberrant National League wild-card race decided by a Mets-Braves doubleheader that added an extra day to the MLB regular season. The Mets won 8-7 in an instant classic to punch their postseason ticket in Game 1. Then the Braves beat a medley of Mets backups, including a Triple A pitcher, to take the third and final NL wild card.

And the Diamondbacks gathered at Chase Field to watch it all unfold beyond their control.

In the middle of manager Torey Lovullo’s statement Monday, the press-room lights abruptly gave way to pitch darkness. “Facility timers,” a staffer said.

The Diamondbacks were bounced from postseason contention on their day off, after all.

“This hurts,” said Lovullo, after he hugged players around the clubhouse in a Diana Taurasi jersey. “This is a really difficult situation that we’re all navigating through. You can’t really predict the way the season’s going to end and then you got to wait around an entire day to find out what your fate is. I’ve never experienced anything like that. I don’t think any of the guys did, either.”

Few expected the Diamondbacks to sneak in Monday amid a messy, makeshift conclusion. But the bottom line is they were the hottest team in baseball a month ago. The collapse that followed, of their own doing, left them on the outside looking in after 162.

On Aug. 28, the Diamondbacks held the top NL wild-card spot with a 46-14 record over a three-month span that helped them recover from a sluggish start. In the aftermath of their improbable run to the franchise’s second World Series appearance, they spent the first few months of this season under .500. And such a spell seemed to resurface in their final week.

A stretch of five losses in six games included a 10-9 road loss to the Brewers that marked Arizona’s largest blown lead in franchise history, along with two uncharacteristic shutout offensive performances against a middling Giants team and a Padres ballclub with nothing more to gain. 

The Diamondbacks still finished with 886 runs scored, the most in MLB ahead of the Dodgers, who were not a particularly close second with 842.

Solid campaigns by Ketel Marte and Christian Walker, a free agent this coming offseason, along with strong second-half production by Eugenio Suárez and Corbin Carroll carried the Diamondbacks to 89 wins, their most since 2017.

“That’s how competitive the league is,” Walker said of falling short in an 89-73 season after 84-78 was enough to prompt a World Series run. “It’s just one of those things. You can always look back and pick out games, pick out moments. … But it’s not about regrets or anything like that, it’s just wishing I had more time with my teammates.”

Ultimately, the Diamondbacks’ pitching proved to be an extreme limitation, ranking 29th in opponent batting average, 27th in ERA (4.62) and 27th in WHIP (1.35). Their 5.34 ERA in September was dead-last. Although relievers AJ Puk, Justin Martinez, Ryan Thompson and Kevin Ginkel were mostly reliable, a rotation led by Zac Gallen and Merrill Kelly performed inconsistently. And closer Paul Sewald being placed on the IL two weeks ago with neck discomfort only hurt one of the statistically worst staffs in MLB.

Gallen was the first of several players who spoke after hours of extra baseball inevitably led to the rustling of boxes and bitter goodbyes in the Diamondbacks clubhouse. But when given the opportunity to direct blame to others for a situation that was less than ideal, he took the high road, as did each of his teammates. 

“Who knew that a hurricane was going to happen?” Gallen said. “I mean, I think that’s more so the bigger picture of this. … For me to get mad about a natural disaster when people are worried about other things would be a little tone-deaf. The more disappointing part is that we to a certain extent, for the most part, controlled our own destiny. But we didn’t go out there, we didn’t execute.”

(Top photo of Corbin Carroll: Norm Hall / Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Noah Furtado was a student intern covering MLB for The Athletic. Noah will graduate from Arizona State University in the Fall of 2024. He has previously interned at the Star Tribune and the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, with freelance experience at the Los Angeles Times and the San Francisco Chronicle. Noah is an alumnus of the Sports Journalism Institute, and originates from Kaneohe, HI. Follow Noah on Twitter @_noahfurtado

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
California Notices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5807646/2024/09/30/diamondbacks-eliminated-from-mlb-contention/ 
 ----- 
