Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Here's what we learned from D-backs' 2024 season
Share
Here's what we learned from D-backs' 2024 season
Arizona improved by 5 wins from 2023, but 'we should have made the playoffs'
October 1st, 2024

Steve Gilbert

@SteveGilbertMLB
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

PHOENIX -- There will be a day when D-backs general manager Mike Hazen and manager Torey Lovullo look back at the 2024 season and remember the progress that was made and the five-win increase from '23.

That day was certainly not Tuesday, when the pair sat down for their annual end-of-the-season media session, the sting of missing the postseason by a single game still needing to be processed. The D-backs had shown up to Chase Field on Monday with their bags packed for Milwaukee, needing either the Mets or Braves to sweep their doubleheader in order to make the postseason. Instead, Arizona watched in the clubhouse as the two teams split the twin-bill.

"We should be in Milwaukee, and we're not," Hazen said. "And we play this game to play in the playoffs. We're aware that we improved our win total by five, year over year, and there's something there, but this is a fairly binary situation in my mind, which I know is not what everybody really wants to hear, but it is. Torey and I share similar sentiments on this, that we should have made the playoffs, and we didn't. And it's pretty disappointing, quite frankly."

Here's a look back at the 2024 season:

Defining moment
For the second straight year, the D-backs faltered in the final week of the season, and while their four-game losing streak to end 2023 didn't prevent them from making the postseason, losing five of their last seven in '24 did.

One more win was all the D-backs needed, and if there is one game they will all look back on with regret it will be the Sept. 22 game at Milwaukee when they let an 8-0 lead morph into a 10-9 loss. Arizona then returned home and lost two straight games to the Giants.

"Coming back home from Milwaukee on that day, I was very curious to see how this team would respond," Lovullo said. "And we had a couple days where I think we were hungover, so that's something I wish we had cycled through. But I think something happened to this team from that game. That's my gut feel."

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

4:32 PM UTC

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Marte's brilliant 2024 ends with third-place finish for NL MVP Award

November 22nd, 2024

The case for each of this year's MVP Award finalists

November 21st, 2024

What's on deck for the D-backs in 2025?

January 2nd, 2025

12 under-the-radar relievers who could dominate October

September 17th, 2024

What we learned
The D-backs have a core of players they can continue to build on, and despite missing the postseason, this is arguably a better team on paper than last year's version.

Corbin Carroll battled back from a brutal start to the year to finish with good numbers and will be a force in the lineup for years to come. Ketel Marte built off his 2023 NLCS MVP Award to reaffirm he's one of the best players in the game.

Young pitchers like Brandon Pfaadt and Ryne Nelson took big steps and should be fixtures in the rotation going forward.

Best development
Hazen has long lamented the lack of consistency from the offenses he's built since taking over after the 2016 season. But in '24, the offense jelled and led all of baseball in runs scored.

While free agents like Joc Pederson, Randal Grichuk and Christian Walker could depart, there is still plenty of firepower left, including third baseman Eugenio Suárez, whose $15 million option almost certainly will be picked up for 2025.

Area for improvement
On paper, Arizona's rotation looked formidable entering the season. When Jordan Montgomery signed the day after Opening Day, it gave the D-backs six starters they felt they could rely on with Zac Gallen, Merrill Kelly, Eduardo Rodriguez, Pfaadt and Nelson.

Injuries and struggles by Montgomery hampered the D-backs throughout the season, and what was thought to be a strength turned into their biggest weakness. If Montgomery exercises his player option, the D-backs figure to bring the same cast back for next year and will have to hope they are healthier and perform more as expected.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

On the rise
Right-hander Justin Martinez showed more command of his 100-plus mph fastball and devastating split. He's got future closer written all over him, and with free agent Paul Sewald's expected departure, Martinez is someone who could hold that role down going forward.

Team MVP: Ketel Marte
Marte was a legitimate NL MVP Award candidate until missing nearly a month from August into September. He played the best defense of his career, while also carrying the offense at times.

“His skill set is pretty rare in the game,” Hazen said. “I mean, being a switch-hitter who’s proficient at both sides, plays in the middle of the diamond ... you just don't run across players like that all that often."

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
Ketel Marte
Corbin Carroll
Justin Martinez

Senior Reporter Steve Gilbert has covered the D-backs for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

7:25 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/dbacks-2024-season-review 
 ----- 
