 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Business
Records
Obituaries
Sports
Troy University
Charles Henderson High
Pike County High
Pike Liberal Arts
Goshen High
Zion Chapel
Lifestyles
Opinion
Contests
Christmas Movie Showdown
Social Media
Facebook
Twitter
Special Sections
2024 Graduation Magazine
The Catch 2023 Football Edition
The Catch 2023 Baseball Edition
Progress 2023
Classifieds
Services
About Us
Policies
Submit
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Submit A Classified Advertisement
Submit a Letter to the Editor
E-Edition
Public Notices
Former Trojan Brandon Lockridge earns first MLB home run

Published 3:02 pm Monday, September 30, 2024

By Josh Boutwell

On Sept. 28, former Troy Trojan Brandon Lockridge belted his first career home run in the Major Leagues.

Lockridge, who was an All-Sun Belt and Rawlings Gold Glove athlete at Troy from 2016 through 2018, spent seven seasons in Minor League Baseball before being called up to the San Diego Padres’ Major League roster earlier in September.

He’s made 12 appearances at the plate so far with the Padres and on Saturday, he hit a solo home run in San Diego’s 5-0 win over the Arizona Diamondbacks in the regular season series finale.

Sign up for our daily email newsletter

Get the latest news sent to your inbox

Lockridge was drafted in the fifth round of the 2018 MLB Draft by the New York Yankees, becoming the sixth Trojan ever to be selected in the first five rounds of the draft. During his career in the minors, Lockridge played for the Staten Island Yankees (A-) and GLC Yankees West (Rookie) in 2018, the Charleston RiverDogs (Single A) in 2019 and both the Somerset Patriots (AA) and Hudson Valley Renegades (A+) in 2021. In 2022, he played for Somerset and then made the move to AAA – the highest level of play in the minors – for the Scranton/Wilkes-Barre RailRiders. Lockridge started 2024 with Scranton/Wilkes Barre, playing 72 games there. He had been a member of the Yankees’ minor league for his entire career before being traded to the Padres in July of 2024. He then began playing for the Padres’ AAA affiliate, El Paso. In 32 games with the Chihuahuas he’s boasted a .325 batting average with a .423 slugging percentage and .420 on-base percentage. He’s earned six doubles, two homers, 13 RBIs and 24 runs. He became the first Trojan since 2016 to be called up the “Big Leagues.”

Lockridge and the Padres will play in the NL Wild Card Series Oct. 1-3.

 

MORE SPORTS
TB&T Athletes of the Week (12/13-12/19)
CHHS Wrestling hosts tri-match with Brewbaker Tech and Park Crossing
Troy women capture bronze at Cherokee Tournament with win over SEC’s Arkansas
City of Troy hosts World Series Ring Ceremony for Troy Post 70
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
Buy Tickets for Los Angeles Kings vs. Nashville Predators on December 21

When the Los Angeles Kings meet the Nashville Predators at Bridgestone Arena on Saturday (the puck drops at…

How to Watch SWAC College Basketball Games – Saturday, December 21

There are five games on the college basketball schedule on Saturday that feature SWAC teams. That includes the…

How to Watch Sun Belt College Basketball Games – Saturday, December 21

Saturday’s college basketball slate includes six games with Sun Belt teams in action. Among those contests is the…

How to Watch Troy vs. Georgia State on TV or Live Stream – December 21

The Georgia State Panthers (4-7, 0-0 Sun Belt) will try to turn around a four-game losing streak when…

Lakers vs. Hawks Tickets Available – Friday, Jan. 3

The Atlanta Hawks (14-14), on Friday, January 3, 2025 at Crypto.com Arena, face the Los Angeles Lakers (15-12).…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Polls

What is your favorite thing about the Summer?

 Cookouts
 Swimming
 No School
 Vacations
 Other

View Results

Friends to Follow
Calendar of events
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Lifestyles
Obituaries
Business
Small Business
Services
About Us
Subscriptions
Policies
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Birth Announcement
Birthday Announcement
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Copyright
© 2024, The Troy Messenger
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.troymessenger.com/2024/09/30/former-trojan-brandon-lockridge-earns-first-mlb-home-run/ 
 ----- 
