NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Diamondbacks rout Padres, await Mets-Braves doubleheader to find out playoff fate
Associated Press
September 30, 2024 - 12:56am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-09:473073bdfba77aa7f53d9492 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Ketel Marte, Randal Grichuk, and Eugenio Suarez homered to keep the Arizona Diamondbacks' post-season hope alive with an 11-2 victory over the San Diego Padres.
1 comments

PHOENIX — Ketel Marte’s two-run homer capped a six-run fourth inning and the Arizona Diamondbacks stayed alive in the National League wild-card race with an 11-2 rout of the playoff-bound San Diego Padres in their regular-season finale on Sunday.

Arizona finished 89-73 and won't know if it reaches the postseason until a makeup doubleheader Monday between the New York Mets and Atlanta Braves, who are both 88-72. If either team sweeps, the Diamondbacks reach the playoffs but if the doubleheader is split, the Mets and Braves advance and Arizona is out.

San Diego (93-69) won't learn its Wild Card Series opponent until Monday.

Luis Arraez of the Padres doubled in the sixth inning to finish 1 for 3 and move to the verge of his third consecutive batting title at .314. He would be the first since 1900 to win three batting titles with three different teams.

Brandon Pfaadt (11-10) allowed two runs and three hits in 5 1/3 innings with nine strikeouts for the Diamondbacks, who had lost five of six.

Ryne Nelson, activated from the injured list on Friday, pitched three innings for his first big league save, finishing a four-hitter.

Elias Díaz's RBI double in the second put San Diego ahead.

Christian Walker’s double began a run of five straight hits in the fourth off Martín Pérez (5-6). Eugenio Suárez’s single drove in Walker and gave him 100 RBIs for the season.

Jake McCarthy's run-scoring single, Gabriel Moreno’s RBI double and Geraldo Perdomo's run-scoring grounder built a 4-1 lead, and Marte hit his 36th homer, a drive into the left-field second deck.

Pérez gave up six runs and eight hits in 3 2;3 innings.

Suárez hit his 30th homer off Matt Waldron to dead center field leading off the sixth and Randal Grichuk connected for his 12th with a man aboard in the eighth, also off Waldron.

Arizona finished with five more wins than last year, when they earned the last wild card and reached the World Series, where they lost to Texas.

Elias Diaz and Jake Cronenworth drove in the runs for the Padres, who won 11 more games than last year and finished with their second-highest total behind 98 by the 1998 NL pennant winners.

A crowd of 38,892 gave Arizona a season attendance of 2,341,876, the Diamondbacks’ highest total since 2008 when they drew 2,509,924.

UP NEXT

Padres: Host a wild card series beginning Tuesday.

Diamondbacks: Await the results of Monday’s make-up doubleheader between the Mets and Braves.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
MLB playoff picture: Who will take final two NL wild-card spots?
Lindor homers, Mets blank Brewers behind Peterson to move one win from wild card
MLB NEWS
MLBBen Nicholson-Smith
What arb deadline means for Jays, Guerrero Jr.
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: Deals ahead of deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MLBSportsnet Staff
Mariners claim P Hagen Danner from Blue Jays
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBAssociated Press
Padres' Seidler denies allegations of wrongdoing
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/diamondbacks-rout-padres-await-mets-braves-doubleheader-to-find-out-playoff-fate/ 
 ----- 
