SCORES
LATEST
News and Features
News
Transfers
Opinion
Analysis
Power Rankings
Player Ratings
Winners & Losers
GOAL USA SOCIAL
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
GOAL USA Video
The Rondo
Studs Up
Kit Collector
GOAL Global Social
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
Culture and Lifestyle
GOAL Champions
GOAL Editions
Culture
Kits
Boots
Buyers' Guides
Gaming
Quizzes
COMPETITIONS
Leagues & Cups
MLS
NWSL
Premier League
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Liga MX
UEFA Champions League
USL Championship
USL Super League
2025 FIFA Club World Cup
2026 FIFA World Cup
Clubs
Inter Miami
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Manchester City
Manchester United
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
AC Milan
Juventus
PSG
Wrexham
International
USMNT
Canada
Mexico
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Chile
England
Spain
France
Italy
Germany
Women's Football
Latest news
USWNT
NWSL
USL Super League
UWCL
WSL
PLAYERS
Lionel Messi
Christian Pulisic
Alex Morgan
Cristiano Ronaldo
Kylian Mbappe
Erling Haaland
Tim Weah
Weston McKennie
Sophia Smith
Trinity Rodman
Folarin Balogun
Giovanni Reyna
BETTING
INDIVISA
MUNDIAL
STREAMING
Schedule, Channels & more
TV Schedule
Where to Watch
Streaming services
Sling TV
Fubo TV
Apple TV+
Paramount+
DirecTV
ESPN+
Hulu+
Peacock TV
Best VPN Services
Best Streaming Services
Best Streaming Devices
Best Cable Providers
GOALSTUDIO
Getty/GOAL
James Hunsley
Mar 26, 2024 21:57+00:00
France player ratings vs Chile: Kylian Mbappe goes missing as Randal Kolo Muani inspires Les Bleus to comeback win
Player ratings
France
K. Mbappe
R. Kolo Muani
FEATURES
France vs Chile

Didier Deschamps' star striker was outshone by his Paris Saint-Germain team-mate as the Euros favourites ended the international break on a high

Randal Kolo Muani scored one and assisted another as France celebrated a 3-2 friendly victory over Chile on Tuesday, with Kylian Mbappe enduring a night to forget.

It was a familiar start for Les Bleus as they conceded early for the second successive game when a well-worked Chile move was finished coolly by Marcelino Nunez. Unlike against Germany on Saturday, however, France bounced back - and it didn't take long.

The home side got back on terms less than 15 minutes later thanks to Youssouf Fofana's deflected effort from range. From there, Didier Descamps' side appeared to turn the screw, and set about punishing Chile for their increasingly open back line. Theo Hernandez made the most of his acres of space to find Kolo Muani, who rose highest to marks his return to the France XI with a goal.

Article continues below

Chile came out flying after half-time but wasted their early pressure, with Eduardo Vargas inexplicably hitting the post with a free header from close-range. And he was made to pay shortly after, when man-of-the-moment Kolo Muani tied Chile in knots before setting up Olivier Giroud for his 57th France goal.

But Chile weren't done there, as 20-year-old Dario Osorio got his team back into the game with a stunning effort from long-range to make it a nervy finish for the two-time world champions. In the end, though, they held on to return to winning ways.

GOAL rates France's players from the Orange Velodrome...

Getty Images
Goalkeeper & Defence

Mike Maignan (6/10):

Almost an impossible performance to gauge. Conceded twice but could do nothing about either goal, not really tested otherwise.

Jonathan Clauss (N/A):

Barely got into the game before being substituted on 11 minutes. Not an ideal return to the Velodrome for the Marseille man.

William Saliba (6/10):

Offered a rare start after Deschamps' criticism earlier in the week and hard to say he properly took it. Arguably should have scored from a first-half corner and was caught napping at the back at times. That said, he denied Brereton-Diaz at the death with a stunning last-ditch challenge.

Ibrahima Konate (5/10):

Made up a leaky defence alongside Saliba that was France's weakest area on the night. His poor positioning should have been punished by Vargas in the second half, who missed an absolute sitter to make it 2-2.

Theo Hernandez (7/10):

Crafted a superb assist for Kolo Muani's goal, even if he was afforded plenty of space. Regularly bombed forward as is the custom and constantly looked a threat. Almost scored a stunner off the back of a run spanning the length of the field, but was let down by a tired finish.

Advertisement
Getty Images
Midfield

Youssouf Fofana (7/10):

He is on fire at international level having scored his third goal in four games for Les Bleus. Was involved in much of his side's attacks going forward, linking defence and attack well with some fine passing.

Aurelien Tchouameni (5/10):

Surprisingly weak in defence when attacked by Chile directly, perhaps missing his Madrid team-mate Camavinga in support after his untimely injury. Miscued a number of simple passes, suggesting fatigue may be an issue.

Eduardo Camavinga (6/10):

Had played fairly well until his unfortunate injury that saw him substituted just before half-time after twisting his left leg awkwardly under a challenge.

Getty Images
Attack

Randal Kolo Muani (8/10):

Talk about seizing your chance! Back in the XI after missing out against Germany, he certainly proved his worth. A towering header in the first half was followed by a stunning assist for Giroud in the second. Absolutely lightning on the break, with Chile resorting to countless fouls to try and stop him.

Olivier Giroud (6/10):

Typically efficient in the build-up, getting his more dangerous strike partners into decent positions. Left largely frustrated with his own efforts until Kolo Muani put it on a plate for him in the second half.

Kylian Mbappe (5/10):

Wasn't welcomed with the boos he had predicted pre-game but also didn't give the fans too much to cheer about either. Didn't hit the target from any of his three attempts, missing several from close-range. A wholly disappointing outing.

Getty Images
Subs & Manager

Jules Kounde (6/10):

Brought on much earlier than anticipated after Clauss' injury. Showed great link-up with Kolo Muani but faltered in the final third at times.

Matteo Guendouzi (5/10):

Came on to rapturous applause, returning to his former home in Marseille. A categoric downgrade from Camavinga, though, offering much less support to Tchouameni.

Moussa Diaby (N/A):

Replaced Kolo Muani for his first cap in over a year, but too late to make an impact.

Marcus Thuram (N/A):

Came on alongside Diaby but, again, too late to affect the game.

Didier Deschamps (6/10):

After a sluggish start and with two injury-enforced changes to contend with, his side responded fairly well, but beating No.42-ranked Chile by a solitary goal will not entirely please the France boss. That said, Kolo Muani's display will surely give him food for thought ahead of Euro 2024, as he looks to make that left forward spot his own.

Contact Us
Advertise
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
Careers
Goal App (Android)
Goal App (iOS)
Goal Live
Betting
USA
International (English)
Arabic (العربية)
Argentina (Español)
Australia (English)
Bahrain (English)
Brasil (Português)
Cameroon (English)
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Egypt (العربية)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Ghana (English)
Hungary (Magyar)
India (English)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italy (Italiano)
Japanese (日本語)
Kenya (English)
Korea (한국어)
Kuwait (English)
Malaysia (English)
Mexico (Español)
Nigeria (English)
Oman (English)
Qatar (English)
Saudi Arabia (العربية)
Saudi Arabia (English)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Spain (Español)
Tanzania (English)
Thailand (ไทย)
Turkiye (Türkçe)
Uganda (English)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
USA (English)
Vietnam (Tiếng Việt)
Copyright © 2024 Goal All rights reserved. The information contained in Goal may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Goal

We've Got You Covered!

From today's best stories in soccer to handpicked exclusive features -- all direct to your inbox.

Your email
I accept Footballco’s Terms Of Use and its Privacy Policy.
Sign up to the GOAL newsletter!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goal.com/en-us/lists/france-player-ratings-vs-chile-kylian-mbappe-randal-kolo-muani/bltdad387e976f24df1 
 ----- 
