Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
'Security for India-Pakistan clash comparable to US president Barack Obama visit' - Nassau County police
Mohit Khakhar
08-06-2024
•
4 min read
BET ON T20 WC 2024

FOR THE BEST ODDS AND OFFERS

ON ALL THE MATCHES

CLICK HERE TO MAKE YOUR BET

The most-anticipated t20 World Cup 2024 clash between India and Pakistan will take place at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium on Sunday, June 9.

Even historically, the high-voltage India-Pakistan matches have taken place amidst heightened security measures. Since the USA is hosting a cricket tournament of this stature for the very first time, they will want to make sure that the match takes place without incident.

The Nassau County police has assured complete safety of all parties involved with the blockbuster clash. Security officials said that the security measures for the India-Pakistan game were on par with Barack Obama's visit to the Nassau County when he was the US president.

BET NOW: Exclusive sign-up offers and bonuses when you bet on T20 World Cup action

What are the security arrangements in New York ahead of India-Pakistan game?

The top-level security officials of Nassau County, faced the media ahead of the India vs Pakistan game. The duo were asked about the growing concerns of a rumoured terror attack in the area. The police have dismissed the rumours of any such mishap.

"None of this is unanticipated. Every time you have an event of this magnitude, it will attract threats. We will leave no stone unturned to keep everyone safe. We have the best of intelligence. We are very confident," Nassau County Executive Bruce Blakeman said at the event.

MORE: What is West Indies all-rounder Dwayne Bravo's role in Afghanistan's T20 World Cup team?

The Nassau County Commissioner of Police, Patrick Ryder, spoke about the security arrangements for the most anticipated clash of the T20 World Cup 2024. The Nassau County police would go over and above their limits to ensure utmost safety inside the region.

"We have over 100 extra patrols, over and above the 250 patrols who are out there on a normal day. We are making sure that targets like houses of worship, small businesses in the area and malls are being covered,” Ryder said.

Personnel from Nassau County, neighbouring Suffolk County, New York State, and FBI, are also expected to be in the security troops to maintain safety of all fans and players on the match day.

Security measures for T20 World Cup India vs Pakistan clash on par with Barack Obama's visit?

The Police Commissioner compared the security measures in place for the marquee India-Pakistan World Cup clash with those deployed for US president Barack Obama's visit:

"The sport of cricket may be new to us, but providing security is not. The scale and magnitude of the security for this India-Pakistan match will be more compared to when we hosted the USA President Barack Obama some years ago,” Ryder said.

When is the India vs Pakistan game at T20 World Cup 2024?

The India vs Pakistan clash at the T20 World Cup 2024 will be held on June 9, 2024. The fans all over the world would be served with the best of the cricket on Sunday. 

The two teams will clash at the Nassau County International Cricket Stadium in New York. The proceedings will kickstart at 20:00 hours IST.

MORE: How Afghanistan became giant-slayers at Cricket World Cups

CLICK HERE FOR EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BETTING OFFERS

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Mohit Khakhar

Mohit Khakhar is a content producer for The Sporting News India.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/india-pakistan-security-comparable-us-president-barack-obama-visit-nassau-county/1b9ec96924cbba3e4aa8dbee 
 ----- 
