Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
nav_close_menu
Euro 2024
Schedule
Results
Rankings
SPORTS
EURO 2024
France-Portugal: Les Bleus overcome the trauma of penalty shootouts

The French soccer team, which once again proved lackluster offensively, qualified for the Euro semi-finals after a perfectly controlled penalty shootout (0-0, 5 penalties to 3).

By Alexis Delcambre

Published on July 6, 2024, at 3:14 pm (Paris) 

4 min read

 
Lire en français

Subscribers only

Théo Hernandez celebrates his successful penalty, which led to France's qualification for the Euro semi-finals, with goalkeeper Mike Maignan, in Hamburg, July 5, 2024. ANDREEA ALEXANDRU / AP

A little after 11:30 pm in Hamburg (Germany), France and Portugal were about to go head-to-head in a penalty shootout, after a Euro 2024 quarter-final match in which neither team yielded a single goal (0-0). On the edge of the pitch, the French players were gathered around their coach, Didier Deschamps. Brief words and looks were exchanged. The unknown factor of how each player's fitness was holding up after 120 minutes of play, the sensations, the levels of fear. Five kickers had to be selected. Who was feeling up to it?

Michael Oliver, the English referee, announced that it would take place in front of the corner occupied by the Portuguese supporters: The French team would have to shoot facing them. They would also have to face Portuguese goalkeeper Diogo Costa, the boogeyman of the tournament: In the previous round, against Slovenia, he saved three consecutive penalties, an unprecedented performance at a Euro championship. The final challenge for Les Bleus would lie in overcoming their own demons, after two painful defeats in penalty shootouts: One against Switzerland, in the Round of 16 of Euro 2021, and the other against Argentina, in the finals of the 2022 World Cup.

You have 82.18% of this article left to read. The rest is for subscribers only.

Subscribe to continue reading.
Get unlimited access to Le Monde in English
€2.49/month, cancel anytime
Subscribe now
Already a subscriber? Sign in
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/sports/article/2024/07/06/france-portugal-les-bleus-overcome-the-trauma-of-penalty-shootouts_6676867_9.html 
 ----- 
