Advertisement
JP NEWSLETTER ISRAEL NEWS HEALTH & WELLNESS WORLD NEWS MIDDLE EAST
Login
Jerusalem Post  World News
France advances to Euro 2024 semifinals in penalty shootout victory over Portugal
France reached the Euro 2024 semifinals with a dramatic 3-5 penalty shootout win over Portugal, ending Cristiano Ronaldo's championship run without a goal.
By WALLA! SPORTS
JULY 7, 2024 02:28
   
Soccer Football - Euro 2024 - Quarter Final - Portugal v France - Hamburg Volksparkstadion, Hamburg, Germany - July 5, 2024 Portugal and France players walk out before the match.
(photo credit: REUTERS/ANNEGRET HILSE)

The French national team advanced on Friday night to the semi-finals of Euro 2024 after a dramatic 3-5 victory on penalties against Portugal.

The two teams played against each other in Hamburg, vying for a single spot at the tournament's final four. The game ended 0-0 after 120 minutes before Les Bleus triumphed on penalties.

France will face Spain in the semi-finals on Tuesday, while Portugal and Cristiano Ronaldo were eliminated in CR7's final game in the European Championships.

Ronaldo played a central role during the match, and unlike the game against Slovenia, he did not make a huge splash in Portugal's game; he was hardly noticeable. William Saliba and Daioh Opamkano overshadowed the legendary striker, and when he found areas with more freedom, he failed to do anything major. His teammates did create chances for him, but he missed each time.

Ronaldo ended the tournament without a goal, leaving bitter memories of frustration, anger, and disappointment. It is impossible to know how the match would have ended if another striker had played alongside stars like Bernardo Silva, Raphael Leão, Rúben Dias, Bruno Fernandes, and others. 

The match showed that Portugal was better than France, but lacked a striker who could up make the difference.

Soccer Football - Euro 2024 - Quarter Final - Portugal v France - Hamburg Volksparkstadion, Hamburg, Germany - July 5, 2024 France's Mike Maignan celebrates with teammates after winning the penalty shootout. (credit: REUTERS/WOLFGANG RATTAY)

Pepe, at 41, played his final European Championship game on Thursday night, ending it in tears. The defender excelled against some strong players, stopping threats like Kylian Mbappé, though it was not enough.

France edges Portugal in intense battle

The first half of the match was weak, arguably even disappointing. Both teams played cautiously, focusing more on not conceding than scoring. Bruno Fernandes kicked the ball twice from outside the box but missed, while Diego Costa saved a shot from Teo Hernandez, and not much else happened.

In Portugal, Raphael Guerreiro was active, but Bernardo Silva was closed off on the other side and Cristiano Ronaldo had a subdued performance, leading to a stagnant forward line. In France, the attacking players focused on defensive duties, and Les Bleus lacked spark, with Antoine Griezmann continuing his mediocre Euro performance.

The game finally livened up after an hour. Mike Maignan stopped two excellent chances for Portugal, while Didier Deschamps brought on Ousmane Dembélé for Griezmann, changing the formation and unsettling Portugal. France managed to create quality chances themselves but also missed, leading the game into extra time.

Stay updated with the latest news!

Subscribe to The Jerusalem Post Newsletter

Subscribe Now

Unlike the game against Slovenia, Diogo Costa did not intercept any balls throughout the match. All five of France's penalties were perfect, while Joao Felix's miss made the difference. France advances to the semifinals; Portugal heads home.

The Euro 2024 semifinals will kick off next Tuesday.




Related Tags
France
sports
soccer
Portugal
football
Eurocup
You Might Also Like
Recommended by
What is Outbrain
 
      
 
Information
About Us
Contact us
Feedback
Terms Of Service
Privacy Policy
Subscriber Agreement
JPost Jobs
Cancel Subscription
Sitemap
Customer Service
JP Store
Advertise with Us
פרסום בג'רוזלם פוסט
 
The Jerusalem Post Group
Breaking News
World News
Iran News
MDA Heroes
The Jerusalem Report
Jerusalem Post Lite
Real Estate Listings
Services
Precious Metals
 
Tools and services
JPost Premium
Ulpan Online
JPost Newsletter
Our Magazines
Learn Hebrew
RSS feed
JPost.com Archive
Digital Library
Lists of Jewish holidays
לוח חגים ומועדים 2024
זמני כניסת שבת
חדשות מעריב
 
Sites Of Interest
Poalim Online
JNF-USA
The Jerusalem Post Customer Service Center can be contacted with any questions or requests:
Telephone: *2421 * Extension 4 Jerusalem Post or 03-7619056 Fax: 03-5613699 E-mail: subs@jpost.com
The center is staffed and provides answers on Sundays through Thursdays between 07:00 AM and 14:00 PM and Fridays only handles distribution requests between 7:00 AM and 12:30 PM
For international customers: The center is staffed and provides answers on Sundays through Thursdays between 7AM and 14PM Israel time Toll Free number 1-800-448-9291 Telephone +972-3-761-9056 Fax: 972-3-561-3699 E-mail: subs@jpost.com
Copyright © 2024 Jpost Inc. All rights reserved • Terms of Use • Privacy Policy
Designed by 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.jpost.com/international/article-809188 
 ----- 
