India vs Afghanistan Pitch Report, Dream11 Prediction, Live Telecast Details
Team India will be looking for their first win in the tournament when they face Afghanistan in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday.
by SAKSHAM CHAUHAN
Reading Time: 3 mins read
November 2, 2021
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter

Indian Team, after losing the first two games of the T20 World Cup 2021 will next face Afghanistan on Wednesday. While Kohli’s men are still searching for their first win, Afghanistan have already won two out of their three games. The Mohammed Nabi-led Afghanistan is in good form and they can upset any side on their day. The clash between both the sides would hence be quite interesting. This article covers the Live telecast details and the Pitch Report for the India vs Afghanistan match.

The tournament so far has been forgettable for the Indian side. After losing the first game against the arch rivals Pakistan, India suffered another humiliating loss against New Zealand. Now the equation stands as such that Kohli’s men depend other teams in order to qualify for the Semi-finals. With all the remaining three games being ‘do or die’ clashes for the men in blue, they will have to find a way to not just win the remaining matches but do it with big margins.

India vs Afghanistan Pitch Report

The pitch at Abu Dhabi tends to help the bowlers mostly. The uneven bounce off the surface makes the batsmen think about their shot selection. This unpredictable nature of the wicket benefits the seamers and makes it difficult for the batsmen. The spinners also tend to find assistance off the pitch during the middle overs.

Due is an important factor here and therefore teams prefer to bowl first. Scoring runs at Abu Dhabi comparatively gets easier in the second half.

Dream11 Prediction

IND vs AFG Dream11 Team 1:

Ishan Kishan, M. Shahzad, Lokesh Rahul, Virat Kohli, Hazratullah Zazai, N. Zadran, Ravindra Jadeja, Mohammad Nabi, Jasprit Bumrah, Rashid Khan, Shardul Thakur.

Captain: Virat Kohli

Vice-Captain: N. Zadran

IND vs AFG Dream11 Team 2:

Rishabh Pant, Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, N. Zadran, Ravindra Jadeja, Mohammad Nabi, G. Naib, Jasprit Bumrah, Rashid Khan, M. Shami, Naveen-ul-haq.

Captain: Rohit Sharma

Vice-Captain: Mohammad Nabi

ALSO READ: All the possible scenarios of India reaching the T20 WC 2021 semi-final

India vs Afghanistan Live Telecast Details

The live telecast of the India vs Afghanistan encounter will be provided by the Star Sports Network in India. Star Sports 1 channels will provide the live feed of IND vs AFG match. The online streaming option of the match will be available on Disney+Hotstar application. Subscription of the application will be required in order to unlock the Live streaming option.

Match details

India vs Afghanistan, Super 12 stage match

Date: November 3, 2021( Wednesday)

Time: 7:30 PM IST and 6:00 PM Local Time

Venue: Zayed Cricket Stadium, Abu Dhabi

Saksham Chauhan

Related Posts
CRICKET
“Picking him for the 5th Test was a blunder” – Sanjay Manjrekar criticizes the selection of This Player after India’s defeat at SCG
BY RAHUL CHAUHAN January 6, 2025
CRICKET
‘Mai kahin nahi ja raha bhai’ – Rohit Sharma delivers epic reply after Jatin Sapru’s ‘Thank You Rohit’ sign-off
BY RAHUL CHAUHAN January 4, 2025
CRICKET
CID summons Shubman Gill and 3 Other Cricketers in ₹450 Crore Fraud Case
BY RAHUL CHAUHAN January 2, 2025
CRICKET
Travis Head Clarifies His Celebration After Being Labeled ‘Obscene’
BY RAHUL CHAUHAN December 31, 2024
CRICKET
BBL 2024-25, Match 18: HUR vs SIX Dream11 Prediction and Bellerive Oval Hobart Pitch Report
BY AKHIL BHARTI December 31, 2024
CRICKET
How Can India Qualify for the WTC 2025 Final After Melbourne Test Loss? Explained
BY RAHUL CHAUHAN December 30, 2024
Latest
“Picking him for the 5th Test was a blunder” – Sanjay Manjrekar criticizes the selection of This Player after India’s defeat at SCG
‘Mai kahin nahi ja raha bhai’ – Rohit Sharma delivers epic reply after Jatin Sapru’s ‘Thank You Rohit’ sign-off
CID summons Shubman Gill and 3 Other Cricketers in ₹450 Crore Fraud Case
Travis Head Clarifies His Celebration After Being Labeled ‘Obscene’
BBL 2024-25, Match 18: HUR vs SIX Dream11 Prediction and Bellerive Oval Hobart Pitch Report
How Can India Qualify for the WTC 2025 Final After Melbourne Test Loss? Explained
Cricket world divided over Yashasvi Jaiswal’s dismissal in Melbourne Test; Sunil Gavaskar to Simon Taufel among experts giving their verdicts
BBL 2024-25, Match 17: STR vs SCO Dream11 Prediction and Adelaide Oval Pitch Report
“Dhoni never reacted the same way” – Rohit Sharma’s angry reaction to Yashasvi Jaiswal dropping catches draws criticism from netizens
WATCH: Mohammed Siraj’s Solid Defence Allows Nitish Reddy to Reach His Century; Earns Loud Cheer from the MCG Crowd

News-Topics
Fantasy Tips
Latest News
Cricket News
Football News
Other Sports News
Events
IPL
The Hundred 2023
Caribbean Premier League 2023
English Premier League 2023-24
Asia Cup 2023
Big Bash League 2023
The Ashes
Site Links
Contact us
About us
Join us
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap

Follow us

© 2021-23 Sportstime247.com All rights reserved

×
Cricket
Cricket World Cup 2023
Football
Other Sports
Events
Fantasy Tips

© 2020-23 Sportstime247
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportstime247.com/india-vs-afghanistan-pitch-report-dream11-prediction-live-telecast-details/ 
 ----- 
