Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Detroit Tigers Trying to Make History as Unlikely Playoff Push Continues
Despite being eight games under .500 as recently as Aug. 10, the Detroit Tigers have surged back into the AL Wild Card race and could join the 1973 New York Mets in the history books.
Sam Connon | Sep 19, 2024
Sep 18, 2024; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; Detroit Tigers left fielder Riley Greene (31) reacts after hitting a solo home run in the third inning against the Kansas City Royals at Kauffman Stadium. / Peter Aiken-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Tigers

As recently as Aug. 10, the Detroit Tigers' season was virtually dead in the water.

The team stood at 55-63, 10.0 games back in the AL Wild Card race. FanGraphs gave Detroit just a 0.2% chance to make the postseason, which was tied for the 11th-best odds in the American League.

Not even six weeks later, the Tigers are alive and more than well.

Detroit is 25-10 over its last 35 games, far and away the best record in the league in that span. Now boasting an 80-73 record on the season, the Tigers are just 0.5 games behind the Minnesota Twins for the third and final AL Wild Card spot.

According to OptaSTATS, there has only ever been one MLB team that made the playoffs in a non-shortened season after being eight-plus games under .500 in August or later. The New York Mets achieved the feat back in 1973, but no one else before or since has successfully posted that kind of turnaround.

The Tigers will have to finish strong in order to join the Mets in the history books, considering FanGraphs still only gives them a 36.8% chance of sneaking into the postseason. While it is a massive improvement on where they stood a month ago, it is far from a sure thing.

Outside of jumping Minnesota, Detroit will also be tasked with fending off the Boston Red Sox and Seattle Mariners down the stretch.

Sweeping the Kansas City Royals this week was a good start, and that energy will have to carry into the Tigers' upcoming road series with the Baltimore Orioles if their playoff hopes are going to live another day. Detroit already took two out of three against the Orioles last weekend, so another series victory isn't out of the question.

First pitch for Friday's opener is scheduled for 7:05 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also follow Sam Connon on Twitter @SamConnon.

Published Sep 19, 2024|Modified Sep 19, 2024
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/detroit-tigers-trying-to-make-history-as-unlikely-turnaround-playoff-push-continues-american-league-wild-card-race-01j846z9b1n2 
 ----- 
