Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Otherworldly Ohtani creates 50-50 club in a 6-for-6 game for the ages
Share
Otherworldly Ohtani creates 50-50 club in a 6-for-6 game for the ages
September 20th, 2024

Juan Toribio

@juanctoribio
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

MIAMI -- Inside a clubhouse loaded with potential future Hall of Famers and some of the best players in the sport, Shohei Ohtani's greatness still sticks out. In a game that has been around for centuries, there has never been a player like Ohtani.

On Thursday afternoon, Ohtani’s legend continued to grow as he wrote the next chapter of one of the best individual offensive seasons in Major League history with arguably the best single-game performance the sport has ever seen.

Complete coverage: Dodgers' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

In an otherworldly game in which he stole two bases and went 6-for-6 with a career-high three homers and 10 RBIs, Ohtani proved he’s in a class of his own once again, becoming the first player to hit 50 or more homers and steal 50 or more bases in a single season in Major League history.

Watch the full game here

Ohtani’s performance in the Dodgers’ 20-4 rout of the Marlins at loanDepot park marked the first time in Major League history that a player hit three homers and stole two bases in a single game. The 10 RBIs also set a new franchise record. Ohtani also helped Los Angeles secure its 12th straight postseason berth.

“While Shohei Ohtani has been a groundbreaking player for many years, his latest feat as the first 50/50 player in the history of Major League Baseball reflects not just his amazing power-and-speed talent, but his character, his drive, and his commitment to all-around excellence,” Commissioner Rob Manfred said in a statement.

Related
Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

The 10 rarest, wildest box score lines of 2024

December 30th, 2024

Baby Ohtani! Shohei, wife Mamiko expecting first child

December 28th, 2024

Dodgers avoid arb with all but one, exchange figures with Vesia

4:33 AM UTC

Dodgers trade Cartaya to Twins for RHP Jose Vasquez

January 9th, 2025

Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

“On behalf of Major League Baseball, I congratulate Shohei on this remarkable achievement. We are proud that he continues to take our game to new heights.”

“This game has been around for a long time, and to do something that’s never been done -- he’s one of one,” manager Dave Roberts said. “It couldn’t be a more talented player. He couldn’t be more humble. … It was a win for Major League Baseball.”

Just weeks ago, Ohtani became the sixth member of the 40-40 club on Aug. 23, doing so in style with a walk-off grand slam against the Rays. He reached that exclusive milestone in 126 games, beating the previous mark by 21 games and putting him in position to become the inaugural member of the 50-50 club.

These power-speed savants could someday join Shohei in 50-50 club

“If I’m being honest, it was something I wanted to get over as soon as possible because the balls were being exchanged every time I was up to bat, so it was something that I wanted to get over with,” Ohtani said through interpreter Will Ireton.

“I’m just happy, relieved, and very respectful to my peers and everybody that came before that played this sport of baseball.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

As the anticipation around him grew, it was impossible to predict Ohtani would make history with the type of game he put together on Thursday.

In his first at-bat, Ohtani just missed hitting his 49th homer of the year, instead settling for a leadoff double. He then took off for third, recording his 50th stolen base of the season. He was just getting started.

Two at-bats later, Ohtani doubled to the left-center-field gap and took off for third. Ohtani might’ve been overly aggressive, but it was clear that he knew the possibility of the cycle was within reach. His teammates and coaches inside the home dugout knew that Ohtani had history on his mind.

"I don't even know if it was like a relief thing,” outfielder Mookie Betts said. “I think he was just feeling good, feeling sexy and just knew, like, 'I'm about to do this today.' I mean, he could've had four homers today. I'm at a loss for words."

In the sixth, Ohtani hit a mammoth two-run homer to the upper deck, putting him that much closer. The following inning, with first base open and two out, Marlins manager Skip Schumaker could’ve elected to walk Ohtani.

Instead, Schumaker decided to let Mike Baumann face the two-way star. It resulted in Ohtani hitting an opposite-field homer to complete the historic achievement.

“I think that’s a bad move -- baseball-wise, karma-wise, baseball-God wise,” Schumaker said of a potential intentional walk in that situation. “I think out of respect for the game, we’re going to go after him. He hit the home run. I mean, that’s just part of the deal. He’s the most talented player I’ve ever seen.

“He is doing things that I’ve never seen done before in the game. And if he has a couple more of these peak years, he might be the best ever to play the game.”

After making history in the seventh, Ohtani wasn’t done quite yet. With position player Vidal Bruján on the mound, Ohtani took a 2-0 pitch up in the zone and launched it to the upper deck once again, completing the first three-homer game of his career and arguably the best game ever considering the circumstances.

“That has to be the greatest baseball game of all time. It has to be,” second baseman Gavin Lux said. “There’s no way. It’s ridiculous. I’ve never seen anybody do that even in Little League. It’s crazy that he’s doing that at the highest level.

“I think we all know in here that we’re watching the greatest player to ever play the game.”

After signing a 10-year, $700 million deal this winter, all the outside pressure fell on Ohtani. He needed to demonstrate he was worth the richest contract in American sports and wasted no time doing so by smashing a homer in his first Spring Training appearance with the Dodgers, one of the most anticipated and viewed Cactus League games in recent memory.

Ohtani hasn’t stopped hitting since, setting a personal best in homers as well as the single-season franchise record, surpassing Shawn Green’s 2001 total of 49. With the Dodgers navigating through a number of injuries this season, Ohtani has played a major role in Los Angeles being on the verge of winning its 11th NL West title in 12 seasons.

“For us as teammates, it’s just a privilege to watch him every single day,” shortstop Miguel Rojas said. “I almost cried, to be honest with you, because it was a lot of emotions because of everything that happens behind the scenes that we got to witness every single day.

“It’s a pretty cool moment. We all know what he’s capable of doing. But for him to reach that mark, it’s pretty amazing.”

Behind the scenes, Ohtani has also been rehabbing from a second major right elbow surgery in order to return to the mound in 2025. For most players, that would mean a lost season. But for Ohtani, that didn’t stop him from producing one of the best individual offensive seasons in the history of the sport.

What once was simply a superlative about Ohtani is now entirely true. He’s in a league of his own.

“Nothing surprises you anymore with him, because he can do stuff like that,” Rojas said. “Imagine when he gets to pitch next year.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Shohei Ohtani
Los Angeles Dodgers
You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

16 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/shohei-ohtani-reaches-50-homers-50-steals 
 ----- 
