Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Royals, Matt Quatraro Predicted To Accomplish Feat Not Seen In Kansas City Since 2003
Now if the Royals can just hang onto their playoff spot...
Jackson Roberts | Sep 19, 2024
Sep 4, 2024; Kansas City, Missouri, USA; Kansas City Royals manager Matt Quatraro (33) watches from the dugout against the Cleveland Guardians prior to a game at Kauffman Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Denny Medley-Imagn Images / Denny Medley-Imagn Images
In this story:
Kansas City Royals

Not many saw this coming from the Kansas City Royals in 2024.

Just a season after tying a franchise-record 106 losses, the Royals have been in the driver's seat for a playoff spot all summer. They've been one of the stories of the Major League Baseball season, a rags-to-riches tale about what happens when an underdog believes it can shock the world.

Unfortunately, the Royals' sweep at the hands of the Detroit Tigers put any early playoff celebrations on hold, as Kansas City is only separated by two games from the cutoff point. But the odds are still in their favor, and if they do get in, they will have earned all the rewards that come with it.

Manager Matt Quatraro has been the steady hand guiding the Royals ship all season, and if K.C. does get to October, he will receive a lot of the credit. That puts him in line for a historic achievement only seen once before in Royals history.

Insider Jim Bowden of The Athletic named Quatraro as his favorite to win American League Manager of the Year on Thursday. Tony Pena was the last Royals manager to win the award, back in 2003.

"Quatraro should win the AL award after taking a team that went 56-106 last year to the cusp of a playoff berth this year," Bowden said. "His bullpen management, lineup juggling and emphasis on putting the ball in play and “moving the chains” have helped make this season a huge success in Kansas City. He has great leadership and communications skills and is well-respected by the players and front office."

In just his second season, Quatraro has helped transform the Royals on both sides of the ball. They've become one of the league's best offenses with runners in scoring position, and their starting pitchers have the second-best ERA in MLB a year after ranking 27th in the same metric.

It helps to have great players, and the Royals have acquired several since Quatraro began his managerial tenure. But the skipper has pulled all the right strings for K.C. in 2024. Soon, we will see whether he garners the ultimate respect from the Manager of the Year voting panel.

More MLB: Royals Top Prospect Could Be Salvador Perez's Heir After All-Star Season

Published Sep 19, 2024
JACKSON ROBERTS

Jackson Roberts is a former Division III All-Region DH who now writes and talks about sports for a living. A Bay Area native and a graduate of Swarthmore College and the Newhouse School at Syracuse University, Jackson makes his home in North Jersey. He grew up rooting for the Red Sox, Patriots, and Warriors, and he recently added the Devils to his sports fandom mosaic. For all business/marketing inquiries regarding "Kansas City Royals On SI," please reach out to Scott Neville: scott@wtfsports.org

Follow jrobertsbsbl

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/royals/news/royals-matt-quatraro-predicted-to-accomplish-feat-not-seen-in-kansas-city-since-2003-jackson3 
 ----- 
