MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
For the Tigers, a sweet sweep of the Royals and the power of belief
By Cody Stavenhagen
Sep 19, 2024

67

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — On the day the Detroit Tigers called up Sean Guenther, he texted his parents: “My new elbow is getting its debut.”

Guenther first made the major leagues with the Miami Marlins in April 2022. Then he hurt his arm, needed Tommy John surgery and missed the better part of two years.

The Tigers picked him up off waivers while he was still rehabbing. They stashed him in the minor leagues. During the days of rehab, Guenther dreamed of days like this. He’s a fan of the Apple TV show “Ted Lasso.” He keeps a “believe” sticker plastered on his water bottle. Amid all the small weights and resistance exercises and medicine balls, he thought of what could be.

“Every day you’re going to work and you’re doing the most monotonous, just repetitive stuff, and you think about situations like this,” Guenther said. “You’re like, ‘Hey, if I do this right, if I put in the time, put in the effort, you can get back to that level.’

“And playing meaningful baseball in September is more than you can even dream about, really.”

Wednesday night in Kansas City, with an orange full moon hanging above the first-base side of Kauffman Stadium, the Tigers called on the left-handed Guenther in relief. His grandparents were in the stands, lifelong St. Louis Cardinals fans now decked out in Tigers gear. There was a runner on first base. The Royals had just scored to cut the Detroit lead to 4-2. Guenther entered and did what he has been doing lately, what this entire band of Tigers no-name pitchers has been doing since the start of August.

The Royals subbed pinch hitter Freddy Fermin for the left-handed MJ Melendez. Guenther threw a sinker, a pitch he did not use before coming to the Tigers organization, and induced a 5-4-3 double play. Two batters later, he was out of the inning.

	Sean Guenther pitched Wednesday night with his grandparents in the stands. (Darren Yamashita / Imagn Images)

In 15 frames this season, Guenther has a 1.17 ERA. From the operating table to the waiver wire to a leverage situation in the heat of a playoff race, his story serves as a microcosm of a Tigers run that is growing more inspiring and more unbelievable by the day.

On Aug. 12, FanGraphs gave the Tigers playoff odds of 0.3 percent. Now those odds are up to 36.2 percent.

After sweeping the Royals with Wednesday’s 4-2 victory, the Tigers are a mere half game behind the Minnesota Twins in the American League wild-card race. As the hottest team in baseball, the Tigers are gaining ground on the Royals, too.

“You can kind of speak things into existence,” Guenther said. “You can visualize things before they happen, and it helps you accomplish that. So in terms of showing up to the yard with the expectation to win, I think that’s huge for us, and I think it’s kind of clubhouse-wide at this point.”


‘We believe.’ Patchwork pitching staff gets it done

Remember these images. Jace Jung sliding to the outside part of home plate, limboing his way under a Salvador Perez tag, then leaping up, flexing and roaring.

Tarik Skubal, striking out Perez on a full count with two runners on base, pumping his fists so hard he knocked his glove off his hand.

This run has been mystifying and magical, stupefying and spellbinding. The Tigers and their patchwork pitching staff continue to vex their opponents. When they need a break, they always seem to get it.

“First off, we believe,” manager A.J. Hinch said. “And secondly, we come every day to try to win the game, and we are winning a lot. It’s fun to watch these guys learn and grow and compete their ass off to the end of the game.”

Wednesday at Kauffman Stadium, the Tigers won with their ace on the mound. In this dominant Cy Young season, virtually no one has hit Tarik Skubal like the Royals. He entered play with a 5.05 ERA in 14 career starts against Kansas City. The last time he faced this lineup, the Royals tagged him for a season-high five earned runs. His career ERA in Kauffman Stadium entering play was 6.14.

The Royals scored off him in the first inning and made him work for four more. But the final line was again a staunch five innings, with only one run allowed, one walk and seven strikeouts. He threw a diet heavy in fastballs. He mixed in his changeup and seldom used his slider. Wenceel Pérez aided his pitcher with a running catch at the wall to record the second out of the fifth inning. But after plunking Bobby Witt Jr., the decisive pitch of Skubal’s night came to Perez, who has homered more times off Skubal (four) than any other hitter in the league.

The full-count changeup low and in that got Perez to lunge and whiff was maybe the biggest pitch of Skubal’s career thus far.

“If I can execute pitches at a high clip, I like my chances against anybody, no matter how many times I’ve seen them,” Skubal said.

At that point, the Tigers had built their lead for a few reasons.

One, the Royals made mistakes as they had for much of the series. A walk and two errors allowed Zach McKinstry to score in the second. In the third, Riley Greene hit a 427-foot homer well over the right-field wall. Four batters later, with two men on base, Trey Sweeney — the rookie acquired at the trade deadline who has given the Tigers a needed lift at shortstop — belted a double down the right-field line. Spencer Torkelson scored easily. Joey Cora, the oft-criticized third-base coach whose green lights never go out, wheeled Jung around third. For a moment, it seemed Jung would be cooked at the plate. Hunter Renfroe’s throw home beat him easily. But with Torkelson pointing to the outside part of the plate, Jung stuck a foot on the dish and evaded Perez’s tag.

“When I was (sliding) I was like, ‘Get as low to the ground as I possibly could,’” Jung said. “And I felt the plate, I didn’t feel a tag, and I was like, ‘Oh, yeah, I’m getting pumped up now.’”

From the dugout, the Tigers’ fiery ace watched with approval.

“I love seeing emotion from other guys,” Skubal joked. “It tends to be a lot of me, so I like to see it from other guys.”

Tigers raise their game

For the better part of two months, the Tigers have won with an intoxicating combination of skill and good fortune.

Their pitching staff, for example, ranks 29th with only 7.94 K/9 since Aug. 1. Their opponents’ BABIP of .255 is the second lowest in baseball, generally a marker of good luck in the random realm of balls in play.

But the Tigers and their band of no-name pitchers — such as Wednesday night’s relief duo of Guenther and Brenan Hanifee — fire first-pitch strikes. They rarely issue walks. They generate a bevy of groundballs (45.1 percent, third in MLB, since Aug. 1) and have the league’s lowest opposing barrel rate in this time frame.

“Every time I come in the game, (Torkelson) greets me with, ‘Hey, get us a groundball,’” Guenther said. “I go out there and try to do my best.”

At the plate, the Tigers’ 100 wRC+ since Aug. 1 means their lineup has been the epitome of average. But in clutch situations, no team has performed better, per a FanGraphs metric that quantifies performance in leverage spots compared with the norm.

The Tigers have raised their game where it matters most, perhaps not a statistically sticky skill, but an ability players will tell you is a product of the team’s youth, its energy and its belief.

“Look at our season,” Skubal said. “I think we got off to a good start and then we kind of slumped through the middle, and now look at us. Trade deadline, we were sellers, and now look at us. I think that speaks to the guys in this room.”

Entering a three-game series against the Baltimore Orioles, the Tigers are no longer just hoping their run of good cards will continue.

Now more than ever, they believe.

“I can’t remember a time I’ve had this much fun playing this game,” Guenther said. “It’s fun in the clubhouse, it’s fun on the field, it’s fun traveling. … We’re playing well. We’re having a good time doing it. You can’t really ask for much more at your job.”

(Top photo of Spencer Torkelson and Jace Jung: Ed Zurga / Getty Images)

Cody Stavenhagen is a staff writer covering the Detroit Tigers and Major League Baseball for The Athletic. Previously, he covered Michigan football at The Athletic and Oklahoma football and basketball for the Tulsa World, where he was named APSE Beat Writer of the Year for his circulation group in 2016. He is a native of Amarillo, Texas. Follow Cody on Twitter @CodyStavenhagen

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5778433/2024/09/19/tigers-sweep-royals-sean-guenther/ 
 ----- 
