Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
A group of White Sox fans wear paper bags over their heads in the left-field bleachers in the ninth inning of a White Sox-Angels game on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Photos: Chicago White Sox 4, Los Angeles Angels 3 (10 inn.) at Guaranteed Rate Field
By JOHN KIM
PUBLISHED: September 25, 2024 at 10:27 PM CST

Photos from the Chicago White Sox’s 4-3, 10-inning victory against the Los Angeles Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field.

White Sox left fielder Andrew Benintendi connects for a game-winning RBI single in the 10th inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox left fielder Andrew Benintendi, right, celebrates with teammates after hitting a walk-off single against the Angels in the tenth inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox left fielder Andrew Benintendi (23) celebrates with catcher Korey Lee after hitting a game-winning single in the 10th inning for a 4-3 win against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox players celebrate after their 4-3, 10-inning victory against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
A White Sox fan holds up a sign in the ninth inning of a game against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

A White Sox fan holds a sign in the ninth inning of a game against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
A group of White Sox fans wear paper bags over their heads in the left-field bleachers in the eighth inning of a game against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
A White Sox fan holds a heavily worded sign in the eighth inning of a game against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox third baseman Miguel Vargas, left, and catcher Korey Lee watch from the dugout in the seventh inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Angels right fielder Gustavo Campero (51) winds up to throw after catching a fly ball in the fourth inning against the White Sox on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox third baseman Miguel Vargas, right, hands off his batting helmet after hitting a popup with the bases loaded to end the fourth inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

Angels second baseman Michael Stefanic bunts for an RBI single in the eighth inning against the White Sox on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox designated hitter Bryan Ramos (44) is tagged out by Angels second baseman Michael Stefanic on a steal attempt in the sixth inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox designated hitter Bryan Ramos (44) is tagged out by Angels second baseman Michael Stefanic on a steal attempt in the sixth inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox relief pitcher Enyel De Los Santos throws to first base in the seventh inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox centerfielder Luis Robert Jr. reaches to scoop up a ball hit by Angels left fielder Taylor Ward for a two-run single in the fourth inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
A White Sox fan holds up a sign in the seventh inning of a game against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox second baseman Lenyn Sosa, left, crosses the plate after hitting a home run against the Angels in the fourth inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox interim manager Grady Sizemore, second from left, takes starting pitcher Davis Martin (65) out of the game after Martin loaded the bases in the fourth inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox second baseman Lenyn Sosa heads for the plate after hitting a home run against the Angels in the fourth inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox third baseman Yoán Moncada, left, plays with outfielder Gavin Sheets in the dugout in the second inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox interim manager Grady Sizemore watches as catcher Korey Lee prepares to swing on a two-run home run in the second inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Angels left fielder Taylor Ward looks up at fans trying to catch a two-run home run hit by White Sox catcher Korey Lee in the second inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox third baseman Miguel Vargas tags out Angels shortstop Zach Neto on a steal attempt in the third inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox interim manager Grady Sizemore congratulates second baseman Lenyn Sosa after scoring on a two-run home run from catcher Korey Lee in the second inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox catcher Korey Lee, left, heads for the plate after hitting a two-run home run in the second inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox catcher Korey Lee, center, celebrates at the plate after hitting a two-run home run in the second inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
A fan, right, hands Angels designated hitter Logan O’Hoppe a baseball to sign before a game against the White Sox on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
White Sox shortstop Jacob Amaya (18) tags out Angels shortstop Zach Neto on a steal attempt in the first inning on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)

White Sox starting pitcher Davis Martin throws to first base in the first inning against the Angels on Sept. 25, 2024, at Guaranteed Rate Field. (John J. Kim/Chicago Tribune)
Around the Web
Free Products & Food From These 15 Companies
The Penny Hoarder
Warning Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia (Don't Ignore The Symptoms)
Tardive Dyskinesia
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Lawyers Blvd
30 Worst Cities in America That No One Wants to Live in
SpilledDaily
The 20 Worst Trees to Put in Your Yard, Ranked in Order
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
31 Historic Figures Who Were Photographed While Alive
SpilledDaily
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
The Worst Tourist Trap in Each State
Definition
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
North Charleston: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
Senior Living
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
10 Foods You Shouldn't Touch if You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Doctors Stunned : This Removes Wrinkles and Eye-bags Like Crazy (Try Tonight)
Health News | Skin
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Myelodisplactic
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Judge releases woman who stabbed a classmate to please Slender Man from a psychiatric hospital
Lincoln Park 5-bedroom home with heated garage, outdoor spaces: $1.5M
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M
CPS CEO Pedro Martinez injunction hearing postponed by judge
Chicago Bears coaching search tracker: Mike Kafka and Pete Carroll are the latest candidates to interview
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Today in Chicago History: 7 found dead inside Brown’s Chicken in Palatine
Board of Ethics said it did not give Mayor Brandon Johnson an opinion about CPS leave
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
Chicago White Sox sign Josh Rojas to a 1-year deal, adding a versatile veteran to their infield options
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
2024
September
25
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/25/photos-chicago-white-sox-los-angeles-angels-2/ 
 ----- 
