Our Clients:
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
MLB
NCAAB
NHL
ODDS
Home > Baseball > MLB > With playoffs in sight, Phillies vie for sweep of Mets
BASEBALL
MLB
NEWS
PREVIEW
STORY
Sep 24, 2023
10:31 am
With playoffs in sight, Phillies vie for sweep of Mets
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Copy Link

Mother Nature cooperated long enough on Saturday to ensure the Philadelphia Phillies could look strongly toward a National League wild-card series.

The Phillies (86-69) will aim to inch closer to punching their ticket to the postseason on Sunday evening when they attempt to complete a four-game sweep of the visiting New York Mets (71-84).

Left-hander Cristopher Sanchez (2-5, 3.55 ERA) is scheduled to start for the Phillies against right-hander Jose Butto (1-2, 3.09).

With constant rain from Tropical Storm Ophelia in the forecast for Sunday afternoon, the Phillies announced late Saturday that the first pitch Sunday was pushed back five hours to 6:05 p.m. ET.

The Phillies continued cementing their grip on the first wild-card spot Saturday afternoon when Bryce Harper homered and finished with three RBIs in a 7-5 victory with rain looming.

With their fourth straight win, the Phillies reduced their magic number for clinching a playoff spot to two. Philadelphia could clinch that berth on Sunday with a win and an earlier a loss by the Miami Marlins vs. the Milwaukee Brewers.

The Phillies lengthened their lead over the Arizona Diamondbacks (81-73) to 4 1/2 games in the race for the NL’s top wild-card spot. The Diamondbacks’ game against the New York Yankees on Saturday was rained out.

The arrival of Ophelia impacted Philadelphia as well on Saturday, but getting the game in despite intermittent rain and heavy winds allowed the Phillies to keep ace Zack Wheeler on his usual schedule and in line to start the opener of an NL wild-card series next week.

Wheeler is slated to make his final regular-season start on Thursday against the Pittsburgh Pirates and will be on regular rest when the playoffs begin.

“It’s always good to get the games in,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said. “But it does help us out a little bit. We could always move stuff around, but it definitely helps us out that we played today.”

The focus is on the long-term for the Mets, who officially were eliminated from playoff contention with a 5-4 loss in 10 innings on Friday. A trio of rookies batting in the sixth through eighth spots in the lineup — Ronny Mauricio, Brett Baty and Mark Vientos — combined to go 4-for-12 with three runs in Saturday’s defeat.

The Mets seized a 2-0 lead in unusual fashion in the second after Phillies shortstop Trea Turner misplayed Baty’s potential double play ball. DJ Stewart, who was at second base, scored easily from second, and Mauricio raced home from first. Mauricio initially slowed down at third base before dashing to the plate after Kyle Schwarber casually lobbed the ball to Turner.

“I was running to third and I said, ‘If he throws it in soft, I’m going to break home,'” Mauricio told Newsday through an interpreter. “Since Turner had his back turned, I decided to break there.”

Sanchez took the loss on Tuesday after allowing three runs over four innings in a 9-3 loss to the Atlanta Braves. He is 0-2 with a 5.40 ERA in four career games (two starts) against the Mets.

Butto didn’t factor into the decision last Monday despite allowing one run on four hits over six innings in the Mets’ 2-1 win over the Marlins. In his lone appearance against the Phillies on Aug. 21, 2022, Butto gave up seven runs over four innings in his major league debut and didn’t factor into the decision in New York’s 10-9 victory.

–Field Level Media

YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
MLB
Jan 10, 2025
10:28 pm
Blue Jays sign All-Star RHP Jeff Hoffman to three-year deal

The Toronto Blue Jays signed All-Star right-hander Jeff Hoffman to a reported three-year, $33 million deal on Friday. The Blue Jays announced the deal with the reliever who was a…

MLB
Jan 10, 2025
9:32 pm
Two fans who interfered in World Series banned indefinitely

Following up on an ugly incident during the World Series, Major League Baseball banned two fans indefinitely from all stadiums and facilities. John P. Hansen and Austin Capobianco, seated in…

MLB
Jan 10, 2025
1:54 am
Jays, Vladimir Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration with $28.5M deal

One year after earning a record salary through arbitration, Vladimir Guerrero Jr. and the Toronto Blue Jays avoided another boardroom faceoff by agreeing to a one-year, $28.5 million deal on…

UPLOAD MORE ARTICLES
MORE BASEBALL NEWS
MLB
Jan 10, 2025
10:28 pm
Blue Jays sign All-Star RHP Jeff Hoffman to three-year deal

The Toronto Blue Jays signed All-Star right-hander Jeff Hoffman to a reported three-year, $33 million deal on Friday. The Blue Jays announced the deal with the reliever who was a…

MLB
Jan 10, 2025
9:32 pm

Two fans who interfered in World Series banned indefinitely

MLB
Jan 10, 2025
1:54 am

Jays, Vladimir Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration with $28.5M deal

MLB
Jan 10, 2025
1:34 am

Eight Astros avoid arbitration; Framber Valdez lands reported $18M

MLB
Jan 9, 2025
6:38 pm

Cardinals heading to arbitration with Lars Nootbaar, 2 others

READ ALL
MOST READ
Nov 2, 2022
11:21 am
Amped ACC rivals Wake Forest, NC State fight for poll position
Feb 19, 2020
11:02 am
Esports Glance: Big events on tap for CS:GO, CDL, OWL
Sep 4, 2023
5:11 pm
Bengals QB Joe Burrow deemed ‘day-to-day’ ahead of Week 1
Sep 5, 2023
3:37 pm
Chiefs TE Travis Kelce hyperextends knee in practice
TRENDING TOPICS
NBA
Story
News
Recap
Spread
Money Line
Over/Under
AZ
CO
CT
DC
IA
IL
IN
KS
KY
LA
MD
ME
MI
MS
NC
NJ
NY
ON
PA
TN
VA
VT
WV
WY
We don't have any odds for upcoming games.
SEE ALL ODDS
SPORT NEWS
Archive
Football
Baseball
Basketball
Golf
Hockey
TOP CATEGORIES
Betting
Breaking News
Analysis
Preview
LIV
OTHER
Esports
Soccer

© 2025 Field Level Media. All Rights Reserved.

About us
Products / Services
Contact us
Privacy Policy

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://fieldlevelmedia.com/mlb/with-playoffs-in-sight-phillies-vie-for-sweep-of-mets/ 
 ----- 
