Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Orlando Magic
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
Gameday
Youth Basketball
Shop
Community
Connect
Orlando Magic vs. Indiana Pacers: Game Preview
Dan Savage●@Dan_Savage
Director of Digital News
November 13, 202410:07 AM EST

ORLANDO – Through the first month of the league calendar, there’s no tougher place to play in the NBA than the Kia Center.

The Orlando Magic have dominated on their own floor, posting a perfect 5-0 record and outscoring the opposition by an association-best 19.6 points per game.

After throttling the Charlotte Hornets just one night earlier, the Magic (6-6) will face their toughest test at home to date when, on the second night of a back-to-back, they square off with the Indiana Pacers (5-5) on Wednesday at 7 p.m. ET.

“The tough part (after beating the Hornets) is can you answer that,” said Magic guard Jalen Suggs. “We’ve set the standard high. Therefore, you have to continue to come at it (and) give your all. Whatever you have in the tank. We have a tough one (against Indiana).”

Thus far, the Magic have given their all and more when playing in the City Beautiful this season. Their five straight home wins to open the 2024-25 campaign are the most in franchise history since they rattled off 10 consecutive victories to tip off their 1998-99 run.

“Our fans – you have to be kidding me,” said Magic head coach Jamahl Mosley. “Every time I walk in this building it’s amazing man. They are the best fans in the NBA. They are supportive, not just in here but in the community. What they do and how they are and how they support this group … that’s what fuels these guys night in and night out when we’re home.”

It's not just that Orlando is winning on its own floor, it’s that the team is dismantling the competition. The Magic’s 114-89 victory over the Hornets was their third straight triumph by 25-plus points. That marks just the second time in franchise history that Orlando has won three consecutive games by that margin. The only other time that occurred was from Dec. 3-7, 2001.

“It’s beautiful,” said Suggs to the FanDuel Sports Network crew after his team’s latest victory. “I love everybody that comes into our building, is repping the 407, and is cheering us on every day. Whether they know it or not, their energy truly does have an impact on what we’re doing.”

The Magic have won four of their five home games by double-digits. The only contest that came down to the wire was against tonight’s opponent, the Pacers.

In that outing, Orlando needed a 50-point performance from Paolo Banchero, who’s currently sidelined with an oblique injury, to secure a 119-115 triumph over Indiana. The Magic, without their All-Star forward in the lineup, also subsequently played the Pacers at Gainbridge Fieldhouse, and came up short, 118-111.

The keys to success for Orlando will no doubt be getting back on defense, taking care of the basketball, closing out possessions, and limiting Pacers All-Star point guard Tyrese Haliburton.

KEY STATS: Franz Wagner put on a masterclass performance against the Hornets, notching 32 points, eight rebounds, five assists, and three steals. He is just one of only seven players in the NBA currently averaging 20-plus points, five-plus rebounds, four-plus assists, and at least 1.5 steals per game. He joins Luka Doncic, De’Aaron Fox, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, James Harden, Nikola Jokic and Jayson Tatum.

IN AND OUT: For Orlando, Banchero and Wendell Carter Jr. (left foot; plantar fascia strain) missed Tuesday’s outing. For Indiana, Obi Toppin (left ankle; sprain) is questionable, while Isaiah Jackson (right Achilles tendon; tear), Andrew Nembhard (left knee; Patellofemoral inflammation), Aaron Nesmith (left ankle; sprain) and James Wiseman (left Achilles tendon; tear) are out.

QUOTE TO NOTE: “Our defense fueled everything (against Charlotte). You know, it wasn’t shot making fueling us. It was getting stops on that end and then getting out and running, causing problems in transition, which is something that we do very well. Just with our athleticism, getting to the rim, and the shooting that we have around us. I think it was great. We played defense (and) everybody was locked in. We didn’t take many possessions off on that side of the ball, which led to run outs, easy buckets, (and) got us flowing. It was great. I think (it was an) all-around effort from everybody.” – Suggs

Tags
Game Day
Latest News
Team News
Related Articles
Orlando Magic vs. Indiana Pacers: Game Preview
Orlando Magic Cruise Past Charlotte Hornets in First Emirates NBA Cup 2024 Game
TEAM
Roster
Leaders
Players Stats
Team Stats
Osceola Magic
Executive Leadership
DeVos Family
TICKETS
Buy Tickets
Ticket Plans
Suites
Group Tickets
Visiting Orlando?
Season Ticket Holders
Military/First Responders
NEWS
News
Schedule
Videos
MORE
Kia Center
Fan Code of Conduct
Community
OMYF
Shop
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.

We appreciate your understanding and flexibility while we work through this together.

Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/magic/news/orlando-magic-indiana-pacers-game-preview-injury-report-20241113 
 ----- 
