Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Brandon Ingram #14 of the New Orleans Pelicans drives to the basket at Orlando last season.
Rival Report: Pelicans, Magic off to similar starts amid key injuries
Interconference foes try to get back in win column Friday at 6 p.m. in Florida
Jim Eichenhofer
November 8, 202411:15 AM CST

New Orleans reaches the 10-game mark of the regular season Friday with a 6 p.m. Central game at the Orlando Magic, who share the same record as the Pelicans and similar shorthanded status. Orlando started 3-2, but has lost four games in a row after an injury to All-Star forward Paolo Banchero, who had racked up 50 points in an Oct. 28 victory over Indiana. To learn more about the Magic, we checked in with OrlandoMagic.com’s Dan Savage.

Pelicans.com: Orlando looked like one of the Eastern Conference’s premier teams to start the season, prior to Paolo Banchero being sidelined. What’s been the most difficult aspect of playing without the 2024 All-Star?

Savage: It’s been a challenge for the Magic since Banchero went down with a right oblique injury. He had one of the highest usage rates in the NBA prior to his injury. Also, so much of the focus for Orlando during training camp was finding ways to execute their offense while playing through Banchero and Franz Wagner. So, adjusting to that type of injury amidst a five-game road trip with limited practice time was a major challenge. Still, despite his absence, the Magic have found ways to get open looks. In fact, they’re generating the most uncontested shots in the association. The main issue right now is that they’re not knocking them down. As of Thursday, Orlando is shooting a league-low 30.3 percent from beyond the arc. I expect that to change soon. It’s possible that being back within the friendly confines of the Kia Center is exactly what they need.

Pelicans.com: Like New Orleans, Orlando has a range of recent draftees who’ve become quality players. Which young Magic contributors have made the biggest improvement early in 2024-25?

Savage: They’ve had a lot of guys take steps, but the first one that comes to mind is Anthony Black. The No. 6 overall pick in the 2023 NBA Draft spent nearly the entire offseason in Orlando working with the team’s staff to improve his game. And it’s shown. While he’s had mixed performances to start the year, he looked great in training camp. He also had arguably his best showing of the 2024-25 campaign on Wednesday when he tallied 12 points, six rebounds, and two steals against the Indiana Pacers. He can be a menace on the defensive end of the floor. I truly believe he’ll only get more consistent and more impactful as the season goes on.

I also expect if we chat again at this time next season, my answer will be Tristan da Silva. The Magic rookie has made some spot starts since Banchero went down with an injury and is taking advantage of his opportunity. This experience is invaluable for the four-year college standout from the University of Colorado. Magic coaches and staff have been extremely impressed with his professionalism and willingness to make the right play.

Pelicans.com: What’s one thing fans might be surprised to know about the Magic?

Savage: It’ll come as no surprise to anyone in Orlando, but those outside of the City Beautiful may be unaware of how much this team loves to defend. They currently possess the NBA’s sixth-best defensive rating (109.1). But when you take into consideration that they’ve played one of the toughest schedules thus far, have played a league-high seven games on the road, and that their defense hasn’t been set as much as they would like because of their shooting woes, that number is exceptional.

The Magic signed guard Kentavious Caldwell-Pope this offseason, who won championships as a major contributor with both the Los Angeles Lakers and Denver Nuggets. One of the first observations that he made to the media about Orlando is that this is the first team he’s been on where every guy up and down the roster has wanted and loved to defend.

Pelicans.com: Orlando has won 10 of the last 12 head-to-head meetings vs. New Orleans, including five in a row. From your perspective, what’s been behind this series being so one-sided in recent years?

Savage: We just got done talking about the defensive end of the floor, but what’s been surprising about those matchups is that the Magic have got it done on the offensive end against the Pelicans. Against New Orleans in those 12 meetings, Orlando is averaging a whopping 115.8 points per game. Since the 2018-19 season – the span that encompasses those 12 contests – the Magic are averaging just 107.5 points per outing.

Previous Game Starting Lineups

NEW ORLEANS (3-6)

Wednesday loss vs. Cleveland

Jose Alvarado, Brandon Boston, Brandon Ingram, Zion Williamson, Yves Missi

Notes: This was the seventh different starting unit Willie Green has used this season. … Jordan Hawkins (back), Herb Jones (shoulder), Karlo Matkovic (G League assignment), CJ McCollum (adductor), Trey Murphy (hamstring) and Dejounte Murray (hand) are out. Zion Williamson (hamstring) is questionable. … The Pelicans are No. 20 in offense, No. 30 in defense and No. 29 in net rating. … Twelve New Orleans players have started at least one game. … The Pelicans are 2-2 against the East, but 1-4 vs. the West.

ORLANDO (3-6)

Wednesday loss at Indiana

Jalen Suggs, Kentavious Caldwell-Pope, Tristan da Silva, Franz Wagner, Goga Bitadze

Notes: Jamahl Mosley has used four different starting fives this season. The most common went 3-2, with Banchero leading the way. The Magic are 0-4 when he doesn’t play. … Banchero (oblique) and Wendell Carter Jr. (foot) are out. … The Magic are No. 29 in offense, No. 6 in defense and No. 20 in net rating. … Nine Orlando players have started at least one game. … The Magic are 3-3 against the East, but 0-3 vs. the West.

Related Articles
Rival Report: Pelicans, Magic off to similar starts amid key injuries
How to Watch Orlando Magic vs. New Orleans Pelicans: TV Channel, Live Stream, Radio, Start Time - Nov. 08, 2024
Injury Report: Trey Murphy doubtful for Friday game at Orlando
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/rival-report-pelicans-magic-off-to-similar-starts-amid-key-injuries 
 ----- 
