 Log In Subscribe
Home
News
Calendar
Records
Community
Opinion
Sports
Obits
Classifieds
Public Notices
Health
Services
About Us
Policies
Terms of Use
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Submit a Classified
Letters to the Editor
E-Edition
Contests
Special Sections
Newsletter
WNBA Betting Picks: Friday, Oct. 18

Published 5:38 am Friday, October 18, 2024

By Data Skrive

Wondering how you should bet on today’s WNBA game? Look no further. Below you’ll find computer predictions on how you should bet on the spread and total in the lone matchup of the day.

Sign up for WNBA League Pass on Amazon Prime Video to get access to games, live and on-demand, and more for the entire season and offseason.

WNBA Picks Today – Oct. 18
New York Liberty at Minnesota Lynx
Odds & Predictions
Spread Pick: Liberty (+2.5)
Total Pick: Over (158.5)
Prediction: Lynx 81, Liberty 80

Bet on this game at BetMGM!

How to Watch
Location: Minneapolis, Minnesota
Game Time: 8:00 PM ET
TV Channel: ESPN
Live Stream: Watch this game on Fubo (Regional restrictions may apply)

Rep your team with officially licensed WNBA gear! Head to Fanatics to find jerseys, shirts, and much more.

Not all offers available in all states, please visit BetMGM for the latest promotions for your area. Must be 21+ to gamble, please wager responsibly. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, contact 1-800-GAMBLER.

id:
MORE BETTING PREVIEW
NBA Best Bets: Bulls vs. Hornets Picks for December 30
NBA Best Bets: Thunder vs. Hornets Picks for December 28
Panthers vs. Buccaneers Same Game Parlay Picks – NFL Week 17
Panthers vs. Buccaneers: Odds, Moneyline, and Spread – Week 17
Print Article
SPORTSPLUS
College Basketball Picks Against the Spread: Big South Games Today, December 30

In one of the compelling matchups on the Big South college basketball schedule on Monday, the Presbyterian Blue…

How to Watch the Bulls vs. Hornets Game: Streaming & TV Channel Info for December 30

The Charlotte Hornets (7-24) hope to stop a seven-game losing streak when they host the Chicago Bulls (14-18)…

NBA Best Bets: Bulls vs. Hornets Picks for December 30

The Charlotte Hornets (7-24) are underdogs (by 5.5 points) to stop a nine-game home losing streak when they…

How to Watch the NBA Today, December 30

Today’s NBA slate has seven quality games on the docket. Among them is the Cleveland Cavaliers playing the…

NBA Spread and Total Picks for Today, December 30

The Cleveland Cavaliers and the Golden State Warriors square off for one of many exciting matchups on the…

How to Watch Injury Report Player Props Power Rankings Tickets
Sections
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Health
Small Business
Services
About Us
Subscribe
Policies
Terms of Use
Submit a News Tip
Submit a Photo
Engagement Announcement
Wedding Announcement
Copyright
© 2024, The Stanly News & Press
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesnaponline.com/2024/10/18/wnba-betting-picks-friday-oct-18/ 
 ----- 
