Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cody Martin's return is a 'breath of fresh air' for Hornets head coach Charles Lee
Charlotte forward Cody Martin made his season debut last night in Indianapolis.
Schuyler Callihan | Oct 18, 2024
Jim Dedmon-Imagn Images
In this story:
Charlotte Hornets

Early on in training camp, Charlotte Hornets veteran guard/forward Cody Martin suffered a sprained wrist and a thumb laceration which cost him the rest of camp and the team's first four preseason games.

On Thursday night, Martin made his 2024-25 debut in the Hornets' overtime loss to the Indiana Pacers, collecting five points, four rebounds, and a block in eight minutes of action. Although it may have been a short sample size, the Hornets are happy to just see him back on the court and playing before the start of the regular season.

Charles Lee on Cody Martin's return:

“My gosh. It’s like a breath of fresh air," he stated with a huge smile and sigh of relief. "We talk all the time about just competitors and being consistent competitors and as you saw, he brings another level of competition and winning plays to our team. All of his offensive rebounds, the defensive intensity that he plays with, and the knowledge of just the league in general. He understands tendencies and where to be. And offensively, I think he adds a lot of value too. It’s just so nice to have another solid basketball player out there.”

The Hornets will begin the season next Wednesday against the Houston Rockets with tip-off set for 8 p.m. EST.

MORE STORIES FROM HORNETS ON SI

Charlotte Hornets 2024-25 Depth Chart

Charlotte Hornets lose to Pacers in overtime thriller

Hornets hire Shawn Parker as new public address announcer

Ranking France's top NBA prospects: Where does Hornets rookie Tidjane Salaün land before his rookie season?

Published Oct 18, 2024
SCHUYLER CALLIHAN

schuylercallihan(at)gmail.com  Twitter:@Callihan_ Schuyler Callihan is the lead publisher of Mountaineers Now, All Panthers, and All Hornets on FanNation/Sports Illustrated. He took over publishing duties of All Panthers in 2020 and wanted to expand his professional coverage in the Queen City by running the operations at All Hornets. Schuyler attended Bethany College in Bethany, West Virginia before finishing up his schooling at Alamance Community College in Graham, North Carolina. The Wheeling, West Virginia native made the move to North Carolina in 2015 and has been in Charlotte since 2021.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hornets/news/cody-martin-return-breath-of-fresh-air-for-hornets-charles-lee 
 ----- 
