NEWSLETTERS
Cleveland Cavaliers News
Home
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Oct 25, 2023; Brooklyn, New York, USA; Cleveland Cavaliers guard Max Strus (1) brings the ball up court against the Brooklyn Nets during the second quarter at Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Brad Penner-Imagn Images Brad Penner-Imagn Images
Cavaliers Coach Provides Injury Update On Sharp Shooting Duo
Originally posted on Cleveland Cavaliers on SI
By Tommy Wild  |  Last updated Oct 13, 2024 10:18 PM ET

Injuries derailed the Cleveland Cavaliers' season a year ago. The Wine and Gold haven't officially started the regular season yet, but they're already dealing with injuries to two of their key three-point shooters, Max Strus and Sam Merrill.

Cavaliers head coach Kenny Atkinson was asked about their availability on Sunday and if Sturs or Merill could participate during practice. Cleveland's head coach said, "No. No, still not ready. Still day-to-day. Nothing crazy. Sam, also still day-to-day. Just being extra cautious with both of them."

Strus left Cleveland's first preseason game early with what the team calls a hip contusion after he hit the ground hard, playing defense against the Chicago Bulls. It's a similar story for Merrill, who sat out Thursday's preseason game with wrist soreness.

Atkinson alluded to the team being careful with the duo and wanting them to practice when they're completely ready. Strus and Merril's long-range shooting will be critical to Cleveland's offense this season, so making sure they're fully healthy for the start of the season is the right decision.

Jim Dedmon-Imagn Images

Strus shot 35 percent from behind the arc last season on 6.8 attempts a game. On the other hand, Merrill shot 40 percent from behind the arc on 5.8 attempts a night.

The good news is that Atkinson said that after halfway through the preseason, everyone else on Cleveland's team was good to go during practice. Since it's day-to-day, we'll have to wait and see if either Strus or Merrill plays the Cavs' next preseason game this Wednesday against the Detroit Pistons.




This article first appeared on Cleveland Cavaliers on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Jimmy Butler takes apparent shot at Heat in video
Big viewership for Cavs-Thunder should quiet NBA ratings talk
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
Los Angeles Lakers Make Intriguing Roster Move
NBA
Denver Nuggets Make Jamal Murray Injury Announcement vs…
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
Chicago Bulls: A mock 4-team trade has been released that involves…

The Chicago Bulls are a team that should be looking to move players off their roster when the February trade deadline rolls around. With the squad sitting three games under .500 at the moment, there isn’t a huge initiative to be buyers and make this a playoff team. Big man Nikola Vucevic was connected to the Golden State Warriors in a trade rumor this week, but even more could be on the horizon for the Bulls. Mock trade has the Chicago Bulls trading Zach Lavine and Torrey Craig The mock trade from Fadeaway World has the Bulls moving on from Lavine and Craig in a deal with the Warriors, Heat, and Pistons: Trade Details Golden State Warriors Receive: Jimmy Butler ($48.7 million), Torrey Craig ($2.8 million) Miami Heat Receive: Andrew Wiggins ($26.2 million), Tim Hardaway Jr. ($16.1 million), Gary Payton II ($9.1 million), 2025 Second-Round Pick (GSW) Detroit Pistons Receive: Zach LaVine ($43.0 million), Haywood Highsmith ($5.2 million) Chicago Bulls Receive: Tobias Harris ($25.3 million), Buddy Hield ($8.7 million), Kyle Anderson ($8.7 million), 2026 First-Round Pick (DET) There is a lot to unpack with this trade for all four parties involved. Butler would be the biggest name on the move in this hypothetical swap. The former Bulls’ star has reportedly been unhappy in Miami for quite some time now and this move would offer him a change of scenery while getting to play with a talent like Steph Curry. Chicago moving off Lavine is something that a majority of the fanbase has been hoping to see for a little while now. The 29-year-old is averaging 23.3 points per game on the season while shooting over 51% from the field. His $43.0 million salary is something that Chicago has not been able to shed, making a move like this interesting for a team desperately needing a rebuild. Craig is in his second season with the Bulls after playing in 53 games and making 14 starts a year ago. The veteran has battled injuries this year, as he had played in just nine games and has made one start. In his limited time this season, Craig has 6.9 points, 2.8 rebounds and 0.6 assists per game while shooting 48.9% from the field. The SC Upstate product is in his seventh NBA season and when healthy could make for a solid bench piece on a playoff team. The Chicago Bulls would be getting three players and a nice draft pick In order to somewhat match the salaries of Lavine and Craig, the Bulls would be taking on the Tobias Harris contract from Detroit. In year one of his second stint with the Pistons, Harris has carved out a solid role for himself with a team that is much improved from last season. The veteran is averaging 13.3 points, 6.5 rebounds, and 2.5 assists per game while shooting 44.6% from the field with the young Detroit nucleus. Hield is putting up some decent numbers as well in his first season with Golden State. The 2016 first round draft choice is averaging over 12 points per game and is shooting over 38% from beyond the arc. He would bring a much-needed three-point shooting option to the Chicago bench. Anderson would just be a throw-in piece for the Bulls in this trade. He’d be coming with Hield from the Warriors where he too is in his first season with the organization. Anderson hasn’t averaged more than 10 points per game since the 2020-21 season, and currently averages 15 minutes per contest out of the 30 he has appeared in so far this season. The Bulls getting a first round draft pick in this deal is not a bad thing whatsoever. Despite Detroit improving and taking big strides, the front office most likely never saw themselves being able to fetch a first in any type of deal for Lavine. However, in a big blockbuster trade like this along with Lavine’s numbers this year, it makes a whole lot of sense for Chicago.

NBA
Zion Williamson gets suspended after playing a single game
Every NBA player to average 30 points per game in a season
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NBA
Kevin Huerter's time with the Kings has run its course
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…

We have surprising news regarding a goaltender, who was on the rise within the Montreal Canadiens organization. Many believed he could be part of the organization's medium/long-term plans, but all signs now suggest otherwise. Despite a strong start with the Laval Rocket and the fact that many believed he would be recalled by the Montreal Canadiens just a few weeks ago, everything indicates that Connor Hughes' adventure in Laval/Montreal is coming to an end. According to latest reports, expect to see Connor Hughes return to Switzerland next season. Of course, this could always change by the summer, but for now, everything unfortunately indicates that Hughes will return to Europe at the end of the season. A return to Europe as early as this summer for Connor Hughes? Here's what has just been reported. "Goaltender Connor Hughes, currently with the Montreal Canadiens organization, is expected to return to Switzerland next season." And Charles-Alexis Brisebois adds this: "In the Swiss media outlet Watson, the term 'stuck' is used to describe Hughes' situation in Laval and in the Canadiens' depth chart. [...] And another interesting point, in this Swiss Habs article: his agent has reportedly offered him to Swiss clubs, including Lausanne, for the 2025-2026 season." Connor Hughes, 28 years old, 6-feet-4 inches tall, and weighing 231 pounds, has a record of 9-6-1 this season with the Laval Rocket, with a goals-against average of 2.51 and a save percentage of 0.904. After an incredible start, things have been a bit more difficult for Hughes and the Rocket recently. Let's remember that he spent most of his professional career in Switzerland.

General Sports
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…

The San Francisco Giants have finally started to open up their check books again, getting over the hump since their last big failed free agent signing. ESPN's David Schoenfield recently looked through each MLB team's immediate history to find their worst mistake since 2020. One Giants contract stood out above the rest. It wasn't long ago, free agency ahead of the 2023 season, that San Francisco gave outfielder Mitch Haniger a three-year, $43.5 million deal. He lasted barely one calendar year with the team. The contract was already not too exciting when it happened, so to have it immediately blow up had to hurt. In the last year of his first stint with the Seattle Mariners, before being given the deal, he had posted a .246/.308/.429 slash line with 11 home runs. Nothing otherworldly, but still carried some value in the backend of the lineup. Haniger played just 61 games for the Giants in 2023. He struggled when healthy and then missed most of the campaign with a forearm injury. During the time that he was actually on the field, he posted just a .209/.266/.365 slash line. San Francisco clearly had some hangups about handing out this deal given that he was traded away the next offseason. Back in January of 2024, the Giants sent Haniger, Anthony DeSclafani and cash to Seattle for Robbie Ray. The 34-year-old slugger was healthier back with the Mariners this season, but the results only got worse. As for San Francisco, they are likely not to miss that contract but the trade has been fairly neutral for them so far. Ray did not have his debut in a Giants uniform until late July, so it's hard to really judge his contributions so far. In his first 30.2 innings of work in San Francisco, he has a 4.70 ERA. His control issues have popped up again, which is what has held him back. The 33-year-old won a Cy Young back in just 2021, though. He hasn't pitched a full season since the campaign after that, though. Perhaps he just hasn't had the chance to find a groove. Overall, the Haniger trade being their worst move is fairly tame compared to what some teams have experienced. His contract is also dwarfed by the deals handed out to Matt Chapman and Willy Adames over the past few months. Those contracts will be under great scrutiny as the Giants search for another postseason push.

Entertainment
Go-Go Dancer Accuses Diddy of Forcing 'Sex Slaves' to Wear…
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
Entertainment
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NHL
Report: Trade Talks Intensify Between Vancouver Canucks &…
NHL
New York Rangers Star Reportedly Shuts Down Trade To Western…
NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…
20 facts you might not know about 'Hook'
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 

The Boston Bruins have had a lot of issues this season, having already gone through a coaching change and now finding themselves teetering on the Eastern Conference playoff bubble. Another potential issue surfaced on Friday when a report from WEEI's Rich Keefe suggested that there was a major issue in the Bruins locker room between star forwards David Pastrnak and Brad Marchand, with Pastrnak — according to the report — no longer wanting to play on a line with Marchand. Marchand wasted no time in firing back when asked about the report and emphatically denied any rift between the two stars. He also had extremely harsh words for Keefe in an extended rant about his credibility and trustworthiness as a reporter. “I know reporters have a job to do and that job is to report on the team," Marchand said. "Usually, you try to be fact-based. But when there’s just blatant lies told in the media, that’s where there’s a problem. The fact this guy has a platform and is just making this up is embarrassing. There’s zero truth to anything he said. This is how you lose a job very quickly. The fact that he’s gonna have a job after this is insane." Marchand went on to say that Pastrnak is one of the most beloved players in the locker room and that there is zero truth to him being a problem. He finished by saying this: “It’s very frustrating because this is what happens — we have not pulled our weight this year,” Marchand continued. “We have not had the season we want to have. But I’m not gonna let some random guy come in the media and spit absolute nonsense. From this point forward, this guy has zero credibility." That is about as emphatic as a dismissal as you can get from a player regarding some sort of locker room turmoil. This all comes a day after the Bruins were on the losing end of a 4-1 decision against the Tampa Bay Lightning on Thursday night to extend their losing streak to six consecutive games. They have also lost seven of their past eight games and find themselves in the bottom half of the league standings. Their overall points percentage is 22nd in the NHL and even though they are holding a Wild Card spot in the Eastern Conference, that is mostly because they have played more games than most of the other teams they are competing with. By points percentage there would currently be four teams ahead of them for a playoff spot. Pastrnak and Marchand do not always play on the same line but have spent extensive time alongside one another over the past six years. When they have played together they are typically one of the most productive duos in the league, as both have top-line offensive skills and Marchand plays a great two-way game. They have not been as good this season as a duo or individually. But nobody in Boston has played up to expectations this season. When the team struggles, that is when rumors and speculation start. Whether there actually is some sort of issue within the locker room is secondary to the fact the team just is not as good as it used to be. They never adequately replaced top centers Patrice Bergeron and David Krejci following their retirements, they do not score enough goals as a team, and starting goalie Jeremy Swayman has not played up to expectations (or his contract) in his first year as a full-time starter. Those are significantly bigger issues the Bruins need to worry about fixing.



MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More Cavaliers News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/cavaliers_coach_provides_injury_update_on_sharp_shooting_duo/s1_17132_41049893 
 ----- 
