Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
Houston Rockets
Reed Sheppard Stats Tonight: How did Rockets rookie fare against Victor Wembanyama's Spurs? (Oct. 17)
Reed Sheppard Stats Tonight: How did Rockets rookie fare against Victor Wembanyama's Spurs? (Oct. 17)
By
Michael Macasero
Modified Oct 18, 2024 03:35 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Reed Sheppard stats against the San Antonio Spurs on Oct. 17 [photo: Imagn]

Reed Sheppard faced Victor Wembanyama’s San Antonio Spurs for the first time in his career on Thursday. The Houston Rockets rookie, having a solid preseason, played a secondary role to the starters. Rockets coach Ime Udoka leaned more on the team's tested backcourt of Jalen Green and Fred VanVleet who combined for 45 points, seven assists, three rebounds and two steals.

Sheppard entered the game at the 6:10 mark in the first quarter. He came in to give Jabari Smith Jr. a breather and contributed immediately. Sheppard helped run the plays and finished with two points and one assist in a little under six first-quarter minutes.

The combo guard's first-quarter points proved to be the only score he would make in the entire game. He went 1-for-4, including 0-for-1 from deep. Sheppard added three rebounds, two assists and one block to his tally.

Trending

Reed Sheppard's stats against the San Antonio Spurs:

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

Player	PTS	REB	AST	STL	BLK	TO	FG	3-PT FG	FT	+/-
Reed Sheppard	2	3	2	0	1	0	1-4	0-1	0-0	+8

The former Kentucky star started the second frame and promptly handed an assist to Alperen Sengun. He went 0-for-2 and committed an offensive foul but blocked one of Stephon Castle’s layups. Sheppard was relieved with 6:12 to go in the second canto by Fred VanVleet.

Expand Tweet

After two quarters, the Houston Rockets took a 68-49 lead behind Sengun, Amen Thompson and Dillon Brooks.

The second half was a forgettable one for Reed Sheppard. He wasn't involved much in the offense and he didn't have his usual doggedness and hustle on defense. He played a few minutes in both the third and fourth quarters. San Antonio's Stephon Castle, picked at No. 4, a spot behind Sheppard, had more impact on the game than the Rockets rookie.

San Antonio held out Victor Wembanyama and watched Houston's starters dominate. Sheppard had minimal contribution in the Rockets' 129-107 win.

Reed Sheppard and the Houston Rockets begin their 2024-25 campaign against the Charlotte Hornets

After Thursday's win against the San Antonio Spurs, Reed Sheppard and the Houston Rockets start their 2024-24 campaign on Oct. 23. They will host LaMelo Ball and the Charlotte Hornets. Sheppard will come off the bench to try and give his team a boost.

After a solid campaign during the Las Vegas Summer Camp and the preseason, Sheppard's mettled will be tested in games that count. The rookie, who some have predicted to win the Rookie of the Year award, expressed readiness to help his team compete for a playoff spot.

Rockets Fan? Check out the latest Houston Rockets depth chart, schedule, and roster updates all in one place.

Quick Links

NBA Houston Rockets NBA Stats
Edited by Michael Macasero
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-reed-sheppard-stats-tonight-how-rockets-rookie-fare-victor-wembanyama-s-spurs-oct-17 
 ----- 
