Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Australia Open 2025
Jack Smith resigns
Ravens beat Steelers
SPORTS
Kyle Tucker 12th with 2 triples in an inning, driving in runs with each as Astros rout Padres 12-2
1 of 8 |  

Houston Astros’ Kyle Tucker hits an RBI triple during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

2 of 8 |  

Houston Astros’ Kyle Tucker runs the bases after hitting his second RBI triple during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

3 of 8 |  

Houston Astros third baseman Alex Bregman (2) and center fielder Chas McCormick, right, celebrate after a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

4 of 8 |  

Houston Astros second baseman Jose Altuve, top, turns a double play against San Diego Padres’ Eguy Rosario after forcing out Trent Grisham (1) during the ninth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

5 of 8 |  

Houston Astros’ Jose Altuve is hit by a pitch from San Diego Padres relief pitcher Rich Hill with the bases loaded during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

6 of 8 |  

Houston Astros’ Yordan Alvarez hits an RBI sacrifice fly during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the San Diego Padres, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

7 of 8 |  

San Diego Padres’ Eguy Rosario, right, is congratulated by third base coach Matt Williams (18) after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

8 of 8 |  

San Diego Padres’ Eguy Rosario runs the bases after hitting a solo home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)

Updated 1:08 AM UTC, September 11, 2023
Share

HOUSTON (AP) — Kyle Tucker became just the 12th player to triple twice in an inning, driving in runs with each in an eight-run sixth as the AL West-leading Houston Astros routed the San Diego Padres 12-2 on Sunday.

Tucker became the first Houston player to triple twice in an inning, getting hits off Tim Hill and Rich Hill. He is the first major leaguer to do it since Colorado’s Cory Sullivan on April 9, 2006, at San Diego, and the second since Gil Coan of the Washington Senators on April 21, 1951.

“I think having the opportunity to bat twice in the same inning is nice just with all the other guys putting together quality at bats and having the opportunity to get back up,” Tucker said. “Then, putting the ball in play and doing the most with it.”

Jose Altuve homered and drove in three runs. Houston has won five of six and opened a 2 1/2-game AL West lead over Seattle, which lost to Tampa Bay 6-3. The defending champion Astros are a season-high 20 games over .500 at 82-62.

“It’s time to capitalize,” Chas McCormick said. “I feel like we’ve been playing some pretty good ball. We’re excited. We’re as healthy as we can be right now, and if we get the ball rolling, we can take this division. It’s going to come down to the end, so we just have to make sure we win every game possible.”

RELATED STORIES
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says
Houston Astros welcome 1B Christian Walker to team; say negotiations with Bregman stalled
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker

José Abreu and Yainer Diaz hit RBI singles, Altuve was hit by a pitch, catcher Luis Campusano made a run-scoring error and Yordan Alvarez and Alex Bregman hit sacrifice flies as the Astros sent 12 batters to the plate.

Houston has scored at least six runs in each of its last 19 wins.

“We’re just confident right now,” McCormick said. “Offensively, we know we can do a good job up there. We have a mix of veterans and some young guys. A lot of veterans control the plate really well. It’s a tough lineup to get through, all nine of us. We definitely feel really good up there.”

Tucker also walked in the fourth, stole two bases and then scored on an error by third baseman Eguy Rosario.

Houston won its first home series since taking two of three from the Angels from Aug. 11-13.

“We got a lot of hits in that one inning,” Houston manager Dusty Baker said. “Any time you can put up a crooked number, especially like a snowman eight spot, that was huge for us. We needed this game at home. I think this is the first series we have won at home in a long time.”

Altuve followed Campusano’s run-scoring passed ball with a two-run homer in a three-run third.

J.P. France (11-5) allowed one run, four hits and five walks in six innings, his eighth time in 10 appearances giving up two runs or fewer.

“They have a patient lineup and make you put the ball in zone,” France said. “I can’t brag about the defense behind me enough. … All of that’s what was able to let me go six.”

Matt Carpenter and Rosario hit solo home runs for San Diego, which lost for the third time in its last four games. The Padres also committed four errors.

“A lot of bad stuff for us,” San Diego manager Bob Melvin said. “Obviously, defensively wasn’t great. We left some runners on early in the game when it could have been impactful, and then it got away from us, so not our finest moment.”

Matt Waldron (0-3) yielded four runs and four hits in five innings.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Astros: RHP Ryne Stanek (right ankle sprain) played catch and was feeling better, Baker said.

UP NEXT

Padres: RHP Pedro Avila (1-2, 2.19 ERA) will start Monday in the first of a three-game series at the Dodgers, who will start LHP Clayton Kershaw (12-4, 2.61 ERA). Avila earned his first win in his last start, tossing 6 2/3 shutout innings against the Phillies on Tuesday.

Astros: LHP Framber Valdez (11-9, 3.30 ERA) will start Monday in the opener of a three-game series against the Athletics at home. Valdez has won two straight starts and yielded one run in seven innings in his last outing against the Rangers on Tuesday.

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

  
by Taboola 
Suggested For You
AP News Quiz - Jan. 10, 2025
Kia
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu een proefrit.
Farming tech is on display at CES as companies showcase their green innovations and initiatives
Man who fatally stabbed attacker on NYC subway won't be charged, prosecutor says
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump: 'Give your head a shake!'
Trump can still vote after sentencing, but can't own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
President-elect Donald Trump doesn’t have to go to jail, pay a fine or perform community service as a result of his New York hush money conviction.
AP News
Judge who blocked release of Trump report was 'plainly' wrong, special counsel tells appeals court
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned from the Justice Department after submitting his investigative report on President-elect Donald Trump.
AP News
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgevonden waar nu om gevochten wordt
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Stap in de nieuwe Kia EV6. Ontvang jouw inruilvoorstel.
Kia
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024 en kost bijnа niets
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen dat ze niet meer zonder kunnen
Energieke Kousen
Advertisement:
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer deze truc van 5 seconden vandaag nog!
GlucoSerenity
Advertisement:
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun autoverzekering (kijk eens)
Met betaalbare autoverzekeringsmogelijkheden die specifiek zijn afgestemd op de behoeften van oudere bestuurders, kunnen senioren geld besparen en gemoedsrust krijgen bij elke rit. Klik hier en bekijk meer!
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
Advertisement:
Meer informatie
Zie wie er aan je deur staat met dit alarm
Beveilig jouw huis vandaag nog: Alarm met beveiligingscamera's. Ontvang jouw prijsindicatie nu.
Verisure®
Advertisement:
Ontvang bod
Alleen vandaag in de uitverkoop:
Limango
Advertisement:
Nu winkelen
Het gemiddelde IQ in Nederland is 102. Ontdek of jouw IQ hoger is
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
BEGIN NU
Winning with data and AI in retail
CIO | Google & Shopify
Advertisement:
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
We Care About Your Privacy
To provide you with a more personalized, better-performing web site experience, we and selected third parties use tracking technologies to collect information about you, your site activity, your preferences and your device. These trackers are used for necessary technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing purposes, as detailed in our Cookie Policy.
We and our 423 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy (Privacy Policy Section 5)
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Third-Party Partners (Vendors)

I Reject All (except Strictly Necessary) I Accept All
See Purposes and Manage Privacy Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/tucker-altuve-padres-astros-d0d4cc8df4549c5682a0586deda75722 
 ----- 
