Skip to content
47°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National News
National Politics
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Puzzles
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us
Close Menu

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
SPORTS
Busy final month could be start of something for Luis Campusano
Rough game Sunday was the outlier so far in excellent season for young Padres’ catcher who has made just 47 career starts behind the plate
Kevin M. Cox / Associated Press San Diego Padres catcher Luis Campusano looks at his glove after a missed catch error allowed a run to score during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Houston Astros, Sunday, Sept. 10, 2023, in Houston. (AP Photo/Kevin M. Cox)
By KEVIN ACEE | kevin.acee@sduniontribune.com | The San Diego Union-Tribune
UPDATED: September 10, 2023 at 11:08 PM PDT

HOUSTONHOUSTON — Luis Campusano’s future is happening.

He started a third consecutive game at catcher for the first time in his MLB career in Sunday’s 12-2 loss to the Astros.

It did not go great. Campusano dropped a would-be force out at the plate, made a throwing error, allowed a run to score when a fluttering knuckleball bounced off his glove, had a fastball get past him for another passed ball and went 0-for-4.

What stood out was that the afternoon contrasted with what has been something of a breakout season for Campusano, even as his ascension occurred in the shadow of Gary Sánchez.

With Sánchez suffering a season-ending wrist fracture on Wednesday, Campusano could end up catching almost half as many games over the season’s final month as he had from the time of his debut in 2020 through Aug. 31.

“This will be the best opportunity he’s had in the big leagues,” manager Bob Melvin said over the weekend. “… ‘Campy’ is gonna get a lot of looks. And for the first time in his career, he’s going to be an everyday guy.”

The Padres’ catcher of the future, 17-year-old Ethan Salas, finished his season in Double-A. The thinking in the organization is that perhaps by 2025, Salas and Campusano can split time in some fashion.

That leaves Campusano some time to affirm that he can be a part of a productive tandem, as the Padres attempt to continue to reverse what had been a yearslong trend of the position being an offensive albatross.

Before Sánchez arrived and started hitting home runs at the end of May and Campusano returned from thumb surgery in July and began putting together what is now a .301/.341/.463 line, the Padres had gotten among the worst production of any team from their catchers (fourth-lowest batting average and second-lowest OPS) from the start of 2015 through May 29 of this season.

Campusano is still just 24 years old, younger than the age at which most catchers establish themselves as regulars in the big leagues. If it seems as if he has been around a long time and has had his progress stymied for one reason or another, it is because that is the case.

The organization’s second-round pick (39th overall) in the 2017 draft made his MLB debut in 2020. After hitting a home run in his debut on Sept. 4, Campusano sprained his wrist in batting practice the next day and was done for the season.

He began the 2021 season on the roster when Austin Nola was hurt in spring training, and a couple rough outings catching for veterans set the tone for a season spent mostly in Triple-A.

Campusano was with the Padres for part of April 2022 before spending nearly four months in Triple-A. He rejoined the Padres at the end of August and started nine times.

There was, to be sure, a split within the organization about his ability to be an effective everyday catcher. But he entered spring training virtually assured the job as Nola’s backup.

A combination of Nola struggling and Campusano performing well had him poised to assume the majority of the playing when, in mid-April, he suffered a torn thumb ligament and had surgery that sidelined him for three months.

Since his return on July 19, Campusano is batting .314 with an .834 OPS. He entered Sunday having gone 10-for-22 with six RBIs in his previous six starts.

It has seemed like he is a different batter since returning, exhibiting a patience that was not evident before.

“Over time, you get a feel of just consistently getting ABs,” he said. “… It’s just a matter of the comfort and confidence coming in there.”

That comfort — and the work done with new catching coach Brian Esposito — has been evident behind the plate as well.

On Friday, Campusano caught Blake Snell for the first time since they worked together April 13, 2021, in a game that did not go well. This time, Campusano blocked several balls, including ones in which Snell had enough confidence in him to bounce a curve with a runner on third base.

Sunday was another challenge. He was catching knuckleballer Matt Waldron. And he was catchoing a day game after catching the night before. Few catchers do that. It was Campusano’s second time doing so and his first time doing it after catching the previous two games.

What is ahead is perhaps another 15 starts in the Padres’ remaining 18 games.

“Honestly, it can do a lot,” Campusano, who had started 40 career games at catcher before this month, said of the opportunity. “But I think the main part is just staying healthy and making sure I’m taking care of my body. All that said and done, then it’s just play.”

Originally Published: September 10, 2023 at 7:08 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
New Mexico routs San Diego State, and it’s The Pits
‘Endless Summer’ star, local surf icon dies in Encinitas
$533M pension payment could blow a hole in San Diego’s budget — especially for parks and libraries, city says
San Diego escapes a major wildfire as Santa Ana winds die down. More could hit this weekend.
‘We are prepared’: San Diego Fire-Rescue deputy chief addresses La Jollans’ wildfire concerns
Nick Canepa’s report card: Chargering returns in stunning playoff loss
Analysis: Bitter family fights have torpedoed sports ownership groups before; could the Padres be next?
Michael Smolens: Gloria plans an unmistakable message for San Diegans
3 San Diego organizations raising funds or collecting donations for L.A. wildfire victims
Nick Canepa: Fear not, Padres aren’t going anywhere
Former Mariners manager Scott Servais joining Padres in player development
Macy's and Kohl's store closures in San Diego County
MORE IN SPORTS
New Mexico routs San Diego State, and it’s The Pits
Analysis: Bitter family fights have torpedoed sports ownership groups before; could the Padres be next?
Bryce Miller: Breitbard Hall of Famer Adrian Gonzalez made MLB mark in San Diego
Tom Krasovic: Sunny projection takes dark turn in Chargers’ loss to Texans
2023
September
10
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/2023/09/10/busy-final-month-could-be-start-of-something-for-luis-campusano/ 
 ----- 
