ERR kasutab oma veebilehtedel http küpsiseid. Kasutamist jätkates nõustute kõikide ERR-i veebilehtede küpsiste seadetega
SAIN ARU
LOEN VEEL
X
news
Estonia hit four against Faroes to reach Baltic Cup final
NEWS
ERR
10.06.2024 10:55
Estonia versus the Faroe Islands in the semi-final of the 2024 Baltic Cup. Source: Priit Mürk/ERR

The Estonian men's national football team beat the Faroe Islands 4-1 in the semi-finals of the Baltic Cup on Saturday. The result provided the perfect start for new head coach Jürgen Henn, who will now be looking for silverware as he leads his side into Tuesday's final against Lithuania.

The Faroe Islands started the brighter at the A. Le Coq Arena on Saturday, with Petur Knudsen giving the visitors a 24th minute lead in the 24th minute. However, Paide Linnameeskond's Robi Saarna provided the assist for Alex Matthias Tamke of Nõmme Kalju to bring the hosts level before the break.

Five minutes into the second half, veteran striker Henri Anier, who recently celebrated winning a league title in Hong Kong with his club side Lee Man, put Estonia 2-1 in front.

In the last ten minutes, Estonia extended their advantage through substitutes Edgar Tur (Levadia Tallinn) and Danil Kuraksi (Flora Tallinn)., who both netted their first goals for the national team.

"We felt the expectations, but I think those expectations gave us good energy. The fans were expecting a fresh start and we are really happy that we managed to win well with a decent performance. We have managed to do a lot in two days," head coach Jürgen Henn told ERR after the match.

Open gallery
54 photos
Estonia versus the Faroe Islands in the semi-final of the 2024 Baltic Cup. Author Priit Mürk/ERR

Henn was confident that his game plan would work, even though it was the Faroe Islands who started the brighter. "Of course, it took us a while to get our real game going and this is just the first step," said Henn.

"Of course we have to be really happy that we scored four goals, which is never easy at international level. But this is only the first step and we still have to work on some of the details."

Estonian will now face Lithuania in Tuesday's final at the Darius and Girėnas Stadium in Kaunas. Lithuania defeated Latvia 2-0 in their semi-final thanks to goals from Armandas Kučys and Artūr Dolžnikov of FK Kauno Žalgiris. The game kicks off at 7 p.m. Estonian time

The two defeated semi-finalists, Latvia and the Faroe Islands will also play at 7 p.m. on Tuesday at the Daugava Stadium in Liepaja, Latvia, to determine who finishes third in the tournament.

The final of this year's Baltic Cup can be seen live on ETV 2 on Tuesday June 11 here. Coverage begins at 6.45 p.m.

--

Follow ERR News on Facebook and Twitter and never miss an update!

Editor: Michael Cole

jürgen henn
baltic cup
estonian men's national football team
Message ERR News
RELATED
Watch live: Estonia face Lithuania in Baltic Cup final on Tuesday evening
Johannes Erm second after European championships decathlon day one
Football Association gives medal to outgoing national team coach Häberli
Estonia aim to build on solid defense in Baltic Cup final against Lithuania
Incoming Estonian men's national team coach: We should be ambitious
ERR to live broadcast three men's national football team June home fixtures
Jürgen Henn to take over as Estonian men's national team head coach in June
LISTEN: CHRISTMAS 24/7
Radio 2 launches temporary 24/7 Christmas music station
LISTEN: RADIO TALLINN
WATCH: JUPITER
ABOUT US

ERR News is the English-language service of Estonian Public Broadcasting, run by a fully independent editorial team.

To read up on ERR News' comments rules and to contact ERR's other services, please follow the link below.

Staff, contacts & comments

LATEST NEWS
28.12
Paper: Finnish authorities prevented damage to Estlink 1, Balticconnector
28.12
In brief: Estonia-Finland cable disruption Updated 28.12
28.12
Oil tanker seized by Finland 'was loaded with spying equipment'
28.12
Narva mayor faces another no confidence vote
28.12
Foreign minister welcomes US decision to sanction Georgian Dream founder
28.12
Tartu marks New Year's Eve with three light shows
28.12
Nublu and Maria Kallastu's 'Push it' named Raadio 2's song of the year
28.12
Tallinn to welcome 2025 with concert and drone show
28.12
Stores will stop giving out 1 and 2 cent coins From January 1
28.12
Navy commander: Weather significantly restricts our activities
HOW MUCH WILL YOU PAY?
Official car tax calculator: See how much you'll have to pay
MOST READ ARTICLES
28.12
Oil tanker seized by Finland 'was loaded with spying equipment'
28.12
Paper: Finnish authorities prevented damage to Estlink 1, Balticconnector
28.12
Researcher: Finland's detention of Eagle S oil tanker sets legal precedent
28.12
Stores will stop giving out 1 and 2 cent coins From January 1
27.12
Estonia dispatches Navy patrol boat to guard EstLink 1 cable
26.12
Finnish police: Ship at the site of EstLink 2's breakage missing anchor
28.12
Tallinn to welcome 2025 with concert and drone show
27.12
Elering: We will disconnect from Russian grid even if connections are interrupted
USEFUL INFORMATION
Commenting on ERR News articles
ERR News materials terms of use
ERR
Üldinfo
Avalik teave
Kontaktid
Pressiteated
Eetikanõunik
Tule tööle/praktikale
Ajalugu
In English
По-русски
Arhiiv ja teenused
Arhiivide üldinfo
arhiiv.err.ee
Koopiad ja kasutamine
Muuseum
Kostüümilaenutus
Tehnilised teenused
Helistuudiod
Kultuuriteated
Uudisteportaalid
Uudised
Sport
Kultuur
Novaator
Meelelahutus
Ilm
rus.err.ee
news.err.ee
Programmid
ETV
ETV2
ETV+
Vikerraadio
Raadio 2
Klassikaraadio
Raadio 4
Raadio Tallinn
Jupiter
Varia
Vaegkuuljatele ja -nägijatele
Kasutustingimused
Isikuandmete töötlemisest
Jupiter+
Jupiter IO
Lasteekraan
Raadioteater
Eesti Rahvusringhääling | F. R. Kreutzwaldi 14, 15029 Tallinn, Eesti | E-post: err[ät]err.ee | Tel: 628 4100 | Toimetus
Teoste avaldamine sel lehel on kooskõlastatud EAÜ/NCB-ga
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://news.err.ee/1609366712/estonia-hit-four-against-faroes-to-reach-baltic-cup-final 
 ----- 
