Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
LIVE
Death toll in raging LA wildfires continues to rise as blaze tears through city
MLB
 
STITCHES
Cubs vs. Diamondbacks prediction: Stitches riding with veteran starter
By Stitches
Published Sep. 16, 2023, 4:00 p.m. ET

Tight races.

With a couple of weeks left in the regular season, the Cubs and Diamondbacks need to finish strong to make the playoffs as wild-cards.

Are you experienced?

Chicago’s veteran Kyle Hendricks purple-hazed the Snakes at Wrigley and picked up the win after allowing two runs over 5 ²/₃ innings only six days ago.

Arizona’s Zach Davies has made 16 starts this season and has won twice.

Last two outings did not go Davies’ way as he was attacked for eight runs over seven innings, allowing 10 hits while issuing six walks.

Kyle Hendricks
Charles Wenzelberg/New York Post

Still believe the Cubs will sneak into the postseason.

Not as confident about ’Zona.

Play $50 on the Cubbies.

Betting on Baseball?
Read our how to bet on baseball guide
See sign up bonuses from the best baseball betting sites
Check out the latest World Series Odds

So the Astros are light years better than the Royals, so we bet on Houston.

And, of course, the Royals won 4-1.

What do you think? Post a comment.

Nelson Velazquez, Bobby Witt and Micahel Massey homered.

Bit on the low hanging fruit and choked. Down -1,008 clementes.

FILED UNDER ARIZONA DIAMONDBACKS  CHICAGO CUBS  KYLE HENDRICKS  MLB BETTING  SPORTS PICKS  STITCHES  9/16/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/16/sports/cubs-vs-diamondbacks-prediction-stitches-riding-with-veteran-starter/ 
 ----- 
