Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
“I have taken lots of things from Kohli and Dhoni”: Hardik Pandya admits to have inspiration from Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni’s captaincy

Rishikesh Sharma
PublishedJun 25, 2022

Follow Us

Hardik Pandya has said that he has learned a lot from the captaincy of Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni, but he wants to bring his own touch as well.

Advertisement

Ireland will take on India in the two-match T20I series starting on 26 June 2022 at the Malahide Stadium in Dublin. The main players of the Indian team are rested, and Hardik Pandya has been named the captain of the side.

Hardik Pandya is coming on the back of a brilliant IPL campaign with the champions Gujarat Titans. Hardik Pandya scored 487 IPL 2022 runs at 44.27, courtesy of two half-centuries, whereas he also scalped eight wickets with the ball. He had a brilliant series against South Africa as well.

Hardik Pandya draws inspiration from Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni

Hardik Pandya recently won the IPL 2022 title with Gujarat Titans under his captaincy. When he was appointed as the captain of the side, there were some questions asked, but he proved his doubters wrong. Ahead of the T20Is against Ireland, Hardik Pandya addressed the press.

He said that he has learned a lot of things from the captaincy of Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni, but at the same time he would be natural as captain of the side and wants to be practical as well.

“I have taken lots of things from Kohli and Dhoni – at the same time, I wanted to be natural as a captain – I like to practical and take decisions that way,” Hardik Pandya said.

“I always like to take responsibility. When you take your own decisions it makes you tougher as a person – I will look to do the same when I am the captain. I would look to see how I can motivate the boys as well.”

Captain @hardikpandya7 and Head Coach @VVSLaxman281 address the huddle on the eve of the first T20I against Ireland.#TeamIndia pic.twitter.com/aLVWAbVf53

— BCCI (@BCCI) June 25, 2022

On the selection of the playing eleven, Hardik said that the team wants to try out different players, but the aim will be to select the best possible 11 for the match. He also hinted that a couple of players may make their debut in the series.

“We want to give opportunity to people but want to play our best XI as well,” Hardik Pandya said.

“There will be situations where there will be a couple of caps given but more than anything, it’s about making sure that we have the best XI.”

Hardik PandyaIRE Vs INDMS DhoniVirat Kohli

About the author

Rishikesh Sharma

An engineering graduate and an ardent sports fan, Rishikesh Sharma is covering cricket for three years now after not making peace with a corporate life and has written more than 5000 articles. While Sourav Ganguly made him fall in love with the sport, Brendon McCullum and Gautam Gambhir enhanced it. Apart from cricket, Rishikesh is a huge fan of Liverpool FC. When not watching sports, you will find him riding around Jaipur.

Share this article

Don’t miss these

Dixit Bhargav • Oct 19, 2023

“Billioniare Version Of Chris Harris”: Virat Kohli Bowls In ODI World Cup After 8 Years To Draw Heartening Twitter Reactions

Rishikesh Sharma • Oct 15, 2023

Had It Not Been For A Phone Call From Ashish Nehra, Hardik Pandya Would’ve Played For Another IPL Franchise Than Gujarat Titans

Rishikesh Sharma • Oct 14, 2023

Despite Not Believing In ‘Totka’ In IPL 2021, Hardik Pandya Casts Spell To Get Imam Ul Haq Out

Rishikesh Sharma • Jun 24, 2022

“That’s the pinnacle of T20 cricket”: Andrew Balbirnie wishes to see Ireland players in IPL soon

Suchita Chakraborty • Dec 31, 2023

“Do You Think Biden Could Do That?”: Donald Trump Uses Golf to Take a Dig at the US President Ahead of the 2024 Elections

Tanmay Roy • Dec 31, 2023

MS Dhoni Gets The Pavilion Invitation For Liking Pakistani Food

Headlines

Basketball

“He Can Do It and Download It in 5 Minutes”: Jamal Crawford Was Impressed with Victor Wembanyama’s Quick Learning Skills

Basketball

“He’s Sick”: Derrick Rose Hilariously Roasts Tom Thibodeau for Calling Him About Basketball Despite His Retirement

UFC

Belal Muhammad Confident in Beating Potential Opponent Shavkat After Lessons From ‘The Best’ Khabib Nurmagomedov

NFL

“I Was Never Going Back to the United States”: Ricky Williams Revisits ‘Finding Himself’ While Traveling in Australia

Basketball

“Two Kinds Of People”: Damian Lillard Shares Interesting Image Following Bucks’ Loss

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-i-have-taken-lots-of-things-from-kohli-and-dhoni-hardik-pandya-admits-to-have-inspiration-from-virat-kohli-and-ms-dhonis-captaincy/ 
 ----- 
