About us
News & Articles
Branding and Advertising
Consumer Behavior and CRM
Entertainment
Expert Views
Financial Markets & Services
Latest from Marketing World
Market Data
Marketing Ethics
Marketing Guru Speaks
Marketing Research
Product Reviews
Sales and Distribution
Social Media Marketing
social media marketing
sports
Market Intelligence & Research
Skilling Programs
Internship
Case studies
Contact Us
Contribute Articles
About us
News & Articles
All
Branding And Advertising
Marketing Research
Social Media Marketing
Social Media Marketing
Consumer Behavior And CRM
Marketing Ethics
How Vital Is Security for Enterprise and Mobile Apps?
Step-by-Step Guide to Sole Proprietorship Registration: Simplifying Your Corporate Structure
The Power of Salesforce Health Cloud Implementation Services
Step-by-Step Guide to LinkedIn Prospecting for saas business
Market Intelligence & Research
Skilling Programs
Case studies
Contact Us
Home  Articles  Joy E-Bike strengthens its relationship with Cricket; teams up to become the...
Articles
Joy E-Bike strengthens its relationship with Cricket; teams up to become the Title- ‘Joy E Bike Powered By’ sponsor of the India Tour of Ireland 2022
By Passionate in Marketing -
June 24, 2022
0
874

Vadodara, June 24, 2022:Further strengthening its long-standing relationship with Cricket, WardWizard Innovations and Mobility Ltd, manufacturers of the country’s leading electric two-wheeler brand ‘Joy e-bike’ has become the official Powered By’ sponsor of the India Tour of Ireland 2022.

India and Ireland will square off at Malahide Cricket Club Ground in a T20 series for two matches in Dublin from June 26th-28th, 2022.

As part of the association, the Joy E-Bike will be awarding the ‘Joy E-Bike Electrifying Powered By’ Man of the series award followed by Joy E Bike Electrifying super 6’s award for both the matches.

Furthermore, the logos of the Joy E-Bike will be on the digital screens, backdrops, and placards, enhancing the presence of the company in the sporting space.

Joy E-Bike has been synonymous with the exciting action of cricket and has remained associated with various cricketing events and teams, providing tremendous support to the sport across India. For the Indian Premier League (IPL) 2021 edition, Joy E-Bike was associated with the Chennai Super Kings as their official EV partner.

Speaking on the marquee partnership, Mr Yatin Gupte, Chairman & Managing Director, Wardwizard Innovations & Mobility Ltd., said, “WardWizard as a brand has always endorsed the sport and the spirit of Cricket. That’s primarily because, in India, Cricket is not just a game, but it is an emotion that binds and inspires the entire country. Moreover, considering the fandom of the sport across the globe, it is a perfect platform to reach out to a wide variety of audience. Therefore, keeping up with our stance on the sport, we are pleased to associate with the “Irish Cricket Union Company Limited”, as one of the main  sponsor-Joy E Bike-Powered by’sponsorship for the upcoming “India Tour of Ireland, 2022”. This association can be dubbed as a strategic move by WardWizard, under its global brand-building initiative to increase brand visibility across borders. The association is projected to further enhance the brand recall value across markets. The tournament has two matches lined up and we’re looking forward to some thrilling and exciting matches. We wish them all the very best of luck.”       

Speaking on the association, Mr Warren Deutrom, Chief Executive Officer, Cricket Ireland, said, “It is our pleasure to have Joy E-Bike, which is one of the leaders in the electric two-wheeler segment, as the Powered By’ sponsor of this match series. We have seen Joy E-Bike promote cricketing events at the domestic level, and we look forward to their support in the upcoming cricketing events around the world.”

The series will comprise of dual T20 matches where Hardik Pandya and Bhubaneswar Kumar will be the captain and vice-captain of the Indian team, respectively. Andrew Balbirnie will be leading the Ireland cricket team for the matches. The match will be telecasted online on Sony Liv and live on Sony Six channel in India.

Date	Match Details	Venue
26 June 2022	Ireland vs India 1st T20	Malahide
28 June 2022	Ireland vs India 2nd T20	Malahide
TAGS
WardWizard Innovations & Mobility Limited
Previous article
Shoppers Stop launches its sixth store in Delhi
Next article
Simplilearn with Purdue University hosts its 6th convocation for over 2500 learners
Passionate in Marketing
http://www.passionateinmarketing.com
Passionate in Marketing, one of the biggest publishing platforms in India invites industry professionals and academicians to share your thoughts and views on latest marketing trends by contributing articles and get yourself heard.
    
LEAVE A REPLY

Log in to leave a comment

Latest Posts
How Vital Is Security for Enterprise and Mobile Apps?
Step-by-Step Guide to Sole Proprietorship Registration: Simplifying Your Corporate Structure
The Power of Salesforce Health Cloud Implementation Services
Step-by-Step Guide to LinkedIn Prospecting for saas business
NMDC Delivers its Best Ever December Month Production
Categories
Articles
27025
Branding and Advertising
16980
Latest from Marketing World
16265
article
7419
Marketing Analytics
6862
Marketing
6663

© Passionate In Marketing

Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Disclaimer
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.passionateinmarketing.com/joy-e-bike-strengthens-its-relationship-with-cricket-teams-up-to-become-the-title-joy-e-bike-powered-by-sponsor-of-the-india-tour-of-ireland-2022/ 
 ----- 
