Open sidebar
Home
Cricket
Dublin cricket stadium pitch report: India vs Ireland 1st T20 Malahide pitch report batting or bowling

Rishikesh Sharma
PublishedJun 25, 2022

Follow Us

Dublin cricket stadium pitch report: The SportsRush brings you the pitch report of the first T20I between Ireland and India in Dublin.

Advertisement

Ireland will take on India in the first T20I of the two-match T20I series at the Malahide Stadium in Dublin on 26 June 2022. Both teams would want to start the series on a winning note.

Team India is without their star players, who are with the test squad in England. Hardik Pandya has been named the captain of the side, whereas Bhuvneshwar Kumar is his deputy. For Ireland, the experienced duo of Paul Stirling and Andrew Balbirnie will play a huge part. The bowlers of the Irish side have done well lately.

Dublin cricket stadium pitch report

The Malahide Stadium in Dublin is a brilliant track to bat on with an assist to the bowlers as well. There is a moment for the pacers in the initial overs of the match as a fresh wicket will be used here. Although, in terms of wicket-taking, the spinners have done a great job here. After settling down, the batters can play their shots as there is an even bounce on the pitch.

A total of 19 T20I have been played at this ground, where five of them got cancelled or abandoned due to bad weather or other reasons. Out of those 14 matches, 8 matches have been won by the chasing teams, and 6 games have been won by the teams batting first.

Snapshots from #TeamIndia‘s training session at the Malahide Cricket Club, Ireland.

📸📸 pic.twitter.com/V74muBG62K

— BCCI (@BCCI) June 25, 2022

The last T20I match at this ground was played between South Africa and Ireland in July 2021, where the spin bowlers of South Africa did a great job. Team India will play with Axar Patel and Yuzvendra Chahal, whereas Ireland will have Andy McBrine and George Dockrell in their ranks.

There will be overcast conditions throughout the match, and the rain can certainly hamper the proceedings in between. Both teams would want to chase after winning the toss keeping the DLS in mind.

Dublin Cricket Stadium Pitch ReportIRE Vs IND Pitch ReportMalahide Stadium Pitch Report

About the author

Rishikesh Sharma

An engineering graduate and an ardent sports fan, Rishikesh Sharma is covering cricket for three years now after not making peace with a corporate life and has written more than 5000 articles. While Sourav Ganguly made him fall in love with the sport, Brendon McCullum and Gautam Gambhir enhanced it. Apart from cricket, Rishikesh is a huge fan of Liverpool FC. When not watching sports, you will find him riding around Jaipur.

Share this article

Headlines

Basketball

“He Can Do It and Download It in 5 Minutes”: Jamal Crawford Was Impressed with Victor Wembanyama’s Quick Learning Skills

Basketball

“He’s Sick”: Derrick Rose Hilariously Roasts Tom Thibodeau for Calling Him About Basketball Despite His Retirement

UFC

Belal Muhammad Confident in Beating Potential Opponent Shavkat After Lessons From ‘The Best’ Khabib Nurmagomedov

NFL

“I Was Never Going Back to the United States”: Ricky Williams Revisits ‘Finding Himself’ While Traveling in Australia

Basketball

“Two Kinds Of People”: Damian Lillard Shares Interesting Image Following Bucks’ Loss

Follow TheSportsRush

Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Footer
Facebook
Instagram
X
More From Us
Stories
Legal
Privacy Policy
GDPR Policy
Terms & Conditions
Cookies Policy
Ethics Policy
Fact Checking Policy
Corrections Policy
Editorial Guidelines
Company
About Us
Ownership
Editorial Team
Support
Contact Us

Copyright: © RU Sport Private Limited. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thesportsrush.com/cricket-news-dublin-cricket-stadium-pitch-report-india-vs-ireland-1st-t20-malahide-pitch-report-batting-or-bowling/ 
 ----- 
