Skip to content
December 23, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
New Zealand take opening win – Solomons out

Two quick goals saw New Zealand knock the Solomon Islands out of the OFC Nations Cup.

New Zealand’s Ben Old Solomon Island’s Atkin Kaua. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

New Zealand – Solomon Islands 3-0

Solomon Islands needed a win to keep their hopes of advancing to the knockout stage alive.

But it was New Zealand who got the game into their lane immediately, with Ben Waine getting on the scoresheet after only five minutes.

Waine chested the ball down inside the box, turned and smashed the ball into the back of the net from a slightly weird angle.

In the 11th minute Waine would get his second, as he sent the ball into the net with a clinical finish.

NZ would keep control of the game, and Waine almost got his hat trick midway through the half, but was denied by a brilliant Phillip Mango save.

“I was a bit dissapointed to not get the hat trick but its nice to be scoring in a New Zealand shirt again”, Waine, who had one goal prior to Tuesdays’ match, tells Football in Oceania.

“I think we could have controlled the game a little bit more, it got a bit lose towards the end of the first half and in the second. That’s something we’ll look at, but overall its a great start to any tournament.”

New Zealand’s Ben Waine scores and celebrates his goal. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

Solomons played their way into the match, with their best chance coming from a Gagame Feni shot.

It looked like it would end with 2-0 at half time, but in added time NZ capitalised on a corner. Captain Kosta Barbarouses managed to get his foot on a loose ball in the box and send it into the net via a Solomons defender.

The second half saw Solomon Islands come out and take charge of the ball.

But they struggled to produce many chances with the possession they had.

As the half wore on it became clear that New Zealand had total control of the match, and in the end they saw it out with not much happening in the second half.

“Sometimes when its 3-0 at half time, the games are a bit like that. But what was good for us was that we got everybody on the pitch. There was six people today making their debut, and they’ll be better for that. Us as a squad will be better for that, and they can put that behind them for the rest of the tournament,” New Zealand head coach Darren Bazeley tells Football in Oceania.

New Zealand’s coach Darren Bazeley. OFC Men’s Nations Cup 2024, Group A, New Zealand v Solomon Islands, VFF Freshwater Stadium, Port Vila, Tuesday 18 June 2024. Photo: Shane Wenzlick / http://www.phototek.nz

Raphael Lea’i almost managed to score a consolation goal with the final kick of the game, but the ball bounced off the post and out behind Alex Paulsen, who made his debut in the New Zealand goal.

“It’s fantastic to start the game off with a clean sheet and three points. Me and Lea’i are good mates, from when he came down to Wellington a few years back. He tried to stick one on me on the near post.”

The result means that Solomon Islands have been knocked out.

“What can you say. We’re out of it. We’re not really prepared well for this tournament,” Solomons coach Jacob Moli tells Football in Oceania.

“We just have to go back and prepare the boys for the arrival of the new coach. I’m just the interim coach for this tournament, so when the new coach comes he can train and prepare the boys well for the qualifying for the World Cup.”

“The team has a lot of young players who have a long career ahead of them. I hope they can take something out of this tournament and build on it.”

While New Zealand and Vanuatu will battle it out for the top spot in the group on Friday.

“I think Vanuatu are going to be a bit tougher. There’s going to be a big crowd and because they won their first game, they’re going to come with a lot of energy. It’s going to be a step up,” Bazeley says.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: New Zealand, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup, Solomon Islands
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/18/live-follow-nz-vs-solomon-islands/ 
 ----- 
