          

NEWS
TEAMS
GALLERY
FIXTURES
RESULTS
TABLE
ACADEMY
TICKETS
SHOP
MEDIA
ABOUT
CONTACT
    
FIFA Club World Cup - 1 year to go

Words: ACFC Media

Tuesday 18 June 2024

AUCKLAND, New Zealand - There is a year to go before the FIFA Club World Cup 2025™ kicks off in the USA and Auckland City FC take on the world.

The Navy Blues qualified for the Club World Cup after winning three out of four OFC Champions League competitions over a four year period between 2021 and this year.

Auckland City FC General Manager, Gordon Watson, believes the expanded competition offers an opportunity for Oceania football clubs that is vital for improving the game across the region.

"The Club World Cup gives all of our clubs in the OFC football pyramid a chance to prove themselves on a global stage, raising the bar for all of Oceania," said Watson.

This sentiment echoes the OFC's focus on developing a robust player pathway and developing a professional club competition by 2026.

"Our regional pathway, from village fields to the OFC Champions League, and beyond, is crucial for developing talent across Oceania."

The region's history of producing world-class players like Christian Karembeu, Wynton Rufer, and Tim Cahill serves as inspiration.

This success, however, is not solely due to individual talent.

Watson stressed the importance of a strong domestic league, stating, "Strong clubs contribute towards creating stronger and better national teams, proving the value of the OFC Champions League pathway."

The potential consequences of losing direct access to competitions like the FIFA Intercontinental Cup and FIFA Club World Cup are unthinkable.

Watson said, "Without these competitions, Oceania football would stagnate, losing the progress made since 1999."

"Since the implementation of the OFC Champions League, the number of games players in Oceania get to play has increased a lot.

"That's a good thing because prior to 2007, national teams played so few games and there was no regional club competition.

"The OFC Champions League added matches to the calendar and you can see the impact it has had for the likes of New Caledonia, Vanuatu, Solomon Islands, Fiji and the rest, as well as New Zealand.

"Our football retains a grassroots charm, and that spirit drives our ambition, not only as a club, but as a region of clubs, to make a mark on the world stage."

"Oceania is part of the global football community and deserves its place there."

Ryan De Vries, a veteran of seven FIFA Club World Cups and also a former New Zealand international, is looking forward to both competitions.

"The FIFA Club World Cup is a massive tournament being a new format. I've been at the seven of them so this will be an exciting one because of the quality of teams involved and I'm looking forward to it.

"In the old format it was usually just one game, so because it's not just a one-off game that makes things exciting because sometimes you just need to get through that first game to find your feet.

"Every time you go to a major international competition, it's a different experience. I think everyone at our club is excited. I'm especially excited to be going to this one.

"There's a lot of talent in the Oceania region that not a lot of people know of and we are representing not just ourselves and the club, but the whole Pacific.

"This is a massive responsibility for us and it is also a very a big honour.

"It's June 2024 already, so time is already flying, especially when you're having fun on the football pitch.

"The USA is going to come around very quickly, but while we're looking forward to it, we have to stay focussed on what we're doing in the Northern League, Chatham Cup and National League Championship as well.

"It's important we keep our feet on the ground and give attention to the FIFA Intercontinental Cup and Club World Cup at the right moments."

The upcoming OFC Champions League and the prospect of participating in the FIFA Club World Cup promise to be pivotal moments for the region's footballing future.

Ends

<

Previous

Navy Blues progress to Chatham Cup R4

Next

Navy Blues ready for Suburbs test

>
RELATED ARTICLES
Navy Blues progress to Chatham Cup R4
Navy Blues host Wanderers in Chatham Cup
City duo earn NZ U-19 call up
<
>
PRE-SEASON FRIENDLY

TBC 2025

AC
vs
AC
PLAYER PROFILES
Premiership
Futsal

UKICH

Midfielder

View profile All profiles
<
>
TABLE
Position	P	W	D	L	F	A	Pts
1		BU	9	6	2	1	23	16	20
2		AC	9	6	1	2	20	10	19
3		WS	9	6	0	3	25	16	18
4		NC	9	5	2	2	21	14	17
5		WP	9	4	1	4	16	19	13
6		WO	9	3	2	4	17	15	11
7		CS	9	3	2	4	18	20	11
8		CT	9	2	3	4	16	18	9
9		ES	9	1	2	6	8	17	5
10		WE	9	1	1	7	9	28	4

Full Ladder

FRIENDS OF FOOTBALL
PHOTO GALLERY
Final - Birkenhead v Auckland
View galleryAll galleries
<
>
FACEBOOK
TWITTER
Tweets by AucklandCity_FC
Auckland City FC Social
PARTNERS

Site powered by Phototek

© Copyright 2024 Auckland City FC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aucklandcityfc.com/news/2252/12/FIFA-Club-World-Cup-1-year-to-go/ 
 ----- 
