বাংলা Latest Video Photo  
Saturday, December 28, 2024
SPORTS
TECH
BUSINESS
ENTERTAINMENT
BANGLADESH
WORLD
LIFESTYLE
OPINION
POLITICS
ENVIRONMENT
SCIENCE
OTHERS
Sports
Tech
Business
Entertainment
Bangladesh
World
Lifestyle
Opinion
Politics
Environment
Science
Others
 



Home Sports Football
FIFA Int'l Friendly: Kinga's injury time winner denies Bangladesh, Bhutan bounce back to tie series
UNB NEWS 
DHAKA PUBLISH- 
SEPTEMBER 08, 2024, 09:34 PM 
UNB NEWS





An added time goal by substitute booter Wangchuk Kinga helps hosts Bhutan to beat Bangladesh by 1-0 goal in the 2nd match to level two match FIFA International Friendly Series 1-1 at the Changlimithang Stadium in Thimphu Sunday evening.

Earlier on last Thursday, Bangladesh took 1-0 lead in the two-match FIFA International Friendly Series beating Bhutan by 1-0 goal in the first match featuring a goal by Sheikh Morsalin in the 6th minute.

This was the 2nd defeat for Bangladesh in their 16 international meetings with Himalayan nation Bhutan after eight years and incidentally both at the Changlimithang Stadium in Thimphu.

Bangladesh suffered their first defeat against Bhutan by 1-3 goals in a pre-qualifier match of the Asian Cup held in Thimphu in October, 2016 that deprived Bangladesh from playing FIFA and AFC matches for the 17 months.

However, the FIFA ranked 184th Bangladesh, are in the upper hand against FIFA ranked 182nd Bhutan by winning 12 matches out of 16 and the remaining two matches between them ended in draw.

When the day's match were almost heading for a goalless draw after stipulated 90-minute, then substitute forward Wangchuk Kinga came to rescue Bhutan scoring the match-winner in the first minute of the added time (90+1 minute) by a placing shot from close, utilizing a right wing cross of his team mate (1-0).

Bangladeshi booters protested the goal, demanding an offside but the referee blew his whistle for the goal.

A good number of Bangladeshi fans gathered at the stadium carrying the national flag to encourage the team, but the Bangladesh team failed to fulfill their expectations.

In the day's match, Bhutan made two to three good attempts toward Bangladesh territory but failed to take its fruit while Bangladesh played an average football against Bhutan and failed to manage good opportunities throughout the match.

Captain Jamal Bhuyan was not included in the day' s best eleven like the first match, defender Bishwanath Ghose not considered for day'd match while forward Rakib Hossain also missed the day's match due to injury.

Bangladesh team ( First Eleven): Mitul Marma, Isa Faysal, Md. Saaduddin, Topu Barman, Shakil Hossain, Mohammad Hridoy, Sohel Rana (captain), Md Sohel Rana, Foysal Ahmed Fahim, Shahriar Emon and Sheikh Morsalin.






 Subscribe UNB YouTube Channel





TRENDING NEWS
January 2025 K-drama Lineup: 10 Must-watch Premieres
Best Projectors to Create Home Theaters in Bangladesh in 2025
Thai e-Visa for Bangladeshis: Step-by-Step Guide to Apply Online
Vivo X200 Pro Mini Review: A Compact Flagship Smartphone with Powerful Features
LATEST NEWS
2024: A year of mass uprising that reshaped Bangladesh’s Election Commission
Media access to Secretariat restricted for security of fire-hit KPI: CA Press Wing
Bangladesh’s ICT sector suffered heavy losses for prolonged internet shutdown in 2024
Last functional hospital in Gaza torched
Temperature may drop in next 5 days: BMD
Jamaat chief calls for unity among anti-fascist political parties


Contact Us

United News of Bangladesh (UNB)
Cosmos Centre 69/1 New Circular Road, Malibagh, Dhaka-1217,Bangladesh.
Email: newsdesk@unb.com.bd

   
ABOUT PRIVACY POLICY ADVERTISEMENT CONTACTS
2024 | © Copyright United News of Bangladesh.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://unb.com.bd/category/Sports/fifa-intl-friendly-kingas-injury-time-winner-denies-bangladesh-bhutan-bounce-back-to-tie-series/142478 
 ----- 
