Get Breaking News Alerts From The Business Standard.
We'll send you latest news updates through the day. You can manage them any time from your browser settings.
No Thanks     ALLOW     
Skip to main content

Saturday
December 28, 2024

SPORTS
TBS Report
08 September, 2024, 09:30 pm
Last modified: 08 September, 2024, 09:33 pm
RELATED NEWS
Hamza to play for Bangladesh: How it unfolded and what it means for Bangladesh football
BFF president: Hamza will inspire a generation of footballers
Hamza is now officially eligible to play for Bangladesh
India clash will be challenging yet thrilling, says Cabrera
Bangladesh national football team’s Facebook page hacked
Bangladesh fall to late goal in lifeless display against Bhutan
Playing lifeless football on Bhutan’s field, Bangladesh appeared disorganised. Their midfield was erratic, and they couldn't effectively set up their attacks.

Despite winning the first international friendly, Bangladesh's performance was far from noteworthy. The players struggled against Bhutan's height advantage and couldn't maintain their stamina.

Pause
Unmute
Loaded: 0.00%
Remaining Time 
-8:12
Close Player

Even so, Javier Cabrera's side managed to leave the pitch with a fortunate 1-0 win. However, in the second friendly match, the visitors couldn't put up much of a fight. The lifeless team conceded a goal late on and left the field with a defeat.

Before these two friendly matches, Bangladesh's coach and players were full of confidence. They expressed their desire to win both matches.

 Keep updated, follow The Business Standard's Google news channel

However, the players failed to reflect that confidence on the field, and so, they couldn't achieve their goal. On Sunday, at Thimphu's Changlimithang Stadium, Bangladesh lost 1-0 to Bhutan, with Bhutan's goal coming from Kingma Wangchuk.

In friendly matches, playing good football can be the primary objective, beyond just winning or losing. While the focus was on playing well, Jamal Bhuiyan and Mohammad Morsalin's side had their eyes set on victory.

Bangladesh hoped to win both matches against Bhutan to improve their ranking, aiming to be in pot three for the draw of next year's Asian Cup third round qualifiers. However, they couldn't reach their target due to their disappointing football.

In today's match, Bangladesh made two changes to the starting eleven. Shahriar Emon replaced the injured Rakib Hossain in attack, while Isa Faisal came in for defender Bishwanath Ghosh. Isa made a good impression with his performance. He and Topu Barman handled the defensive duties brilliantly.

From the start, Bhutan applied pressure, but these two defenders kept them at bay. Throughout the match, they didn't allow the opposition to find the back of the net. However, Bangladesh remained disorganised.

Their midfield appeared erratic, and they couldn't set up effective attacks. Still, they managed to keep their net intact until the final moments when they conceded. Kingma Wangchuk, left unmarked, scored from a header passed by his teammate.

Football

bangladesh football team / bangladesh vs bhutan

COMMENTS

While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderation decisions are subjective. Published comments are readers’ own views and The Business Standard does not endorse any of the readers’ comments.

Top Stories
Unloading of goods, fuel remains suspended at Ctg Port as water transport workers' strike continues
Western Marine bounces back: 8 ship exports planned in 14 months
Journalists' access to secretariat restricted for KPI safety: CA Press Wing
MOST VIEWED
Bangladesh's GDP to outpace Swiss, Swedish by 2039, but with huge per capita gap
Naogaon UNO sued for allegedly securing BCS cadre position using uncle's freedom fighter status
Passengers pay, foreign airlines suffer for Biman's ground handling monopoly
5, including 4 of a family, killed as bus crushes vehicles at Dhaka-Mawa expressway toll plaza
LNG supply period extended for 7 companies
4 RACE managed funds face special audit for trustee change
FEATURES
Chilly winter, morning car meet: Super Tuner 8.0 returns in style
14h | Wheels
The last of Dhaka’s ‘70s era duplexes
19h | Panorama
Pop, fizz and fabulous fits: Your guide to New Year’s eve party fashion
19h | Mode
Grief counsellors who help return sight to the blind
1d | Panorama
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
還在用傳統方式找網紅合作嗎？
你需要的是「一站式免費網紅媒合平台」
KOL Radar
立即試用
南港新灣區 發現最強新資產
 440公頃東區門戶新主場，水岸第一排，近6000坪全街廓開發新聚落，18-38坪國際菁英御邸
東方大境
了解更多
燃燒的森林、哀號的地球➤你，願意成為希望的種子嗎？
 你知道嗎？澳洲政府砍伐森林，竟是為了畜養肉牛！世界各地的綠色肺腑正遭無情火焰蹂躪，生命在煙硝中悄悄凋零…你的一份捐款，可以點燃希望，重建生命的脈動✦立即行動！
財團法人綠色和平基金會
立即捐款
MORE VIDEOS FROM TBS
Journalists will also not be able to enter the secretariat with accreditation cards
2h | Videos
News of The Day, 27 December 2024
17h | Videos
Meet Durbar Rajshahi's brand ambassadors
18h | Videos
South Korea votes to impeach acting president Han Duck-soo
19h | Videos
EMAIL US
contact@tbsnews.net
FOLLOW US
   
WHATSAPP
+880 1847416158
About Us
Contact us
Sitemap
Advertisement
Privacy Policy
Comment Policy
Copyright © 2024
The Business Standard All rights reserved
Technical Partner: RSI Lab
 
Ad 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.tbsnews.net/sports/bangladesh-fall-late-goal-lifeless-display-against-bhutan-936681 
 ----- 
