Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
nav_close_menu
Euro 2024
Schedule
Results
Rankings
SPORTS
EURO 2024
France-Netherlands: Without Kylian Mbappé, Les Bleus are solid but helpless

France and the Netherlands produced the first 0-0 draw of Euro 2024 on Friday evening in Leipzig, Germany. Les Bleus have almost qualified for the next stage of the competition, but their inefficiency is a cause for concern.

By Alexis Delcambre (Leipzig (Germany), special correspondent)

Published on June 22, 2024, at 7:55 am (Paris) 

3 min read

 
Lire en français

Subscribers only

N'Golo Kanté and Marcus Thuram face Tijjani Reijnders, during the Euro 2024 match between France and the Netherlands at the Red Bull Arena in Leipzig, Germany, June 21, 2024. KARINA HESSLAND / REUTERS

It's a game that France could – and probably should – have won, given their dominance. But it's also a game they could have lost, had it not been for another decisive performance from Mike Maignan and a favorable decision from video-assisted refereeing, 15 minutes from the end, on Friday, June 21 in Leipzig, Germany, at the end of a long, stifling moment that suspended time in the Red Bull Arena and resulted in the disallowing of a Dutch goal for an offside position. "France had their chances, but our goal was valid, from what I could see from behind," lamented Dutch coach Ronald Koeman after the match. "That the goal be disallowed seemed to me obvious," said his French counterpart, Didier Deschamps.

Read more Euro 2024: Mbappé on sub bench for France's 0-0 game against the Netherlands

The two former defensive midfielders won't find an agreement. The rule is that a goal is disallowed if the player in an offside position – in this case, Denzel Dumfries – even without touching the ball, interferes with the goalkeeper. And the referees felt that his presence did not give Maignan total room to maneuver.

This goalless draw puts the French and Dutch in the same position: Almost through to the round of 16, but not close enough to be able to relax during the third group-stage match. Deschamps' men will have to get the job done against already-eliminated Poland on Tuesday, June 25 in Dortmund, if they are to aim for a top-two finish. This will limit the possibility of rotating the squad, in a competition where every moment of rest counts. And if they are to secure the top spot, they will have to do better than the Netherlands, who face Austria at the same time.

You have 68.45% of this article left to read. The rest is for subscribers only.

Subscribe to continue reading.
Get unlimited access to Le Monde in English
€2.49/month, cancel anytime
Subscribe now
Already a subscriber? Sign in
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/sports/article/2024/06/22/france-netherlands-without-kylian-mbappe-les-bleus-are-solid-but-helpless_6675432_9.html 
 ----- 
