Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
NED
1-1-0, 4 PTS
0
FT
FRA
1-1-0, 4 PTS
0
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
France and Netherlands scoreless draw leaves group wide open
1:27
Why was Xavi Simons' goal disallowed?

ESPN FC VAR expert Dale Johnson explains why disallowing Xavi Simons' goal was the correct decision.

ByReuters
Updated: Jun 21, 2024, 10:43 pm

France and the Netherlands played it safe in a 0-0 draw in Group D at Euro 2024 on Friday that left them within sight of a place in the round of 16 and made Poland the first team to be eliminated.

With France captain Kylian Mbappé on the bench after suffering a broken nose in their opener, the game sparked into life in fits and starts, without ever threatening to turn into a classic.

Both sides squandered chances and had periods of control, but neither could find a breakthrough and eased off the throttle in the second half, seemingly content to claim a point.

"We've walked away with a point and it's great, but when we we're in it to win it we're in it to score goals, we haven't," Netherlands manager Ronald Koeman said, before adding that France would be equally happy with the draw.

The one moment of drama after the break came when Dutchman Xavi Simons had the ball in the net in the second half, but the goal was disallowed because Denzel Dumfries, standing offside next to keeper Mike Maignan, was penalised, with the decision with the decision confirmed by VAR after a lengthy review.

The result leaves the group open, although with four points in the bag, both France and the Netherlands will think they have most likely done enough to reach the round of 16.

France next face Poland, who have no points after losing 3-1 to Austria earlier on Friday, while the Netherlands meet the Austrians, who have three points. Both matches will take place Tuesday.

Xavi Simons and the Netherlands were left frustrated after his goal against France was disallowed.
Clive Mason/Getty Images

The saga around Mbappé's selection dominated the build-up, with his appearance at training on Thursday wearing a tricolore mask seen as a sure sign he was set for inclusion.

It would have come as some relief therefore to Koeman when the team sheets dropped and Mbappe, who had four goals in his previous two games against the Dutch, was left on the bench.

France manager Didier Deschamps decided not to risk his prized asset but his side, who have scored one goal in their opening two games, clearly missed their captain.

The first half was at times frenetic, with the Dutch going close within the first minute as Jeremie Frimpong's effort was tipped around the post by Maignan before Antoine Griezmann had an early shot palmed over at the other end.

France should have taken the lead minutes later when Adrien Rabiot was played through on goal but inexplicably chose to pass to Griezmann, who was so stunned by his generosity that he miscontrolled, stumbled and lost possession.

With Mbappé out of the picture, Griezmann slotted into the role of France's main man, firing another chance wide and heading straight at keeper Bart Verbruggen from a Rabiot cross.

By contrast, the Netherlands seemed to lack a real threat, with most of their attacks petering out and all their forwards guilty of failing to find a telling pass when the penalty area honed into view.

As the second half progressed, France increased the tempo with Marcus Thuram flashing a shot wide on the hour, Aurélien Tchouaméni heading over and an off-balance Griezmann again thwarted by Verbruggen from close range.

The Dutch thought they had finally broken the deadlock when Simons flashed a shot into the net, only for the celebrations to be halted by the linesman's flag and dashed by VAR.

With the four best third-placed finishers making it through to the last 16, the draw suited both sides, and the lack of jeopardy sucked some of the life out of the encounter as the game edged toward a stalemate.

Game Information
Red Bull Arena
7:00 PM, June 21, 2024
Coverage: FOX
Leipzig, Germany
Line: FRA -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 38,531
Referees:
Anthony Taylor
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690592 
 ----- 
