Skip to content

Oceania Football Center

Blog
National Tournaments
International Tournaments
Database
Contact
Degrumelle and Teaonui Tehau goals seal Tahiti win over Samoa at OFC Nations Cup

Tahiti has made a strong start in the OFC Men’s Nations Cup 2024, securing a vital 2-0 win against Samoa in their debut match held in Suva. The Tahitian team, led by coach Samuel Garcia, displayed early dominance with two first-half goals, setting the pace for the rest of the match. The first breakthrough came swiftly, just four minutes into the game, when French-based Matéo Degrumelle skillfully intercepted a through ball from Manuarii Shan and managed to slip his shot under Samoan goalkeeper Joel Bartley’s grasp.

Degrumelle continued to be a formidable presence on the right flank for Tahiti, nearly assisting in a second goal shortly after. His cross to the back post found Shan, who unfortunately could not convert, sending his shot wide of the target.

The crucial second goal for Tahiti came not long after Degrumelle’s near-assist. Captain Teaonui Tehau capitalized on a cross from Eddy Kaspard that initially bypassed Ariiura Labaste, doubling Tahiti’s lead with a composed finish.

Samoa, despite the setback, began to find their footing towards the end of the first half. Greg Siamoa nearly reduced the deficit after executing a neat one-two to break free inside the box, only to be thwarted by a quick reaction from Tahitian goalkeeper François Decoret. Moments later, Dauntae Mariner’s powerful left-footed strike rattled the crossbar, narrowly missing the opportunity to bring Samoa back into the game.

Tehau (center) celebates his goal – FIFA+

The second half saw a noticeable decrease in pace and intensity, likely due to the hot and humid conditions in Suva. Despite the slowed tempo, Tahiti continued to seek opportunities to extend their lead but were unable to significantly challenge Bartley in Samoa’s goal.

With this victory, Tahiti secures an ideal start to their Nations Cup campaign. Meanwhile, Samoa will aim to bounce back in their next match on Wednesday, where they are set to face the co-hosts, Fiji.

Discover more from Oceania Football Center

Subscribe to get the latest posts sent to your email.

Type your email…

Subscribe

Compartilhe isso:
TwitterFacebook
Loading...
Related
Tahiti’s star Teaonui Tehau confident in Toa Aito for OFC Nations Cup
18 de June de 2024

In "Interviews"

Tahiti announces squad for OFC Nations Cup 2024; Teaonui Tehau on the charge
10 de June de 2024

In "News"

Mateo Degrumelle: Tahiti’s talented prodigy confident in upsetting New Zealand
26 de June de 2024

In "Interviews"

Posted by
Rafael Saltori16 de June de 2024
Posted in
News, Samoa, Tahiti
Tags:
Mateo Degrumelle, OFC Nations Cup, Samoa Football, Tahiti Football, Teaonui Tehau
Post navigation
Previous Post
Previous post:

No room for Feni and Orobulu in Solomon Islands debut at OFC Nations Cup
Next Post
Next post:

The ‘Joker’ Andrew Setefano turns into the most international player ever for Samoa
Leave a comment
Oceania Football Center, 
Comment
 
Reblog
 
Subscribe
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://oceaniafootballcenter.org/2024/06/16/degrumelle-and-teaonui-tehau-goals-seal-tahiti-win-over-samoa-at-ofc-nations-cup/ 
 ----- 
