Skip to content
December 24, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
Barbarouses ready to step up for NZ

New Zealand striker Kosta Barabarouses is ready to lead the line for the tournament favourites.

New Zealand striker Kosta Barbarouses after training on Monday 17th of June at the OFC Nations Cup 2024 (Photo: Ola Bjerkevoll)

“It’s not often, when we play in other windows, we’re favourites. We have to acknowledge we’re favourites to win and control the things we can control. We have to know it’s not going to be easy, there’ll be challenges, and we have to be mature and deal with that in the right way. We have to do the basics right, and the rest will have to take care of themselves,” Barbarouses tells Football in Oceania following the All Whites’ training session Monday.

The Kiwis play their opening game against the Solomon Islands on Tuesday. The Solomon Islands lost their first match against Vanuatu and now needs a good result against New Zealand.

“It probably lowers the chance of them playing five at the back and defend the whole game, but then again they might do it anyway and hope for a counter attack or two. We know regardless, its not going to be simple. We’re going to have to be on top of our game to get the job done,” Barbarouses says.

Goalscoring responsibility

With Nottingham Forest’s Chris Wood not in the squad, because he is getting married at the time of the tournament, it’s Barbabarouses who’s looked at as one of the main men to score the goals for the Kiwis.

He’s coming off a solid A-League season, where he netted 13 times in 28 appearances for Wellington Phoenix.

“I haven’t always been a striker, but the last couple of years I’ve moved into that. I’ve had a good year this year, scoring a lot for my club. I deal with responsibility very well usually and I’m the most senior player here, so I need to lead the boys. We have a couple of very good young strikers ready to make an impression. I want to score the goals, but I also want to guide the other guys to do the job as well,” he says.

New Zealand’s Kosta Barbarouses. OFC Nations Cup 2024, New Zealand training session, Montmarte School Port Vila, Sunday 16 June 2024. (Photo: OFC via Phototek)

Monday’s training session was held on a pitch “in the middle of nowhere”, roughly 15 minutes outside Vanuatu’s capital of Port Vila. Barbarouses is a veteran of Nations Cup and knows the conditions aren’t always what they may be used to back home in New Zealand.

“It’s part of the challenge, you know. It’s a challenge just playing two touch-passing. I think the stadium will be a little bit better, but like I said, it’s part of being in the islands and being in Oceania. It’s part of the beauty of it, you just have to embrace it. I’ve been to a many of these tournaments over the years, so I know what to expect, but for many of our guys it’s their first time, and you need to sort of help them deal with the challenges we face. But from what I’ve seen these last few days, they’ve done that pretty well.”

The humidity of Vanuatu is also a challgenge for some players, and may dictate a bit of the pace of play come game time on Wednesday.

“Game management is probably the biggest challenge. Its not realistic to go 100 miles an hour for the entire game in this humidity, so we need to pick our moments. We need to control the game and pick the moments you go on attack. After three or four forward runs or sprints you lose your breath for a few minutes, so if we have control of the game we can control when we go on the offensive,” Barbarouses says.

“Good chance to win a trophy”

He’s one of the veterans in a squad that is also put together with a look at the 2024 Olympics in Paris in a few weeks time.

“We have some very exciting young players in our team and a good mix. So getting everyone together and stamping what we want to do in the first game has been very good,” he says of the time the team has spent since arriving in Vanuatu a few days ago.

They’ve also had extra time to prepare, as their first game was cancelled because of New Caledonia’s withdrawal.

“There’s a lot of players, 6 or 7, that could make their debut tomorrow. Some of them came on the last tour bit didn’t play. I think to give them as much time as possible is good. They’re really looking forward to it and it’s a good chance for us as a nation to win a trophy,” Barbarouses says.

New Zealand training session at Montmarte School Port Vila on Sunday 16 June 2024. (Photo: OFC Media via Phototek)

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: New Zealand, News, Oceania, OFC Nations Cup
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/06/17/barbarouses-ready-to-step-up-for-nz/ 
 ----- 
