Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SPORTS
USA vs. Brazil (6/12/2024): Time, TV channel, how to watch men’s international soccer friendly
Updated: Jun. 12, 2024, 1:02 p.m.|Published: Jun. 12, 2024, 1:00 p.m.

U.S. goalkeeper Matt Turner gives up a goal to Colombia forward Luis Díaz during the second half of an international friendly soccer match Saturday, June 8, 2024, in Landover, Md. (AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana)AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana

By Ben Axelson | baxelson@syracuse.com

The USA and Brazil Men’s National Teams clash in Orlando, Florida, for an international friendly soccer match at Camping World Stadium on Wednesday, June 12 (6/12/2024).

STREAM: USMNT Soccer on DirecTV Stream (free trial).

0:00
/
3:21
Keep Watching
Cincinnati Bengals' Path to Playoffs Ahead of Matchup With Denver BroncosCincinnati Bengals' Path to Playoffs Ahead of Matchup With Denver Broncos

It’s the second of two friendlies slated against familiar foes in the Western Hemisphere ahead of the international Copa America later in June, and the 2024 Paris Olympics in July. The U.S. Men are limping away from a 5-1 drubbing at the hands of Colombia in a friendly last weekend, and are in need of elite opponents to practice against with major competitions looming.

On Saturday, the USA got a serious wake-up call, as Colombia ran circles around the USMNT’s defense, and the Americans made a series of errors that more than cost them the game. Coach Gregg Berhalter had harsh words for his team, calling the loss “a lack of respect for our opponent, the game of soccer and what we were doing,” according to ESPN. Timothy Weah had the USA’s only goal of the game.

Here’s what you need to know to watch:

Who: USMNT vs. Brazil

What: International Men’s Soccer Friendly

When: Wednesday, June 12, 2024

Where: Camping World Stadium, Orlando, Florida

Time: 7 p.m. ET

TV: TNT, truTV, NBC Universo, Telemundo

Channel finder: Verizon Fios, Xfinity, Spectrum, Optimum/Altice, Cox, DirecTV

Live stream: fuboTV (free trial), DirecTV Stream (free trial), Sling (half off first month), Hulu + Live TV, MAX, Peacock

Here’s the upcoming schedule of USMNT games:

Wednesday, 6/12, USMNT vs. Brazil, 7 p.m. ET
Sunday, 6/23, USMNT vs. Bolivia (Copa America), 6 p.m. ET
Thursday, 6/27, USMNT vs. Panama (Copa America), 6 p.m. ET
Monday, 7/1, USMNT vs. Uruguay (Copa America), 9 p.m. ET

Can I bet on the game?

Yes, you can bet on the game from your phone in New York State, and we’ve compiled some of the best introductory offers to help navigate your first bets from BetMGM, FanDuel, DraftKings, Bet365 and more.

NEW USERS
TOP OFFER
Bet $5, Get $150 in Bonus Bets
Claim Now
T&C’s apply.
How to claim
21+ and physically present in NY. For help with a gambling problem call 1-877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369).

Here’s a recent international soccer story, via The AP:

LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — Matt Turner kept falling to the field, the American goalkeeper punching the ground in frustration.

A defensive lapse by Antonee Robinson and aimless defensive play by Johnny Cardoso, Tim Weah and Cameron Carter-Vickers led to four goals in an embarrassing 5-1 defeat to Colombia in a Copa America warmup match on Saturday.

“I’m going to apologize to the fans,” Turner said. “That’s not what we’re about. And, yeah, we need to bounce back in a big way.”

Since a 5-1 loss to Czechoslovakia in the 1990 World Cup, the U.S. had given up that many goals only in a 5-0 loss to Mexico in the 2009 CONCACAF Gold Cup final. It was the Americans’ first four-goal loss since a 4-0 defeat in a 2016 World Cup qualifier at Costa Rica that caused the U.S. Soccer Federation to fire coach Jurgen Klinsmann.

“We’re not framing it as a lesson learned. We’re actually framing it as a wakeup call. Really poor performance against a top team,” U.S. coach Gregg Berhalter said. “From the 75th minute on, it was I think a lack of respect for our opponent, the game of soccer and what we were doing.”

Jhon Arias put Colombia ahead in the sixth minute after the ball deflected to him when Robinson tried a sliding clearance without checking who was near. Rafael Santos Borré doubled the lead with a spectacular overhead kick in the 19th. The U.S. had not given up two goals in the first 20 minutes since a March 2016 World Cup qualifier.

“There’s some glaring things that you have to address if you’re going to compete at this level,” Berhalter said. “Guys just didn’t do their job. It’s about your role, your responsibilty and we didn’t do that.”

Weah cut the deficit to 2-1 in the 58th, but Cardoso’s turnover led to Richard Ríos’ goal in the 77th, Weah’s giveaway to Jorge Carrascal’s in the 85th and Carter-Vickers’ pass that didn’t appear aimed at anyone to Luis Sinisterra’s in the 88th.

“We had a lot of trouble through the middle,” Weah said.

Colombia extended its winning streak to seven and its unbeaten string to 22 since a 1-0 defeat at Argentina in a World Cup qualifier on Feb. 1, 2022.

“Everybody could look in the mirror after that game or needs to look in the mirror after that game and figure it out,” Turner said. “They just had a different intensity about them that we didn’t have.”

The U.S. has six losses and two draws against the Colombians since 2005 and is winless in five games against South American opponents since 2019.

“We take responsibility as a coaching staff, for sure. We can’t put this all on the players,” Berhalter said. “This game will help us understand that when we don’t do the things we’re supposed to do, we’ll get hurt really quickly.”

The U.S. faces Brazil in another friendly on Wednesday at Orlando, Florida, then plays its Copa America opener on June 23 followed by matches against Panama and Uruguay. The U.S. is among six invited guests to the tournament, South America’s championship.

Colombia meets Bolivia in an exhibition at Paraguay on June 15 at East Hartford, Connecticut, then is in a first-round group with Paraguay, Costa Rica and Brazil. The U.S. and Colombia could meet in the quarterfinals.

Before a majority pro-Colombian crowd of 55,494 at Commanders Field, many clad in yellow jerseys, American players wore rainbow numbers on their jerseys for Pride Month.

For the first time in American history, all 11 starters played for clubs in England, Germany, Italy, Spain and France. Just six of 143 starting positions have been filled with Major League Soccer players for the 13 matches the full pool has been available since the 2022 World Cup, including three of 99 since Berhalter returned as coach.

Colombia went ahead in the sixth minute when James Rodriguez threaded a pass that went off the left leg of a sliding Robinson to Arias. He took a touch to get clear of Tim Ream and from 6 yards beat Turner over the goalkeeper’s left shoulder to the near post.

Colombia doubled the lead in the 19th after Rodriguez played a short corner kick to Arias, who crossed. Tom Ream headed the ball in a clearance attempt, and Mateus Uribe headed the ball back in front. With his back to the goal from 5 yards out, Santos Borré leaned back as he jumped and with his right foot made an overhead kick that sent the ball in on a hop to Turner’s left.

Weah, a son of Liberia president and former FIFA Player of the Year George Weah, scored his sixth international goal.

WATCH YOUR FAVORITE TEAMS
Syracuse basketball TV schedule 2024-25: Where to watch live streams of Orange basketball
Where to watch MSG Network without cable in 2024
Best WNBA Finals streaming options: How to watch Liberty vs. Lynx, Sabrina Ionescu live for FREE
MLB World Series 2024 results: Dodgers beat Yankees in 5 games, more postseason scores
NFL Slimetime 2024 on Nickelodeon: How to watch season premiere with Nate Burleson for free

What is DirecTV Stream?

DirecTV Stream is a comprehensive internet TV service that offers your favorite entertainment, news and sports channels, as well as local TV stations and regional sports networks. It’s the only choice for fans who want full access to local, televised sports. DirecTV Stream Choice includes 125+ channels, unlimited DVR storage and thousands of on-demand titles starting at just $98.99 per month.

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
About Us
Photo and Page Reprints
Advertise with us
Jobs at Advance Media New York
Contact Us
Newspaper Archives
Frequently Asked Questions
Accessibility Statement
Submit letter, commentary
Subscriptions
syracuse.com
syracuse.com Orange Sports Insider
The Post-Standard
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
syracuse.com Sections
News
Weather
Business
Sports
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Living
Opinion
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Mobile
Tablet Apps
iPhone, Android apps
More on syracuse.com
Videos
Sitemap
Sponsor Content
Archives
Sell your car
Post a job
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Follow Us
Twitter
Instagram
Facebook
YouTube
RSS
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2024 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.syracuse.com/sports/2024/06/usa-vs-brazil-6122024-time-tv-channel-how-to-watch-mens-international-soccer-friendly.html 
 ----- 
