CLOSE
Weather
54°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Sponsored Content
Sponsored Content | Spanish
Timeless in Texas
Marketplace
More
Help Center
Classifieds
Obituaries
Guides
Back to the Ballot
Parents' Guide to Summer
Voter Guide
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Topics
Soccer
Golf
Today's Articles in Print
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Dallas’ most esoteric restaurant to close — an end to the city’s most interesting food
What we know about the home break-ins of Dallas pro-athletes Luka Doncic, Tyler Seguin
Isolated storms possible in North Texas Saturday evening, forecast says
Luka Doncic is among athletes impacted by recent break-ins. Who else has been burglarized?
Search continues for missing 8-year-old girl days after Christmas Eve crash in Sherman
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
At least 1 dead, 4 injured after tornadoes hit Houston area
Dallas Stars forward Tyler Seguin’s home broken into earlier this season
5 New Mexico Bowl takeaways: TCU, Josh Hoover dominate Louisiana in 31-point victory
Tarrant County Jail inmate died in custody following medical emergency, official says
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSOTHER SPORTS

Pulisic’s goal earns USMNT draw against Brazil in final Copa America warmup
Rodrygo’s 17th-minute goal was answered quickly by Christian Pulisic in the last tune-up before the Copa America.

By The Associated Press

Wire Service

Jun. 12, 2024
|
Updated 8:43 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
U.S. forward Christian Pulisic (10) scores a goal past Brazil goalkeeper Alisson Becker on a free kick during the first half of an international friendly soccer match Wednesday, June 12, 2024, in Orlando, Fla.(John Raoux / ASSOCIATED PRESS)

ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Four days after one of their worst matches, Christian Pulisic and the U.S. soccer team stopped an 11-game losing streak to Brazil with a spirted 1-1 draw that left them with a positive mindset heading into the Copa America.

Pulisic scored in 26th minute to offset Rodrygo’s 17th-minute goal and Matt Turner had 11 saves, the most for an American goalkeeper since Tim Howard’s 15 in the second-round loss to Belgium at the 2014 World Cup.

“It’s obviously a huge bounce back performance for us,” Turner said. “We really stared in the face of adversity and we were able to bounce back a few days later. And in tournament play that’s so, so important because not every result, not every call is going to go your way and you have to be able put things behind you.”

Rebounding from a 5-1 loss to Colombia last weekend, the Americans are now 1-18 with the draw against Brazil, getting their only win in a 1998 CONCACAF Gold Cup semifinal. The Seleção had 61% of possession, outshot the U.S. 24-12 and had a 9-0 advantage in corner kicks.

Sports Roundup

Get the latest D-FW sports news, analysis, scores and more.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

“We feel like we made a little step. It’s not a huge step, but it’s a little step to be able to play against an amazingly talented Brazil team and bend but not break and I think give them problems, as well,” U.S. coach Gregg Berhalter said.

Among six invited guests to the Copa America, the U.S. opens against Bolivia on June 23 and then plays Panama and Uruguay. Brazil, which last won the South American title in 2007, has first-round matches against Costa Rica, Paraguay and Colombia.

ADVERTISEMENT

“It just puts us in a good place,” American defender Tim Ream said. “Obviously, it’s a good result going into tournament play and I think that’s what we needed.”

The game drew a mostly pro-Brazilian crowd of 60,016 to Camping World Stadium, the largest attendance for a U.S. national team game in Florida.

U.S. forward Christian Pulisic (10) celebrates his goal against Brazil on a free kick during the first half of an international friendly soccer match Wednesday, June 12, 2024, in Orlando, Fla. (John Raoux / ASSOCIATED PRESS)

Yunus Musah nearly put the U.S. ahead in the fifth minute with a 25-yard shot that hit the crossbar and ricocheted off the back of goalkeeper Alisson and away from the net.

ADVERTISEMENT

Brazil went ahead when Turner took a back pass from Ream and sent the ball upfield for Musah, who was switching off. Brazilian midfielder Bruno Guimarães intercepted with a header toward Raphinha, who fed Rodrygo with a diagonal pass for his sixth international goal, an 8-yard shot past Turner’s left arm.

Pulisic was pulled down by João Gomes at the edge of the penalty area and slotted a free kick through the defensive wall and past Alisson’s right hand for his 29th goal in 68 international appearances.

Turner made excellent stops on 17-year Endrick in the 70th, Rodrygo in the 74th and Vinícius Júnior in the 87th, then punched away Andreas Pereira’s free kick in the sixth minute of stoppage time. Alisson denied Pulisic in the 68th and Brenden Aaronson in the 80th.

The U.S. again used rainbow numbers for Pride Month, this time on jerseys that were largely blue with a low white diagonal slash and a small amount of red at the bottom.

Berhalter made two changes from Saturday’s 5-1 loss to Colombia, inserting forward Ricardo Pepi and Musah for Folarin Balogun and Johnny Cardoso. All 11 starters played for European clubs — just six of 154 starting positions have been filled with Major League Soccer players for the 14 matches the full pool has been available since the 2022 World Cup, including three of 110 since Berhalter returned as coach.

The U.S. had not played at the former Citrus Bowl since Berhalter made his first international start in an exhibition against Sweden on Jan. 24, 1998.

Brazil coach Dorival Júnior changed 10 of 11 starters from Saturday’s 3-2 win over Mexico, keeping Alisson as the only holdover.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
FC Dallas acquires defender Shaq Moore in trade with Nashville SC
FC Dallas follows familiar path, emphasizes defense with 2025 MLS SuperDraft selections
USWNT’s Trinity Rodman opens up on relationship with Dennis Rodman: ‘He’s not a dad’

Find more FC Dallas coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By The Associated Press
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Dallas’ most esoteric restaurant to close — an end to the city’s most interesting food
2
Police: Mavs’ Luka Doncic’s Dallas home burglarized Friday, $30K worth of jewelry stolen
3
A North Texas high school locked up cellphones. Here’s what happened
4
Mavericks’ Naji Marshall, P.J. Washington receive suspensions for fight with Jusuf Nurkic
5
Dallas appeals court upholds conviction in murder-for-hire of Uptown dentist
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2024 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/other-sports/2024/06/12/pulisics-goal-earns-usmnt-draw-against-brazil-in-final-copa-america-warmup/ 
 ----- 
