SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
USMNT, Brazil battle to draw in final pre-Copa América friendly
MLSsoccer staff

Thursday, Jun 13, 2024, 01:11 AM

Christian Pulisic's free-kick goal salvaged a 1-1 draw for the US men's national team Wednesday night against Brazil in their final friendly before the 2024 Copa América.

Seeking a bounce-back after Saturday's lopsided loss to Colombia, the USMNT came out swinging in front of 60,016 fans at Camping World Stadium in Orlando and almost took the early lead when Yunus Musah smashed a long-range effort off the crossbar.

However, Brazil struck in the 17th minute after a wayward goal kick allowed Real Madrid winger Rodrygo to beat Matt Turner at the near post.

The Yanks found the equalizer just nine minutes later via Pulisic, whose low free kick went through the defensive wall and past goalkeeper Alisson.

Things remained level through the final whistle, although not for lack of opportunities in the second half. But both Turner and Alisson came through when tested – with the latter making a diving save to deny Pulisic in the 68th minute – to secure the draw.

Goals
17' - BRA - Rodrygo | WATCH
26' - USA - Christian Pulisic | WATCH
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: It wasn't a win, but the USMNT got the next-best thing: a solid performance and result against a world-class opponent in their final Copa América tune-up match. Wednesday's showing allows Gregg Berhalter's squad to build momentum and confidence with an international trophy up for grabs. Now the games matter for real, beginning with their June 23 opener against Bolivia.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Fears of a second-straight US loss undoubtedly began to creep in after Brazil took the early lead. Pulisic put those fears to rest by earning and scoring the game-tying free kick golazo.

🚨 CHRISTIAN PULISIC FREE KICK AGAINST BRAZIL 🚨

Watch USA vs. Brazil on TNT, Max or truTV 📺 pic.twitter.com/EicP9We7Q2

— B/R Football (@brfootball) June 12, 2024
MAN OF THE MATCH: Shoutout to Joe Scally for his display at right back, more than holding his own against none other than Vinicius Júnior, but Pulisic gets the nod for another captain-worthy performance.

🫡 @pulisic pic.twitter.com/9mbypkJtPQ

— U.S. Soccer Men's National Team (@USMNT) June 13, 2024
Next Up
USA: Sunday, June 23 vs. Bolivia | 6 pm ET (FOX, Univision) | 2024 Copa América
BRA: Monday, June 24 vs. Costa Rica | 9 pm ET (FS1, UniMás) | 2024 Copa América
MLSsoccer staff -
@mls
US MEN'S NATIONAL TEAM
MATCHDAY
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/usmnt-brazil-battle-to-draw-in-final-pre-copa-america-friendly 
 ----- 
