European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
How prepared are the Saudi Pro League-based players for Euro 2024 and the Copa America?
By Patrick Boyland
Jun 12, 2024

9

Will Cristiano Ronaldo, N’Golo Kante and the other Saudi Arabia-based stars be ready to impress at this summer’s European Championship and Copa America after spending time away from the respective continents’ major leagues?

That is one of the big questions as the tournaments gets underway this week.

Ronaldo, in particular, continues to pick up accolades for his record-breaking feats, but has not been able to help Al Nassr to success this season. Kante, meanwhile, is finally back in the France squad after a lengthy absence from the national setup.

Two other former Premier League players, Aleksandar Mitrovic and Ruben Neves, have both excelled for Saudi Pro League winners Al Hilal, but there have also been a fair share of flops, too. But, after a season in the Saudi Pro League, how prepared will the contingent be heading to Germany or the Copa? And how concerned are their national team coaches about their ability to perform on the biggest stage?

The Athletic takes a look.

On an individual level, at least, Cristiano Ronaldo continues to grab headlines. The 39-year-old struck 50 times in 51 appearances for Al Nassr this season, including a record 35 in the Saudi Pro League.

It was the kind of impact expected when the Portuguese joined on a dizzying £170million ($216.4m) annual salary at the end of 2022, but not enough to prevent the Riyadh-based club finishing 14 points behind league winners Al Hilal in the Pro League table.

Indeed, the domestic season ended in disappointment for Ronaldo, with Al Nassr beaten on penalties by Al Hilal in the King’s Cup final at the end of last month. After a 5-4 shootout defeat, a visibly upset Ronaldo slumped to the turf before leaving the pitch in tears to chants of “Messi, Messi” from some fans, much to the apparent delight of Al Hilal’s injured former Barcelona forward Neymar watching on in the stands.

Messi-inspired taunts are nothing new for Ronaldo, of course, but have led to him losing his cool this season. In February, he was given a one-match ban for an offensive gesture after cupping his ear to Al Shabab supporters and thrusting his hands towards his pelvis.

Even at 39, though, Ronaldo remains a key man for his country. He struck 10 goals in qualifying for Roberto Martinez’s side and is likely to dovetail with Paris Saint-Germain’s Goncalo Ramos in an exciting-looking Portugal attack.

Ronaldo has spent a period after the King’s Cup defeat recuperating with family on holiday, missing last Tuesday’s 4-2 friendly win over Finland before watching the 2-1 defeat to Croatia from the bench.

But the fact that he scored twice in Tuesday’s 3-0 win over the Republic of Ireland underlines that he remains pivotal to Portugal’s chances of success. This summer may represent a final chance to bow out from major international competition on a high.

Two years after his last call-up, N’Golo Kante is back in the France squad. The former Chelsea midfielder missed the 2022 World Cup through injury but made 44 appearances for Al-Ittihad after joining last summer.

Last season’s champions slipped to fifth this time around, finishing a staggering 42 points off top spot, but Kante did enough to prove his fitness to national team head coach Didier Deschamps.

	Kante has rediscovered his rhythm in Saudi Arabia (Yasser Bakhsh/Getty Images)

“I am convinced that the team will be better with him,” Deschamps said after naming his squad. “He has regained his athletic abilities. We can discuss the specific intensity in Saudi Arabia, but he played more than 4,000 minutes.

“He has a status and that weighs heavy, but it’s N’Golo and N’Golo is always fine. Even in training, players prefer to have him in their team than facing him.”

Some 733 days after his last cap, Kante played 64 minutes of a 3-0 win over Luxembourg last Wednesday before playing a full 90 in a goalless draw with Canada on Sunday.

His return is timely for Les Bleus, especially given fellow midfielder Aurelien Tchouameni’s recent injury problems.

A popular member of the squad, Kante has impressed team-mates since joining up with the group at Clairefontaine ahead of this summer’s tournament.

“It’s incredible because I think he is capable of occupying two positions at the same time,” right-back Jonathan Clauss said. “His work rate and intelligence are very impressive.

“We’ve found him the same as always: very quiet but always smiling, always positive and never with a bad word to say.”

	Kante returned to French colours against Luxembourg last week (Catherine Steenkeste/Getty Images)

After developing leadership traits in Saudi, he is expected to impart his vast knowledge on France’s youthful core of players such as Tchouameni, Eduardo Camavinga and Warren Zaire-Emery.

“I’m almost the same but it’s a new experience being in Saudi, in a different role as an experienced player who has to help young players,” Kante said. “Passing stuff on to the team is something I’ve learned there. Here, it happens naturally and doesn’t need to be forced.

“I knew that it would perhaps be more difficult to get back into the squad, but also I knew that if I performed well I still had a chance.

“I have no doubt over my capacities. I come off the back of a season where matches were very close. I played regularly and that was an excellent way of getting into top condition.”

Only Ronaldo scored more Pro League goals this season than Aleksandar Mitrovic (28) as the former Fulham man helped steer Al Hilal to the league and cup double.

The Serbian has bullied defences with his physicality this season, scoring 40 times in just 44 games across all competitions, including the opener in the recent King’s Cup final.

“The physicality of the league, of the players, the tempo of the game is different,” the 29-year-old told Sky last month. Repeating the feat in Germany is likely to be challenging.

	Mitrovic won a league and cup double at Al Hilal (Yasser Bakhsh/Getty Images)

Fellow Serbian Sergej Milinkovic-Savic has also thrived at Al Hilal this season, scoring 12 times and registering 17 assists in 44 appearances, and will be key to his country’s hopes.

Former Wolves midfielder Ruben Neves was another member of that dominant Al Hilal side, registering 19 goal involvements across 48 appearances from his deep-lying role. Neves officially joined the Saudi club on July 1 last summer for a fee of £47million and ruled himself out of a January loan move to Newcastle United.

“There was Newcastle interest before I came here but I’m really happy here, my family’s really happy, so I’m having a great time,” he told the BBC.

Like Ronaldo, the 27-year-old played 120 minutes in the King’s Cup final at the end of the month, missing a penalty in the shootout, and was given extra leave by Portugal to recuperate before joining up with the group ahead of the Euros.

Neves will compete for a place in a stacked Portugal midfield also boasting Bruno Fernandes, Joao Palhinha, Matheus Nunes and PSG’s Vitinha among others.

	Neves helps Ronaldo back to his feet during a league game between Al Nassr and Al Hilal (Yasser Bakhsh/Getty Images)

Al Hilal lost just once in 53 games this season and won three domestic trophies. But concerns over the quality and competitive balance of Saudi’s top division remain.

According to Opta’s most recent power rankings, the Saudi Pro League is the 27th-strongest league in the world. Analysis from Twenty First Group ranks them even lower, at 59, with the expansion from 16 to 18 teams dragging the overall average down. Twenty First’s rankings are based purely on results, with both Al Nassr and Al Hilal losing to the UAE’s Al Ain in the AFC Champions League.

Aymeric Laporte made headlines earlier this season when he spoke out about the difficulties in adapting to life in the Pro League. In an interview with Spanish media, the ex-Manchester City defender claimed “many players are unhappy”.

“It’s a big change and they have not made it easy for us,” he said. “Many of us have also come here not only for football and are happy with that. In terms of quality of life, I expected something different because in the end here you spend three hours a day in the car.”

Laporte made 39 appearances for second-place Al Nassr, who ended with the joint-fifth-best defensive record overall.

He was named in Spain’s 26-man squad for the Euros but missed their 5-0 warm-up win over Andorra last Wednesday after playing in the King’s Cup final, before a second-half appearance as a substitute in the 5-1 win over Northern Ireland.

	Laporte competes with Michael Oliveira (Neville Hopwood/Getty Images)

Georginio Wijnaldum was made captain by his former Liverpool team-mate Steven Gerrard at Al-Ettifaq after Jordan Henderson left the club for Ajax in January.

Ettifaq struggled between November and February, going winless in eight games and finished sixth overall, with the Dutchman their second-top scorer on seven.

Now 33, Wijnaldum admitted that he had pushed to join Feyenoord before leaving PSG for Saudi last summer. He has since told Dutch media that “life is very good” in his new home. “From what I have seen, everybody is welcome in Saudi,” he said.

Wijnaldum faces competition from Frenkie de Jong and Ryan Gravenberch for a place in Ronald Koeman’s side this summer.

	Wijnaldum runs with the ball against Al Wehda (Yasser Bakhsh/Getty Images)

Versatile Belgian forward Yannick Carrasco managed seven goals and seven assists as Al Shabab finished eighth. The 30-year-old started on the left wing as Belgium warmed up for the Euros with a 2-0 win over Montenegro last week.

Demarai Gray struck four goals and registered four assists for Ettifaq this season after joining from Everton and is expected to be a key part of Jamaica’s attack for this summer’s Copa America alongside Fulham’s Bobby Decordova-Reid.

Then there are the absentees. The most high profile from this summer’s Copa is Neymar.

The Brazilian, who joined Al Hilal in an £80million move last summer, is recovering from an anterior cruciate ligament injury sustained playing for his country in October.

“It’s painful, there’s a lot of suffering,” he said this month. “Seven months have already passed since the injury, and there are still some to go, but we’re getting there.”

The 32-year-old also played down talk of a move back to former club Santos.

“I still have one year left at Al Hilal and hope to have a great season. It’s true that Santos is the club of my heart and I would like to return one day, but I don’t have a plan in mind”.

Brazil’s Copa squad contains no Saudi-based players, with former Liverpool duo Roberto Firmino and Fabinho high-profile omissions.

Firmino scored a hat-trick on his debut for Al-Ahli but failed to score in his next 18 appearances, prompting speculation he was looking for a move back to the Premier League.

He was relegated to the bench in November but ended his drought in February from the penalty spot and ended with nine goals and six assists in 32 league appearances.

	Firmino will be absent at the Copa (Yasser Bakhsh/Getty Images)

Fabinho, meanwhile, won five of his first six matches at Al-Ittihad, but missed two months of the season through injury before returning to play 45 minutes on the final day against Al Nassr.

“Embarrassing” was Toni Kroos reply to news that Spanish gem Gabri Veiga had chosen to swap Celta Vigo for Al-Ahli last summer. Veiga, for his part, said he saw it as his “best option to develop as a player”.

But the move has not yet worked out as hoped. Troubled by an ankle injury, midfielder Veiga managed just 18 starts and four goals this season and was left out of Spain’s squad for this summer’s tournament.

A host of top clubs have been linked with a move to bring the 22-year-old back to Europe.

(Top photos: Getty Images)

Get all-access to exclusive stories.

Subscribe to The Athletic for in-depth coverage of your favorite players, teams, leagues and clubs. Try a week on us.

Start Free Trial

Patrick Boyland has been The Athletic's Everton correspondent since 2019. Prior to joining the company, he worked for ESPN, Mail Online and press agency Sportsbeat, where he covered numerous major sporting events. Boyland's views on Everton have been sought out by local and national media, while he is also a regular on a number of podcasts focusing on the club. Follow him on Twitter: @Paddy_Boyland

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5542772/2024/06/12/saudi-euro2024-copa-ronaldo-kante-mitrovic/ 
 ----- 
