Skip to main content
FMF State Of Mind homepage
FMF State of Mind, for Mexican Soccer fans
Follow FMF State Of Mind online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
FMF State Of Mind main menu
LIGA MX STANDINGS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

NATIONAL TEAM NEWS
 
INTERNATIONAL FEATURES
Last-minute goal gives Brazil victory over Mexico

Brazil got a late winner to defeat Mexico by a 3-2 score.

By rhzunam80  Jun 11, 2024, 5:30pm PDT  1 Comment / 1 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
Photo by Tim Warner/Getty Images

Mexico bounced back from their disappointing match against Uruguay but it wasn’t enough as they lost against Brazil by a 3-2 score. Mexico came back from a 2-0 deficit to get a 2-2 tie in injury time but minutes later would allow a goal that gave them a second loss in their last friendly before the 2024 Copa America. Mexico will travel to San DIego and bunker down before they make their Copa America debut on June 22nd against Jamaica in Houston. Brazil will make their debut two days later against Costa Rica in Inglewood.

The 1st half started with Mexico coming out with a lot closer 11 to their A team than against Uruguay. The notable omission was injured Cesar Montes place being taken by Edson Alvarez. 15 seconds into the match, Andreas Pereira made a run and got off a low cross into the area that was just out of reach of Gabriel Martinelli. A great pass from Savio, found Andreas Pereira, who got past two defenders and then got off a right footed shot past Mexico’s goalkeeper, Julio Gonzalez, and into the net to score the early goal that gave Brazil the 1-0 lead. It was an even early lead than against Uruguay even with a better team on the field. After getting the ball outside the area, Luis Chavez got off a left footed shot that went wide. After getting the ball in the area, Yan Couto got off a cross that went pat Gonzalez but luckily for Mexico, no brazilian was there for the easy tap in. Gerardo Arteaga got off a left footed shot that would force Brazil’s goalkeeper, Alisson, to make a good save. After a mistake, Alisson would bobble a clearance but it fell to Carlos Rodriguez, who whiffed on the shot and missed a great opportunity. Douglas Luiz got off a right footed shot from outside the area but it went wide. A bad backpass from Brazil went right to Santiago Gimenez but his left footed shot was deflected wide by Eder Militao. The halftime whistle blew and although Mexico had evened out the match at least in possession, the fact is Mexico looked toothless out there and Brazil had a comfortable 1-0 lead.

The 2nd half started with both teams coming out with the same players they started the match with. After making a good run and getting past Johan Vasquez, Couto would get a pass into the area, right into the path of Gabriel Martinelli, who got a low right footed shot past Gonzalez to score and give Brazil the 2-0 lead. It was a similar start to the 2nd half as the 1st and Brazil looked to be in complete command. Unfortunately once again Mexican fans made the chant off a goal kick and the match was stopped as the warning went out thru the speakers. Brazil subbed out Andreas Pereira, Evanilson and Gabriel Martinelli for Lucas Paqueta, Endrick and Pepe. Mexico subbed out Luis Chavez and Carlos Rodriguez for Alexis Vega and Orbelin Pineda. Endrick would get past a defender and get off a low shot that would deflect of Alvarez and go past Gonzalez but go wide. A great counter finished with Pineda making a pass go Gimenez, who looked like he was brought down but nothing was called. After Mexico won a ball, it would reach Vega,who would make a great cross into the area that found Julian Quiñones, who got off a close range shot past Alisson to score and place the score at 2-1. Brazil subbed out Douglas Luiz and Savio for Bruno Guimaraes and Vinicius. A good combination play with Guimaraes, ended with a right footed shot from Vinicius but Gonzalez made a good save. Mexico subbed out Uriel Antuna for Jordi Cortizo. Brazil subbed out Ederson for Joao Gomes. After Mexico lost a ball, Brazil would make a good combination play that ended with Endrick getting off a right footed shot wide. Mexico subbed out Santiago Gimenez and Julian Quiñones for Guillermo Martinez and Cesar Huerta. Cortizo tried to make a move and ended up losing the ball to Vinicius, who would get into the area before Alvarez made a great sliding tackle to clear the ball. Off corner kick cross, Guillermo Martinez would get off a header that Alisson saved but left the ball there for Martinez to get off a great left footed shot past him and into the net to score and tie the match at 2-2. It was a great play from the Pumas’ attacker, who scored his second goal with the Mexican National team. Two minutes later, Vinicius would easily get off past two players to get the time to get off a cross into the area where Endrick would get a wide open header that would go past Gonzalez and into the net to score and give Brazil the 3-2 lead. It was a killer goal that looked to have given the victory. Unlike Mexico, Brazil would do a good job of defending the final minute and would get the victory as Mexico ended with a gut wrenching end to their pretty disappointing friendly preparation for the 2024 Copa America.

After Mexico’s disastrous 4-0 loss against Uruguay, Mexico needed a big performance to make it up for it and although they came close to getting a great result, it wasn’t enough. With a team closer to the A squad, Mexico looked a lot better but they still struggled defensively. The high press is still not working and although they midfield improved, the Carlos Rodriguez-Luis Chavez combination didn’t work. Mexico failed to create much of anything offensively until the duo was subbed out for Vega and Pineda. The problem being that with Brazil having a 2-0 lead, it might have been a matter of the play in the match and not necessarily clear if it will function from the start. Mexico will now have tu bunker and Coach Jaime Lozano will have to get on it because things don’t look good for the 2024 Copa America and it might be the end of the road for him should Mexico go 3 and out in the tournament.

MORE FROM FMF STATE OF MIND
Real Madrid prevail over Pachuca to win Intercontinental Cup
America becomes first “Tricampeon” in short season era after winning Liga MX final over Rayados.
Club América heads to Monterrey for the second leg of the final with a narrow 2-1 lead
Pachuca defeat Al Ahly to win Challenger Cup and qualify to Intercontinental Cup final.
Pachuca defeats Libertadores’ champions Botafogo to win Derby of Las Americas title.
Club América and Cruz Azul battle it out to a scoreless draw in the first leg of the semi-finals
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status
Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
	
Vox Media
Advertise with us
Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2024 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fmfstateofmind.com/2024/6/11/24175131/last-minute-goal-gives-brazil-victory-over-mexico-national-team-fifa-friendly 
 ----- 
