SACRAMENTO KINGS

Domantas Sabonis racks up rare ‘perfect’ triple-double

Nov 7, 2024, 8:05 AM

(Photo by Ezra Shaw/Getty Images)

Share 

BY FRANKIE CARTOSCELLI




Lead Editor & Kings Beat Writer

Stuffing the stat sheet isn’t new to Domantas Sabonis, but the three-time All-Star delivered one of the rarest final lines you will see in basketball on Wednesday night.

During the Sacramento Kings’ 122-107 win over the Toronto Raptors, Sabonis scored 17 points, grabbed 11 rebounds, and handed out 13 assists while going a perfect six-for-six from the field and five-of-five from the free throw line.

Possibly the most impressive aspect of Sabonis’ third triple-double? No turnovers.

Not only did Sabonis become the second Kings player in the Sacramento era (1985-present) to post a triple-double with no turnovers (Chris Webber, 2000), but he also joined an exclusive list of NBA talents to post a triple-double with no misses from the field or charity stripe and no turnovers.

According to Stathead, Sabonis is the first player to post a ‘perfect’ triple-double since the 1977-78 season. This adds to a growing legacy that already ranks the two-time All-NBA center tenth on the all-time triple-doubles list (61).

Domantas Sabonis becomes the first player since 1977-78 with…

✅ a triple-double
✅ NO turnovers
✅ NO missed shots
✅ NO missed free throws

Flawless night from the Kings center! pic.twitter.com/k08WUHHdSp

— NBA (@NBA) November 7, 2024

One season removed from leading the NBA with 77 double-doubles and 26 triple-doubles, Sabonis has already asserted himself near the top of the leaderboards in those respective categories in the early stages of the 2024-25 campaign.

If it seems like Sabonis can sleepwalk his way into a double-double, it’s probably because he can.

Since the start of the 2022-23 season, Sabonis has led all NBA players in double-doubles (149), including seven in the first eight games thus far to tie for the league lead.

He makes it look easy, and the Kings are benefiting the most from their center’s impressive play. Following an 0-2 start to the season, Sacramento (5-3) has won five of its past six games as it picks up steam in the Western Conference standings.

Sabonis has been a force in all aspects for the Kings, averaging 20.3 points, 13.1 rebounds, and 7.3 assists per game on 63/50/84 shooting splits.

With Sabonis continuing to stuff the stat sheet, new face DeMar DeRozan leading the scoring charge on a nightly basis, and De’Aaron Fox still due to pop offensively, the Kings have the making of a team that can make some noise in a loaded West.

When is the next Sacramento Kings game?

Sacramento will conclude a brief two-game homestand on Friday night at Golden 1 Center against James Harden and the Los Angeles Clippers.

The Clippers have a new look this season following the departure of star forward Paul George, and they will also be without Kawhi Leonard (knee) for the foreseeable future.

Be sure to catch all of the Kings vs. Clippers action right here on Sactown Sports 1140 AM, with pregame coverage starting at 2:00 PM PT on The Drive Guys before action tips off at 7:00 PM PT from downtown Sacramento.

Sacramento Kings 2024-25 Schedule
Friday, November 8th – vs. Los Angeles Clippers – 7:00 PM PT
Sunday, November 10th – @ Phoenix Suns – 5:00 PM PT
Monday, November 11th – @ San Antonio Spurs – 5:00 PM PT
Wednesday, November 13th – vs. Phoenix Suns – 7:00 PM PT
Friday, November 15th – vs. Minnesota Timberwolves – 7:00 PM PT

Thank you for reading SactownSports.com. Follow us on Twitter and Google News, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.

Newsletter
Share 
Sacramento Kings

Field Level Media

Surging Kings out to cement identity vs. Celtics

1 hour ago

Brenden Nunes

Jared Weiss helps preview Kings upcoming matchup in Boston

6 hours ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

2025 NBA All-Star voting update: Fox & Sabonis in need of boost

13 hours ago

Frankie Cartoscelli

Sam Amick thinks ‘the writing is on the wall’ for De’Aaron Fox & the Kings

14 hours ago

Brenden Nunes

Doug Christie: Kings are continuing to find themselves

1 day ago

Brenden Nunes

Keegan Murray is feeling like himself again after returning from injury

1 day ago

Domantas Sabonis racks up rare ‘perfect’ triple-double

Facebook

Twitter

LinkedIn

Email Story


CONTACT US
FOLLOW ON FACEBOOK
FOLLOW ON TWITTER
JOB OPENINGS
ARIZONASPORTS.COM | DENVERSPORTS.COM | KSLSPORTS.COM | SACTOWNSPORTS.COM | SEATTLESPORTS.COM
AIM DIGITAL AGENCY
© 2025 BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY | DO NOT SELL MY DATA
EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT | COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT | LICENSING
FCC APPLICATIONS | FCC PUBLIC FILE
Cookie Notice
This website uses cookies and similar tracking technologies (pixels, beacons, tags, etc.), belonging to us or third parties (including, but not limited to the Meta Pixel and Google Pixel), to improve your experience, optimize performance and our services, to understand your usage through analytics, and to personalize advertising tailored to your interests on our site and third party sites. By continuing to use our site, you consent to such use of cookies, etc.. Please visit our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy where you can find out more about cookies and how to manage them. Your use of our site is deemed your consent.
Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sactownsports.com/nba-sacramento-kings-domantas-sabonis-triple-double-rare/ 
 ----- 
