Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
Guadeloupe vs Suriname Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024
Guadeloupe vs Suriname Prediction and Betting Tips | 9th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 08, 2024 15:41 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Guatemala v Guadeloupe: Group D - 2023 CONCACAF Gold Cup

Guadeloupe will welcome Suriname to Stade Roger Zami in the CONCACAF Nations League on Monday. The hosts will hope to make up for their recent collapse while the visitors are looking to claim the top spot.

Guadeloupe vs Suriname Preview

Guadeloupe earned promotion to League A from B in the previous edition following a brilliant campaign that saw them winning five out of six matches. This is the first time they will be competing in League A. Another good run this term could hand them a ticket to the highly coveted CONCACAF Nations League Finals.

Les Gwada Boys were beaten by Costa Rica 3-0 in their Group A opening game on Thursday, leaving them bottom with a minus-three goal difference. The defeat halted the hosts’ impressive winning run of three matches. Guadeloupe will be in search of their second win over Suriname in all competitions.

Trending

Suriname were able to maintain their league from the previous edition, as they will be competing in League A for the third time. They defeated Guyana 3-1 on the road to kick-start their campaign in Group A on a bright note. The visitors sit second in the group, tied on three points with top-placed Costa Rica.

Natio are undefeated in their last five matches, boasting four wins with 15 goals scored against three conceded. They will hope to stretch their purple patch as they head for this meeting. The last time the sides clashed was in the Gold Cup in 2021, with Suriname snatching a 2-1 win at the Franklin Essed Stadion in Paramaribo.

Guadeloupe vs Suriname Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Guadeloupe have won once, drawn once and lost twice in their last four matches against Suriname.
Guadeloupe have won four times and lost once in their last five matches at home.
Guadeloupe have scored 10 goals and conceded five in their last five matches.
Suriname have won twice, drawn once and lost twice in their last five matches on the road.
Guadeloupe have won thrice and lost twice in their last five matches while Suriname have won four times and drawn once. Form Guide: Guadeloupe – L-W-W-W-L, Suriname – W-W-W-D-W.
Guadeloupe vs Suriname Prediction

Guadeloupe are aware of the caliber of the opposition they are set to face and thus must be at their best to make their home advantage count.

Suriname will take confidence from their previous successes against Guadeloupe, but that may not be enough considering the hosts’ determination.

Guadeloupe are expected to prevail based on home advantage.

Prediction: Guadeloupe 2-1 Suriname

Guadeloupe vs Suriname Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – Guadeloupe to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: Guadeloupe to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Suriname to score - Yes

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/guadeloupe-vs-suriname-prediction-betting-tips-9th-september-2024 
 ----- 
