MLB
Atlanta Braves
Braves: Matt Olson shatters Atlanta record books with 52nd HR

Matt Olson finally broke his tie with Andruw Jones for the most home runs in a single season in Braves history.

By 

Angelo Guinhawa

Sep 16, 2023 at 6:25 PM ET

Matt Olson finally did it. He now stands alone at the top of the Atlanta Braves' record books when it comes to home runs in a single season.

Entering Saturday's game against the Miami Marlins, Olson needed just one home run to break his tie with Andruw Jones for the Braves' single-season HR record. The 29-year-old then blasted his 52nd homer at the top of the sixth inning, with the ball traveling 433 feet to the right center field.

ClutchPoints
@ClutchPoints
·
Follow

Matt Olson BLASTS his 52nd homer of the season 💥

He now holds the Braves franchise record for the most home runs in a single season 🙌



Watch on Twitter
9:59 PM · Sep 16, 2023
16
Reply
Copy link
Read 2 replies
Expand Tweet

Andruw Jones' record of 51 homers stood for 18 years after he set it in 2005. However, there's simply no stopping Matt Olson amid the brilliant season he's having with the playoff-bound Braves, who have absolutely dominated the season en route to having the best record in the MLB.

Related Atlanta Braves News
Article continues below
MLB rumors: The Ronald Acuna Jr., Spencer Strider reason Braves are slow-playing offseason
4d
MLB rumors: Braves still expected to make additions after ‘alarming’ start to offseason
5d
4 starting pitchers Braves must sign after losing Max Fried, Charlie Morton
5d
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 w

Olson claiming the Braves record isn't really a big surprise. After he tied Jones' number on Tuesday against the Philadelphia Phillies, it was only a matter of when and not if he would break the record.

The former Oakland Athletics star and two-time Gold Glove winner also continues to extend his lead for the most home runs this season. So far, he's the only player who has breached the 50-HR  mark, with the closest being Pete Alonso at 45.

For what it's worth, after Olson tied Jones' HR feat earlier in the week, the Braves legend issued a challenge for the Atlanta star to attempt to make it 60. While it seems unlikely since they only have 14 games left after Saturday's showdown, it will certainly be fun to see Olson try. No Brave has done it before, and it would be epic if Olson could be the first.

Angelo Guinhawa is a senior associate editor primarily covering the NBA, NFL, soccer, and college sports at ClutchPoints. With a degree from the University of Batangas, Angelo has previous bylines at Fox Sports PH, The Sports Quotient, and SBOTOP.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: The Ronald Acuna Jr., Spencer Strider reason Braves are slow-playing offseason
4 days ago
MLB rumors: Braves still expected to make additions after ‘alarming’ start to offseason
5 days ago
4 starting pitchers Braves must sign after losing Max Fried, Charlie Morton
5 days ago
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 weeks ago
Braves, Angels agree to pitching trade
3 weeks ago
Braves sign veteran outfielder to 1-year contract
3 weeks ago
3 moves Braves must make to replace Max Fried
4 weeks ago
Ex-Braves star John Smoltz reacts to Yankees’ Max Fried signing
4 weeks ago
MLB rumors: Max Fried expected to sign with Yankees or Red Sox
1 month ago
Braves sign ex-Guardians reliever to deal
1 month ago
MLB rumors: Orioles, Braves among 2 teams showing interest in Nathan Eovaldi
1 month ago
1 trade Braves must make during offseason
1 month ago
Matt Olson
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Update Privacy Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/braves-news-matt-olson-shatters-atlanta-record-books-with-52nd-home-run 
 ----- 
