MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Matt Olson sets Braves’ franchise record for single-season home runs: How he achieved the milestone
By David O'Brien and The Athletic Staff
Sep 16, 2023

56

Atlanta Braves first baseman Matt Olson set a franchise record for single-season home runs on Saturday against the Miami Marlins. Here’s what you need to know:

Olson has 52 home runs, surpassing former Braves outfielder Andruw Jones’ 51. He tied Jones’ record on Sept. 12.
Olson hit a game-tying leadoff homer in the sixth inning off Marlins pitcher Steven Okert, a 433-foot drive to center.
The 29-year-old is the MLB leader in home runs and RBIs (129). He is seven homers ahead of Pete Alonso, who is second.

The Athletic’s instant analysis:

How Olson got here

It took 18 years for another Brave, Olson, to finally hit as many home runs in a season as Jones did in 2005. It took only four more days for Olson to bump Jones off the top rung on the Braves’ single-season homer ladder.

It was the left-handed slugger’s 10th homer off a lefty pitcher in what has become the defining season so far in the career of Olson, an Atlanta-area native and Parkview High School graduate who has done what many thought was impossible — fill the shoes of longtime Braves first baseman Freddie Freeman, a perennial All-Star and MVP candidate who was beloved in Atlanta but is now playing for his hometown Los Angeles Dodgers.

Freeman signed with the Los Angeles Dodgers after the Braves balked at his free-agent asking price at the beginning of 2022 spring training, when Atlanta general manager and president of baseball operations Alex Anthopoulos pivoted to Olson, pulling off a trade for the younger (by 4 ½ years) first baseman and then signing Olson to an eight-year, $168 million contract within 24 hours of finalizing the trade.

While Freeman is also having another elite season, batting .336 with a Dodgers-record 55 doubles and a .986 OPS before L.A.’s late game Saturday, Olson has literally twice as many homers as Freeman (26) and also has a majors-leading 129 RBIs to Freeman’s 93. Olson is only six RBIs from matching Hall of Famer Eddie Mathews’ franchise record of 135 set in 1953. The Atlanta-era franchise record is Gary Sheffield’s 132 in 2003.

In 80 games since moving from the second spot in the batting order to cleanup on June 15, Olson leads the majors in homers (34), RBIs (84) and home runs per at-bat (one every 9.0). He was batting .228 with an .830 OPS at the end of the day on June 14, and now has a .271 average with a 1.005 OPS that ranked second in the NL behind the Dodgers’ Mookie Betts (1.016) before Saturday night.

“Just really great all-around baseball player,” Braves pitcher Max Fried said of Olson. “Obviously the power is on the forefront and you see it a lot, and that’s what everyone’s going to talk about. But his ability to make an impact on the game every which way, whether it’s offensively, defensively, he’s able to score from first on a double in the gap. He’s really able to affect the game in a lot of different ways.”

Olson was named National League Player of the Week for the period that ended Sept. 10, the second time he won the award in a four-week span. And he has nine homers and 17 RBIs in his past 13 games, with an OPS over 1.600 in that span.

Olson has played in over 400 consecutive games, the longest active streak in the majors, and is the only Brave who has started every game this season after Ronald Acuña Jr. missed Saturday’s game with calf tightness and Austin Riley missed two starts last week due to sickness. Acuña, Riley and Olson — like Freeman and Dansby Swanson when they were Braves — have prided themselves on playing every game.

“That’s big for those guys, and I know it’s big for me,” Braves manager Brian Snitker said of having players who want to play every day and Olson having the longest active streak in the majors. “I love a guy that signs a contract to play, and plays.” — O’Brien

Backstory

Olson is in his second season with Atlanta, which signed the first baseman to an eight-year, $168 million extension last March a day after acquiring him in a trade with the Oakland Athletics. The two-time All-Star’s previous career high for home runs in a season was 39 in 2021.

Required reading
Matt Olson’s power-hitting binge has pushed Braves’ slugger into MVP conversation
Matt Olson is the Braves’ first baseman, and teammates love him

(Photo: Sam Navarro / USA Today)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4869047/2023/09/16/braves-matt-olson-franchise-record-home-runs/ 
 ----- 
