Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
The unsung heroes of Miami's dominant win vs. Atlanta
Share
The unsung heroes of Miami's dominant win vs. Atlanta
September 17th, 2023

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share

0:01

0:28

MIAMI -- Moments after thunder roared outside loanDepot park on Saturday night, Jake Burger and Jazz Chisholm Jr. gave the Dominican Republic Heritage Celebration crowd reason to make more noise than the storm.

Burger lined a go-ahead two-run homer and Chisholmcrushed the Marlins’ first grand slam of the season in the eighth inning of an 11-5 victory over the Braves. Luis Arraez and Yuli Gurriel also homered, as Miami secured the weekend series with a chance to sweep the National League East champions in Sunday’s finale.

“Even from the first at-bat on Luis’ home run, the atmosphere here is electric,” said Chisholm, who also stole three bases. “We love our fans, and they've been supporting us all year long, and we just want to keep on riding our wave and keep swimming, and hopefully they swim along with us.”

Games remaining (13): vs. ATL (1), vs. NYM (3), vs. MIL (3), at NYM (3), at PIT (3)
Standings update: The Marlins (77-72) trail the Reds (78-72) by a half-game for the final NL Wild Card spot. Although the D-backs (78-72) have the same record as the Reds, Cincinnati holds the tiebreaker over Arizona. Miami holds the first tiebreaker, based on head-to-head matchups, over Arizona (4-2). Having tied the season series (3-3) with Cincinnati, Miami (23-22 against the NL East) holds the second tiebreaker -- intradivisional record -- over Cincinnati (19-27 against the NL Central).

In manager Skip Schumaker’s opinion, the key to winning a series is receiving contributions from different players. Aside from Burger’s and Chisholm’s heroics, here are three less-heralded Marlins who helped them win their first set against the Braves since last October.

Related
Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

These Padres could move from 'pen to rotation

December 11th, 2024

Padres stock bullpen, add All-Star Scott at Deadline

July 31st, 2024

Veteran presence: Royals' trio providing stability as youth finds footing

October 9th, 2024

Offense puts up pivotal 4-run 4th as Royals silence Rodón

October 8th, 2024

RHP Bryan Hoeing
Hoeing, who recorded a 10-pitch outing on Thursday in Milwaukee, was tasked with providing as much length as possible in a bullpen game. Six pitches into the start, he had surrendered back-to-back homers and trailed 3-0.

During a mound visit, Arraez told Hoeing the team had his back. The Marlins erased the early deficit with a four-run first, while Hoeing went on to hold the Braves scoreless into the fifth.

The 26-year-old Hoeing entered Spring Training as a non-roster invite, then had his contract selected in late April. He has both started and relieved for the club. He has been optioned and recalled. Schumaker admitted he didn’t know how Miami would’ve gotten through the game without Hoeing going as long as he did.

“I think it shows that I can compete with the best,” Hoeing said. “It's my third time facing this team, one of the best offenses in baseball, and I was able to go out there and bounce back and at least provide 4 1/3 innings for our team.”

1B Yuli Gurriel
A two-time World Series champion with the Astros, Gurriel signed a Minor League deal during Spring Training. Serving as Garrett Cooper and now Josh Bell’s backup has been a new dynamic for Gurriel, who won the 2021 American League batting title. His 97 games are a career low for a full season. 

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Due to a string of right-handed starters, Schumaker had been going with Arraez at first and Bell at designated hitter in Jorge Soler’s absence rather than spot starts for Gurriel.

With lefty Jared Shuster on the mound Saturday for Atlanta, Schumaker inserted Gurriel into the cleanup spot, where he blasted a three-run shot to put the Marlins ahead, 4-3, in the first. It marked his first homer since May 7. 

“It is difficult,” Gurriel said via interpreter Luis Dorante Jr. “Imagine a couple of days can just take your timing off. Imagine a week, right? So it's been a difficult thing to stay in shape. Imagine like today. I was hitting at home. I think that was something a little extra work that I was doing that keeps me a little more in the game. That's part of the job right now.”

UTIL Garrett Hampson
Like Gurriel and Hoeing, Hampson was a non-roster invite to Spring Training after spending the first five seasons of his career with the Rockies. He has gone back and forth between the Minors and Majors.

Since being recalled on Aug. 23, Hampson is batting .333 with four extra-base hits and seven RBIs. In a platoon with left-handed-hitting Joey Wendle, the right-handed-hitting Hampson has started five of the Marlins’ past eight games at shortstop. He made a few nice defensive plays and produced a two-out RBI single on Saturday.

“I feel comfortable when he's at bat, and he keeps producing,” Schumaker said. “He's a smart baseball player, and he's a winning baseball player in my mind. He's made some nice plays at short, he takes competitive at-bats and helps you win games, and so that's kind of what you're looking for when you're building a roster.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Bryan Hoeing
Yuli Gurriel
Garrett Hampson

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/marlins-secure-series-win-over-braves 
 ----- 
