Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
11 months ago
SportFootball
Nigeria vs Angola LIVE: Africa Cup of Nations quarter-final result, final score and reaction as Super Eagles win

The favourites for the 2024 Afcon take on an impressive Angola outfit who have top-scored at the tournament so far

Karl Matchett
Friday 02 February 2024 16:03 EST
1
Comments
0 seconds of 2 minutes, 29 secondsVolume 0%
 
Nigeria and Angola look ahead to their AFCON quarter-final
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

The 2023 Africa Cup of Nations has reached the quarter-final stage and the first of those took place in Abidjan on Friday evening, with Nigeria knocking out Angola after a 1-0 victory.

It’s now four clean sheets in a row for the Super Eagles, who look defensively solid and to have a platform for success, despite possessing some of the best attacking talents with the likes of Victor Osimhen in their squad. Tonight though - as in the round of 16 - it was Ademola Lookman who scored the winner, netting in the first half for what turned out to be the only goal of the game.

Osimhen did find the back of the net but saw his goal ruled out for offside, while Angola rarely threatened to find a late equaliser in truth. Nigeria will play South Africa or Cabo Verde in the semis. Follow all the reaction to Nigeria vs Angola below and get all the latest Afcon odds and tips here.

NIGERIA VS ANGOLA - LIVE
Goal - Lookman scores his third in two knockout games to put Nigeria ahead on 41’ (1-0)
Post - Zini latches onto through pass and beats the keeper but hits the post on 60’ (1-0)
No goal - Osimhen header ruled out for offside after VAR check on 75’ (1-0)
REPORT: Nigeria through to Afcon semi-finals as they edge past Angola
11 months ago
Nigeria through to Afcon semi-finals as they edge past Angola

Nigeria edged past Angola 1-0 to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals thanks to a first-half goal from Ademola Lookman.

The former Fulham and Everton winger crashed home the only goal of the game in the 41st minute as the Super Eagles, chasing a fourth Afcon title, came up against a determined resistance in Abidjan.

Jose Peseiro’s side will face the winner of Cape Verde against South Africa, who meet in Yamoussoukro on Saturday, for a place in the final.

Nigeria’s star striker Victor Osimhen twice went close in the first half with headers, the first when he got on the end of Moses Simon’s cross but could only guide this effort into the goalkeeper’s hands, then again when he nodded across goal after meeting Ola Aina’s long throw.

What would prove to be the winning goal arrived four minutes before half-time and Simon was the architect.

Alex Iwobi began the move with a sweeping ball from right to left. Nantes winger Simon found space with a well-time run down the wing and, having carried the ball to the byline, looked up and found Lookman. He evaded the attention of Angola’s defence and hit a thumping first-time finish into the roof of the net.

Early in the second half, Calvin Bassey took the ball off the foot of team-mate Osimhen as he sought to execute a close-range overhead kick, the Fulham player nodding over the bar after Angola failed to clear a corner, as Nigeria sought to settle the game.

Minutes later, Angola came within an inch of levelling. Zini sprung Nigeria’s offside trip with an expertly timed run from a defence-splitting pass. Bearing down one-on-one against Stanley Nwabali, he opened up his right foot and despatched an effort that rebounded off the inside of the post and away to safety.

Osimhen thought he had made it 2-0 when his header from Bassey’s free-kick went in off the post, but the goal was ruled out by VAR for offside, to the relief of Angola goalkeeper Antonio Dominique who had allowed the ball to squeeze through his hands.

The Napoli striker spurned another chance to seal it with 10 minutes to play, racing on to Lookman’s ball out from the back and running through on goal. He was denied by a superb last-ditch block from defender Kialonda Gaspar who deflected the ball away.

(REUTERS)
Luke Baker2 February 2024 21:02
Promoted stories
The Biden Administration Should Approve Nippon Steel/U.S. Steel
IKE BRANNON
Read More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
11 months ago
Afcon quarter-final schedule: Africa Cup of Nations fixtures, start times and TV channels

The Africa Cup of Nations has reached the knockout stages, as Ivory Coast play host for the second time in the competition’s history.

Of the 24 nations taking part in the Afcon, Senegal were installed as the pre-tournament favourites, but the reigning champions have been knocked about amid a flurry of surprising results. The previous beaten finalists, Egypt, have also been knocked out, as have World Cup semi-finalists Morocco, who many tipped to go all the way here.

The tournament is officially Afcon 2023, despite taking place in 2024, after it was pushed back several months due to concerns over the Senegalese heat in the summer months.

Here is the full schedule of fixtures, dates and kick-off times, and get all the latest football betting sites offers here.

Afcon quarter-finals: Africa Cup of Nations fixtures, start times and TV channels

Ivory Coast are hosting the rearranged 2023 Africa Cup of Nations

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 19:55
11 months ago
FT - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

Nigeria were the first side to book a semi-final berth at the Africa Cup of Nations after Ademola Lookman’s first-half goal ensured a 1-0 win over Angola in the last eight on Friday.

Lookman finished off a flying run down the left by winger Moses Simon, who skipped the challenge of defender Kialonda Gaspar to break free and then teed up his team mate for his third goal of the tournament.

The 26-year-old’s 41st-minute strike at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Stadium was enough to set up a semi-final meeting on Wednesday against either the Cape Verde Islands or South Africa, who play their quarter-final on Saturday.

Later on Friday, also in Abidjan, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Guinea meet in the second of the quarter-final clashes.

Reuters2 February 2024 19:45
11 months ago
FT - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

That defensive resolve keeps the Super Eagles soaring. Four clean sheets in a row and just one conceded in five matches at the Afcon now this year.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 19:30
11 months ago
FT - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

It’s now four clean sheets in a row for the Super Eagles, who look defensively solid and to have a platform for success, despite possessing some of the best attacking talents with the likes of Victor Osimhen in their squad. Tonight though - as in the round of 16 - it was Ademola Lookman who scored the winner, netting in the first half for what turned out to be the only goal of the game.

Osimhen did find the back of the net but saw his goal ruled out for offside, while Angola rarely threatened to find a late equaliser in truth. Nigeria will play South Africa or Cabo Verde in the semis.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 19:15
11 months ago
FT - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

Match stats:

Shots 13-10

On target: 3-2

xG: 1.08 - 0.91

Possession: 45% - 55%

Corners 4-7

Yellow cards: 1-3

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 19:05
11 months ago
FT - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

And there’s the whistle! Nigeria are into the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals and they will play South Africa or Cabo Verde, who meet tomorrow in Yamoussoukro.

Angola’s dream comes to an end but the Super Eagles fly on!

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 18:58
11 months ago
90+7’ - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

Omeruo and Onuachi on for Osimhen and Lookman. An extra defender on then for the Super Eagles, plus some aerial prowess from striker Onuachi for both boxes.

Angola fast running out of time now and they just cannot penetrate the green wall. A deep cross from the right briefly looks better but Nwabah rises, catches cleanly and goes to ground. Nigeria are just about there.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 18:57
11 months ago
90+4’ - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

Midway through injury time and Angola just not getting anywhere near the Nigeria penalty box at present. They have a free-kick now and look to go long - almost panic stations time for them now.

Nigeria still standing firm, looking organised, though also very deep just outside their own box.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 18:54
Promoted stories
2024 Buick's Are Turning Heads
SEARCHTOPICS | SEARCH ADS
Learn More
by Taboola
Sponsored Links
11 months ago
90’ - Nigeria 1-0 Angola

Nigeria within a few minutes of the semi-finals - and of their fourth clean sheet in a row. There are SEVEN minutes added on though.

Osimhen is down injured again and is going off on the stretcher this time - he took a hit to his face trying to control the ball a few minutes ago.

Simon leads a counter down the left to relieve some pressure - not where Angola need the ball.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 18:52
Newer
1
 / 6
Older
More aboutNigeriaAngolaAfrica Cup Of Nations
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

1
Comments
Promoted stories
New Senior Apartments in Washington: Comfortable and Affordable (See Prices for 2024)
BESTSEARCHNOW | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
The All-New Buick Envision Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
POPULARSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
District Of Columbia Residents Are Ditching Knee Pain With This
REJUVAKNEE | KNEE-PAIN RELIEF|Sponsored
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based On Their Age (Take A Look)
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the needs of seniors. You can save money with every drive. Click here and see more!
CAR INSURANCE PLANS|Sponsored
Learn More
New Electric Cars Are So Cheap Now (Take A Look)
COMMONSEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Click Here
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love Th...
TRUESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
Cinnamon: The greatest enemy of blood sugar (see ho...
BETTER HEALTH NEWS|Sponsored
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that help you rest well. Save 50% and get free rush shipping today.
LIFEMD|Sponsored
Learn More
NEWS
Irish government had ‘little in locke r’ over cooperation in 1998, official...
NEWS
Family of missing father ‘ripped to pieces’ after he failed to fly home f...
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surprise You
FAVORITESEARCHES | SEARCH ADS|Sponsored
The inconvenient truth about this year’s Booker Prize winner
Samantha Harvey’s ‘Orbital’ – about a single day in space – has scooped this year’s prize
PROMOTED BY INDEPENDENT PREMIUM|Sponsored
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
APEX LABS|Sponsored
Struggling With Bad Knees? Seniors Swear By This Simple Trick
Knees hurt? Do this once daily for fast relief (it takes just 30 seconds and you can do it right at home...)
ARTHROZENE|Sponsored
Learn More
LIFESTYLE
Zoe Ball and Fatboy Slim’s son shares sad family news as tough...
NEWS
Father who died on Christmas Day named as police launch murder in...
No more frequent finger pricks to test blood sugar！
SHERUM|Sponsored
Learn More
LIFESTYLE
Chloe Madeley says last year of marriage to James Haskell was ‘incredibly scary’
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/nigeria-angola-live-stream-score-result-2024-afcon-b2489512.html 
 ----- 
