Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
11 months ago
SportFootball
Nigeria vs Angola LIVE: Africa Cup of Nations quarter-final result, final score and reaction as Super Eagles win

The favourites for the 2024 Afcon take on an impressive Angola outfit who have top-scored at the tournament so far

Karl Matchett
Friday 02 February 2024 21:03 GMT
1
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Nigeria and Angola look ahead to their AFCON quarter-final
Your support helps us to tell the story
SUPPORT NOW

From reproductive rights to climate change to Big Tech, The Independent is on the ground when the story is developing. Whether it's investigating the financials of Elon Musk's pro-Trump PAC or producing our latest documentary, 'The A Word', which shines a light on the American women fighting for reproductive rights, we know how important it is to parse out the facts from the messaging.

At such a critical moment in US history, we need reporters on the ground. Your donation allows us to keep sending journalists to speak to both sides of the story.

The Independent is trusted by Americans across the entire political spectrum. And unlike many other quality news outlets, we choose not to lock Americans out of our reporting and analysis with paywalls. We believe quality journalism should be available to everyone, paid for by those who can afford it.

Your support makes all the difference.
Read more

The 2023 Africa Cup of Nations has reached the quarter-final stage and the first of those took place in Abidjan on Friday evening, with Nigeria knocking out Angola after a 1-0 victory.

It’s now four clean sheets in a row for the Super Eagles, who look defensively solid and to have a platform for success, despite possessing some of the best attacking talents with the likes of Victor Osimhen in their squad. Tonight though - as in the round of 16 - it was Ademola Lookman who scored the winner, netting in the first half for what turned out to be the only goal of the game.

Osimhen did find the back of the net but saw his goal ruled out for offside, while Angola rarely threatened to find a late equaliser in truth. Nigeria will play South Africa or Cabo Verde in the semis. Follow all the reaction to Nigeria vs Angola below and get all the latest Afcon odds and tips here.

NIGERIA VS ANGOLA - LIVE
Goal - Lookman scores his third in two knockout games to put Nigeria ahead on 41’ (1-0)
Post - Zini latches onto through pass and beats the keeper but hits the post on 60’ (1-0)
No goal - Osimhen header ruled out for offside after VAR check on 75’ (1-0)
REPORT: Nigeria through to Afcon semi-finals as they edge past Angola
Show latest update
11 months ago
30’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

Iwobi’s curled effort is blocked by the face of Gaspar, who needs some attention after that. The referee takes the opportunity to call for a cooling break.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:31
11 months ago
28’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

A deep free-kick delivery from Fredy is over the Angola attackers and cleared initially, but the ball keeps coming back towards the Nigeria penalty box at the moment. Gilberto attempts a left-footed cross which is wayward too and the Super Eagles will have the chance to build in more patient fashion.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:30
11 months ago
24’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

First real opening for Osimhen!The striker gets a sight of goal, leaps above his marker and nods goalwards to force the first big save of the game by Angola stand-in Antonio!

The Palancas Negras go back up the other end and attempt to get behind the Nigeria defence but Bassey and Ekong between them see off the danger.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:27
11 months ago
20’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

First chance for Gelson Dala to run at the defence down the right flank, but he’s well held off and seen clear by left wing-back Zaidu.

Angola just building a little more possession, a little more time on the ball over the last five minutes, which they probably needed.

Osimhen is given a couple of longer passes to chase but he’s hounded out and kept quiet for now.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:23
11 months ago
16’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

Lots of movement off the ball in the final third for the team in green, whereas the yellow shirts are so far relying a little more on direct passes and very quick runs to join up from deep.

Two contrasting styles which should make for an increasingly interesting clash here tonight.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:22
11 months ago
12’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

The Super Eagles continue to press their advantage down the channels, with Iwobi looking to get involved moving from deep and a succession of set pieces bringing a little threat.

Aina is fouled outside the box, not spotted by the ref, and Angola clear their lines once more. Looks as though they will have to be near-perfect tonight to keep Nigeria out.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:15
11 months ago
8’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

Nice work down the right by Simon and he gets a cross in - Estrela blocks the delivery then falls on the ball with his arm, but the referee waves away muted appeals for a penalty. Nigeria definitely looking alert and impressive when they get the ball into the final third.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:10
11 months ago
4’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

Angola’s first attack down the right earns them a corner and it’s an incredible save from Nwabah! A flick on finds Mabululu just four yards out and he knocks it near post - the Nigeria goalkeeper gets down quickly, gets an arm or a shoulder to the ball and diverts it behind! Great stop.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:06
11 months ago
1’ - Nigeria 0-0 Angola

Kick-off! We are underway - and a shooting chance inside 30 seconds for Nigeria, Osimhen opts against taking his chance and Aina’s effort is eventually blocked. Fast start, just what we want to see.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:02
11 months ago
Nigeria vs Angola - LIVE

Anthems time in Ivory Coast. The crowd is building nicely, not a full stadium but with a good atmosphere early on.

Despite some graphics appearing to show a 4-3-3, Nigeria are almost certainly lining up with a back three - Calvin Bassey in the backline.

Karl Matchett2 February 2024 17:00
Newer
4
 / 6
Older
More aboutNigeriaAngolaAfrica Cup Of Nations
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

1
Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/nigeria-angola-live-stream-score-result-2024-afcon-b2489512.html?page=4 
 ----- 
