Menu
Search for
 Home/Super Eagles/Super Eagles to earn N2.2b if they defeat Angola
AFCONSuper Eagles
Super Eagles to earn N2.2b if they defeat Angola
Caretaker 
Follow on Twitter
January 30, 2024
0 1,160 1 minute read

While the major target for countries at the Africa Cup of Nations is the pride of victory and getting hands on the prestigious title, CAF has also prepared mouth-watering cash rewards for each level of victory attained.

As the Super Eagles are gearing up for a quarterfinal clash against Angola’s Palancas Negras at the 34th Africa Cup of Nations in Côte d’Ivoire, the match not only presents an opportunity to get a last-4 spot but also a massive $2.5 million prize (approximately N2.2B) for the victorious side.

The $2.5 million prize is stipulated by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) for teams advancing to the semi-finals of the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.

READ MORE: AFCON title winning prize increased for 2023 edition

This is an added motivation for the Super Eagles, who have already secured $800,000 for progressing beyond the group stage and $1.3 million for defeating Cameroon to reach the last-8.

Beyond the mouth-watering financial rewards, the AFCON quarterfinal clash against Angola brings back to the Nigerian people, memories of the role the Angolan team played in thwarting Nigeria’s 2006 FIFA World Cup participation hopes. The Super Eagles’ hopes were dashed after a narrow 1-0 loss in Luanda followed by a tense 1-1 draw in Kano.

The match also carries emotional weight as Nigerian football enthusiasts remember the tragic passing of Eagles star Samuel Okwaraji during a 1990 World Cup qualifier against Angola.

Nigeria’s 2023 AFCON quater-final clash vs Angola is scheduled to take place at the Stade Félix Houphouët-Boigny in Abidjan on Friday, February 2, 2024 .

While the Palancas Negras aim for their first-ever semifinal appearance, Nigeria brings a formidable track record, reaching the semifinals in 15 out of their previous 19 appearances in the competition.

READ ALSO: OFFICAL: Nigeria and Argentina set to clash in blockbuster friendly after 2023 AFCON

 Tags
AFCON Prize money
Nigeria vs Angola
Super Eagles
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
Tumblr
 
Pinterest
 
Reddit
 
Share via Email
 
Print
 Subscribe 

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

0 COMMENTS
Related Articles
Top ten Super Eagles stars in 2024: Who was the best?
1 day ago
Super Eagles stars celebrate Victor Osimhen’s 26th birthday
1 day ago
Atalanta not under pressure to sell Ademola Lookman and other stars
1 day ago
Recent
Popular
Comments
Nigerian Stars Abroad: Lookman and Dele-Bashiru Shine in Final Games of the Year
1 hour ago
Injured Chukwueze Set for New Manager at AC Milan After Fonseca’s Exit
1 hour ago
‘Six-Pack Don Show!’ – Osimhen Playfully Roasts Bassey After Final Game
2 hours ago
Super Eagles Defender Bassey Ends Year by Giving Shirt to Young Fan
2 hours ago
Salah makes new Premier League record as Liverpool hammer West Ham
15 hours ago
© Copyright 2015-2024, All Rights Reserved |   SportsRation
Support Contact us About Us Partners T&C Privacy Policy
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Vimeo
Instagram
RSS
Back to top button
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sportsration.com/super-eagles-to-earn-n2-2b-if-they-defeat-angola/ 
 ----- 
