Support USAfricaLIVE.com

By using this site, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Accept
Font Resizer
Aa
HOME
NEWS
INSIGHT
BUSINESS
LIVING
About Us
Services
Archives
USAfricaTV
USAfricaLive > Blog > NEWS > AFRICA > Nigeria vs Angola clash on Feb 2 in AFCON quarter-finals
AFRICA
Nigeria vs Angola clash on Feb 2 in AFCON quarter-finals
Last updated: 2024/02/02 at 4:53 PM
USAfricaLIVE
Published January 29, 2024
Share
Nigeria-Victor-Osimhen
SHARE
Nigeria are competing at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations hoping to become continental champions for the fourth time in their history. The Super Eagles began the tournament in the Ivory Coast as the sixth-highest-ranked nation and without a trophy win since 2013, yet expectations were still high for a squad spearheaded by Napoli star striker Victor Osimhen.

They successfully navigated a potentially difficult group phase without losing a game to qualify for the knockout rounds. With Tunisia and Algeria having surprisingly been eliminated already, and with the likes of Egypt and the host nation struggling for top form, Nigeria have found themselves looking like real contenders to win the title.

Of course, the competition now begins in earnest  with the Round of 16, with single-elimination ties to decide which eight teams progress to the quarterfinals. Nigeria defeated Cameroon 2-0 in arguably the pick of the matchups, and they will now contest a quarterfinal against Angola.

Nigeria’s next match at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations is in the quarterfinals against Angola. The fixture takes place at theFelix Houphouet Boigny Stadium in Abidjan, Ivory Coast and kicks off on Friday, February 2 at 5 p.m. local time.

Read:Super Eagles of Nigeria Triumphs Over Angola to Secure Semifinal Spot in AFCON

Lookman Shines: Nigeria’s AFCON Triumph Over Cameroon in 2-0 Victory
January 27, 2024
In "SPORTS"

Soccer: Osimhen, Lookman picked for Africa Cup qualifiers.
August 28, 2024
In "AFRICA"

After Nigeria’s stunning loss to Guinea-Bissau, Everton’s Iwobi says Eagles will bounce back
March 26, 2023
In "AFRICA"

You Might Also Like
 Chad holds first parliamentary elections in over a decade
 Hunger, food stampedes and those who blame the victims. By Chris Mustapha Nwaokobia Jnr
 Season of Hunger in Nigeria: Plea for Fiscal Responsibility By Chris Agbedo
 Merry Whatsapp Christmas. By Chidi Amuta
 Nigeria’s 2025 Budget, challenge of reforms and waste. By Asiegbu Agwu Nkpa
TAGGED:
Africa soccer, angola, Nigeria, Victor Osimhen
Share This Article
Facebook
By USAfricaLIVE
Follow:
#BreakingNews and special reports unit of USAfrica multimedia networks, USAfricaonline.comm USAfricaLive.com and USAfricaTV
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Niger, Mali and Burkina Faso quit ECOWAS for failure to assist in their “existential fight against terrorism, insecurity,”
NEXT ARTICLE
Breaking Records: Djokovic Reigns Supreme for 410th Week as Undisputed World No. 1 in the Latest ATP Rankings
Leave a comment

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *

- Advertisement -
- Advertisement -
- Advertisement -
Follow US
Find US on Social Medias
Facebook
Like
Twitter
Follow
Instagram
Follow
Youtube
Subscribe
Weekly Newsletter

Subscribe to our newsletter to get our newest articles instantly!

Enter your email to receive our newsletter.









Don't worry, we don't spam
Popular News
LIVING
Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter dies at 100
By
USAfricaLIVE
December 30, 2024
 Chad holds first parliamentary elections in over a decade
 Tinubu, Niger, Asari and contractors of insecurity. By Chidi Odinkalu
 Plea for fiscal responsibility in a season of hunger in Nigeria. By Chris Agbedo
 Lingering questions at the time of Christmas. By Abdu-Rafiu
- Advertisement -
Global Coronavirus Cases
More Information:Covid-19 Statistics
Need HELP on Medicare

 

 
ACA HealthCare?
Let’s get answers! 
Ritta Egbue 
713-703-5663
rittaegbue@gmail.com
DC Capitol Square : Bar & Grill
     
© Copyright 2024 USAfricaonline.com is the first African-owned, U.S-based professional newspaper published on the internet. Its multimedia site and archives are powered by the global resources of USAfrica, CLASSmagazine, CLASSmagazine.TV, PhotoWorks.Tv, USAfrica.TV, MLKMandelaAchebe.com, and ChidoNwangwu.com News@USAfricaonline.com. wireless: +1-832-45-CHIDO (24436). main: +1-713-270-5500. THE AUTHORITATIVE LINK. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://usafricaonline.com/2024/01/29/nigeria-vs-angola-clash-on-feb-2-in-afcon-quarter-finals/ 
 ----- 
