SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
International
International
AFCON 2024: Cape Verde Wins 2-1 Against Ghana

The Ghanaian Black Stars stands as one of the most consistent teams in AFCON history, trailing only behind Egypt and Cote d’Ivoire.

Jihane RahhouJan. 14, 2024 10:01 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Cape Verde's match against Ghana

Rabat - Cape Verde emerged victorious in their Sunday clash with Ghana as part of the group stage of the  2024 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON). 

The game took place in the Stade Félix Houphouët-Boigny in Cote d’Ivoire at 9 p.m Morocco time. Moroccan cuisine

Cape Verde started the game on a strong note, with Jamiro Monteiro netting the first goal in the match in the 17th minute.

Ghana pulled the game into a tie in the 56th minute with a goal by Alexander Djiku. 

However, Cape Verde regained their lead in the 92nd minute with a goal by Gary Rodriguez. 

This is not the first time Ghana and Cape Verde have gone head-to-head in the tournament. Their previous encounter was in the quarter-finals of the 2013 tournament, which saw Ghana emerge victorious with a 2-0 win.

With 24 appearances, the Ghanaian Black Stars stands as one of the most consistent teams in AFCON history, trailing only behind Egypt and Cote d’Ivoire.

However, despite early successes in 1963, 1965, 1978, and 1982, the Black Stars have experienced a championship drought, with none of their subsequent 16 appearances culminating in victory.

In recent AFCON campaigns, Ghana won just one of their last nine matches and suffered an early exit in the group stages of the previous edition.

Cape Verde held an unbeaten record in opening matches, with one win and two draws. 

Read Also: El Clasico: FC Barcelona Beats Real Madrid, Wins Spanish Super Cup

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.Moroccan cuisine

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in February
0 | 0


Login

Comments
0

RELATED ARTICLES
CAF: ‘Morocco is Set to Raise the Bar for African Football’
Morocco U20 Nears AFCON Qualification After 1-1 Draw with Algeria
When, How to Watch Senegal vs Burundi AFCON Qualifier
Kenya vs Namibia: Preview, Predictions for Dead Rubber Face Off
Cameroon vs Zimbabwe: Preview, Prediction for Top Spot Battle
Egypt v Botswana: Match Preview, Predictions for Final AFCON Qualifier
When, How to Watch Central African Republic vs Gabon AFCON Qualifier
Morocco to Host Women’s AFCON Draw on November 22
Recent
Popular
Comments
Cigarette Prices Will Increase In 2025 Due To New Tax Reform

Royal Air Maroc To Launch Rabat-Dakhla Direct Flight

Morocco Records 78,244 New Businesses In First 10 Months Of 2024

IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Report Shows Increase In Suicide Cases Among IOF Since October 2023

YOU MAY LIKE
IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Exiled Bashar Al-Assad Reportedly Poisoned In Moscow Assassination Attempt

Biden: New Orleans Attacker Who Killed 15 People Was Inspired By ISIS

Senegal And Mauritania Begin Joint Gas Project, Target Regional Energy Leadership

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360128/afcon-2024-cape-verde-wins-2-1-against-ghana 
 ----- 
