Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
⚾ Dodgers news
Dodgers trade Lux to Reds
Hyeseong Kim joining Dodgers
Dodgers meet with Sasaki
Dodgers heard fans on Teo
ADVERTISEMENT
SPORTS
Dodgers’ foul ball nearly kills a goose. Is sighting an omen of another playoff disaster?
Dodgers’ David Peralta celebrates after hitting a double against the Detroit Tigers on Tuesday. A day later, Peralta almost struck a bird with a foul ball. (Ashley Landis / Associated Press)
By Steve Henson
Staff Writer 
Sept. 21, 2023 11:29 AM PT
Share

The moment produced pause, puns and fun on the fly. Oh, and reminders of a similar intrusion that immediately preceded the Dodgers’ demise in last year’s National League Division Series.

David Peralta lifted a towering fly ball down the left-field line in fowl, er, foul territory Wednesday against the Detroit Tigers that nearly struck a duck. Or was that a goose on the loose? Turns out either name is accurate.

We fly high, no lie, you know this, Birdin’. 🐦 pic.twitter.com/mhH3sgqPqN

— MLB (@MLB) September 21, 2023
ADVERTISEMENT

Consensus from those using the nifty phone app Picture Bird: Birds Identifier is that the rather enormous creature — Dodgers broadcaster Joe Davis joked that it was a pterodactyl — gracefully circling through Dodger Stadium was an Egyptian goose (Alopochen aegyptiaca), an African member of the duck family Anatidae. Breeding populations in the United States have been established after the popular ornamental bird escaped captivity in several states, including California.

Dodgers — and San Diego Padres — fans might recall when a goose made a rough landing in shallow right field at Dodger Stadium during the seventh inning of Game 2 of the NLDS last year. So, while the presence of the goose Wednesday night might prove birds of a feather do indeed flock together, a more ominous connection was made on social media.

DODGERS

What happened to the goose that stole all the attention at Dodgers playoff game?
Oct. 13, 2022

The Dodgers had won an astounding 111 regular-season games and Game 1 of the 2022 NLDS, yet they ran out of juice after taking a gander at the goose, losing three in a row to the Padres for an unceremonious postseason exit.

ADVERTISEMENT

For the record, last year’s bird was identified as a greater white-fronted goose by Travis Longcore, president of the Los Angeles Audubon Society. Geese of all sorts have overrun nearby Echo Park Lake, so Dodgers fans shouldn’t be surprised by more sightings.

In March 2001, the San Francisco Giants’ Jeff Kent holds up a bird that was killed when it flew in the path of a pitch thrown by the Arizona Diamondbacks’ Randy Johnson during a spring training game in Tucson. (Ted S. Warren / Associated Press)

Peralta’s near miss made the episode less than tragic. The probability of a baseball actually striking a bird in flight must be astronomical, but sadly it has happened at least three times — including twice in one week this season. The first and most famous occurrence came in 2001, when Hall of Fame left-hander Randy Johnson killed a dove that happened to fly in the path of a pitch.

ADVERTISEMENT

DODGERS

Photos: Goose gets loose as Dodgers lose to Padres in Game 2 of NLDS series
Oct. 13, 2022

Twenty-two years later, Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Zac Gallen killed a bird with a warmup pitch during a game May 17. Less than a week later, a line drive by Cleveland Guardians’ Will Brennan killed a bird.

As for an omen of another October disaster by the Dodgers, the easy prediction would be that the Baltimore Orioles are destined to defeat them in the World Series. But in addition to the goose sighting, another incident occurred Wednesday during the Dodgers’ 4-2 loss to the Tigers that screamed symbolism.

Stop on your right foot, don’t forget it!

A bubble delay at Dodger Stadium. 🫧 pic.twitter.com/zzSHJrjbF4

— MLB (@MLB) September 21, 2023

Something strange hovered over the outfield, causing a brief delay. Dodgers center fielder James Outman was spot on when he looked skyward and said, “It’s a bubble.” Could it be an all-too-obvious metaphor for the team’s mesmerizing ability to win despite a starting rotation as thin as the soapy film that traps air inside a you-know-what?

The bubble, of course, burst.

DODGERS

The top playoff seed is up for grabs, but the Dodgers aren’t changing their approach
Sept. 21, 2023
More to Read
Plaschke: From Fred-die to Decoy, Dodgers owned every top-10 moment in 2024 L.A. sports
Dec. 31, 2024
Can’t stop, won’t stop: Dodgers still reveling in World Series title afterglow
Dec. 13, 2024
‘Rally snake?’: Serpent slithering through dugout can’t prevent Dodgers’ NLCS Game 2 loss
Oct. 14, 2024
Show Comments
SPORTSDODGERSCALIFORNIAANIMALS & PETS
Newsletter

Go beyond the scoreboard

Get the latest on L.A.'s teams in the daily Sports Report newsletter.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Steve Henson
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Steve Henson is a breaking news and enterprise reporter at the Los Angeles Times. He previously served as an editor and reporter in the Sports department. Henson was a leader in digital-only newsrooms from 2007-19 as a senior editor and columnist at Yahoo Sports and as senior editor at the USA Today Sports Media Group. This is his second stint at The Times, having covered the Dodgers and UCLA as well as doing enterprise, investigative and features writing from 1985-2007. Henson was awarded first place in sports features in 2023 and in 2021 by the L.A. Press Club. He has been honored several times by APSE — most recently in 2023 and 2021 — and also by the California News Publishers Assn., the Football Writers Assn. of America and U.S. Basketball Writers Assn.

More From the Los Angeles Times

WORLD & NATION

Lynx on the loose in Scotland highlight debate over reintroducing species into the wild
1 hour ago

OPINION

It’s good to be a California beaver. Again.
Jan. 7, 2025

CALIFORNIA

Spider monkey found in Rolls-Royce during traffic stop in critical shape. Now come tests, treatment — and a name
Jan. 4, 2025

CLIMATE & ENVIRONMENT

Owner of two cats that died after drinking H5N1 recalled milk threatens to sue
Jan. 3, 2025
Most Read in Sports

SPORTS

Riviera Country Club still stands after Palisades fire. Will it host Genesis Invitational next month?
Jan. 10, 2025

UCLA SPORTS

Mick Cronin says his ejection was intentional as UCLA crumbles in loss to Maryland
Jan. 10, 2025

USC SPORTS

Former employee sues USC for allegedly letting Mike Bohn harass her, then firing her
Jan. 10, 2025

SPORTS

Gary Hall Jr. won 10 Olympic medals in the water. Then he lost them in the Palisades fire
Jan. 10, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Los Angeles has never seen this level of destruction: ‘Everything is burned down’
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Inconvenient truths about the fires burning in Los Angeles from two fire experts
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants damaged or destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Why hydrants ran dry as firefighters battled California’s deadly fires
Latest Sports
Chargers vs. Texans in wild-card playoffs: Live updates, start time and odds
17 minutes ago
High school basketball: Friday’s scores
1 hour ago
Prep talk: LaMelo Ball returns to town with the Charlotte Hornets
Jan. 11, 2025
Letters to Sports: Cori Close has built her own pyramid of success
Jan. 11, 2025
Prep basketball roundup: Kaiden Bailey leads Santa Margarita past JSerra
Jan. 10, 2025
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/story/2023-09-21/dodgers-bird-almost-hit-foul-ball-david-peralta-randy-johnson 
 ----- 
