ABC News
Family
Dodgers pitcher plays in front of mom for 1st time after 7 years apart

"It was so incredible," pitcher Brusdar Graterol said of the reunion.

0:18
Keith Birmingham/MediaNews Group/Pasadena Star-News via Getty Images
Dodgers pitcher plays in front of mom for 1st time after 7 years apart
Keith Birmingham/MediaNews Group/Pasadena Star-News via Getty Images
ByKatie Kindelan 
September 21, 2023, 6:38 PM

A Los Angeles Dodgers star who spent the past seven years playing baseball in the United States while his mom lived in Venezuela saw his dream come true Wednesday night.

Brusdar Graterol pitched at Dodger Stadium in front of a packed crowd that included his mom Ysmalia Graterol.

"My wife actually took a picture of where they were sitting, and then I was able to signal exactly where she was when I was pitching," Graterol said through an interpreter after the game, according to a video shared by Major League Baseball. "[There was] so much emotion going through me, obviously, just happy tears the whole time."

Brusdar Graterol was first reunited with his mom on Sunday, when she arrived from Venezuela after spending seven years trying to get to the U.S. to see her son.

"I was paralyzed in that moment when I first saw her. I didn't really know what to say. I didn't know what to do," he said. "[I] just embraced her as much as I could. And obviously she would say how beautiful I am, how big I've gotten. And then I just remember telling her how it felt like home."

Brusdar Graterol, 25, was born in Calabozo, Venezuela, and made his Major League Baseball debut in 2019 with the Minnesota Twins, according to his MLB profile.

He said that after working for so many years for his mom to be allowed into the U.S., there was finally forward movement that happened in the last two weeks that brought her to Los Angeles.

Editor’s Picks
Jenny Cavnar makes MLB history calling play-by-play in Rockies-Padres game
Remembering Jackie Robinson’s historic debut 75 years later
Terez and MLB launch a collaboration perfect for summer

"We got a document that helped her get here," Brusdar Graterol said. "We obviously wanted to move this as fast as possible. Luckily, we were able to do it this past weekend."

Brusdar Graterol was brought out to pitch in the eighth inning in Wednesday's game against the Detroit Tigers, which the Dodgers went onto win 3-2.

MORE: Little baseball player takes running 'home' literally and it's the cutest thing

He said he was "emotional" until the music started and he prepared to throw his first pitch, which got him to focus back on the game.

Relief pitcher Brusdar Graterol #48 of the Los Angeles Dodgers throws to the plate against the Detroit Tigers in the eighth inning of a baseball game at Dodger Stadium, Sept. 20, 2023, in Los Angeles.
Keith Birmingham/MediaNews Group/Pasadena Star-News via Getty Images

After pitching, an emotional Brusdar Graterol was seen hugging a member of the Dodgers coaching staff in the dugout and then both pointing to his mom, who blew a kiss back to her son.

"Me and my mom grew up together. We went through all of it together," Brusdar Graterol said. "She was a mom and dad figure for me the whole time, and I've always wanted to be an example for her and for her to be proud of me."

MORE: Derek Jeter gets his nails painted by daughters in sweet photo

In addition to watching her son pitch for the Dodgers, Ysmalia Graterol also got to see her daughter-in-law Allison Landa Graterol -- Brusdar Graterol's wife -- and her granddaughter Aria, whom the couple welcomed earlier this year.

Brusdar Graterol said his mom is planning to stay for several more weeks, hopefully through the World Series, which will end in early November.

"She'll be with us for the end of this season and then hopefully she'll be with us to celebrate the World Series," he said.

Related Topics
MLB
Trump sentencing transcript: Listen to Trump's entire hush money sentencing hearing
Winning numbers drawn in Friday’s Mega Millions
老協珍
|
Sponsored by Taboola
老協珍年菜 現在下訂，年前到貨【全館滿$3888現折$200】現在購買
Trump talks with Barack Obama, shakes hands with Mike Pence during Carter funeral
Supreme Court narrowly rejects Trump's last-ditch bid to avoid hush money sentencing
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
了解更多
櫥舊佈新｜大容量簡約櫥櫃
宜得利家居
了解更多
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
為味全龍應援！【諾貝爾眼科】全飛秒近視雷射►解放雙眼
諾貝爾眼科
了解更多
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力測驗，並 查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test
【辻利茶舗】新春限定禮盒預購優惠開跑！任選3盒即享9折優惠，傳遞幸福不留遺憾！
辻利茶舖
立即選購
仿岩質感風｜吸濕耐熱頂板
宜得利家居
了解更多
老協珍 熬雞精、人蔘精禮盒(14入)【任選買2 送1】新春送禮一起做愛心！
老協珍
立即選購
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告
立即搜索
ABC News Network
About Nielsen Measurement
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Interest-Based Ads
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Your US State Privacy Rights
© 2025 ABC News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://abcnews.go.com/GMA/Family/dodgers-pitcher-plays-front-mom-1st-time-after/story?id=103378731 
 ----- 
