Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Charlotte Hornets' LaMelo Ball Fined $100K for What He Said After Win Over Bucks
The league is clearly sending a serious statement about 'offensive' player comments.
Philip Trapp | Nov 17, 2024
Nov 12, 2024; Orlando, Florida, USA; Charlotte Hornets guard LaMelo Ball (1) after the game against the Orlando Magic at Kia Center. Mandatory Credit: Kim Klement Neitzel-Imagn Images / Kim Klement Neitzel-Imagn Images
In this story:
Charlotte Hornets

LaMelo Ball, the Charlotte Hornets' (5-7) star guard, has been fined $100,000 by the league for an "offensive and derogatory" statement he made in an on-court post-game interview immediately after the Hornets logged a win at home over the Milwaukee Bucks (4-9) on Saturday (Nov. 16).

In an official release that emerged on Sunday (Nov. 17), the NBA Communications department stated, "Charlotte Hornets guard LaMelo Ball has been fined $100,000 for making an offensive and derogatory comment in a postgame interview, it was announced today by Joe Dumars, Executive Vice President, Head of Basketball Operations."

The statement added, "Ball's comments occurred following the Hornets' 115-114 win over the Milwaukee Bucks on Nov. 16 at Spectrum Center." See the corresponding X (Twitter) post from NBA Communications below.

The "offensive and derogatory" comment in question appeared to have been when Ball lowered his voice to seemingly utter an anti-gay slur as he was describing the game on Saturday.

"You said that last play, when he took the shot?" LaMelo responded to an on-court interviewer after the win over the Bucks at Charlotte's Spectrum Center, the player referencing a missed shot by the Bucks' Giannis Antetokounmpo that preceded Ball making two free-throws to ultimately win the game by a point. See the footage from the interview video below.

The Hornets play the undefeated Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday at 6 p.m. ET.

MORE STORIES FROM HORNETS ON SI

The Hornets look to spring upset and defeat unbeaten Cleveland Cavaliers

Hornets injury report: Three key players in jeopardy of missing today's contest against 14-0 Cavaliers

Score predictions for Charlotte's matchup in Cleveland against the undefeated Cavaliers

Published Nov 17, 2024|Modified Nov 17, 2024
PHILIP TRAPP

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hornets/news/charlotte-hornets-lamelo-ball-fined-100k-for-what-he-said-after-win-over-bucks 
 ----- 
