Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
SALT LAKE CITY, UT - OCTOBER 31: Kyle Filipowski #22 and Keyonte George #3 of the Utah Jazz high five during the game on October 31, 2024 at Delta Center in Salt Lake City, Utah. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this Photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. Mandatory Copyright Notice: Copyright 2024 NBAE (Photo by Chris Nicoll/NBAE via Getty Images)(Chris Nicoll)
Preview: Utah Jazz Open Road Trip Against Denver Nuggets 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
November 1, 20245:07 PM MDT

It’s time for the Utah Jazz to hit the road.

After hosting four of the first five games of the season at Delta Center, Utah begins a four-game road trip Saturday night against the Denver Nuggets. 

The Jazz continue to navigate a period marked by injuries up-and-down the roster, creating opportunities for rookies Cody Williams and Kyle Filipowski to get significant playing time. Utah is still searching for a rhythm on the offensive end of the floor, failing to score over 100 points in each of the last two games.

It has been an uneven start to the 2024-25 campaign for the Nuggets, who underwent a few significant changes in the offseason, most notably the departure of Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and the arrival of Russell Westbrook. Of course, any discussion of the Nuggets starts with three-time MVP Nikola Jokić, who has raced out to an impressive start this season, with averages of 31.5 points, 12.5 rebounds, and 9.3 assists per game. 

Denver won three of the four meetings a year ago. 

Jazz Injury report:

AVAILABLE

Collin Sexton (left fourth finger DIP avulsion fracture)

DOUBTFUL

Lauri Markkanen (low back spasms)

OUT

Jordan Clarkson (left plantar fasciitis), Isaiah Collier (right hamstring strain), Taylor Hendricks (right fibula fracture), Micah Potter (G League Two-Way), Jason Preston (G League Two-Way),

Here are three keys to Saturday’s contest. 

Valuing each possession 

The Jazz looked on the way to the first victory of the season Thursday night against the San Antonio Spurs after holding a halftime lead. However, 12 turnovers in the third quarter sunk the offense and the Spurs took full advantage over the final 24 minutes of action.

“The story of the game was the offense, and the third quarter in particular,” Jazz head coach Will Hardy added. “It’s a very hard game already, we have to do a better job as a group of valuing the ball.”

Committing 26 turnovers is certainly not part of a recipe to win games, and the Jazz currently own the highest turnover percentage in the league on the season. Going up against a Nuggets squad that doesn’t force many turnovers (23rd in opponent turnover percentage), Utah will have a chance to bounce back from Thursday night’s effort and string together quality offensive possessions. 

The battle in the paint 

Led by Jokić, the Nuggets have consistently been an effective team on the offensive glass and scoring in the paint. This season has been no different, with Denver ranking near the top-10 in offensive rebound percentage (30.2 percent) and eighth in points in the paint per game (52.5). 

When looking at shot distributions, the Nuggets own the second-highest frequency of attempts coming around the rim at 42.2 percent, making it crucial that Utah is locked in defensively inside the paint, led by Walker Kessler. 

On the other end of the floor, the Jazz will look to create advantages on the offensive glass, ranking fourth in offensive rebound percentage at 34.1 percent. 

Striking first on the second unit 

As a result of the absences in Utah’s rotation early in the season, Hardy has had to tinker with different lineup combinations. 

“It’s a little tough because you get used to playing with guys, but you need to be able to adapt,” Kessler said following the loss to the Spurs. “We’re figuring it out, it’s still early, so we’ll keep at it.” 

Although it hasn’t resulted in a victory just yet, the Jazz bench groups have been able to produce at times, with an average of 41.2 points per game coming from the second unit, the sixth-highest average in the league. 

The Nuggets are certainly led by their dynamic starting lineup, which boasts a +15.7 net-rating early in the season. However, it’s a different story once the second unit comes in, as Denver ranks 28th in the league in bench points per game (22.5), with those groups being a minus-26 on the season. 

Saturday’s game tips off at 8 p.m. MT (Jazz+). 

Tags
Utah Jazz
Walker Kessler
Will Hardy
Related Articles
Preview: Utah Jazz Open Road Trip Against Denver Nuggets 
Utah Jazz Showcase Halloween Spirit Ahead of Game Against Spurs
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/preview-utah-jazz-open-road-trip-against-denver-nuggets 
 ----- 
