Skip to Content, Navigation, or Footer.
Subscribe
 
Donate
SPORTS
Here’s which former Hoosiers are taking the floor for the 2024-25 NBA season
Golden State Warriors' Trayce Jackson-Davis, a former IU men's basketball player, scores against San Antonio Spurs’ Dominick Barlow (26) in the third quarter of an NBA game March 9, 2024, at Chase Center in San Francisco, California. Jackson-Davis was drafted in the second round of 2023 NBA Draft by the Warriors. Photo by Tribune News Service / The Indiana Daily Student
By Conor Banks
Oct 30, 2024 12:55 pm · Updated Nov 1, 2024 12:17 pm
 
 
 

From Isiah Thomas to Victor Oladipo, Indiana University basketball has a storied history of producing great NBA talent. Seven former Hoosiers look to continue this legacy as they take the floor during this NBA season.  

OG Anunoby 

Expectations might be highest for New York Knicks forward OG Anunoby, who hopes to stay healthy in his first full season as a member of the Knicks — a team with championship aspirations. Connecting on 38.2% of his three-point attempts and serving as a premier defender, Anunoby averaged 14.7 points and 4.2 rebounds per game last season while spending time with the Toronto Raptors and Knicks.  

During his time at Indiana, Anunoby played a pivotal role in the team’s run to the Sweet 16 in the 2016 NCAA Tournament. He averaged 7.7 points per game during the tournament while being an elite contributor on the defensive end of the floor. The following year, he was selected with the 23rd pick in the 2017 NBA Draft by the Raptors.  

Following a 23-point loss to the Boston Celtics on opening night, Anunoby and the Knicks bounced back with a commanding 25-point victory against the Indiana Pacers last Friday.  

Trayce Jackson-Davis, Jalen Hood-Schifino and Kel’el Ware comprise the list of recent IU alumni, who are still looking to establish themselves in the NBA.  

Trayce Jackson-Davis 

After setting new school records for career blocks and rebounds and being named a consensus First-Team All-American his senior year, Jackson-Davis was acquired by the Golden State Warriors as part of a draft day trade in 2023.  

Jackson-Davis played 68 games last season and is projected to play a key role as the Warriors’ starting center this season. 

Jalen Hood-Schifino  

His college teammate, Hood-Schifino, enjoyed success in his one and done season at Indiana, starting all 32 games played and averaging 13.5 points, 4.1 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game. This stat line propelled him to the Big Ten Freshman of the Year award. 

A first-round pick by the Los Angeles Lakers in 2023, Hood-Schifino only appeared in 21 games for the Lakers last season, averaging 1.6 points per game prior to undergoing back surgery in March. He aims to return to the court healthy and earn a role in the guard rotation this season.  

While the Lakers are off to a hot start, starting off the season 3-0 for the first time since 2010 before losing to the Phoenix Suns on Monday, Hood-Schifino has yet to see the court.  

Kel’el Ware 

The Miami Heat selected Ware with the 15th pick in this year's NBA draft. The 7-footer flashed the ability to space the floor and protect the rim at a high level throughout his sophomore season at Indiana, being named to the All-Big Ten Second Team. 

While Ware struggled from behind the arc during the NBA preseason, converting on just 18% of his 3-pointers through five games, he showcased some of his shot-blocking ability, swatting 1.2 shots a game.  

Ware’s Miami teammate Thomas Bryant leads a group of established Indiana alumni looking to continue their NBA journeys.  

Thomas Bryant 

Bryant still holds the school record for the highest single season field goal percentage by shooting 68.3% from the field as a freshman while being a primary factor in the school’s run to the Sweet 16 during the 2016 NCAA Tournament. 

After two seasons at Indiana, he was drafted in the second round by the Utah Jazz and traded to the Lakers on draft day in 2017. Playing with his fourth team in seven seasons, Bryant looks to reprise his role as a rotational center for the Heat this year.  

Eric Gordon 

Eric Gordon’s successful basketball career goes all the way back to his time with the Hoosiers during the 2007-2008 NCAA season. Prior to being selected No. 7 overall by the Los Angeles Clippers in the 2008 NBA draft, he scored 669 points in his one and only college season, marking a Big Ten and IU freshman record for most points scored in a season.  

At 35, Gordon enters his 16th season as a pro and first with the Philadelphia 76ers, where he will look to provide valuable three-point shooting.  

Cody Zeller 

Cody Zeller, a Washington, Indiana, native, spent two seasons at the school before being selected No. 4 overall in the 2013 NBA Draft by the then-Charlotte Bobcats.  

At Indiana, Zeller secured a First Team All-Big Ten spot, averaging a team best 16.5 points and 8.1 rebounds his sophomore year. The big man finished his college playing days with a career 59.1 field goal percentage –– the best in school history.  

After eight seasons in the NBA with Charlotte, and stints with the Portland Trail Blazers, Heat, and New Orleans Pelicans, Zeller was a part of a sign-and-trade deal in July that landed him in Atlanta for his first season with the Hawks.  

Get stories like this in your inbox
 SUBSCRIBE
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Cardiologist: Drink This Once a Day - to Turn on Fat Burning Mode
Wellness Explorer
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Nevada (Check Zip Code)
OTTO Quotes
Cardiologists: Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Slims Waist From 36 to 21
Rising Health Trends
Cardiologist: How to Quickly Lose a Hanging Belly (Watch)
Wellness Wisdom Hub
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Walk-in Shower Upgrade
HomeBuddy
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom
Outfany
A 60-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All over
Libiyi
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
MORE
'We have to play so much better’: Indiana women’s basketball outlasts Northwestern in conference battle
COLUMN: Ciezki hitting stride at the right time after dominant performance against Northwestern
More snow to fall in Bloomington on Friday
TRENDING
Indiana men’s basketball’s Malik Reneau won’t return ‘anytime soon’ Woodson says
UPDATED: See closures, alerts and updates for Monroe County amid snowstorm
Indiana men’s basketball hits the road, plays Penn State at The Palestra
Indiana men’s basketball returns home to face USC on Wednesday after first Quad 1 win
UPDATED: Bloomington Transit and campus buses to shut down Monday
Get updates on the Daily Rundown.
See the day's top headlines and weekly recaps every Friday.
SIGN ME UP!
Indiana Daily Student
812-855-0763
ids@iu.edu
601 E. Kirkwood Ave.,
Bloomington, IN 47405-7108
 
 
 
 
GENERAL INFO
About Us
Staff List
Contact Us
Employment
FAQs
Advertising
Privacy
Terms
COMMUNITY HUB
Classifieds
Events
Health
Religious
Powered by  Solutions by The State News
All Content © 2025 Indiana Daily Student
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.idsnews.com/article/2024/10/indiana-basketball-nba-season-bloomington-big-ten-iu 
 ----- 
