Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Barcelona beat Real Madrid
NFL playoff
Maha Kumbh Mela
Australian Open 2025
SPORTS
Vientos hits second 2-run homer in 10th to lift Mets over Reds 6-4 for 8th straight win
1 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Mark Vientos hits a two-run walkoff home run during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

2 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Mark Vientos reacts after hitting a two-run walkoff home run during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

3 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Mark Vientos is congratulated by teammates after hitting a two-run walk-off home run during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. The Mets won 6-4. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

4 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Mark Vientos rounds the bases after hitting a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

5 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Mark Vientos (27) rounds the bases past Cincinnati Reds second baseman Jonathan India, left, after hitting a two-run home run during the first inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

6 of 15 |  

New York Mets pitcher Jose Butto reacts during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. The Mets won 6-4. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

7 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Mark Vientos is congratulated by teammates after hitting a two-run walk-off home run during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. The Mets won 6-4. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

8 of 15 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ TJ Friedl reacts after hitting a two-run home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

9 of 15 |  

New York Mets pitcher Sean Manaea reacts after being taken out during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

10 of 15 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ TJ Friedl reacts with Spencer Steer (7) after hitting a two-run home run during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

11 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Pete Alonso, center, scores a run past Cincinnati Reds catcher Tyler Stephenson, right, during the sixth inning of a baseball game Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

12 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Jose Iglesias (11) reacts behind Cincinnati Reds second baseman Jonathan India (6) after hitting a run scoring single and then advancing to second base during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

Read More
13 of 15 |  

Cincinnati Reds manager David Bell reaches for the ball from pitcher Brandon Williamson during a pitching change in the sixth inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

14 of 15 |  

New York Mets’ Jose Iglesias hits a run-scoring single during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

15 of 15 |  

Cincinnati Reds’ Brandon Williamson pitches during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)

BY  MIKE FITZPATRICK
Updated 4:42 AM UTC, September 7, 2024
Share

NEW YORK (AP) — Mark Vientos hit a pair of two-run homers, including a leadoff shot in the 10th inning that sent the New York Mets past the Cincinnati Reds 6-4 on Friday night for their eighth consecutive victory.

New York hasn’t trailed in 63 innings and is riding its longest winning streak since an eight-game run in August 2019. Vientos also connected in the first for the Mets, who remained tied with rival Atlanta for the last National League wild card.

“I think September’s the right time to get hot,” Vientos said.

Mets closer Edwin Díaz and younger brother Alexis, the Reds’ ace reliever, pitched in the same game for the first time in their All-Star careers.

Edwin Díaz struck out all three batters in the top of the ninth, fanning Elly De La Cruz and Spencer Steer with 100 mph fastballs. Alexis Díaz worked a hitless bottom of the ninth to keep the score tied.

“We both did good,” Edwin Díaz said, grinning. “So he can’t say anything to me, I can’t say anything to him.”

Afterward, they took photos on the field with about 20 proud family members — including their parents.

“It was a very special day,” said Alexis Díaz, with teammate Nick Martinez translating from Spanish to English. “It was an emotional moment.”

RELATED STORIES
Mets add Montas to their rotation with a $34 million, 2-year contract, AP source says
Mets and RHP Frankie Montas finalize $34 million, 2-year contract
City switcher: Clay Holmes confident and excited about move from bullpen to rotation with NY Mets

With automatic runner Brandon Nimmo on second base, Vientos drove a 2-2 fastball from Justin Wilson (1-5) clocked at 97 mph to left field for his 24th home run and second game-ending drive this season.

“I knew I was going to get an opportunity. I feel like I kind of want the opportunity in those situations and when I got it I was like, yes, let’s do this,” Vientos said. “We were confident that we were going to win that game.”

The 24-year-old third baseman tossed his bat aside and then his helmet high in the air as he approached home plate, where jubilant teammates swarmed him with glee, doused him in liquid — and ripped off his jersey.

“I don’t know if I believe in magic, but I think we have the energy and the right mindset going into this month because we’re hungry and we want to make it to the playoffs,” Vientos said.

Jose Buttó (7-3) pitched a perfect 10th for the win. New York’s bullpen, a suspect unit much of the season, has a 0.72 ERA over 25 innings during the winning streak.

Cincinnati was coming off a three-game sweep of AL West-leading Houston and had won four in a row overall.

De La Cruz and TJ Friedl each connected for a two-run homer off Mets starter Sean Manaea that tied the game.

De La Cruz went deep in the fourth following a leadoff walk to Jonathan India. Friedl evened it 4-all with two outs in the seventh when Manaea hung a 78 mph sweeper.

That was it for Manaea, who allowed three hits and struck out nine. The left-hander, who has blossomed into New York’s top starter this season, was given a warm ovation from the crowd of 25,335 as he walked off the mound.

The Mets went ahead 4-2 in the sixth on RBI singles by pinch-hitter Jose Iglesias and new dad J.D. Martinez. Pete Alonso started the two-out rally, reaching on a double when his drive squirted out of Jake Fraley’s glove as the right fielder attempted to complete a tumbling catch in the corner.

“There’s never panic. We’re never out of the game. That’s the feeling,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “There’s a lot of different ways that we can create runs.”

Vientos gave the Mets a 2-0 lead nine pitches into the game when he homered off opener Fernando Cruz.

Francisco Lindor was aboard after a soft leadoff single that extended his hitting streak to 16 games, setting a career high. Lindor also pushed his on-base streak to 34 games, another career best and the longest active run in the majors.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mets: 2B Jeff McNeil was removed for a pinch hitter in the sixth, one inning after getting hit by a 74 mph curveball. McNeil appeared to get plunked on his protective padding, but the team announced he exited with a bruised right wrist and will undergo testing Saturday. ... RHP Kodai Senga (strained left calf) will throw another bullpen Saturday. Senga threw 25 pitches in his first bullpen session Wednesday and hopes to return from the 60-day injured list when eligible Sept. 25. … Martinez was back in the lineup at DH after being reinstated from the paternity list on the off day Thursday. He missed a three-game sweep of Boston from Monday to Wednesday.

UP NEXT

Mets LHP Jose Quintana (7-9, 4.27 ERA) starts Saturday against RHP Jakob Junis (4-0, 3.13) in the middle game of the series.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Louisiana man charged with murder in stabbing deaths of...
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Fired US Center for SafeSport investigator arrested on new...
Plan for stricter lobster fishing rules scrapped amid strong...
Special counsel Jack Smith has resigned after submitting his...
US finds no 'Havana syndrome' link to foreign powers, but 2 sp...
A U.S. intelligence report finds no evidence linking a foreign power to the mysterious...
AP News
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposi...
Anita Bryant, a former Miss Oklahoma and popular singer who became known over...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Delta jet aborts takeoff from snowy Atlanta airport after...
Four passengers have been injured after a Delta Air Lines jet at the Atlanta airport...
AP News
Canada's former leader Chrétien has blunt advice for Trump:...
Jean Chrétien, who was Canada’s prime minister from 1993 to 2003, joined a...
AP News
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
What if Germany had won WW1? Game simulates historical...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
An ex-Green Beret behind a failed Venezuela raid in 2020...
A former Green Beret behind a clandestine invasion of Venezuela in 2020 to try and...
AP News
Progress made in talks over Isra el-Hamas ceasefire and hostag...
Officials say U.S. and Arab mediators made significant progress overnight toward br...
AP News
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
Put 2025 In Its Place
YETI
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/mets-reds-score-vientos-2e0f77d09ea97ad9f8f5894c4f5f1d1a 
 ----- 
