Mark Vientos' two home runs, including walk-off, lift Mets to 6-4 win over Reds in series opener
New York is on an eight-game win streak
9/7/2024, 1:55 AM

Garrett Stepien

Freelance Editorial Producer
0 seconds of 0 secondsVolume 0%
 

Fueled by Mark Vientos' pair of two-run homers, the Mets began their three-game series against the Cincinnati Reds with a 6-4 win Friday in 10 innings. New York has won eight straight games, a season-best stretch.

Takeaways

1. Sean Manaea allowed more than three runs in a game for the first time since July 19, with a pair of game-tying two-run homers doing the damage -- an uncharacteristic blemish to what was still an otherwise strong start. The left-hander allowed four runs on three hits while striking out nine, walking two and plunking one in 6.2 IP.

After the Mets went ahead with a two-out rally for a two-run sixth inning, Manaea blew the 4-2 lead on a two-out, two-run homer to TJ Friedl. Aside from Friedl's long ball and Elly De La Cruz's two-run shot in the fourth inning, the Reds' only other hit off Manaea was a second-inning single by Spencer Steer.

All year, Manaea (11-5, 3.33 ERA) has been nails for the Mets. The 64-strike, 97-pitch outing was two pitches away from being a fifth-straight quality start.

2. Have a year, Vientos. The third-hitting third baseman Vientos put the Mets on the board and up 2-0 on a second-inning homer, his 23rd of the season, before adding a seventh-inning single and a 10th-inning walk-off. Vientos, who is up to 62 RBI, has taken his opportunity this season and run with it.

3. Welcome back, J.D. Martinez. In his return from the paternity list, he posted a 1-for-4 effort that included a two-out RBI single in the sixth inning and added to the Mets' 4-2 lead.

4. With the Atlanta Braves' 3-1 win over the Toronto Blue Jays, the Mets (77-64) remain in a tie for the third NL Wild Card spot. Even when there were opportunities for the Reds (68-74) to steal the opener, New York never backed down. This team showed playoff-caliber grit Friday at Citi Field.

Who's the MVP?

Vientos, who started -- and ended -- the Mets' scoring with his pair of two-run shots.

Highlights

OMG!

Mark Vientos launches his 23rd home run of the season! pic.twitter.com/2WZE8ARCbs

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 6, 2024

Sean Manaea strikes out the side in the 5th! pic.twitter.com/HxB1juWBMe

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 7, 2024

OMG!!!!!!

José Iglesias gives the Mets the lead! 🔥 pic.twitter.com/Csaf6r58zi

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 7, 2024

Welcome back, J.D. Martinez!

He brings home José Iglesias to make it 4-2 Mets! pic.twitter.com/wmlHp2r4Cq

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 7, 2024

MARK VIENTOS HITS HIS SECOND HOME RUN OF THE NIGHT AND THE METS WIN IT!!!!!!! pic.twitter.com/a0f5LUa4Pc

— SNY (@SNYtv) September 7, 2024
What's next

The Mets and Reds continue their series with Saturday's 4:10 p.m. game on SNY.

New York is set to start left-hander Jose Quintana (7-9, 4.27 ERA).

SHARE
TAGS

Mets

#

Sean Manaea

#

Francisco Lindor

#

Mark Vientos

#

J.D. Martinez

#

Garrett Stepien

POPULAR IN THE COMMUNITY
About SNY
Advertise with SNY
Get SNY
Studios
Contact
Jobs
Internships
Privacy Policy
Closed Captioning
Terms of Use

Owned and operated by SportsNet New York, part of the SNY Blog Network. SNY trademarks and copyrights are the property of SportsNet New York, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sny.tv/articles/mark-vientos-two-home-runs-including-walk-off-lift-mets-to-6-4-win-over-reds-in-series-opener 
 ----- 
