Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Vientos hits second 2-run homer in 10th to lift Mets over Reds for 8th straight win
New York Mets’ Mark Vientos reacts after hitting a two-run walkoff home run during the 10th inning of a baseball game against the Cincinnati Reds, Friday, Sept. 6, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Adam Hunger)
By MIKE FITZPATRICK | | The Associated Press
UPDATED: September 6, 2024 at 10:55 PM EDT

NEW YORK — Mark Vientos hit a pair of two-run homers, including a leadoff shot in the 10th inning that sent the New York Mets past the Cincinnati Reds 6-4 on Friday night for their eighth consecutive victory.

New York is riding its longest winning streak since an eight-game run in August 2019. Vientos also connected in the first inning for the Mets, who remained tied with Atlanta for the last National League wild card.

The rival Braves won 3-1 over visiting Toronto.

Mets closer Edwin Díaz and younger brother Alexis, the Reds’ ace reliever, pitched in the same game for the first time in their major league careers.

Edwin Díaz struck out all three batters in the top of the ninth, fanning Elly De La Cruz and Spencer Steer with 100 mph fastballs.

Alexis Díaz worked a hitless bottom of the ninth to keep the score tied.

With automatic runner Brandon Nimmo on second base, Vientos drove a 2-2 fastball from Justin Wilson (1-5) clocked at 97 mph to left field for his 24th home run.

Jose Buttó (7-3) pitched a perfect inning for the win.

Cincinnati was coming off a three-game sweep of AL West-leading Houston and had won four in a row overall.

De La Cruz and TJ Friedl each connected for a two-run homer off Mets starter Sean Manaea that tied the game.

De La Cruz went deep in the fourth following a leadoff walk to Jonathan India. Friedl evened it 4-all with two outs in the seventh when Manaea hung a 78 mph sweeper.

That was it for Manaea, who allowed three hits and struck out nine. The left-hander, who has blossomed into New York’s top starter this season, was given a warm ovation from the crowd of 25,335 as he walked off the mound.

The Mets went ahead 4-2 in the sixth on RBI singles by pinch-hitter Jose Iglesias and new dad J.D. Martinez. Pete Alonso started the two-out rally, reaching on a double when his drive squirted out of Jake Fraley’s glove as the right fielder attempted to complete a tumbling catch in the corner.

Vientos gave the Mets a 2-0 lead nine pitches into the game when he homered off opener Fernando Cruz.

Francisco Lindor was aboard after a soft leadoff single that extended his hitting streak to 16 games, setting a career high. Lindor also pushed his on-base streak to 34 games, another career best and the longest active run in the majors.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mets: 2B Jeff McNeil was removed for a pinch hitter in the sixth, one inning after getting hit by a 74 mph curveball. McNeil appeared to get plunked on his protective padding, but the team announced he exited with a bruised right wrist and will undergo testing Saturday. … RHP Kodai Senga (strained left calf) will throw another bullpen Saturday. Senga threw 25 pitches in his first bullpen session Wednesday and hopes to return from the 60-day injured list when eligible Sept. 25. … Martinez was back in the lineup at DH after being reinstated from the paternity list on the off day Thursday. He missed a three-game sweep of Boston from Monday to Wednesday. … RHP Sean Reid-Foley (shoulder impingement) was transferred to the 60-day injured list Thursday when the Mets claimed OF José Azócar off waivers from San Diego. Manager Carlos Mendoza didn’t rule out a return for Reid-Foley this season. Mendoza said Reid-Foley is throwing and hopefully will get on a mound again next week. Azócar was optioned to Triple-A Syracuse.

UP NEXT

Mets LHP Jose Quintana (7-9, 4.27 ERA) pitches Saturday in the middle game of the series. Cincinnati had not announced a scheduled starter.

Originally Published: September 6, 2024 at 10:43 PM EDT
Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe the Baldness
BioGrow
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
North Charleston: Famous Two Bed Senior Apartments for $299/month - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
The Worst Tourist Trap in Every State (See The List)
Definition
Dog Growls at Wall Until Dad Smells Something Strange and Rips It Down
novelodge
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Uncovering the Shocking Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer You Never Saw Coming!
Tardive Dyskenisia
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Find Unbelievable Car Deals Near You!
Car Deals Near You
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
Neurologist: 97% of People With Neuropathy Don't Know This Crucial Thing
WellnessGaze Neuro
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
Worried About Inflation? Try This Gold Strategy
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have More Than $1,000 in Your Checking Account, Here Are 8 Money Moves
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
10 Foods You Should Never Eat at Dinner
HEALTH NATURAL
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Top 15 Most Unhealthy Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
10 Worst Foods You Must Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet The #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Online Ingrezza Treatment for Tardive Dyskinesia Symptoms
Tardive Dyskinesia
North Charleston: These Unsold Storage Units 10x20 May Now Be Almost Given Away!
Storage Units
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Will Flip Your Perspective!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Do This Once Daily, Your Hair Will Grow Like Crazy (Watch)
WG Hair Restore
Blurry Vision? Do This Immediately and See Results
WellnessGaze Vision
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Nеurоpathу Breakthrough: Experts Speechless
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
How to Prevent a Heart Attack (Do This 3 Times a Day)
WellnessGaze Heart
Swollen Feet & Ankles: Use This to Help Drain Edema Fluid
WellnessGaze Edema
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
2024
September
6
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/06/vientos-hits-second-2-run-homer-in-10th-to-lift-mets-over-reds-for-8th-straight-win/ 
 ----- 
