SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
TRANSFER NEWS
TENNIS
FEATURES
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
GOLF
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
CRICKET
T20 WORLD CUP
AFGHANISTAN CAPTAIN NABI STEPS DOWN CITING DISAGREEMENTS WITH SELECTORS
Afghanistan captain Nabi steps down citing disagreements with selectors
Reuters,
04.11.2022 15:18
Mohammad Nabi scored just one in his final game as captain in Adelaide
Reuters
Mohammad Nabi (37) stepped down as Afghanistan captain on Friday after the Asian country were eliminated from the Twenty20 World Cup without winning a single match.

Nabi said he was resigning due to differences with the selectors after Afghanistan lost their final T20 Super 12 match to Australia.

They finished the tournament as the only team without a win, with three defeats and two games abandoned due to rain.

"From the last one year, our team preparation was not to a level that a captain would want it or needed for a big tournament," Nabi wrote on Twitter.

"Moreover, in some of the last tours the team management, selection committee and I were not on the same page which had implications on the team balance.

"Therefore, with due respect, effective immediately I announce to step down as a captain and will continue to play for my country when the management and team need me."

Nabi took over as captain before the 2021 World Cup when Rashid Khan (24) stepped down for similar reasons immediately after the squad was announced, saying the selection committee had not obtained his consent for the team that was announced.

Check out the summary of Afghanistan's clash against Australia with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Cricket
Mohammad Nabi
T20 World Cup
Afghanistan
T20 World Cup
Related Articles
Sri Lanka knock out Afghanistan after Hasaranga, de Silva shine
01.11.2022 08:38
Curran-inspired England beat Afghanistan to launch World Cup bid
22.10.2022 15:42
New Zealand reach World Cup semis, Australia win and wait
04.11.2022 12:24
Show more
Cricket
India coach hoping Rohit & Kohli remain available despite poor showings against Australia
3 h ago
Cummins 'really satisfied' to win 'kind of everything' with Australia after India victory
4 h ago
Australia hold firm in fifth Test to defeat India & advance to World Test Championship final
8 h ago
Ryan Rickelton stars to put South Africa in control of second test against Pakistan
19 h ago
Defiant Rohit Sharma insists he's not retiring despite being dropped for test decider
Yesterday 11:56
Fifth Test between India and Australia in the balance after Pant hits half-century
Yesterday 08:39
'Chuffed' Rickelton seizes opening chance to smash opening day century
03.01.2025 19:53
Scott Boland and Mitchell Starc impress as Australia shred through India in fifth Test
03.01.2025 10:01
Rohit left out of India's final Test against Australia, could be the end for 'Hitman'
03.01.2025 04:17
Kusal Perera century helps Sri Lanka to consolation win against New Zealand
02.01.2025 08:58
Most Read
Transfer News LIVE: Napoli seeking Chiesa deal, Tottenham sign goalkeeper
Football Tracker: Cagliari & Monza level in crucial clash, Liverpool vs United going ahead
Olmo unable to play for Barcelona after Spanish FA & LaLiga reject request to register him
What can Tottenham fans expect from potential new goalkeeper Antonin Kinsky?
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NBA News
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Axelsen - Lee
Popov - Christie
Deportiva Minera - Real Madrid
Inter - AC Milan
Ath Bilbao - Barcelona
Al Nassr - Al Okhdood
Real Madrid - Mallorca
FOOTBALL SCORES
Liverpool - Manchester Utd
Arsenal - Newcastle
Tottenham - Liverpool
Liverpool - Accrington
Manchester City - Salford
Arsenal - Manchester Utd
Brentford - Manchester City
BASKETBALL SCORES
Besiktas - Anadolu Efes
Panathinaikos - PAOK
Karsiyaka - Fenerbahce
Crvena zvezda - FMP Beograd
Mega Basket - Partizan
Baskonia - Real Madrid
Basquet Girona - Barcelona
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-25 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 852 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/afghanistan-captain-nabi-steps-down-citing-disagreements-with-selectors/ED1xvvIt/ 
 ----- 
