    
Home
All News
Crime & Security
Politics
Sports
Oil & Gas
Business
Education
MORE
Health
Agriculture
Entertainment
Regional
Features
Letters
SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 2025 HOME ENTERTAINMENT ADVERTISE GET THE APP CONTACT US
    
News Room Guyana
HOME
ALL NEWS
CRIME & SECURITY
POLITICS
SPORTS
OIL & GAS
BUSINESS
EDUCATION
MORE
Home  Sports  Sri Lanka keep semi-final hopes alive with victory over Afghanistan
SPORTS
Sri Lanka keep semi-final hopes alive with victory over Afghanistan
November 1, 2022 0

Sri Lanka kept their semi-final hopes alive with a six-wicket win over Afghanistan at the Men’s T20 World Cup in Brisbane.

Spinner Wanindu Hasaranga took 3-13 as Sri Lanka restricted Afghanistan to 144-8 despite another sloppy performance in the field.

Dhananjaya de Silva’s unbeaten 66 then steered Sri Lanka to their target with nine balls to spare at the Gabba.

Afghanistan, whose two previous games were washed out, have been eliminated.

Click to view full scoreboard

Sri Lanka need to beat England and for Afghanistan to beat Australia in order to qualify for the semis.

After winning the toss and choosing to bat, Afghanistan openers Rahmanullah Gurbaz and Usman Ghani added 42 for the first wicket as they capitalised on some loose bowling and fielding errors.

But the introduction of Hasaranga changed the course of the game as he applied the pressure and did not concede a boundary in four overs.

It was a below-par total and on a pitch with large boundaries, Sri Lanka made light work of the chase.

De Silva eased the nerves after opener Pathum Nissanka fell early, batting calmly and eliminating the threat of Afghanistan spinners Rashid Khan and Mujeeb ur-Rahman, who took two wickets each.

But there are concerns for Afghanistan ahead of their final game as Rashid Khan limped off with a leg injury towards the end of Sri Lanka’s chase.

Afghanistan play Australia in Adelaide on Friday, while Sri Lanka face England in Sydney on Saturday. (BBC Sport)

Advertisement _____
Previous article
December 12 is Nomination Day for Local Gov’t Elections
Next article
England prevail in must-win clash against New Zealand
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Sports
Pant’s rapid 61 leaves Sydney Test tantalisingly poised
Sports
Rohit says he ‘stood down’ for SCG Test: ‘It is not a retirement decision’
Sports
Jewel Andrew wants to ‘average 50 like Shai Hope and play long for West Indies’
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

 Notify me of follow-up comments by email.

 Notify me of new posts by email.

Advertisement
Recent Posts
Guyana Energy Conference extends Essay Competition deadline to January 15 
Editor - January 4, 2025
Comprehensive policy to enhance homeownership and tackle squatting coming soon 
Editor - January 4, 2025
Works on Demerara River Bridge continue following a court ruling
Editor - January 4, 2025
Pant’s rapid 61 leaves Sydney Test tantalisingly poised
Editor - January 4, 2025
Advertisement
ABOUT US

News Room is a news outlet launched in 2016 and catered to persons interested in creative and intelligent journalism with a broad perspective. We are a daily news broadcast on E-Networks channel, E1, and our stories are also distributed via the devices closest at hand: mobile phones and tablets.

FOLLOW US
Subscribe via Email

Enter your email address to subscribe to this website and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Subscribe

Join 337.9K other subscribers
Archives
November 2022
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	1	2	3	4	5	6
7	8	9	10	11	12	13
14	15	16	17	18	19	20
21	22	23	24	25	26	27
28	29	30	 
« Oct   Dec »
Home Entertainment Advertise Get The App Contact Us
© News Room | A GxMedia Website Solution.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newsroom.gy/2022/11/01/sri-lanka-keep-semi-final-hopes-alive-with-victory-over-afghanistan/ 
 ----- 
