LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
CRICKET
South Africa stays unbeaten at T20 World Cup after beating England by seven runs
Undefeated South Africa has pulled off a seven-run win over defending champion England in the Super Eight playoffs at the Twenty20 World Cup in St. LuciaEngland was restricted to 156-6 in reply to South Africa's 163-6

Published - June 22, 2024 03:13 am IST - GROS ISLET, St. Lucia

AP
READ LATER
PRINT

Players greet each other at the end of the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, on June 21, 2024. | Photo Credit: AP

Undefeated South Africa pulled off a seven-run win over defending champion England in the Super Eight playoffs at the Twenty20 World Cup on June 21.

Harry Brook, who made 53, and Liam Livingstone, with 33 off 17 balls, had the chase in control for England with 25 needed off 18 balls until fast bowlers Kagiso Rabada and Anrich Nortje dismissed them in the last three overs.

England was restricted to 156-6 in reply to South Africa's 163-6.

“Getting to those last three overs, the odds looked heavily against you,” South Africa captain Aiden Markram said. “But the bowlers came back, it shows a lot of skill and shows the fight inside. As a whole, we’re getting closer to that complete game of cricket. We’re not there just yet but we’re getting there.”

Quinton de Kock finished with 65 as he smacked the tournament’s joint-fastest half-century off 22 balls, and David Miller provided the impetus in the latter half of South Africa’s innings with 43 off 28.

South Africa’s win streak was extended to six games and it is a firm favorite for the semifinals after two wins from two in their group.

England suffered its first loss in the Super Eight after it beat the West Indies by eight wickets at the same venue.

South Africa squeezed the chase through spinner Keshav Maharaj (2-25) in the first 10 overs as England could score only a run-a-ball 60 and lost four wickets. The batters couldn’t get momentum in the powerplay despite Jonny Bairstow (17) getting a life when Heinrich Klaasen dropped a sitter at third man.

Captain Jos Buttler believed England lost the game during the powerplay, as nobody could repeat de Kock's antics. “Quinton de Kock came out with a lot of intent, really attacked that powerplay and we couldn’t match that,” Buttler said.

“We came back really well with the ball and I thought Brook and Livi had a fantastic partnership there to take us close … South Africa closed out well.”

Brook and Livingstone capitalized on full tosses from Ottneil Baartman and brought down the target to 25 off the final three overs before Livingstone sent Rabada’s full toss straight to a catch at deep backward square leg.

Needing 15 off Nortje’s final over, Brook was brilliantly caught by Markram over his shoulders while running to end England's threat.

Earlier, de Kock dominated South Africa’s powerplay and had them motoring along at 63-0 before England pulled them back through spinners Adil Rashid (1-20) and Moeen Ali (1-25).

De Kock put fast bowler Jofra Archer on the mat early with two successive sixes in a 21-run over. De Kock was given a life on 58 when video replays suggested Mark Wood's fingers were not underneath the catch. The decision left England players fuming.

Buttler gave England hope with a splendid one-handed catch to remove de Kock, and a run out of Klaasen.

Archer also rallied to finish with 3-40.

Published - June 22, 2024 03:13 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

South Africa / T20 World Cup 2024

Most Popular
Bangladesh Army chief calls for national consensus, ‘political government’, tones down anti-India rhetoric
Why will India’s foreign policy be a tightrope walk?: Explained
Armaan Malik marries influencer Aashna Shroff in intimate ceremony
Bangladeshi Americans urge Trump to protect minorities in Bangladesh
South Korea says initial data extracted from Jeju Air crash black box voice recorder; all victims identified
Eknath Shinde meets PM Modi in New Delhi
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
News 
Cyclone Fengal LIVE news 
Maharashtra government formation LIVE - Nov 29 
World Chess Championship 
Chennai school holiday - 27 Nov 2024 
Morning digest Nov 29 
Bengaluru metro’s Pink Line to be opened by December 2025 
Tulsi Gabbard news 
Haryana earthquake 
AMD Layoffs 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/cricket/south-africa-stays-unbeaten-at-t20-world-cup-after-beating-england-by-seven-runs/article68318369.ece 
 ----- 
