skip to content
Sections
ENGLISH
தமிழ்
বাংলা
മലയാളം
ગુજરાતી
हिंदी
मराठी
BUSINESS
बिज़नेस
Newsletters 
The Indian Express Newsletter. (Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
.(Opens in new window)
EDITION
India
Thursday, Jan 02, 2025 
EPAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
TODAY’S PAPER
.OPENS IN NEW WINDOW
JOURNALISM OF COURAGE
Home
.Opens in new window
ePaper
.Opens in new window
My Express
.Opens in new window
UPSC
.Opens in new window
Explained
.Opens in new window
Opinion
.Opens in new window
Politics
.Opens in new window
Entertainment
.Opens in new window
Business
.Opens in new window
Sports
.Opens in new window
Cities
.Opens in new window
Lifestyle
.Opens in new window
Sign In
.Opens in new window
TRENDING
Border Gavaskar Trophy
Yearenders 2024
Mini Crossword
Premium
Express Shorts
🎙️ Podcast
Health & Wellness
ADVERTISEMENT
NewsSportsCricketEngland vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: SA beat ENG by 7 runs in St Lucia
England vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: SA beat ENG by 7 runs in St Lucia
England vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Earlier South Africa had posted 163/6 on back off blistering half-century from Quinton De Kock and a timely cameo in the final overs from David Miller after England skipper Jos Buttler won the toss and put South Africa into bat
By: Sports Desk
Updated: June 22, 2024 00:50 IST
Follow Us
South Africa players celebrate the dismissal of England's Jonny Bairstow, right, during the ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

England vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024 Match Today: Harry Brook’s half-century goes in vain as South Africa beat England by seven runs in match 45 of the T20 World Cup 2024 at the Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium, Gros Islet in St Lucia on Friday

Earlier South Africa had posted 163/6 on back off blistering half-century from Quinton De Kock and a timely cameo in the final overs from David Miller after England skipper Jos Buttler won the toss and put South Africa into bat.

With the win South Africa remains unbeaten in the campaign and moves on top of their group in Super Eight Round. As per England they have one of their earlier game against West Indies and have lost this one. South Africa will play West Indies in their final game while England will meet the United States.

Follow ENG vs SA highlights below:

Match Ended
ICC Men's T20 World Cup, 2024 - Super Eight - Match 5
England
156/6 (20.0)
vs
South Africa
163/6 (20.0)
Match Ended ( Day - Super Eight - Match 5 )
South Africa beat England by 7 runs
View Scorecard

LIVE BLOG
England vs South Africa Highlights, T20 World Cup 2024: Catch the highlights from the Super 8 match between ENG vs SA at the Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in St Lucia
00:04 (IST)
22 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Aiden Markram after game

Last three overs we had a lot against us but the bowlers had good plans and pulled it off. Message after the powerplay was it got slower. If I am greedy we were 10-20 short especially after the start we got. Not quite played a completely game of cricket but we are on the right track. Quinny (de Kock) has been good for us in the last two games. It was a bit nerve-wracking in those overs but it can happen. The plans were there just the execution wasn't. I'm grateful that catch (off Brook) stuck.

23:54 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Jos Buttler after game

Powerplay. Quinton came in with a lot of intent and we couldn't quite match that. We pulled it back and were happy to chase that target but his innings was the difference. We came back well with the ball. Brook and Livingstone had a fantastic partnership to get us close and even look like favourties but credit to South Africa for closing out the game. Really valuable. He's very understanding that you don't get to face many balls in T20 cricket at that positions. He's hitting the ball really well in the nets and backing himself. Looking forward to the next one.

23:44 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Quinton de Kock | Player of the Match:

It (the pitch) definitely doesn't play the same as night games. It's completely a different surface compared to the night games. There was a little bit of extra bounce early on. I try to carry on confidence game by game. We bowled really well in the powerplay, and we controlled it very nicely. To be able to defend 160 on a decent wicket is a good effort from us.

23:34 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: SA beat ENG by 7 runs in St Lucia

That was an excellent final over from Nortje he picked up the wicket of Brook of the first ball and it was an uphill task there on for England. Jofra Archer came in and he could not have an impact. Sam Curran when got the strike got one boundary away and denied a single but eventually of the penultimate ball when he could not hit the yorker for a boundary he took a single which closed the match. South Africa remains unbeaten in the campaign with that. It was a brave effort from Brook and Livingstone in the middle overs nevertheless was not enough. What a cracking game of cricket we had.

23:23 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 19 overs ENG 150/5

The balance of the game has again tilted in the favour of South Africa here. First, it was Rabada in the wicket over who just gave four away and the it was Jansen who bowled another brilliant over. Big call it is for Makrkam on whom will he give the final over. 

23:19 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18 overs ENG 143/5

Baartman bowled full tosses which Livingstone feasted upon. Three back-to-back big overs have now pulled back England into the game and just when they were ahead a full toss from Rabada got mis-timed from Livingstone and Stubbs at square leg took a lovely catch. Harry Brook is still in the middle and responsibility lies on his shoulders to take England through here. Sam Curran has walked into the middle and is no mug with a bat either however, time and again today we have seen it is not the kind of wicket where hitting from ball one is easy Curran will need some to to get adjusted to the pace of the pitch. 

23:08 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 16.1 overs ENG 122/4

This is turning into a gem of an innings from Harry Brook his shot-making has been top-notch for the last 15 minutes or so. He is picking his lengths nicely and is going after the bowlers. He is also well aware of the fields and is placing the ball and his shots accordingly what an innings this is turning out to be from him. He is showing why he is rated so highly. Markram now needs to get his thinking cap on and make the bowling changes carefully. Baartman is the other option he can use in these deathovers. This is turning into a cracking contest here.

22:58 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14.1 overs ENG 93/4

Harry Brook is playing cleverly here instead of muscling the ball he is standing on the back foot and and placing the ball nicely in the gaps. This is the way England needs to do it with some hard running between the wickets until they don't have any other option but to hit sixes. Also, Livingstone's innings will be vital for England here as he is one such player in world cricket who can smash any bowler or bowling attack into the stands and turn the game on its head in no time. However, he does not have much match practice in recent times which might be challenging for him. 

22:48 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 11.5 overs ENG 72/4

Baartman picks Moeen Ali. It was a short one from the bowler which he pulled and hit straight to cow corner England has now lost four wickets. Liam Livingstone has walked into the middle he and Brook need to take this game as deep as possible. It is looking difficult from there but it is not over yet as Livingstone is a specialist in finishing these games. Also apart from Rabada and Bartman, slower one is not a strength of either Jansen or Nortje hence the England batters might consider going after them in the final over the innings. It is going to be fascinating remaining over here. 

22:40 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10.1 overs ENG 61/3

Jos Buttler trying up the ante slogged one and was caught by Klassen at mid-wicket. Things are now getting increasingly difficult for England the wicket is slowing down and they are not able to stitch the partnerships as well. Seems like England does not have a player in their side who can push the ball in gaps and take singles and also look for boundary options instead of high-risk options of hitting the ball in the air and looking for sixes. They need to do it cleverly here England while they need to make sure they win this game they also need to be wary that while trying to go after Target they don't lose the game by a massive margin. 

22:28 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 7.5 overs ENG 48/2

It was a touch shorter slower and wider from Maharaj which he tried to cut and got the edge to point fielder Nortje who took a brilliant catch. England have now lost two wickets and are falling behind the eight ball. The South Africans are chipping away. England needs a big over here sooner rather than later and they also need to keep in mind the bowlers they want to target in the final overs. The wicket seems to be getting increasingly difficult to score on. Buttler too who is a very fluent player is having his fair share of trouble to get the ball away. 

22:18 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 5.5 overs ENG 40/1

With two right-handers in the middle South Africa turned to Keshav Maharaj who tossed one up first ball which Buttler reverse swept for a boundary but bowled the remainder of the over well. This has been good captaincy from Markram so far he has not overcomplicated things he kept it simple and brought in the changes when needed. Baartman is now introduced. He did not play the previous game against the USA it was Shamshi who played then. England is falling behind the rate at the moment it might be difficult to catch up for them once the ball gets softer. Also bowling from South Africa has been excellent so far. 

22:08 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 3 overs ENG 26/1

Kagiso Rabada gets the initial breakthrough. He gets the danger man Phil Salt who slammed a cover drive and Reeza Hendricks took an excellent diving catch at covers inside the ring. This is what the doctor ordered for South Africa. Jonny Bairstow has walked into the middle for England he will be tested with a few fuller ones here. Jansen from the other end has bowled well stuck to his lines and lengths. Both the new ball bowlers started well here for South Africa if they can squeeze England in this powerplay they would believe that is half the battle won for them. 

21:58 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 1.3 overs ENG 13/0

Marco Jansen has taken the new ball for South Africa and started decently he did slip in a short one in the middle of the over which Salt pulled for a mammoth six. England will be aware that they need to maximize the powerplay as much as possible and Salt played a blinder of innings at this ground against West Indies will be well aware of that. Not only did he play a brilliant knock then but also his pacing was outstanding. Kagiso Rabada has taken the new ball from the other end it will be interesting to see how he operates in this first spell. 

21:53 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: David Miller during innings break

Nice to get runs at the back end. We started well, went into a wobble in the middle but it's due to the conditions. 160 is a good score. I hit it well but just a bit too flat. It started well (the pitch). Looked like it came on nicely. But it got slower and slower. It's not too slow, it's a good wicket.

21:44 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 20 overs SA 163/6

South Africa have stumbled to 163 in the end. Archer bowled a magnificent final over picking two wickets of the two balls. It is a proper choke from England in the second half of this innings. Apart from De Kock to an extent Miller no one has looked comfortable on this surface. The England spinners have bowled magnificently as well and pacers have recognized slower ones are the way to go and executed them to perfection. It will be a fascinating chase from England by no stretch of the imagination it is going to be an easy one for them.

21:35 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 19.1 overs SA 155/5

Miller has played a lovely innings here. It is his knock which has taken South Africa to a competitive total in this inning. Also, the innings from Stubbs from the other end show why hitting boundaries from ball one on this surface is a difficult thing to do. As we update Archer picks Miller.

21:27 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 18 overs SA 141/4

The South African innings lost momentum after those wickets fell in middle overs. With three overs remaining in the innings,, they would be hoping to get around that 10-mark. One advantage South Africa does possess is they know they have to bowl pace off the with the old ball and England needs to be wary of the same in the chase. They need to try and get as many runs as possible in the Powerplay. Against West Indies they chased down a big total with was as it was aday-night game where the batting got increasingly easier however, it will not be the same case here today. 

21:18 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 15.5 overs SA 124/4

Aiden Markram has come in and Adil Rashid picks his wicket. It was a tossed-up delivery wide outside the off-stump which the batter tried to drive and got the inside edge onto the stumps. This is an excellent comeback from England in this game. This is more or less now taking the same narrative as 2022 World Cup for England where they did start slowly however, picked up nicely as the tournament went on. once again the likes of Adil Rashid and Moeen Ali who looked average in the early part of the tournament are bowling beautifully here. It will be interesting to see how South Africa goes from here on. 

21:08 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 14 overs SA 107/3

This has been a good passage of play for England similar to the game against West Indies where they did not have control initially but pulled things back nicely here. As we update Buttler does a superman effort to pick the wicket of Klassen. It was wide from Wood which Buttler could not take cleanly and Miller saw the opportunity to snatch a single Klassen who was watching the ball was jogging Buttler threw the stumps at the non-striker end and the ball hit the stumps. South Africa has now lost three wickets with not much of a score added. 

20:59 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 12.2 overs SA 96/2

Archer has come back for his second spell and picked up the wicket of De Kock. Excellent one grab from keeper Buttler behind the stumps to pick wicket. This is where now South Africa needs to be careful this seems to be a wicket where starting for a new batter might be a touch difficult. However, one good thing Markram has done here is to promote both his big hitters Klassen and Miller up the order instead of waiting for the 15th-16th over. South Africa given the way this surface is playing needs to target and get to around 170-mark which might be a challenging total for England to chase. 

20:48 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 10.3 overs SA 89/1

Reeza Hendricks is the first scalp for England. He has been put out of his misery by Moeen Ali. He saw Hendricks charge down the track and threw the ball wide outside the off-stump but the batter continued with his shot and hit it and could not get the timing right and was holed at long-on Harry Brook. Klassen has walked into the middle for South Africa. The scoring has become difficult once the field is spread. It seems like one of those wickets where boundary-hitting might be difficult when the ball is softer and England need to be wary of it when they come to chase in the second innings. 

20:39 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 9 overs SA 80/0

Well well, we had an incident here. De Kock mistimed one off Adil Rashid and Wood on the boundary claimed the catch. However, the left-hander was not sure about it and asked the umpires to have a look. As we all know there is no soft signal anymore and these catches can be tricky the replay when done on close-up the image got blurred which made it hard to read if the fingers were under the ball. The third umpire though they were not judged De Kock not out. Both Wood and Buttler are not happy with the decision as expected and South Africa still hasn't lost a wicket which is the most important part of that play. 

20:28 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 6.4 overs SA 68/0

The England bowlers have played right into the hands of De Kock by bowling him short and on the leg-stump line. There are not many players in world cricket as good as De Kock in accessing the leg-side boundary. This is a top start for South Africa for the second game in a row. England's woes with the ball continue. This is something they need to sort out before they go to the next round if they do. As we update De Kock has completed his half-century. Excellent knock from the left-hander up top he has set the tone of the innings yet again today like he did against USA

20:18 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 4.3 overs SA 48/0

De Kock is climbing onto Archer here. Archer bowled ball stump line however, De Kock loves those lines as his goto shot is to whip the ball on the leg-side Archer has played right into it and the left-hander cashed in. He smacked him for two sixes in the over and when Archer altered his length De Kock was ready for that as well as he uppercut the ball. This is a very good start for South Africa. St Lucia has been one venue in this tournament that has been conducive for batting, and South African openers coming off tough New York conditions are enjoying these.

20:08 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: After 2 overs SA 14/0

Reece Topley bowled a decent over for England there was not much of a swing on offer, however, he stuck to his lines and lengths. And as expected Moeen Ali has been introduced from the other end against Quinton De Kock. The left-hander has had his fair share of troubles against the off-spinners in the past. However, De Kock at this point in time is looking to counter the off-spinner instead of playing him out which might be a good tactic as it won't let Moeen settle into a rhythm. It will be interesting to see when Buttler will look to introduce Archer and the end he gives him.

19:59 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Let's go!

National anthems are done! It's bright sun out there and ideal conditions to play cricket. Yes, there are a few empty seats in the stands but it is early in St Lucia it can be expected to fill as the game goes on. Reece Topley has the new ball for South Africa and Reeza Hendricks and Quinton De Kock are in the middle for South Africa.

19:49 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Pitch report | Natalie Germanos and Michael Atherton

It's a fresh pitch. 69 meter and 66 meter square boundaries. 76 meters down the ground. Not much different to the pitch we saw the other night. England have the advantage of having played here. Don't think it really matters (bat first or bowl first). Expecting a good surface.

19:39 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Markram at toss

Would've also bowled first, just on the basis it's an early start and there's a bit of moisture. Most of the games moving forward we have to start well. Hopefully the boys are nice and fresh for today's challenge. Top-order needed it, spent some time out there. Reminder of how to score runs in this part of the world.

19:37 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: SA playing XI

Quinton de Kock(w), Reeza Hendricks, Aiden Markram(c), David Miller, Heinrich Klaasen, Tristan Stubbs, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Ottneil Baartman

19:36 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG playing XI

Philip Salt, Jos Buttler(w/c), Harry Brook, Jonny Bairstow, Moeen Ali, Liam Livingstone, Sam Curran, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood, Reece Topley

19:36 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Jos Buttler at toss

We're going to bowl first today. Fresh wicket, looks a good pitch. Maybe a little bit of moisture early on. Chased well the other day, so will back that formula again. Going with the same team. Obviously want to look after him as well as we can (Jofra). He's in a good place.

19:24 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: South African batters susceptible to pace

South Africa’s batters have been susceptible to the seamers, posting the worst average (24.13) and run rate (6.25 rpo) among all the Super 8 teams. Meanwhile, England top the charts on run rates (11.25) against pace and hold a healthy 30-plus average against seam on the Caribbean strips.

19:19 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Patchy start but regaining momentum

After a patchy start, England regained steam after trouncing West Indies in the first Super 8 game. Even as the batters cantered in an 181-run chase, it was the English bowlers that made a difference, bowling 51 dot balls off which 36 (six overs) were delivered by the seamers.

The seam quartet of Reece Topley, Jofra Archer, Mark Wood and Sam Curran enforce a stern test for South Africa, whose batters have struggled to counter the fast bowlers in the tournament. Their counterparts, led by Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada and Marco Jansen, have been mercurial, illustrated best by their slender win over the United States.

19:15 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Most economical bowling unit

South Africa have been the most economical pace bowling unit of the tournament so far, conceding only 4.72 runs per over while bowling 61.1 overs – the second-most behind Pakistan. Meanwhile, the USA seamers have been appreciable with a 7.50 economy but have only picked up nine wickets across three games, striking once every 30.2 balls as South Africa’s pacers scalp one every 18.2 deliveries.

19:10 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: South Africa's are nervy chasers

South Africa have been nervy chasers lately, with eight of their last 10 defeats coming with a score in front of them. Aiden Markram’s men were also wobbly chasing small targets against Sri Lanka and the Netherlands in this World Cup.

19:04 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Schedule

Match	Date	Venue
SA vs IND, 1st T20I	Nov. 8, 2024	Durban
SA vs IND, 2nd T20I	Nov. 10, 2024	Gqeberha
SA vs IND, 3rd T20I	Nov. 13, 2024	Centurion
SA vs IND, 4th T20I	Nov. 16, 2024	Johannesburg

18:58 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: India set to tour South Africa in November to play 4-match T20I series

The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) and Cricket South Africa (CSA) on Friday announced that India will travel to South Africa in November to take part in a 4-match T20I series.

The series will begin on November 8 in Kingsmead Stadium in Durban, with the next game on November 10 in Gqeberha’s St George’s Park. The series will then move to the highveld with Supersport Park in Centurion for the third match on November 13 and Johannesburg’s Wanderers Stadium will host the last match on November 16.

18:54 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: The Saffer ‘Topple order’

The Saffer ‘Topple order’ that copped wretched starts on American pitches, didn’t help Markram. But he has been especially vulnerable against the curling delivery pitched on middle that lures him into shaping up for an on-drive and turning the bat face, but which moves away suddenly off the deck like Taskin Ahmed managed for Bangladesh, ticking off his off stump. Klaasen had 46 off 43 by the time Taskin had him premeditating and swinging for a nothing-sway. A top-spinner from leggie Rishad splattered Miller’s slog sweep next as Proteas struggled to reach 120. The bludgeons were busted.

Markram’s dismissals are prone to trigger harakiri in Saffer ranks, as was seen against Nepal. The minnows playing with a Himalayan sized heart, made things so claustrophobic for him even if South Africa were trotting at 67/1. Operating at a strike rate of 68, he was made to wait by Nepal’s Kushal Bhurtel on a pinging length outside off, before the South African hacked at the drive and played onto the stumps, a la Gary Kirsten used to perish at times.

18:50 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Markram vs Sri Lanka and Klassen vs Netherlands

Sri Lanka’s 77 in the Proteas’ T20 World Cup opener ought to have been a stroll. But the sub-100 S.R. (a norm on that devilish pitch at Nassau) for Markram (12 off 13) once again saw him try to flick a shortish middle/leg ball from Dasun Shanaka that eventually squared him up for a leading edge.

Klaasen though held it together for 22 deliveries, not turning impetuous after hitting just 1 four and 1 six, to get the job done alongside David Miller.

Against Netherlands, Markram 0 (3) never got going as early wickets of de Kock and Hendricks, chasing 103, put that boa-constricting pressure on the delicate middle order. Klaasen had run 4 off 6, but at the first hint of going for the big shot, he mangled a pull to hole out at deep square leg. Miller though has finally emerged as the man who can strike the balance between pressure & pyrotechnics in these fraught situations, and took them safely home against Dutch, with 59 off 51.

18:44 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: A pattern of dismissals

With the asking rate escalating, Klaasen had clearly premeditated to go after Harshit Rana in the 15th over, and like several Klaasen rushes-of-blood, this too erupted on the very first ball of the pacer’s second spell. Bowling full and outside off, Rana duped Klaasen into thinking he could soar it over the bowler’s head. KKR skipper Shreyas Iyer had placed midoff inside the circle, leaving an inviting pasture. Rana managed to tug the ball in, and Klaasen dragged it onto the stumps.

The Klaasen cannonball behind the bowler’s head is a shot of magnificence. But pre-deciding it, as soon as mid-off is reeled in, makes South Africa’s broad-sword the big fish unfailingly hooked as bait by opposition. His big shots don’t always sync with what the bowler hurls, and plans come undone.

18:40 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: A pattern of dismissals

Markram and Klaasen were stellar through the IPL for Sunrisers Hyderabad. Except in two games, against RCB and finals against KKR, when they got leashed in. The same patterns continue for South Africa halfway across the world.

Chasing RCB’s 206, Sunrisers had just lost Abhishek Sharma when the captain Markram too fell. Klaasen had smacked the tweaker Swapnil Singh over mid-wicket off his second delivery, before the bowler tossed the next one but pulled back the length a tad short. The big-hitter went for the same shot, but couldn’t reach it, mistiming his predetermined shot to mid-on. And RCB won by 35 runs.

In the finals against KKR once more, the top order’s failure at 21/3 meant Markram and Klaasen had to navigate that tricky rebuilding phase. It’s when Klassen doesn’t have the liberty of a launchpad to go bonkers and when Markram is caught in a proper pickled quandary – Does he drop anchor or go for broke, hoping Messrs Stubbs, Klaasen & Miller will push the pedal. Andre Russell hurried Markram with a short one, and the South African’s committed pull reached only as far as the long on fielder. Once more, Markram had pulled on the heavy veil of strikerate pressure, and fallen to impatience.

18:35 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Best plan to derail South Africa: take out the openers, watch the middle-order marauders Klaasen, Markram, Miller wobble

Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen and David Miller come loaded with a marauders’ reputation for the South African middle order. But the hype doesn’t always translate to hope.

They severely depend on one of the openers to click in tall chases. Else, the mounting strike-rate pressure triggers indecisiveness and impatience in the middle order of Markram, Klaasen and Miller. After trying to straddle anchor/attack duties for a brief while, they then tend to pre-meditate their big shots a touch frantically in trying to accelerate, which further upsets the apple cart. England who neatly strangled the West Indian torso of Nicholas Pooran and Andre Russell, are bound to exploit this brittleness, even if Saffers don’t get drawn into one of their chase-botching ways and bat first.

18:29 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: A brief look at ENG's chase against WI

For West Indies to stay in the game, they needed left-arm spinner Akeal Hosein to strike early in the powerplay. But Salt and Buttler thwarted those hopes to give the start that England needed. Even though the England captain struggled for fluency, the in-form Salt led their charge as they put on a 67-run stand for the first wicket. Though Moeen departed for 10, Jonny Bairstow provided the much needed muscle at No 4. When Bairstow walked in the 11th over, England were still 97 runs away. But Salt and Bairstow hit the fifth gear immediately to put pressure on the Windies attack as they knocked off the remaining runs in the next 44 deliveries.

18:24 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Kagiso Rabada declines to discuss South Africa's unhappy record in tournaments.

"There's no point thinking about it. If you don't have the belief you might as well pack your bags and go home. Whatever happens happens, but the belief is there."

18:19 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Phil Salt suggests England are cleared for take-off after their win over West Indies on Wednesday

"It's been a really topsy-turvy start. It didn't really feel like we played much cricket up to this point. But, in tournament cricket, you need a bit of confidence and momentum at the right time and you need it to keep building. So to get a win against the hosts gives us the first push in that direction."

18:15 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: SA predicted XI

Quinton de Kock (wk), Reeza Hendricks, Aiden Markram (c), Tristan Stubbs, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Ottneil Baartman

18:09 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: ENG predicted XI

Phil Salt, Jos Buttler (c&wk), Moeen Ali, Jonny Bairstow, Harry Brook, Liam Livingstone, Sam Curran, Jofra Archer, Adil Rashid, Mark Wood, Reece Topley

18:05 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: England choke West Indies

England’s smart bowling line-up, the standout bowlers being the spinners Adil Rashid and Moeen Ali and tearway quick Jofra Archer, quelled the threat of the one-dimensional big-hits approach of the West Indians.

England lost just two wickets with Phil Salt providing the pyrotechnics up with order with 87 off 47 and Johnny Bairstow at No.4 switching on the turbocharger, his unbeaten 48 came at a strike rate of nearly 185.

Adil Rashid and Moeen Ali put a choke on the run flow in the middle-overs and Jofra Archer made life difficult with raw pace, wider ones and short balls. His fellow pacer, Mark Wood was quick too making it hard for West Indian batsmen to connect cleanly by just clearing their front leg, using their arms and swing.

17:59 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Untold story of England's win over West Indies

The scorecard will not tell the real story of England’s eight-wicket win over the West Indies. Or rather, how West Indies’ power-packed batting unit faltered while getting to 180/4 when they should have posted a 200-plus target.

Then England cantered to a win in 17.3 overs to expose the Achilles heel of the host nation – their bowling.

On this day, the West Indian batsmen paid the price for not having Plan B.

Fifty-one dot balls were wasted, and though West Indies scored 180 off just 69, at the end of the game captain Rovman Powell admitted: “You have to look at it from a batting perspective. We left 15-20 runs”. Powell was also unhappy with the team’s death bowling.

17:48 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: South Africans show their power on batting friendly wicket

Encountering a batsmen-friendly pitch for the first time in the tournament, South Africa showed glimpses of what their power-packed batting order could do. It wasn’t all easy for South Africa though.

Before Gous, their two other imports from India — left-arm seamer Saurabh Netravalkar and left-arm spinner Harmeet Singh – made it challenging with the ball as well. In their combined quota of eight overs, they conceded only 45 runs and picked up four wickets. But the rest of the US attack failed to complement the duo as South Africa were able to get away everytime they appeared to fall behind. Coming up against the left-right duo of De Kock and Markram after the fall of Reeza Hendricks in the third over, the US attack struggled to alter their lines. It meant, De Kock did majority of his scoring on the leg side with all his five sixes coming between deep square-leg and mid-wicket.

17:38 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Batting stepped and bowling looked scratchy vs USA

On a day when South Africa’s batting unit showed their might, their bowlers were not up to scratch. After a tight win over Bangladesh and surviving a scare against Nepal – who lost by one run – US nearly pulled off a shocking win. England and the West Indies would be a stern test for South Africa unless they pull up their socks on the bowling front.

Their issues with the ball aside, it was a day on which South Africa’s batsmen fired. Quinton de Kock (74, 40b), who struggled in the US-leg, found form, and so did captain Aiden Markram (46, 32b).

17:28 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: A win to start for South Africa in Super Eight

Placed in the Group of Death, South Africa began the Super 8 stage of the T20 World Cup with an 18-run win as the United States of America stretched them to the limit on Wednesday. Chasing 195 for a win at North Sound (Antigua), inspired by South Africa-born Andries Gous unbeaten 80 off 47 balls, the US were in the game till the 18th over before fast bowler Kagiso Rabada bowled a game-changing 19th over, where he conceded just two runs and took the wicket of Harmeet Singh. The US never recovered from it as the relief in South Africa’s camp in the end said a story in itself.

17:17 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: South Africa woes against pace

South Africa’s batters have been susceptible to the seamers, posting the worst average (24.13) and run rate (6.25 rpo) among all the Super 8 teams. Meanwhile, England top the charts on run rates (11.25) against pace and hold a healthy 30-plus average against seam on the Caribbean strips.

17:09 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: England regain form

After a patchy start, England regained steam after trouncing West Indies in the first Super 8 game. Even as the batters cantered in an 181-run chase, it was the English bowlers that made a difference, bowling 51 dot balls off which 36 (six overs) were delivered by the seamers.

The seam quartet of Reece Topley, Jofra Archer, Mark Wood and Sam Curran enforce a stern test for South Africa, whose batters have struggled to counter the fast bowlers in the tournament. Their counterparts, led by Anrich Nortje, Kagiso Rabada and Marco Jansen, have been mercurial, illustrated best by their slender win over the United States.

17:00 (IST)
21 JUN 2024
England vs South Africa Live Score, T20 World Cup: Hola!

Hello and welcome to our live blog of England taking on South Africa in match 45 of the T20 World Cup in Antigua. Both teams are coming on the back of wins and a win today for either side will further enhance their chances to qualify for the tournament's semifinals. It is a blockbuster weekend clash folks stay with us for all the live updates and some love articles our writers have written.

Best plan to derail South Africa: take out the openers, watch the middle-order marauders Klaasen, Markram, Miller wobble

Aiden Markram, Heinrich Klaasen and David Miller come loaded with a marauders’ reputation for the South African middle order. But the hype doesn’t always translate to hope.

They severely depend on one of the openers to click in tall chases. Else, the mounting strike-rate pressure triggers indecisiveness and impatience in the middle order of Markram, Klaasen and Miller. After trying to straddle anchor/attack duties for a brief while, they then tend to pre-meditate their big shots a touch frantically in trying to accelerate, which further upsets the apple cart. England who neatly strangled the West Indian torso of Nicholas Pooran and Andre Russell, are bound to exploit this brittleness, even if Saffers don’t get drawn into one of their chase-botching ways and bat first. READ MORE

The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
© IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd
First uploaded on: 21-06-2024 at 16:54 IST
TAGS:
Aiden Markram
England Cricket Board
Jos Buttler
Live Score
South Africa Cricket Team
T20 World Cup 2024
Latest Comment
TOP CATEGORIES
Explained News
Political Pulse
Latest Opinion
Mumbai News
Delhi News
Pune News
Bangalore News
Bollywood News
Health News
India News
Sports News
Lifestyle News
Latest News
Cricket
Tech Reviews
Gadgets
Mobile & Tabs
Food & Wine
Elections 2024
Fitness
TRENDING NEWS
IND Vs AUS 5th Test
Happy New Year 2025
Happy New Year 2025 Wishes
New Year Wishes
IND Vs AUS Test
Jio Prepaid Recharge Plans
Airtel Prepaid Recharge Plans
Baby Boy Names 2025
GT Team 2025 Players List
Live Cricket Score
Screen Videos
Stock Market
International Videos
Indian Express Live TV
LATEST STORIES
CM Soren Pays Tributes To Kharsawan Tribal Martyrs: What Was The Massacre Likened To ‘Jallianwala Bagh’
UPSC Key: Russia’s Oldest Gas Route To Europe, Nati Binodini And Gas Pricing In India
OpenAI Misses Deadline For Tool Allowing Creators To Opt-Out Of AI Training: Report
All Infra Projects In Maharashtra To Have Unique ID: CM Devendra Fadnavis
University Of Hyderabad Invites Application For MBA Admission, CAT Mandatory
Life In A Foreign University | From Jadavpur University, To TISS And MBA From Portugal
‘I Am Not As Fit As I Used To Be,’ Admits MS Dhoni; Shares What He Does To Stay Healthy And Active
India’s Largest And Most Profitable Companies By Revenue In 2024
Premier League: Mid-Season Manager Changes In The Tournament So Far
Telangana Open School SSC, Inter Exams 2025: TOSS April Exam Fee Submission Dates Announced
New Textbooks In Bangladesh To Alter Credit Of Declaration Of Independence: Report
In Gujarat, Row Over Woman Accused Of Forging Letter Against BJP MLA Sees Patidar Leaders Across Parties Unite
Himanta Promised Assam To Be In Top 5 Developed States, Instead Himself Becomes One Of The Richest CMs, Says Congress Leader Gaurav Gogoi
Karnataka Contractor Suicide Case: BJP Will Be Left ‘Red-Faced’ When Documents Emerge, Says Priyank Kharge
IND Vs AUS 5th Test Predicted Playing 11: With Rohit Sharma’s Place In The XI Hanging By A Thread, Here Is A Look At The Predicted XI For The SCG Test
‘Aapka Mukhlis Manmohan Singh’: In Letters To Pakistan, When Former PM Spoke Of Love For Ancestral Village, Childhood Memories
FOLLOW US
DOWNLOAD APPS
The Indian Express website has been rated GREEN for its credibility and trustworthiness by Newsguard, a global service that rates news sources for their journalistic standards.
EXPRESS GROUP
The Indian Express
ieTamil.com
The Financial Express
ieBangla.com
Loksatta
ieMalayalam.com
Jansatta
ieGujarati.com
inUth
IE Education
The ExpressGroup
Newsletters
26/11 Stories of Strength
Ramnath Goenka Excellence in Journalism Awards
Light House Journalism
Careers
QUICK LINKS
T&C
Privacy Policy
Advertise with Us
Brand Solutions
Contact Us
Subscribe
Statutory provisions on reporting (sexual offenses)
This website follows the DNPA’s code of conduct
CSR
Copyright © 2025 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://indianexpress.com/article/sports/cricket/england-vs-south-africa-live-score-t20-world-cup-2024-match-45-today-eng-vs-sa-latest-scorecard-updates-9406224/ 
 ----- 
