Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
New Orleans attack
Cybertruck explosion
Rose Bowl
Montenegro shooting
Sugar Bowl
SPORTS
South Africa unbeaten at T20 World Cup after win over England, West Indies defeats US by 9 wickets.
1 of 14 |  

Players greet each other at the end of the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

2 of 14 |  

West Indies’ Shai Hope hits a six during the men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between the USA and the West Indies at Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)

3 of 14 |  

England’s Harry Brook plays a shot during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

4 of 14 |  

West Indies’ Alzarri Joseph reacts after an appeal for caught behind during the men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between the USA and the West Indies at Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)

5 of 14 |  

South Africa players celebrate the dismissal of England’s Liam Livingstone during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
6 of 14 |  

England’s Liam Livingstone plays a shot during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

7 of 14 |  

South Africa’s Keshav Maharaj, right, hugs captain Aiden Markram to celebrate the dismissal of England’s captain Jos Buttler during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
8 of 14 |  

United States’ bowler Harmeet Singh reacts during the men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between the USA and the West Indies at Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)

9 of 14 |  

England’s captain Jos Buttler plays a shot during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

10 of 14 |  

West Indies’ Roston Chase, right, is congratulated by teammate Rovman Powell after dismissing United States’ Aaron Jones during the men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between the USA and the West Indies at Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)

Read More
11 of 14 |  

South Africa’s David Miller plays a shot during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

12 of 14 |  

South Africa’s Quinton de Kock, right, celebrates with batting partner Reeza Hendricks after scoring fifty runs during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
13 of 14 |  

England’s Moeen Ali, center, celebrates with captain Jos Buttler after the dismissal of South Africa’s Reeza Hendricks, left, during the ICC Men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between England and South Africa at Darren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in Gros Islet, Saint Lucia, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ramon Espinosa)

Read More
14 of 14 |  

West Indies’ Alzarri Joseph waits near the boundary during the men’s T20 World Cup cricket match between the USA and the West Indies at Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados, Friday, June 21, 2024. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan)

Updated 4:01 AM UTC, June 22, 2024
Share

GROS ISLET, St. Lucia (AP) — Undefeated South Africa pulled off a seven-run win over defending champion England in the Super Eight playoffs at the Twenty20 World Cup on Friday.

Harry Brook, who made 53, and Liam Livingstone, with 33 off 17 balls, had the chase in control for England with 25 needed off 18 balls until fast bowlers Kagiso Rabada and Anrich Nortje dismissed them in the last three overs.

Later, Shai Hope hit 82 from 39 balls as the West Indies beat the United States by nine wickets in a match between co-hosts. Hope struck eight sixes as the West Indies ran down their winning target of 129 with more than nine overs to spare.

England was restricted to 156-6 in reply to South Africa’s 163-6.

“Getting to those last three overs, the odds looked heavily against you,” South Africa captain Aiden Markram said. “But the bowlers came back, it shows a lot of skill and shows the fight inside.”

Quinton de Kock finished with 65 as he smacked the tournament’s joint-fastest half-century off 22 balls, and David Miller provided the impetus in the latter half of South Africa’s innings with 43 off 28.

RELATED STORIES
Stokes to miss Champions League but Root back in England squad
Saim hundred and Salman's all-round effort lead Pakistan to ODI win over South Africa
South Africa poised to beat Sri Lanka in 1st test after tons by Stubbs and Bavuma

South Africa’s win streak was extended to six games and it is a firm favorite for the semifinals after two wins in two matches in its group.

England suffered its first loss in the Super Eight after it beat the West Indies by eight wickets at the same venue.

Earlier, de Kock dominated South Africa’s powerplay and had them motoring along at 63-0 before England pulled them back through spinners Adil Rashid (1-20) and Moeen Ali (1-25).

De Kock put fast bowler Jofra Archer on the mat early with two successive sixes in a 21-run over. De Kock was given a life on 58 when video replays suggested Mark Wood’s fingers were not underneath the catch. The decision left England players fuming.

Hope the new star as West Indies beat the U.S.

At Bridgetown, Barbados, West Indies fans partied under the Friday night lights as new team addition Shai Hope launched a spectacular display of power-hitting to put the West Indies’ campaign back on track with its nine-wicket win over the U.S.

He finished the chase with a six from the fifth ball of the 11th over. Along with his eight sixes, he hit four fours.

After a loss to England in their first Super Eight match, the West Indies had to win to stay in semifinal contention. The United States surprised the cricket world by beating powerhouse Pakistan on the way to the Super Eight playoffs but after losses to South Africa and the West Indies in the playoff stage now cannot reach the final four.

Roston Chase took a career-best 3-19 and Andre Russell 3-31 as the West Indies limited the United States to 128 in 19.5 overs after winning the toss.

“This is my favorite place to play cricket,” Chase said. “I’m from Barbados so I grew up playing a lot of cricket here. It’s our destiny and our goal to go out there and win this World Cup.”

Hope was added to the West Indies’ lineup for Friday’s match as an injury replacement for Brandon King who was ruled out with a side strain.

The United States began well and despite the loss of Steven Taylor in the second over, reached a healthy 48-1 after the six-over power play. But from then on regular wicket falls prevented them gaining momentum.

Chase, especially, put brakes on the scoring. He bowled captain Aaron Jones for 11 in the 10th over, then removed Corey Anderson and Harmeet Singh with consecutive balls in the 14th over.

Hope powered the West Indies run chase, hitting 42 from 23 balls in the power play after which the West Indies were 58 without loss.

“A tough night for the boys,” Jones said. “Against the West Indies we needed a target of 175 or 180 and obviously we didn’t get that.”

___

AP cricket: https://apnews.com/hub/cricket

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michigan couple die days apart after separate accidents betwe en Christmas and New Year's Day
Put 2025 In Its Pla...
YETI
:
Advertisement
Woman owed man $400 for SUV when she and her baby were killed in Connecticut,...
An aspiring nurse, a football star, a single mother and a father of 2 killed in New Orlea...
NYC jail staff blocked medics from treating 23-year-old woman who died weeks later
Prosecutor's review finds new suspects in 1996 double killing...
A suburban New York prosecutor says a reinvestigation has identified two suspec...
AP News
Montenegro mourns after gunman kills at least 12 people...
Shock and dismay prevails in Montenegro after a gunman fatally shot 12 people incl...
AP News
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Oregon That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Oreg on (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Cinnamon: The greate st enemy of blood sugar (see how to us...
Better Health News
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Walk-in Bathtubs May Be the Newest Trend in Modern Bathroom...
Newest Walk-In Tub
Advertisement:
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As...
Eliminate Glare and Reduce Eye Fatigue.
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
Find out how LifeMD can improve your sleep. Easy prescription solutions that he...
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Americans can once again order 4 free at-h ome tests
Test Kits
Advertisement:
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
Plus-Size Folks Are Relieving Chronic Knee Pain Using This
RejuvaKnee | Knee-Pain Relief
Advertisement:
Man who kidnapped California woman in what was initially...
Prosecutors say a man who kidnapped and sexually assaulted a Northern California...
AP News
The killing of an 18-year-old Ohio woman was solved with...
The cold case of Debra Lee Miller was reopened in 2021 to account for advance...
AP News
How to Qualify for the Medicare Grocery Benefit (Take a Look)
Grocery Benefit Allowance
Advertisement:
Two Tier Swim Spa Keeps Selling Out...
Luxury Swim Spa
Advertisement:
Why This New Blood Sugar Smartwatch is Sweeping The Orego...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Senator's son sentenced to 28 years for killing a North Dakota...
A North Dakota judge sentenced Ian Cramer, the son of U.S. Sen. Kevin Crame...
AP News
Arizona official who delayed county’s 2022 election certific...
An appeals court rejected an Arizona offici al’s argument that felony charges against...
AP News
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Warning Signs Of Atop ic Dermatitis In Older Adults
nation.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Itchy skin: A silent Symptom of AD (Must Know)
Atopic Dermatitis:Advertisement
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Search Now
Signs of Schizophrenia - Take a Look at Them (Some May Surprise You)
WallStreet Viral:Advertisement
Search Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/t20-world-cup-england-south-africa-west-indies-united-states-a00dc28de2f6c97f4b0face5f331acad 
 ----- 
