SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
First humans out of Africa stopped at Persian Plateau on way to Eurasia, study suggests
By science reporter Jacinta Bowler

ABC Science

Topic:
Science and Technology

Mon 25 Mar
Monday 25 March

The first humans to leave Africa may have called the Persian Plateau in Iran home. (Supplied: Mohammad Javad Shoaee)

abc.net.au/news/out-of-africa-human-migration-persian-plateau/103614458
Link copied
Share article
In short: 
Researchers have used genetic evidence to pinpoint where ancient humans went after leaving Africa. They suggest the 'Persian Plateau' — an area including modern day Iran. 
What's next?
The researchers hope they can find archaeological evidence to confirm their findings. 

Around 70,000 years ago, our species Homo sapiens walked out of Africa and began to find new homes around the world.

What happened next? Well, hidden clues can be found in our genes, according to a new study. 

By looking at ancient and modern DNA, a new study published in Nature Communications has pinpointed an area surrounding modern day Iran as an important "hub" for humans who departed Africa tens of thousands of years ago.

"A team of geneticists, environmental scientists and archaeologists got together to look at a very big question in human evolution," said Michael Petraglia, an archaeologist from Griffith University and one of the authors of the paper.

"We looked at the timing of the movement of Homo sapiens out of Africa and concluded that Iran and the Persian Plateau played a very big role in that."

What is 'Out of Africa'? 

Retracing the steps of humans that long ago isn't easy, but scientists' best guess is the "Out of Africa" model.

This theory suggests human expansion across the world started around 70,000 years ago, when people in Africa spread outwards towards Europe, Asia, Australia, and the Americas.

This may have happened a few other times over the past 200,000 years, but each time the groups either perished, or eventually moved back.

Evidence of stone tools has been found in Pebdeh Cave in the southern Zagros Mountains on the Persian Plateau.  (Supplied: Mohammad Javad Shoaee)

But once ancient humans started their final journey out of Africa, their movements into the Middle East were difficult to decipher.

The groups would eventually migrate across all of Europe and Asia — or Eurasia — but not for another 15,000 to 25,000 years.

"Eurasia was highly populated after 45,000 years ago. But there was a question as to where populations were before 45,000 years ago, and that's what this paper is about," Professor Petraglia said.

It was unknown where the group — known in the paper as the "hub population" — had paused for all those thousands of years and without archaeological evidence, diving into DNA was required.

How genetics play a role

To uncover the location of this migration pause the researchers turned to two sets of ancient human remains.

The first was 40,000-year-old bone fragments from a site near Beijing in China called Tianyuan, and the second was 38,000-year-old remains from Western Russia called Kostenki.  

The DNA from these was used as references for the two separate populations that moved out of the hub and into the east and west of Eurasia after the pause. 

"Tianyuan is a representative of the East Eurasian core ancestry, and Kostenki is the representative of the West Eurasian core ancestry," said Yassine Souilmi, a University of Adelaide ancient genomics expert, who was not an author on the paper. 

At the base of the ancient family tree was the hub population.   

"What they're looking for are those populations that are sitting in the root of that tree," Dr Souilmi said.

By working out which genes the two groups shared, they could then analyse those genes with DNA from another 1,500 ancient and modern groups around Eurasia to map where the hub would have been located.  

Further refining was done through climate modelling. 

"They looked at that entire area, and tried to determine, based on previous climatic conditions and environmental conditions, what are the areas most likely to sustain the hub population during that time period," Dr Souilmi said.

They pinpointed the hub as an area known as the Persian Plateau in modern day Iran.

Geopolitics limit next steps 

A study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Science last year from Dr Souilmi's team backs this up. It also looked at where the hub could be, suggesting a location in Arabia. 

"We got very similar results using completely different genetic signatures and toolkits," Dr Souilmi said. 

Unfortunately, while these studies are thorough, they're still circumstantial.

To confirm the results, the researchers need to find ancient human remains in the area — which is much easier said than done. 

Researchers working on Pebdeh Cave in Iran in 2019 during a rare expedition. (Supplied: Mohammad Javad Shoaee)

"It's very difficult to work there. There's very little cooperation going on between Iranian scientists and others, especially in the West," Professor Petraglia said.

"There's very little work being done there because of geopolitics."

But there are some solutions on the way.

Professor Petraglia currently has an Iranian PhD student who is undertaking excavations in the area and while Iran is particularly difficult for Western researchers to access, parts of the Persian Plateau extend outside of Iran's borders, so researchers may be able to find remains in other areas. 

"I hope this paper will help stimulate further investigations in the region," Professor Petraglia said.

"There's a lot of work yet to do."

Science in your inbox
Get all the latest science stories from across the ABC.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Mon 25 Mar 2024 at 6:30pm
Monday 25 Mar 2024 at 6:30pm
, updated Tue 2 Apr 2024 at 11:33pm
Tuesday 2 Apr 2024 at 11:33pm
Related stories

Topic:
Anthropology and Sociology

A vault in Germany with a single key — and the curator who fell in love with the jawbone inside
Photo shows Dr Kristina Eck crouched down and smiling with the jawbone just in front of her jaw

Topic:
Evolution

The first humans emerged long before our own species. So, who were they?
Photo shows A man holding a skull

Topic:
Science and Technology

Nearly 3 million years ago, a butcher hacked up a hippo with a crafted stone tool. They may not have been human
Photo shows Ancient stone flake next to ruler
Related topics

Anthropology and Sociology

Archaeology

DNA

Evolution

Genetics

Iran, Islamic Republic Of

Iraq

Kuwait

Oman

Science and Technology

Top Stories
Australia wins MCG thriller after flurry of wickets in final session of Test

Topic:
Cricket

Photo shows Australia celebrates winning the MCG Test
Charges laid in 'organised crime' Sydney shooting death, police say

Topic:
Crime

Calls for ACCC inquiry over 'artificially inflated' petrol prices

Topic:
Petrol Prices

Driver caught 41 times by SA mobile phone detection cameras, fined $27,000

Topic:
Police

Drivers using phones and passengers holding babies targeted by new WA cameras

Topic:
Road Accidents and Incidents

Just In
Bangkok hotel fire kills three foreigners, authorities say

Topic:
Fires

1m ago
1 minutes ago
Australia battles to victory in MCG epic, controversial and captivating to the last

Analysis by Dean Bilton

11m ago
11 minutes ago
Former top umpire says controversial Jaiswal dismissal was correct

Topic:
Cricket

18m ago
18 minutes ago
Pilot killed in Yamba plane crash remembered as 'dedicated' family man

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

44m ago
44 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/science/2024-03-26/out-of-africa-human-migration-persian-plateau/103614458 
 ----- 
