LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
ELECTIONS
LOK SABHA ELECTIONS
As congratulations pour in, Modi invites Sri Lankan President to swearing-in
U.S. President Joe Biden, Russian President Vladimir Putin and a host of world leaders congratulate the PM and the NDA for their performance in the Lok Sabha election

Updated - June 06, 2024 12:29 pm IST - NEW DELHI

SUHASINI HAIDAR
1
READ LATER
PRINT

Prime Minister Narendra Modi invited Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickremesinghe to his swearing-in due to be held this weekend, which he has accepted, the Sri Lankan Presidential Media Division said in a statement.  | Photo Credit: Sushil Kumar Verma

U.S. President Joseph Biden and his Russian counterpart Vladimir Putin joined leaders of more than 50 countries in congratulating Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) that won the highest number of seats in the Lok Sabha election.

During a telephone call, Mr. Modi also invited Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickremesinghe to his swearing-in due to be held this weekend, which he has accepted, the Sri Lankan Presidential Media Division said in a statement.

All eyes are now on which other leaders the government would invite to the ceremony as Mr. Modi did in 2014 and 2019, when he invited SAARC leaders and BIMSTEC leaders, respectively. As a member of both groupings, Sri Lanka’s leaders were invited on both occasions.

 Election Results 2024: Italian PM Meloni, other world leaders congratulate PM Modi on third term

Officials did not rule out invitations to other regional countries, including the Gulf countries such as the UAE and Saudi Arabia, and Central Asian countries.  The officials explained that much will depend on their ability to fly to India at short notice once the swearing-in details are finalised. However, hotels in Delhi had already been primed by security agencies last month to expect incoming high-level visitors.

Among countries whose leaders extended their greetings on Wednesday were Israel, Singapore, the U.K., France, Italy, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark, Norway, Spain, the Czech Republic, and Ukraine. Leaders of regional countries such as Iran, Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar, Singapore, Seychelles, and the UAE also joined in, while the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) conveyed its wishes at a briefing. 

Also read | NSA Sullivan to visit New Delhi to engage new govt on shared India-U.S. priorities: White House

“Congratulations to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the National Democratic Alliance on their victory, and the nearly 650 million voters in this historic election,” Mr. Biden said, adding that the India-U.S. relationship had “unlimited potential”.

The U.S. government, in addition to congratulating Mr Modi and the NDA, also congratulated journalists, civil society workers and others for the contributions to democracy.

“We commend Indian voters, poll workers, civil society, and journalists for their commitment and vital contributions to India’s democratic processes and institutions,” the State Department’s spokesperson Matthew Miller said.

 The rise and journey of Narendra Modi: Timeline

Mr. Putin was the first international leader to speak to Mr. Modi on the telephone. “The Russian President warmly congratulated Narendra Modi on the success of the Bharatiya Janata Party in the recently concluded general parliamentary elections,” the Kremlin said in a statement on Wednesday.

In a message echoing the Chinese MFA, Chinese Ambassador Xu Feihong wrote, “Look forward to making joint efforts with the Indian side for a sound and stable China-India relationship, which is in line with the interests and expectations of both countries, the region and the world.”

President of the United Arab Emirates Mohammed Bin Zayed greeted PM Modi expressing interest in advancing “deeply rooted strategic partnership”.

Mr. Modi is expected to travel to Italy for the G-7 outreach on June 13 and 14, where he will meet Mr. Biden, and other G7 leaders, as well as to Kazakhstan on July 3-4 for the SCO summit, where the Presidents of Russia, China, and Central Asian countries and the Prime Minister of Pakistan, Shehbaz Sharif, are expected to be present. Meanwhile, a number of South Asian leaders, including from Bangladesh, Bhutan, and possibly Sri Lanka, are expected to visit India in the next few weeks. 

Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, who has been urging Mr. Modi to travel to Switzerland next week for a Peace Summit right after the G-7, said, “Everyone in the world recognises the significance and weight of India’s role in global affairs… In this regard, we also look forward to seeing India attend the Peace Summit.”

India has not yet confirmed its level of participation at the conference, where Russia has not been invited, and Mr. Modi sidestepped Mr. Zelenskyy’s invitation, only saying in response that “India will continue to support peace, security and prosperity for everyone in the region.”

On Tuesday, in an unconventional move, even before the counting of votes had ended, Bhutan Prime Minister Tshering Tobgay, Sri Lankan President Ranil Wickremesinghe, Nepal Prime Minister Pushpa Kamal Dahal (Prachanda), and Mauritius Prime Minister Pravind Jugnauth had sent greetings over social media platform X.

On Wednesday, as the results were finalised and NDA constituents met, Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina and Maldives President Mohamed Muizzu issued statements greeting Mr. Modi on securing enough support for the third consecutive term. Pakistan Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif, who is on a visit to China, has yet to convey his greetings.

“I look forward to working together to advance our shared interests in pursuit of shared prosperity and stability for our two countries,” said Mr. Muizzu, whose statement was significant given the tensions between India and the Maldives this year on the withdrawal of Indian troops from the Maldives’ southern atolls at the insistence of the Maldivian President.

 (With inputs from Meera Srinivasan in Colombo)

Published - June 05, 2024 10:35 pm IST

 READ COMMENTS 1
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

Prime Minister Narendra Modi / Sri Lanka

Most Popular
Frequent GPS interference, including ‘spoofing’, near India’s border with Pakistan, Myanmar
Why will India’s foreign policy be a tightrope walk?: Explained
Rajasthan BJP govt. dissolves nine districts formed under Congress regime
Trump’s AI advisor Sriram Krishnan’s appointment reignites immigration debate
Elon Musk vows to ‘go to war’ to defend H-1B visa programme; Trump sides with him
Uma Thomas, MLA, sustains serious injuries in fall at stadium in Kochi
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Actor Allu Arjun appears for quizzing 
Kharge, Rahul’s dissent at NHRC selection 
BJP’s outreach to Christian community 
Shyam Benegal passes away at 90 
The Hindu advent calendar 2024 
Hindu 2024 flashback 
News 
Live news 
BJP news 
Congress news 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/elections/lok-sabha/as-congratulations-pour-in-modi-invites-sri-lankan-president-to-swearing-in/article68255977.ece 
 ----- 
