NBA
Oklahoma City Thunder
Thunder's Shai Gilgeous-Alexander dishes on Jalen Williams’ continued growth

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander talks about Jalen Williams' growth with the Thunder.

By 

Josue Pavon

Nov 16, 2024 at 10:40 AM ET

The Oklahoma City Thunder beat the Phoenix Suns 99-83 in their first NBA Cup matchup. Before facing the Suns, Thunder forward Jalen Williams was excited for Friday’s game at the Paycom Center and didn’t disappoint in nearly finishing with a double-double (14 points, eight rebounds) to go with a pair of blocks and steals. After the win, Shai Gilgeous-Alexander talked about Williams’ impact and continuous growth as a player.

“He really affects the game. He does so many things well. To sum it all up, when he’s out there, good things happen on both ends of the floor. Me and him were just talking about it; it feels like he still doesn’t even calculate the game; he just goes out there and plays basketball. His instincts take over. He affects the game on both ends of the floor at a very high level. His growth has been amazing. He still has room to grow, which is exciting. But, tremendous player for sure.”

Gilgeous-Alexander finished with a game-high 28 points, six rebounds, four assists, and one block. Lu Dort added 15 points, nine rebounds, two assists, and one block, while Josh Okogie led the Suns with 15 points, and Devin Booker struggled. He finished with 12 points on 2-for-10 shooting, while Kevin Durant and Bradley Beal were inactive.

The reason Thunder’s Jalen Williams was eager for Suns matchup
Alonzo Adams-Imagn Images
Related Oklahoma City Thunder News
Article continues below
Cavs make embarrassing Jalen Williams mistake in pregame intros
2h
Thunder’s Mark Daigneault gets 100% real about Cavs’ Jarrett Allen
12h
Thunder HC Mark Daigneault pinpoints major issue behind loss to Cavaliers
15h
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
15h

Thunder forward Jalen Williams was excited about the Suns’ matchup in the NBA Cup, Oklahoma City’s first of the regular season. Williams says the environment is reminiscent of the postseason and knew the Thunder’s faithful fans at the Paycom Center wouldn’t disappoint on Friday.

“I’m really looking forward to it. I haven’t even seen the court,” Williams said. “I think I saw a leak. So, I don’t know if that’s the actual one. So, I’m excited to get out there. I feel like it has a very playoff vibe to it, but not like the playoffs. So, it should be pretty cool. Our fans usually show out for it.”

Williams, coming off a season-high 31-point performance in the Thunder’s 106-88 win over the Pelicans, delivered on both ends of the floor alongside Shai Gilgeous-Alexander against the Suns. Since losing Chet Holmgren to a pelvic fracture, Williams has been the team’s starting center, which included defending Suns’ Jusuf Nurkic, who finished with four points, 0-for-7 from the floor, including 0-for-3 from deep, and 4-of-8 from the free-throw line.

Williams and the Thunder spent the night disrupting the Suns’ frontcourt in the 16-point victory.

Josue Pavon is an Associate Editor and the Oklahoma City Thunder beat writer for ClutchPoints. Josue got his start as a credentialed media member writing about the Boston Celtics for WEEI.com. He grew into a local on-camera NBA reporter and podcast host for CLNS Media, where he is the co-host of the Cedric Maxwell podcast.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Thunder make two quick moves after humbling Celtics
3 days ago
Thunder guard Lu Dort’s honest admission on guarding Jaylen Brown
2 days ago
Thunder’s Chet Holmgen takes major step forward with injury rehab
20 hours ago
Celtics’ Jaylen Brown gets 100% real about Thunder after rare loss
2 days ago
Thunder vs. Cavaliers prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
1 day ago
Celtics’ Kristaps Porzingis makes ‘stupid’ admission after Thunder loss
3 days ago
NBA fans explode with reactions after Cavs end Thunder’s 15-game win streak
14 hours ago
Thunder’s Mark Daigneault gets 100% real about Cavs’ Jarrett Allen
11 hours ago
Derek Fisher gets real on regrets with Kevin Durant, Russell Westbrook’s Thunder
2 days ago
Thunder’s Shai Gilgeous-Alexander seemingly throws shade at Jaylen Brown
1 day ago
Thunder star Shai Gilgeous-Alexander’s blunt take on NBA status after Celtics takedown
3 days ago
NBA Power Rankings Week 11: Thunder controlling title pursuit amid historic win streak
3 days ago
Jalen Williams
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/thunder-news-shai-gilgeous-alexander-dishes-jalen-williams-continued-growth 
 ----- 
