Skip to main content
Bright Side Of The Sun homepage
a Phoenix Suns community
Follow Bright Side Of The Sun online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Bright Side Of The Sun main menu
SUNS SALARIES
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

SUNS ANALYSIS
Bright Side Baller: Shootin’ blanks in the 405

The Suns had a historically bad night in Oklahoma City.

By John Voita@DarthVoita  Nov 16, 2024, 11:00am MST  3 Comments / 3 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
John Voita is the Managing Editor of Bright Side of the Sun, co-host of the Suns JAM Session Podcast, and has been a credentialed member of the Phoenix media since 2023.

Phoenix Suns. Oklahoma City Thunder. Would you believe I missed this one? Yeah, tickets were purchased this past summer to go see Mariah Carey sign Christmas music at the Footprint Center. As luck would have it, the concert was last night curing one of the great early-season games for the Suns. And during the Mike Tyson/Jake Paul fight. Happy wife, happy life, as they say...

...but I still tuned in.

Thanks to Suns Live, I had the game on until the third quarter. Because a concert that starts at 7:30pm doesn’t really begin until about 8:15pm. And what did I see, albeit on mute? The worst shooting performance by any team this season. That’s right. No team has shot under 30% this season. The Suns? They said “Hold my beer” and shot 29.4%.

So how do you give away a Bright Side Baller for this one? Do we as a fanbase get one for watching such a putrid performance?

I can feel something bubbling inside me. Maybe it’s just the post-concert Taco Bell (the Mexi-Melt is back!), but this feeling is churning like the pink ooze from Ghostbusters II. I’ve been making an effort to stay positive all season, reminding myself that overreacting to a single game rarely helps. But after watching last night’s performance, and recognizing just how historically bad it was for the franchise, I couldn’t help but feel frustration, disdain, and that familiar sense of “here we go again” rising to the surface.

But then Mariah came out and started singing her Christmas classics. She’s like the modern-day Bing Crosby, isn’t she? A beloved crooner known for a wide range of songs but ultimately devoted to preparing us for the holiday season in her later years. And with that, I felt myself relax.

I’m hoping I won’t need to launch into one of my rants during the upcoming games. Still, I can sense something simmering beneath the surface, just as I’m sure it is for you too.

Bright Side Baller Season Standings:

All right. The Baller.

Josh Okogie, who had only logged 33 minutes across the previous three games before Wednesday, made his presence known in a big way. His 25 points and 8 rebounds catapulted him into the Bright Side Baller standings despite the Suns’ loss to the Kings. It was the most commanding performance we’ve seen so far this season in terms of impact relative to expectations, as won with 93% of the vote!

The standings this season:

Kevin Durant: 1
Jusuf Nurkic: 1
Bradley Beal: 1
Devin Booker: 1
Josh Okogie: 1

Your nominees from last night’s poop-fest in OKC? Here you go:

Devin Booker

12 points (2-of-10, 0-of-0 3PT), 4 assists, 4 rebounds, 1 steal, 1 block, 4 turnovers -29 +/-

Ryan Dunn

9 points (4-of-13, 1-of-9 3PT), 5 rebounds, 1 steal, 1 block, 1 turnover, -19 +/-

Josh Okogie

15 points (4-of-12, 1-of-4 3PT), 9 rebounds, 1 assist, 1 steal, 3 turnovers, -13 +/-

Royce O’Neale

11 points (4-of-10, 2-of-6 3PT), 7 rebounds, 3 assists, 0 turnovers, -19 +/-

Mariah Carey

26 songs, 6 non-Christmas songs, 4 wardrobe changes

It was a rough night in OKC, but someone still has to claim the Bright Side Baller award. Whoever receives it might glance at it, realize it’s for last night’s performance, and promptly shove it to the back of their closet.

But someone’s gotta win. Cast your vote below:

Poll
Who is your Bright Side Baller for Friday night?

MORE FROM BRIGHT SIDE OF THE SUN
Beating the easy teams isn’t so easy for the Phoenix Suns anymore
Inside the Suns - Topics: Bradley Beal, Ryan Dunn, Oso Ighodaro, lineup changes
Jimmy Butler wants Phoenix but the Suns are playing a tough hand
The Suns’ center conundrum: Is Oso Ighodaro the answer?
Suns Reacts Survey: Trading Bradley Beal
Bright Side Baller: The struggling Suns get stung by the Hornets
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Sign up for the newsletter
Sign up for the Bright Side of the Sun Daily Roundup newsletter!
A daily roundup of Phoenix Suns news from Bright Side of the Sun
Email (required)
By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. You can opt out at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.
SUBSCRIBE
Chorus
	
About Us
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.brightsideofthesun.com/2024/11/16/24297341/bright-side-baller-shootin-blanks-phoenix-suns-oklahoma-city-thunder-devin-booker-mariah-carey 
 ----- 
