European Championship

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Slovenia 1 Serbia 1: 95th-minute Jovic equaliser leaves Group C in the balance – The Briefing
By Sebastian Stafford-Bloor and more
Jun 20, 2024

6

The games in the early slot at Euro 2024 have generally provided sensational entertainment so far.

It took a fair while for the Group C encounter between Slovenia and Serbia in Munich today to ignite, but it eventually delivered the now-customary drama.

As they were against England, Serbia were subdued in the first half, with Slovenia the more aggressive and impressive side. What chances Serbia did create were invariably squandered by Aleksandar Mitrovic, which almost proved costly when Zan Karnicnik put Slovenia 1-0 up with 20 minutes to go.

But a last-gasp equaliser from Luka Jovic — his first international goal since 2022 — saved a point for Serbia and leaves Group C wide open before England play Denmark.

Here, Sebastian Stafford-Bloor and Peter Rutzler break down some of the talking points from the game.

Was Mitrovic unlucky or wasteful?

Aleksandar Mitrovic does not have much to prove in a Serbia shirt. He is the country’s record scorer, and it is his goals that have taken Serbia to major tournaments. But against Slovenia today, he could not find his Midas touch.

Six chances were passed up against Slovenia. The best came just before half-time, when Andrija Zivkovic, a fellow graduate from Partizan Belgrade’s academy, picked him out at the back post with a well-flighted cross. Instead of shooting first time, Mitrovic opted to take a touch, narrowing his angle to shoot against Jan Oblak, who saved well.

That lack of sharpness and acting on instinct would be the story of his afternoon. Mitrovic had a quiet game against England in Sunday’s opener, but the return of captain Dusan Tadic to the starting line-up was always likely to produce better opportunities for him. The pair have a good relationship and understanding, and that came to the fore in the second half. Tadic picked out Mitrovic twice for good chances; the first saw the striker break through on goal, only to be denied by Oblak again. Then, shortly afterwards, Tadic fizzed a perfect cross onto his forehead, but he could not find the target.

The ball simply would not go in for Mitrovic, and that was underlined when his volley was blocked onto the crossbar by Slovenia scorer Zan Karnicnik on 72 minutes.

	(Carl Recine/Getty Images)

Serbia needed to win this after losing to England. But despite their attacking riches, which also included Dusan Vlahovic and substitute Luka Jovic, they simply could not find a route to goal. Their overall play improved in the second half but they were poor in the final third. They either lacked composure in front of goal — notably Mitrovic — or with the final pass, until a late, late equaliser from Jovic broke Slovenian hearts.

Peter Rutzler

How did Benjamin Sesko look?

Benjamin Sesko’s rumoured valuation and the clubs who expressed an interest in signing him earlier in the summer reflected his potential more than his current status in the game. Sesko is going to be a wonderful player, but he is not quite there yet.

His role in this Slovenian team was a reminder the 21-year-old is still the type of forward who needs service — and who does not have the all-round game yet to force his will on matches. Behind Sesko, his team-mates’ ball movement was frequently good, especially in the first half. Serbia had difficulty shutting off the right-sided channel in their half, and yet passing options towards Sesko were typically closed off, and the crosses that did arrow towards the box were not able to find him in any space.

For now, Sesko remains a system player. Going between his German club RB Leipzig’s ultra-quick 4-2-2-2, with its quick, vertical actions, and Slovenia’s more cautious 4-4-2 shows him in a different light.

	(Damien Meyer/AFP via Getty Images)

He was good at Allianz Arena today, and worked extremely hard. Late in the first half, he dropped deep to receive a pass out of defence which, inevitably, led to him being clattered from behind. It was typical of a blue-collared performance and reflective of Sesko’s tactical responsibility. It came at a moment when Slovenia’s defenders needed relief and he put himself in a position to provide it.

But his best moment came from a counter-attack just before the hour when he was part of a three-on-three breakaway. The move ended with his curling shot being tipped over the bar but, as a sequence, it was extremely “RB”, and it suited him.

So, Sesko is excellent, but — internationally at least — he’s still not quite able to define the games in which he plays.

Seb Stafford-Bloor

Did you spot Tadic’s on-pitch coaching role?

There were worrying signs for Serbia long before they fell behind. In the first half, Slovenia had plenty of joy moving the ball through the midfield, and the amount of space they were able to find was suggestive of a technical problem. As was the Serbian body language.

More than once in the first half, their players remonstrated with one another, in an attempt to clarify positioning issues or demand changes to the rhythm of their passing.

Dusan Tadic, the captain, was especially active. When Slovenia hit the post before half-time, he marched back among his defenders, pointing and gesticulating, trying to better organise the team around him.

	(UEFA/UEFA via Getty Images)

One of the stranger spectacles of the afternoon was seeing that drama unfold while, whenever he got the chance in his technical area, head coach Dragan Stojkovic — one of the finest Serbian players of all time, but less loved as their manager — did the occasional trick with the ball.

It was all quite odd. It was also fitting that when Slovenia’s goal arrived, courtesy of a lovely flowing move through the middle of the pitch, it owed much to Serbian players not being where they should have been and a lack of resistance through midfield.

Seb Stafford-Bloor

Why are Serbia such a second-half team?

Serbia, it seems, are a team who only seem to function after their half-time cup of tea.

Their first-half display against Slovenia was reminiscent of their showing against England. For 30 minutes on Sunday, England looked like world-beaters and Serbia were comprehensively outplayed. Dragan Stojkovic lamented afterwards that his side gave England too much respect in their 1-0 defeat. “Like they came from another planet,” he said.

In the second half, they pushed England back and ultimately, Gareth Southgate’s side had to hang on for the three points.

With Slovenia essentially a must-win game, the expectation was that Serbia would start far more positively but, in the end, Stojkovic’s side produced a repeat performance. They were far too passive in the first half, dropping into a 5-4-1 defensive shape and applying very little pressure off the ball.

Slovenia, meanwhile, had better control of the game, and they condensed central areas smartly while finding joy on the overlap — particularly as Dusan Vlahovic and Dusan Tadic were tasked with covering those wide positions when out of possession.

But just like against England, Serbia improved after the break and while they left it late, and after a flurry of missed chances, they did merit their point. If they want to progress in this tournament, however, they need to be consistent for 90 minutes.

Peter Rutzler

What next for Slovenia?

Tuesday, June 25: England, Cologne, 8pm UK, 3pm ET

What next for Serbia?

Tuesday, June 25: Denmark, Munich, 8pm UK, 3pm ET

Recommended reading
Forget everything you thought you knew about German efficiency
Oldest squad? Most caps? Player call-ups per club? Your ultimate Euro 2024 data guide
Endrick, Yamal and Paez: How do you manage children at major international tournaments?

(Top photo: Miguel Medina/AFP via Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5572863/2024/06/20/slovenia-serbia-euro-2024-result-analysis/ 
 ----- 
