Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
SVN
0-2-0, 2 PTS
1
FT
SRB
0-1-1, 1 PTS
1
Zan Karnicnik - 69'
Luka Jovic - 90'+5'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Serbia's Jovic snatches late equaliser to salvage 1-1 draw with Slovenia
1:36
ESPN FC livestream reacts to Serbia's last-gasp equaliser

Luis Miguel Echegaray and Mark Donaldson react to Serbia's 95th-minute equaliser against Serbia at Euro 2024.

ByReuters
Updated: Jun 20, 2024, 05:02 pm

Serbia substitute Luka Jovic headed a last-gasp equaliser to cancel out Zan Karnicnik's opener and salvage a 1-1 draw with Slovenia in an absorbing Group C clash at Euro 2024 on Thursday.

Both sides hit the woodwork and had periods where they dominated possession and created chances at the Munich Football Arena in a game that swung from end-to-end at times.

The result puts Slovenia in second place on two points with leaders England, who have three, to come in their final group game. Serbia, bottom with one point, next face Denmark, who also have one point and play England later on Thursday.

Slovenia remain unbeaten and still firmly in contention to progress to the knockout stage of the tournament. For Serbia, the point also bolsters their hopes of progressing.

Luka Jovic celebrates after scoring an equaliser for Serbia.
Daniel Karmann/dpa via AP

Serbia manager Dragan Stojkovic praised Slovenia's discipline and bemoaned the fact that despite creating 15 goal attempts his side did not score until almost the final whistle.

"We created chances," Stojkovic said. "It was incredible how the ball did not want to enter the goal."(With Denmark) it will be us or them. We will play an open game."

Just like in their 1-0 opening defeat against England, Serbia started slowly and handed the initiative to Slovenia whose first big chance came when Timi Elsnik hit the near post after dribbling into the box in the first half.

Slovenia broke the deadlock after the break with a brilliantly worked goal from man-of-the-match Karnicnik who put them on the brink of their first ever Euros win.

Slovenia had missed several good chances until right back Karnicnik drove upfield from the edge of his own penalty area, released the ball to Elsnik and then met the return cross to slot the ball past Predrag Rajkovic in the 69th minute.

Slovenia coach Matjaz Kek thanked his players for their efforts in what he called a great atmosphere but said they ran out of steam towards the end of the contest.

"Slovenia has shown that it has a place here at the European Championship," Kek said. "Sport and football in general can be cruel but I believe karma will do its part for this team.

"We have felt disappointment because we know how strong the Serbia players are. There was a bit of a lack of concentration, perhaps a bit of a lack of strength in the last minutes."

Serbia ratcheted up the pressure looking for an equaliser with veteran striker Aleksandar Mitrovic hitting the post, and they finally levelled when Jovic nodded home a corner five minutes into added time to leave their opponents distraught.

Serbia had failed to capitalise on periods of superiority despite the menace of Mitrovic, who saw a close range shot deflected by Karnicnik onto the woodwork, until Jovic struck.

"They were the better team in the first half but we prevailed in the second," Mitrovic said. "We created a lot of chances and I was especially unlucky. We kept going until the end."

Game Information
Allianz Arena
1:00 PM, June 20, 2024
Coverage: FS1
München, Germany
Line: SRB -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 63,028
Referees:
Istvan Kovacs
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690589 
 ----- 
