Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
Serbia Euro 2024 squad guide: Fixtures, predictions and best players
Serbia will take on England, Denmark and Slovenia in Group C
Expectations aren't particularly high for talented squad
Dusan Vlahovic and Aleksandar Mitrovic among the prolific goalscorers on their books
By James Cormack | Jun 15, 2024
Expectations aren't particularly high for a talented Serbia squad at Euro 2024 / ANDREJ ISAKOVIC/GettyImages

For the first time ever in 2024, Serbia will compete at the European Championship as an independent nation.

Blessed with an impressive talent pool, many have regarded this Serbian generation as the finest since the Yugoslavian glory days of the early 1990s. So far, however, Serbia's stars have failed to deliver on the grand international stage. Their performances at the 2018 and 2022 World Cups were underwhelming.

Can Serbia deliver in Germany this summer? Here's 90min's guide to England's Group C rivals at Euro 2024.

Serbia Euro 2024 squad selection

Serbia's final 26-player squad for the tournament has been confirmed. The core remains firmly intact, with harsh exclusions kept to a minimum.

Dragon Stojkovic opted for veteran experience over untested youth at the back, with Jan-Carlo Simic of AC Milan and Zenit Saint Petersburg's Strahinja Erakovic both failing to make the final cut.

Torino's Nemanja Radonjic is perhaps the most notable omission given he has 44 caps for the national team, but he endured a pretty miserable loan spell with Mallorca last season and Serbia are pretty well stocked in creative positions.

Serbia's Euro 2024 squad

Player

	

Position

	

Club

	

Squad number




Vanja Milinkovic-Savic

	

Goalkeeper

	

Torino

	

23




Predrag Rajkovic

	

Goalkeeper

	

Mallorca

	

1




Djordje Petrovic

	

Goalkeeper

	

Chelsea

	

12




Strahinja Pavlovic

	

Defender

	

FC Salzburg

	

2




Nikola Milenkovic

	

Defender

	

Fiorentina

	

4




Milos Veljkovic

	

Defender

	

Werder Bremen

	

13




Srdan Babic

	

Defender

	

Spartak Moscow

	

15




Uros Spajic

	

Defender

	

Red Star

	

24




Nemanja Stojic

	

Defender

	

Red Star

	

3




Sasa Lukic

	

Midfielder

	

Fulham

	

22




Nemanja Gudelj

	

Midfielder

	

Sevilla

	

6




Nemanja Maksimovic

	

Midfielder

	

Getafe

	

5




Ivan Ilic

	

Midfielder

	

Torino

	

17




Srdjan Mijailovic

	

Midfielder

	

Red Star

	

16




Sergej Milinkovic-Savic

	

Midfielder

	

Al Hilal

	

20




Dusan Tadic

	

Midfielder

	

Fenerbahce

	

10




Lazar Samardzic

	

Midfielder

	

Udinese

	

19




Veljko Birmancevic

	

Midfielder

	

Sparta Prague

	

26




Filip Kostic

	

Midfielder

	

Juventus

	

11




Filip Mladenovic

	

Midfielder

	

Panathinaikos

	

25




Andrija Zivkovic

	

Midfielder

	

PAOK

	

14




Mijat Gacinovic

	

Midfielder

	

AEK Athens

	

21




Aleksandar Mitrovic

	

Forward

	

Al Hilal

	

9




Dusan Vlahovic

	

Forward

	

Juventus

	

7




Luka Jovic

	

Forward

	

Milan

	

8




Petar Ratkov

	

Forward

	

FC Salzburg

	

18

Tactics
Dragan Stojkovic is not a popular manager / Christian Hofer/GettyImages

There's no denying Serbia's talent but manager Dragan Stojkovic - one of the country's all-time greats - has come under heavy scrutiny from supporters.

Stojkovic has been criticised for his tactical shortcomings, with the Serbia boss failing to establish a system capable of maximising the talent at his disposal. Such tactical confusion means it's unknown whether Serbia will deploy a back four or five in Germany this summer.

Defensively, they look short of quality, especially at full-back. Much of their star power lies in attacking areas and Stojkovic has a job on his hands if he's to amicably fit his best players on paper into the same team.

At their best, Serbia are a functional outfit that can frustrate opponents with their physicality and compact low block. The towering height they possess means they'll pose a threat from set-pieces, too. Perhaps an embracing of this functionality would serve the Serbs well this summer. Stojkovic's side can appear woefully out of sorts when they try to adopt principles associated with leading club sides such as high pressing and intricate build-up patterns.

Fixtures
Serbia take on England in their first game of Euro 2024 / James Gill - Danehouse/GettyImages

Serbia's tournament kicks off against one of the favourites in Hamburg. The meeting with England on 16 June will be their first since gaining independence. It's an encounter the more pessimistic Serbian supporters are dreading.

They then take on Slovenia four days later in Munich. This is a must-win for their chances of progressing into the knockouts. Despite their history, the political relationship between the two nations is said to be strong.

Serbia's group stage concludes against a Danish side that reached the semi-finals at Euro 2020. Denmark aren't expected to enjoy such a deep run this summer, but they've never lost to Serbia in a competitive fixture, winning all three games.

Serbia's Euro 2024 group stage fixtures

Date/Kick-off Time (BST)

	

Fixture

	

Location




16/06/24 / 20:00

	

Serbia vs England

	

Veltins-Arena, Hamburg




20/06/24 / 17:00

	

Slovenia vs Serbia

	

Allianz Arena, Munich




25/06/24 / 20:00

	

Denmark vs Serbia

	

Allianz Arena, Munich

Serbia's record vs Euro 2024 group stage opponents

Nation

	

Matches played

	

Won

	

Drawn

	

Lost




England

	

0

	

0

	

0

	

0




Slovenia

	

4

	

1

	

2

	

1




Denmark

	

3

	

0

	

0

	

3

Serbia's potential knockout opponents

Even the most optimistic of Serbian supporters have difficulty thinking Stojkovic's side could top Group C. Should they defy the odds, a round of 16 clash against one of three third-place finishers would be their reward.

Realistically, Serbia are going to be fighting for second spot. They could also finish as one of the four best-performing third-placers should they pick up at least two or three points.

A second-place finish sets up a last 16 encounter with the winners of Group A - likely Germany, while third place would see them take on the winners of either Group E or F. In this scenario, Belgium or Portugal are the most likely opponents.

Key players to watch
Can Aleksandar Mitrovic and Dusan Vlahovic co-exist? / Alexander Hassenstein/GettyImages

There really is a dearth of defensive talent in this Serbia squad. If they do exceed expectations and enjoy a deep run, they'll be leaning on the goalscoring form of either Dusan Vlahovic or Aleksandar Mitrovic with Stojkovic unlikely to cram both players into his starting XI.

Mitrovic may have drifted away from European prominence but he enjoyed a prolific campaign out in Saudi Arabia with Pro League champions Al Hilal. He scored 28 goals in as many league games last season to end as the division's top scorer and the former Premier League striker also boasts a stellar record with the national team, scoring 57 times in 90 caps.

Vlahovic may be the more glamorous name but hasn't quite enjoyed the success of Mitrovic for Serbia. Nevertheless, the Juventus striker has 13 goals in 26 caps - a respectable record. He was once again shackled by Massimiliano Allegri's antiquated ideals in Turin last season but still ended up with 16 Serie A goals.

Dusan Tadic will operate as Serbia's key creator, while Torino's Ivan Ilic offers protection and guile in the middle of the park. Filip Kostic has endured an indifferent couple of years with Juve but remains crucial to the national team's success down the left.

Emerging talents
Samardzic is the heir to Dusan Tadic's creative throne / Alessandro Sabattini/GettyImages

There's one name that stands out here: Lazar Samardzic.

The Udinese playmaker is regarded as Tadic's heir to the creative mantle for the Serbian national team, with Samardzic, formerly of RB Leipzig, set to join one of Serie A's big boys soon.

The left-footed Samardzic is a high-volume shooter who loves trying his luck from range. His ball-striking is fierce and his ability to carry the ball upfield in transition will be a handy attribute for a Serbian team that's better suited to playing without the ball. He can dazzle with his slick footwork and overpower opponents with his dynamism.

It'd be great to see him earn a more prominent role this summer, but Samardzic is likely to be consigned to impact roles off the bench. The 22-year-old has just eight caps for the national team.

Predictions
Serbia struggled at the previous two World Cups and would do well to advance from Group C / PEDJA MILOSAVLJEVIC/GettyImages

Serbia are a tough one to predict. On paper, Stojkovic's side are well-suited to tournament football given their potential prowess from set-pieces and imposing physicality. They could bully and harass teams in their compact deep block and play on the counter.

However, it's uncertain how Stojkovic will set his side up this summer. The Serbian manager, by all accounts, simply isn't very good at his job and, given the pessimism which surrounds the national team heading into the tournament, it's hard to envisage them enjoying a prosperous Euro 2024.

Having failed to get out of the group at the previous two World Cups, would a round of 16 berth be seen as progress?

Euro 2024 predictions: Who will win the tournament in Germany?
NEXT: PLAY: Our Euro 2024 sweepstake (UK only)
Related Topics
Euro 2024
World Cup - Germany
England
Three
Premier League
Home
/
Euro 2024
Sponsored content
About
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contact Us
Careers
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Sitemap
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2024 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.90min.com/features/serbia-euro-2024-squad-guide-fixtures-predictions-best-players 
 ----- 
