SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Euro 2024 five quick hits — Xherdan Shaqiri scores a stunner, Jamal Musiala the difference for Germany, and England v Denmark gets the royal treatment

Topic:
Sport

Wed 19 Jun
Wednesday 19 June

Xherdan Shaqiri scores a stunner for Switzerland to make it 1-1 against Scotland. (Getty Images: Marius Becker/picture alliance)

abc.net.au/news/euro-2024-five-quick-hits-ahead-of-england-denmark/104000714
Link copied
Share article

The groups are starting to figure themselves out at Euro 2024 as the competition gets into full swing in Germany.

Here are the five quick hits from the Wednesday night and Thursday morning action that you might have missed.

1. Musiala shows why he could become best in the world

Jamal Musiala is lighting up the European Championship and showing just why his teammates think the 21-year-old forward can go on to become one of the best players in the world.

Musiala scored his second goal of the tournament overnight to help Germany beat Hungary 2-0 and book its spot in the knockout stage.

"For me, it's incredible to play with him, he can do the unexpected in every single situation," Germany captain İlkay Gündoğan said.

"Maybe he's the most important one at the moment for us and at such a young age as well.

"And, I love him. He's such a complete player and such a nice guy as well. Very humble. And if he keeps doing his thing, the way he's doing right now, he can be one of the best."

Musiala opened the scoring in the 22nd minute with a goal that was furiously protested by Hungary. Gündoğan had set that up and got on the scoresheet himself in the second half.

Musiala had netted Germany's second goal in the 5-1 opening victory over Scotland on Friday to kick off Euro 2024. Hungary lost 3-1 to Switzerland on Saturday and now faces an uphill challenge to advance.

"He did brilliant in both games," Germany coach Julian Nagelsmann said.

"Not only the two goals, I think every situation or offensive proposition is pretty tough for the opponent to defend.

"I think it's important for him not to deal with the pressure, just to deal with his capability to solve any offensive one-on-one situations … He should not think about the pressure, because he's brilliant in just playing soccer."

2. Shaqiri strikes a first-time-hit stunner for the Swiss

Xherdan Shaqiri's stunning first-half strike secured a 1-1 draw for Switzerland against Scotland on Wednesday.

The 32-year-old Chicago Fire forward rolled back the years with a first-time curling effort from about 20 meters out at Cologne Stadium.

Scotland had led from the 13th minute when Scott McTominay's shot took a wicked deflection off Fabian Schär to beat Switzerland goalkeeper Yann Sommer.

But Shaqiri pounced on Anthony Ralston's loose pass in the 26th to even the match.

The draw leaves Switzerland second in Group B on four points, while Scotland's hopes of advancing to the round of 16 depend on the result of its final game against Hungary on Sunday.

3. Albanian sub scores for both teams in draw with Croatia

Albania substitute Klaus Gjasula had the rare experience of scoring for both teams in an intense 2-2 draw with Croatia that could make it difficult for each to survive the group stage at Euro 2024.

The Croatian players were particularly disappointed with the result in Hamburg after Gjasula's stoppage-time goal denied them a much-needed win after they lost 3-0 to Spain in their opening Group B match.

"My first minutes on the pitch were very, very difficult for me not only for the own goal but also other situations," Gjasula said.

"Then God wanted and gave me the opportunity to score. A very beautiful, historic day for me."

In the first-ever competitive match between the two Balkan teams, Croatia tried to set the pace from the start, but it was Albania's Qazim Laci who scored first, heading in a cross from the right flank in the 11th minute.

Andrej Kramarić equalised in the 74th minute before Gjasula's own goal made it 2-1 for Croatia just two minutes later.

At that point, Croatia looked in control but a late surge by Albania changed everything once again as Gjasula redeemed himself by scoring with a low shot in the 95th minute.

It was a thrilling end-to-match that left both Croatia and Albania in a precarious situation in the group. Albania lost to defending champion Italy 2-1 in its first match.

4. Serbia and Albania fined for nationalist flags in the crowd

UEFA fined the Albanian and Serbian soccer federations 10,000 euros ($16,270) each on Wednesday for fans displaying banners with nationalist maps at European Championship games.

Each federation was charged with "transmitting provocative messages not fit for a sports event" because they are responsible for the conduct of their fans at stadiums.

Albania fans displayed a banner with a map of their country extending its borders into the territory of neighbouring countries. It was shown during the 2-1 loss against Italy on Saturday in Dortmund.

A pitch invader runs on the field during the match between Italy and Albania, with Albania eventually fined for the incident. (AP: Alessandro Tarantino)

Serbia fans' banner included the independent territory of Kosovo and the slogan "No Surrender" at a 1-0 loss against England in Gelsenkirchen. A case was prosecuted by FIFA at the 2022 World Cup when players were photographed with a similar banner in their locker room ahead of a game against Brazil.

UEFA also opened a separate investigation into alleged discrimination by Serbia fans. The Kosovo soccer federation filed a formal complaint with UEFA.

The Albanian federation was fined a further $44,000 for fans lighting flares and fireworks, throwing beer cups and a fan who went on the field.

5. England, Denmark and Spain get the royal treatment

Two kings and a prince are set to watch the soccer aristocrats playing on the field at European Championship games.

King Frederik X of Denmark and the first in line to the British throne, Prince William, will be together in the VVIP seats when their national teams meet in Frankfurt.

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

"It's a big honour. I'm a big fan of the Danish royal family," Denmark goalkeeper Kasper Schmeichel said on Wednesday.

Schmeichel previously met Prince William at the FA Cup final in May 2021, when the future king also presented him with the trophy as captain of the winning Leicester team against Chelsea at Wembley Stadium.

King Felipe VI of Spain is due to attend the later game when his national team plays Italy in Gelsenkirchen.

UEFA confirmed the scheduled royal visits to the month-long tournament in Germany.

Prince William is the longtime president of the English Football Association and a fan of Premier League team Aston Villa, which has two players in the England squad at Euro 2024.

King Frederik, who became monarch in January on the abdication of his mother Queen Margrethe II, is a former member of the International Olympic Committee.

Next Euro 2024 matches (AEST):

Thursday, 11pm: Slovenia v Serbia

Friday, 2am: Denmark v England

Friday, 5am: Spain v Italy

AP/ABC

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Wed 19 Jun 2024 at 9:54pm
Wednesday 19 Jun 2024 at 9:54pm
Related topics

Albania

Denmark

England

Germany

Hungary

Soccer

Sport

United Kingdom

Top Stories
Plane carrying 181 crashes during landing in South Korea, at least 29 dead

Topic:
Air and Space Accidents and Incidents

Photo shows Fire on a crashed plane with thick smoke.
School chaplain killed in shark attack while spearfishing off Queensland coast

Topic:
Shark Attacks

Schoolgirl survivor of 'comic book killer' furious over artwork at Grafton jail

Topic:
Crime

Musk vows 'war' over work visa in first row with MAGA supporters

Topic:
World Politics

Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Just In
Two people drown at notoriously dangerous beach in WA's South West

Topic:
Drownings

1h ago
1 hours ago
Rescue underway after fiery plane crash at South Korea's Muan airport

LIVE

3m ago
3 minutes ago
Bushwalker's body found in Tasmania's remote south-west

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

1h ago
1 hours ago
Rescue operation underway after plane crash in South Korea

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

6m ago
6 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2024 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2024-06-20/euro-2024-five-quick-hits-ahead-of-england-denmark/104000714 
 ----- 
