Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'We're close': Crew's magic number stuck at one
Share
'We're close': Crew's magic number stuck at one
Santana, Yelich reach career milestones as Brewers remain in hunt for division title
September 24th, 2023

Adam McCalvy

@AdamMcCalvy
Share

0:00

0:29

MIAMI – The champagne was on ice in the visitors' clubhouse at loanDepot park on Saturday, and it remained there, uncorked.

Needing either a victory over the Marlins or a Cubs loss to the Rockies to clinch the National League Central, the Brewers got neither. Chicago came from behind for a win at Wrigley Field before Milwaukee's own comeback bid was foiled in a 5-4 loss to Miami, spoiling personal milestones for Carlos Santana and Christian Yelich and leaving the Crew’s magic number to win the division stuck at one.

Games remaining (7): at MIA (1), vs. STL (3), vs. CHC (3)
Standings update: The Brewers (88-67) hold a seven-game lead over the Cubs (81-74) for first place in the National League Central. Milwaukee is the third-best division leader in the NL, meaning it would host a best-of-three NL Wild Card Series against the final Wild Card entrant starting on Oct. 3.
Magic number: The Brewers' magic number over the Cubs to clinch the division title is one.

Yelich tallied two more hits to reach 1,500 for his career and Santana became the 10th switch-hitter in AL/NL history to reach 300 home runs in epic fashion, with a three-run game-tying home run to cap Milwaukee’s four-run sixth inning. But the Brewers couldn’t add on, and the Marlins scored in the bottom of the eighth to delay the celebration.

“It’s kind of crazy the amount of emotions you go from scoring 16 runs,” said Brewers starter Brandon Woodruff, referencing Milwaukee’s playoff-clinching 16-1 win the night before, “to losing a game like this when you know you’ve got the division to win.

“You know what? It’s one of them ‘baseball days.’ You move on.”

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

January 10th, 2025

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Santana returning to Guards; Josh Naylor traded to D-backs

December 23rd, 2024

Do these 11 'old guy' FAs have something left in the tank?

December 17th, 2024

What does 2025 have in store for the Crew?

January 3rd, 2025

Yelich 'on track' for 2025 after back surgery

December 10th, 2024

The Brewers will try again on Sunday behind the third of their “Big Three” starting pitchers, Freddy Peralta. He’s 6-1 with a 1.96 ERA in his past 10 starts, including a Sept. 12 win over the Marlins in Milwaukee.

Saturday’s loss went to Joel Payamps, the setup man who was so reliable for the Brewers throughout the first five months of the season but appears to be wearing down in September. A leadoff walk in the eighth, a hit and a run-scoring wild pitch gave the Marlins the lead for good and put an earned run on Payamps’ ledger for the third time in his past four outings, as well as the fourth time in his eight outings this month. He’s allowed at least one hit in 14 consecutive appearances.

The Brewers still have baseball’s best record since Aug. 18 (23-10), but if there’s a weak spot, it might be some of the setup relief prior to lights-out closer Devin Williams. 

Elvis Peguero, a bright spot earlier this year who ascended to seventh-inning duties, was lightly-used for most of September month before landing on the 15-day injured list earlier this road trip with swelling around his right elbow. The Brewers expect him to be ready to pitch in the NL Wild Card Series. 

And Payamps, second on the team with 67 appearances and second among Brewers relievers with 68 2/3 innings, has seen his velocity and arm slot dip in recent weeks. 

“It’s not been a loud contact issue here,” manager Craig Counsell said. “It’s getting ahead of a hitter and not making a pitch, or falling behind a hitter with a walk. The ball in play has not been overly concerning, really.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Then there was Woodruff, who is in line for one more start in the regular season after he allowed four runs on six hits over five innings, including Jake Burger’s three-run homer in the first. Woodruff departed after 87 pitches with the Brewers facing a 4-0 deficit.

Most concerning, Woodruff drew a visit from Counsell and the athletic training staff in the second inning when his velocity was down. He missed four months earlier this season with a strained muscle behind his shoulder, and Saturday marked his first stumble since he returned.

“I’ll tell you what brought them out [to the mound], a 90 mph fastball and a 91 [mph fastball],” Woodruff said. “I haven’t done that in a while. The ball just wasn’t coming out good in the second inning. Physically, there was nothing wrong. I told them, ‘Look, I don’t know what’s going on. The ball’s just not coming out good.’ But I was able to get through the inning, and then the last couple of innings, it was starting to come out a little bit better.”

The loss complicated emotions for Santana and Yelich after they each reached career milestones. For Yelich, hustling for an infield hit at the stadium formerly known as Marlins Park was a full-circle moment for the former Marlin. He subtly secured the baseball for his collection without disrupting a budding Brewers rally in the seventh. 

Santana, too, went home with his milestone baseball after Brewers equipment manager Jason Shawger helped connect the veteran slugger with the fan who wound up with the ball in the center field seats. 

“I know my team lost, but I’m happy for that -- getting 300 home runs. I was working so hard for that,” Santana said. “I’m sorry, I’m emotional. Especially today -- my dad called me today to support me.”

Santana would like to speak with reporters again Sunday, this time with good news for the team. The Brewers are on the cusp of winning the NL Central for the third time in the past six seasons. 

“We’re close,” Santana said.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Carlos Santana
Christian Yelich

Supervising Club Reporter Adam McCalvy has covered the Brewers for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:15 PM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/carlos-santana-hits-300th-career-home-run-in-brewers-loss 
 ----- 
