Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
History
Rumors
Prospects
AL EAST
AL CENTRAL
AL WEST
NL EAST
NL CENTRAL
NL WEST
About
Follow Us
MLB news: Chicago Cubs, Atlanta Braves, Minnesota Twins
By
Kevin Henry
|
Sep 23, 2023
Jun 20, 2023; Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA; Chicago Cubs starting pitcher Marcus Stroman (0) delivers a pitch against the Pittsburgh Pirates during the first inning at PNC Park. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports

Let’s take a look at some of the latest MLB news and notes, including tidbits on the Chicago Cubs, Atlanta Braves and Minnesota Twins.

Chicago Cubs news: Marcus Stroman returns to the rotation

In a surprise move late Friday afternoon, Chicago Cubs manager David Ross announced to the media that Marcus Stroman would get the start on Saturday in a pivotal home game against the Colorado Rockies.

With the Cubs battling for a National League Wild Card spot, Stroman will make his first start since July 31 on Saturday. He has fought injuries since then, and is still reportedly not 100 percent because of rib issues. However, with the Cubs needing every win possible down the stretch and a grueling road trip to Atlanta and Milwaukee to end the regular season, Stroman will get the call for the Saturday matinee matchup at Wrigley Field.

MLB news: Minnesota Twins clinch AL Central title

The American League Central championship once again rests with the Twins after their clinching moment on Friday night. Now the question becomes can the franchise move forward in the postseason?

Minnesota hasn’t won a postseason game since October 5, 2004 (Game 1 of the ALDS against the New York Yankees). Since then, the franchise has lost 18 consecutive playoff matchups, including being swept by the Houston Astros in the 2020 AL Wild Card matchup, their last postseason moments.

Atlanta Braves news: Ronald Acuña Jr. continues to rewrite the history books

In his quest to win National League MVP honors, Acuña is putting his name in the record books with some eye-popping numbers.

Acuña, who has certainly had some interesting moments on the field this season, including a run-in with fans in Denver, blasted his 40th home run of the season on Friday in Washington, earning him not only membership in the 40-40 club, but also solo status in the 40-50 and 40-60 club thanks to his 68 stolen bases on the year.

Atlanta and Washington have already had their Saturday matchup postponed by weather, setting up a double-header on Sunday where Acuña could become the first person to ever hit 40 homers and steal 70 bases in a season.

NEXT: Does Baltimore have the tools to go deep into October?
Related Topics
Chicago Cubs
Atlanta Braves
Minnesota Twins
MLB News
New York Yankees
Houston Astros
Colorado Rockies
Home/MLB News
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://calltothepen.com/2023/09/23/mlb-news-chicago-cubs-atlanta-braves-minnesota-twins/ 
 ----- 
