Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Pittsburgh Pirates Mathematically Eliminated From Playoff Contention After Cubs Win
Before they even got to take the field Saturday night, the Pittsburgh Pirates saw their chances of making the MLB postseason cut to zero.
Sam Connon | Sep 23, 2023
Pittsburgh Pirates Mathematically Eliminated From Playoff Contention After Cubs Win /
In this story:
Pittsburgh Pirates

The Pittsburgh Pirates woke up Saturday morning and they technically still had a chance to make the MLB postseason.

Before they even took the field for their game against the Cincinnati Reds, those hopes were dashed.

The Pirates were mathematically eliminated from playoff contention Saturday, according to Talkin' Baseball and SB Nation's Bucs Dugout. The Chicago Cubs' win over the Colorado Rockies earlier in the afternoon made it impossible for Pittsburgh to storm back and take any of the three NL Wild Card spots.

At 73-81, the Pirates are 7.5 games behind the Cubs with eight games left on the slate. But since Chicago won the season series 10-3, Pittsburgh would lose the tiebreaker in the event of a miraculous late-season run regardless.

The Pirates were likely only a few hours from getting eliminated anyways, considering they currently trail the Reds 9-1 in the bottom of the fourth inning.

There have now been five teams eliminated in the last three days, as the Boston Red Sox were officially knocked out on Thursday. The New York Mets, Detroit Tigers and Cleveland Guardians, on the other hand, were eliminated Friday.

The New York Yankees are likely to be the next team to see their playoff chances cut to zero. From there, the San Francisco Giants and San Diego Padres would be the only remaining teams with between a 0.1% and 2.0% chance of making the playoffs, per FanGraphs.

Six playoff spots have already been clinched, leaving six more up for grabs for the nine teams that hold realistic odds of snagging them.

The Pirates are not one of those teams, and they have a week left on the schedule before they can officially set their sights on 2024.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 23, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/pittsburgh-pirates-mathematically-eliminated-from-playoff-contention-after-chicago-cubs-win 
 ----- 
