Skip to content
Subscribe Now
26°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
National News
Election
Business
Best Reviews
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Philadelphia Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Special Sections
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
LATEST HEADLINES
Ketel Marte’s hit boosts Diamondbacks to ninth inning win over Phillies
Kimbrel victimized in ninth inning
Arizona Diamondbacks’ Ketel Marte, right, celebrates his walk off single with Geraldo Perdomo against the Phillies during the ninth inning in Game 3 of the NLCS in Phoenix. (Ross D. Franklin – The Associated Press)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: October 19, 2023 at 10:42 PM EDT

PHOENIX — Ketel Marte capped a three-hit afternoon with a walk-off single in the ninth inning, rookie Brandon Pfaadt pitched 5.2 scoreless innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Phillies 2-1 on Thursday and draw to within two games to one in the NL Championship Series.

PHOENIX >> More than 15 minutes after the game, Ketel Marte stood at his clubhouse locker, gulping water while trying to finally catch his breath after delivering the Arizona Diamondbacks’ latest clutch postseason moment.

“After my hit, I sprinted so hard,” Marte said, shaking his head.

Marte capped a three-hit afternoon with a walk-off single in the ninth, rookie Brandon Pfaadt pitched 5.2 scoreless innings and the Diamondbacks closed to 2-1 in the NL Championship Series by rallying to beat the Phillies 2-1 on Thursday.

On the verge of falling behind 3-0 in the best-of-seven matchup, Arizona tied the score on Lourdes Gurriel Jr.’s RBI double in the seventh. Gurriel opened the ninth with a leadoff walk against Craig Kimbrel, stole second and took third on Pavin Smith’s infield single.

Gurriel was thrown out at the plate by shortstop Trea Turner on Emmanuel Rivera’s hard-hit grounder as the Phillies played the infield in. Geraldo Perdomo walked after falling behind 1-2 in the count and Marte — one of the few Diamondbacks who has looked comfortable at the plate this series — hit a liner that fell in front of center fielder Johan Rojas, sending the D-backs onto the field in celebration.

“I felt like I could make some pitches to get us out of it,” Kimbrel said. “Sometimes you get them. Some days you don’t. Today just wasn’t that day.”

Marte said he wasn’t nervous during his at-bat. The 30-year-old is hitting .382 with four doubles, two homers and five RBIs in eight postseason games this year and has a 12-game postseason hitting streak.

“I’m not a pressure guy,” Marte said. “I know what kind of hitter I am.”

It was the third postseason walk-off win for the Diamondbacks after series-winning hits by Tony Womack’s in the 2001 Division Series and Luis Gonzalez in 2001 World Series.

Defending NL champion Philadelphia had opened the postseason 7-1 and outscored the Diamondbacks 15-3 over two games at Citizens Bank Park, hitting six homers.Bryce Harper put the Phillies ahead in the seventh when he scored on Ryan Thompson’s wild pitch.

“We are here at their place,” Harper said. “They played a really good game today. I thought both sides had good defense, good pitching. Just got to move on as soon as possible.”

Originally Published: October 19, 2023 at 8:20 PM EDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Testimony wraps at trial of Lower Providence man accused of killing infant daughter
Testimony wraps at trial of Lower Providence man accused of killing infant daughter
Spring-Ford High School grad helps produce documentary about ‘Krazy Kenny’
Spring-Ford High School grad helps produce documentary about ‘Krazy Kenny’
UPDATED: Pottstown to close Armand Hammer Boulevard over 7 days
UPDATED: Pottstown to close Armand Hammer Boulevard over 7 days
Verdict: Lower Providence dad guilty of sexually assaulting, killing infant daughter
Verdict: Lower Providence dad guilty of sexually assaulting, killing infant daughter
Kohl’s, Macy’s announce 2 area store closures
Kohl’s, Macy’s announce 2 area store closures
Pennsylvania State Police corporal charged with having porn on work computer
Pennsylvania State Police corporal charged with having porn on work computer
Shooting incident lands Douglass (Mont.) man in prison
Shooting incident lands Douglass (Mont.) man in prison
8 pounds of crystal meth seized after Route 422 traffic stop in eastern Berks, police say
8 pounds of crystal meth seized after Route 422 traffic stop in eastern Berks, police say
The Mercury’s Sound Off for Friday, Jan. 10
The Mercury’s Sound Off for Friday, Jan. 10
Student teacher charged with shooting video in OJR locker room in 2023
Student teacher charged with shooting video in OJR locker room in 2023
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Kennett’s young swim team defeats Great Valley
BOYS BASKETBALL: Archbishop Carroll ends skid with win over La Salle
With Zion Williamson suspended, CJ McCollum scores 38 to lead Pelicans past 76ers
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
2023
October
19
MEDIANEWS GROUP
The Mercury
Daily Local News
The Times Herald
The Reporter
The Trentonian
Reading Eagle
Delaware Co Daily Times
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit Letter to the Editor
Submit Announcements
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Work With Us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Jobs
Public Notices
Network Advertising
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pottsmerc.com/2023/10/19/ketel-martes-hit-boosts-diamondbacks-to-ninth-inning-win-over-phillies/ 
 ----- 
