Skip to content
WHYY
play
Listen Live • BBC World Service
WHYY
DONATE
Primary Menu
News
Radio & Podcasts
Radio Schedule
Ways to Listen
WHYY Listen App
TV
TV Schedule
Live TV
Watch on Demand
Stream PBS Kids
Arts
Events
Education
Your Learning Neighborhood
For Students
For Educators
Pathways to Media Careers
WHYY Media Labs
Youth Media Awards
Support
WHYY Membership
WHYY Passport
WHYY Member Portal
Sponsorship
Vehicle Donation Program
Volunteer
Search for:
NEWSLETTERS
DONATE
COMMUNITYPHILADELPHIASPORTS
Marte hits walk-off single in ninth, D-backs beat Phillies 2-1 and close to 2-1 in NLCS

The Arizona Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2-1 on Thursday and close to 2-1 in the NL Championship Series.

ByAssociated PressDavid BrandtUpdated Oct. 19, 2023 8:34 pm

Arizona Diamondbacks' Pavin Smith celebrates after scoring the game winning run past Philadelphia Phillies catcher J.T. Realmuto on a single by Ketel Marte during the ninth inning in Game 3 of the baseball NL Championship Series in Phoenix, Thursday, Oct. 19, 2023. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

Ketel Marte capped a three-hit afternoon with a walk-off single in the ninth, rookie Brandon Pfaadt pitched 5 2/3 scoreless innings and the Arizona Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2-1 on Thursday and close to 2-1 the NL Championship Series.

On the verge of falling behind 3-0 in the best-of-seven series, Arizona tied the score on Lourdes Gurriel Jr.’s RBI double in the seventh.

Gurriel opened the ninth with a leadoff walk off Craig Kimbrel, stole second and took third on Pavin Smith’s infield single.

Gurriel was thrown out at the plate by shortstop Trea Turner on Emmanuel Rivera’s hard-hit grounder as the Phillies played the infield in. Geraldo Perdomo walked after falling behind 1-2 in the count and Marte — one of the few Diamondbacks who has looked comfortable at the plate this series — hit a liner that fell in front of center fielder Johan Rojas, sending the D-backs onto the field in celebration.

WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor

It was the third postseason walk-off win for the Diamondbacks. Marte has a 12-game postseason hitting streak.

Bryce Harper had put the Phillies ahead in the seventh when he scored on Ryan Thompson’s wild pitch.

Related Content
COMMUNITY

Schwarber homers twice, Turner goes deep, Phillies power past Arizona 10-0 in Game 2 of NLCS

Philadelphia improved to 7-1 in the playoffs, moving closer to a second straight World Series appearance.

1 year ago

Defending NL champion Philadelphia had opened the postseason 7-1 and and outscored the Diamondbacks 15-3 over two games at Citizens Bank Park, hitting six homers.

After throwing 4 1/3 scoreless innings against the Los Angeles Dodgers in the Division Series clincher, Pfaadt struck out nine and allowed two hits against the Phillies with a mid-90s fastball and a nifty sweeper that had hitters chasing.

Pfaadt combined with Andrew Saalfrank, Thompson, Kevin Ginkel and Paul Sewald on a three-hitter. Sewald, who got the win, stranded Harper on second in the ninth when Alec Bohm took a called third strike.

Philadelphia’s Ranger Suárez gave up three hits and struck out seven in 5 1/3 innings, leaving after Marte’s leadoff double in the sixth. Suarez’s 0.94 ERA is the lowest in a pitcher’s first eight career postseason appearances.

WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor

Harper walked against Saalfrank starting the seventh and Bohm followed with an infield single against Thompson. Bryson Stott grounded into a double play as Harper took third, and Thompson yanked an 0-1 slider that swerved over the left-handed batter’s box and bounced to the backstop. The ball rebounded to catcher Gabriel Montero, whose too-late throw sailed past the pitcher covering the plate as Harper slid headfirst.

Arizona had been scoreless for 17 innings until the seventh. Tommy Pham singled off Orion Kerkering and Gurriel doubled down into the left-field corner. Smith singled to put runners at the corners but José Alvarado got Rivera to ground into a double play and Perdomo grounded out.

LATE ARRIVALS

The first two games of the NLCS were a hot ticket in Philadelphia, with fans paying hundreds of bucks just to get in the door.

Game 3 at Chase Field was much more affordable. Less than an hour before the game, seats were available on SeatGeek for as low as $18 and on StubHub for as low as $14. Prices were so low that Phillies fans claimed they bought tickets just to keep potential D-backs fans out of the stadium.

The D-backs announced a sellout crowd of 47,075 and the seats looked 99% full for a game that started at 2:07 p.m.

D-backs changes

D-backs manager Torey Lovullo shuffled his lineup significantly for Game 3 against the left-handed Suárez, flipping Marte and Corbin Carroll at the top of the order. He also batted Moreno third, dropped Pham to fifth and played the right-handed hitting Rivera at third base. Thomas — a left-handed hitter — wasn’t in the starting lineup. He was 0 for 5 in the first two games.

Up next

Game 4 is on Friday night at 5:07 p.m. local time (8:07 p.m. EDT).

Never miss a moment with the WHYY Listen App!

Play, pause, and rewind the live radio stream, access on-demand audio features, and dive into podcasts from both local and national sources.

 
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Email

WHYY is your source for fact-based, in-depth journalism and information. As a nonprofit organization, we rely on financial support from readers like you. Please give today.

You may also like
COMMUNITY

Wheeler deals, Schwarber, Harper, Realmuto homer and Phillies beat D-backs 6-1 for 3-2 NLCS lead

Philadelphia moved one win from its second straight World Series appearance, regaining control after wasting late leads in consecutive one-run losses at Chase Field.

1 year ago

COMMUNITY

Thomas’ tying homer, Moreno’s decisive hit send D-backs over Phillies 6-5, ties NLCS at 2 games

For Game 5, Philadelphia RHP Zach Wheeler (2-0, 2.37 ERA postseason) starts Saturday night against RHP Zac Gallen (2-1, 4.96 ERA).

1 year ago

COMMUNITY

Schwarber homers twice, Turner goes deep, Phillies power past Arizona 10-0 in Game 2 of NLCS

Philadelphia improved to 7-1 in the playoffs, moving closer to a second straight World Series appearance.

1 year ago

About Associated Press
Read more
@AP
WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
 
WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
Latest News
Man facing charges after girlfriend’s body found in refrigerator in South Jersey forest: Police

10 hours ago

California native turned Philadelphian ‘devastated’ watching his old home burn from afar

12 hours ago

Prosecutors seek 15 years in prison for former New Jersey Sen. Bob Menendez after bribery conviction

12 hours ago

Want a digest of WHYY’s programs, events & stories? Sign up for our weekly newsletter.

Enter your email here
49%
 

Together we can reach 100% of WHYY’s fiscal year goal

Donate
 
Learn about WHYY Member benefits
Ways to Donate
WHYY

WHYY provides trustworthy, fact-based, local news and information and world-class entertainment to everyone in our community.

WHYY offers a voice to those not heard, a platform to share everyone’s stories, a foundation to empower early and lifelong learners and a trusted space for unbiased news. Learn more about Social Responsibility at WHYY. It’s how we live.

Contact Us
Philadelphia

215.351.1200
talkback@whyy.org

 Delaware

302.516.7506
talkback@whyy.org

Our Programs
Albie’s Elevator
Art Outside
Billy Penn
Check, Please! Philly
The Connection
Delishtory
Flicks
Fresh Air
Good Souls
The Infinite Art Hunt
Movers & Makers
On Stage at Curtis
Peak Travel
Philadelphia Revealed
PlanPhilly
The Pulse
Schooled
The Statue
Stop and Frisk: Revisit or Resist
Studio 2
Things To Do
Voices in the Family
WHYY News Climate Desk
You Oughta Know
Young Creators Studio
Young, Unhoused and Unseen
Your Democracy
 
Inside WHYY
About
Meet Our Newsroom
Employment
Lifelong Learning Award
N.I.C.E. Initiative
Contact Us
Sponsorship
Directions
FCC Public Files
FCC Applications
 
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
YouTube
Sign up for a Newsletter

© MMXXV WHYY

 
Privacy Policy Terms of Use for WHYY.org

WHYY is partnered with

  
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://whyy.org/articles/phillies-diamondbacks-mlb-nlcs-game-3/ 
 ----- 
