Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
News
Scores
Premier League
Liga MX
MLS
Leagues Cup
Champions League
LaLiga
More
Soccer
Neymar's injury hell threatens to derail his career: 16 since 2018 and 640 days sidelined

The Brazilian striker, now 31-years-old, is expected to miss significant time after his latest knee injury

Neymar got injured in Brazil's WC qulaifier game against Uruguay on TuesdayLAPRESSE
LW
Actualizado 18/10/2023 - 18:03 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Soccer. Neymar nightmare scenario has been confirmed: ACL and meniscus complete tear
Soccer. Lionel Messi sends get well message to Neymar: What did he say?

"It's injuries, injuries, injuries... and just when he starts to gain momentum, there's another one," lamented Casemiro after Neymar's latest descent into the injury abyss.

It's clear that the former Real Madrid player is intimately familiar with the nightmare his compatriot has been enduring, as this phrase couldn't describe the forward's recent years better.

Neymar's star is dimming due to a seemingly endless string of injuries.

With his latest setback, which threatens to keep him off the field for an extended period, he's now accumulated 16 injuries in the last seven seasons.

This has resulted in a total of 640 days sidelined, and this count doesn't include the new recovery period he'll face.

Neymar has struggled to find his footing since the 2017-2018 season, his first year with PSG.

Neymar's torturous journey since 2018

His injury ordeal began in February 2018 when he fractured the fifth metatarsal of his right foot for which he had surgery and was out for 100 days.

The following year was even worse.

In January 2019, he suffered a recurrence of the fifth metatarsal injury in his right foot, forcing an 88-day break.

He returned in late April, only to fracture his right ankle in a friendly match leading up to the Copa America in June. Another 90 days on the sidelines.

In the 2019-2020 season, Neymar caught a brief respite, with 'only' 45 days of absence due to a couple of injuries, the most significant being a hamstring one that kept him out for 30 days.

He reclaimed his top form and played a crucial role in PSG's journey to the Champions League final.

The following three seasons continued to be a sequence of injuries, with three in 2020-2021, another three in 2021-2022, and an additional three in 2022-2023.

These repeated injuries have made it exceedingly challenging for him to regain his best form and establish the consistency required to be a game-changer.

Nine injuries and 357 days of absence in total.

This season didn't begin well for Neymar.

A day after his grand unveiling with Al Hilal, it was announced that he had arrived injured.

Now, a new blow: a torn ACL and meniscus on his left knee that joins his unfortunate collection of physical setbacks.

Neymar's latest setback

Brazil's doctor, Rodrigo Lasmar, chose caution when evaluating Neymar's knee injury: "It could be a significant sprain, but we've conducted all the necessary tests. These next 24 hours will be crucial in assessing how the knee responds, the level of swelling, and the imaging tests that will determine a definitive diagnosis. It's too early to determine if it's a ligament injury. We await the results with patience."

MORE in MARCA
Kylie Jenner...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

Later the worst news was confirmed. Neymar had a torn ACL and meniscus, and would be out for a significant time.

After being injured, Neymar shared a religious message on his Instagram Stories with his more than 215 million followers: "This was the verse I put after the match... 'In their hearts, humans plan their course, but the Lord establishes their steps.' Proverbs 16:9. God knows all things. All honor and glory are always yours, my God, regardless of everything. I have faith."

Soccer
Brazil National Football Team - English
Neymar Jr. - English
Fútbol InternacionalNeymar nightmare scenario has been confirmed: ACL and meniscus complete tear
SoccerBrazil's nightmare continues as Neymar Jr. leaves game against Uruguay with knee injury
SoccerVenezuela shocks Brazil, halts all-time CONMEBOL home win streak
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Who is Amy Carter ? The only daugh...
Marca
Who Has the Chea pest Car Insuran...
Financebuzz
How LifeMD is Simplifying Sleep
LifeMD
Grab Workout Ready Drinkware
YETI
MD: Building Musc le After 60 Come...
Apex Labs
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/2023/10/19/653060b322601d9a638b45be.html 
 ----- 
