Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Live: New Orleans attack
Cybertruck explosion
Rose Bowl
Montenegro shooting
Sugar Bowl
SPORTS
Africa Cup preview: Crowded field of contenders jostling to dethrone Sadio Mané’s Senegal
1 of 9 |  

FILE - Senegal’s Cheikhou Kouyate kisses trophy after winning the African Cup of Nations 2022 final soccer match between Senegal and Egypt at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Feb. 6, 2022. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba)

2 of 9 |  

FILE - Senegal’s Sadio Mane gestures prior to the start of the African Cup of Nations 2022 final soccer match between Senegal and Egypt at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Feb. 6, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

3 of 9 |  

FILE - Malawi’s Francisco Madinga controls the ball during the African Cup of Nations 2022 round of 16 soccer match between Morocco and Malawi at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Jan. 25, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

4 of 9 |  

FILE - Cape Verde’s Dylan Tavares, right, and Cameroon’s Collins Fai challenge for the ball during the African Cup of Nations 2022 group A soccer match between Cape Verde and Cameron at the Olembe stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Jan. 17, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

Read More
5 of 9 |  

FILE - Morocco’s Achraf Hakimi, right, and Croatia’s Mislav Orsic challenge for the ball during the World Cup third-place playoff soccer match between Croatia and Morocco at Khalifa International Stadium in Doha, Qatar, on Dec. 17, 2022. (AP Photo/Andre Penner)

6 of 9 |  

FILE - Stuttgart’s Serhou Guirassy kicks a freekick during a German Bundesliga soccer match between FSV Mainz 05 and VfB Stuttgart in Mainz, Germany, on Sept. 16, 2023. (AP Photo/Michael Probst)

7 of 9 |  

FILE - A Senegal supporter waits for the start of the African Cup of Nations 2022 semifinal soccer match between Burkina Faso and Senegal at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Feb. 2, 2022. (AP Photo/Themba Hadebe)

8 of 9 |  

FILE - Napoli’s Victor Osimhen celebrates after scoring during the Serie A soccer match between Napoli and Sampdoria at the Diego Maradona Stadium in Naples, on June 4, 2023. (AP Photo/Andrew Medichini)

9 of 9 |  

FILE - Egypt’s Mohamed Salah, left, and Morocco’s Nayef Aguerd challenge for the ball during the African Cup of Nations 2022 quarter-final soccer match between Egypt and Morocco at the Ahmadou Ahidjo stadium in Yaounde, Cameroon, on Jan. 30, 2022. (AP Photo/Sunday Alamba)

Read More
BY  CIARÁN FAHEY
Updated 4:00 PM UTC, January 8, 2024
Share

Even for a tournament that is always unpredictable, there is an unusually large number of title contenders looking to dethrone Sadio Mané’s Senegal when the latest edition of the Africa Cup of Nations starts Saturday.

Morocco is looking to build on its unprecedented World Cup success after becoming the first African team to reach the semifinals. Seven-time champion Egypt will hope Mohammed Salah can help the team go one better after losing the 2021 Africa Cup final on penalties. Nigeria has African player of the year Victor Osimhen, Ghana is led by Mohammed Kudus as it goes for its fifth title and Ivory Coast can count on strong home support.

“This competition will be one of the strongest since I started playing in it because all the big countries are here,” said Mané, who scored the winning penalty for Senegal in the final win over Egypt in the previous edition.

The 34th edition of the biennial tournament was supposed to be played in June and July last year but was postponed to avoid Ivory Coast’s tropical rainy season.

That means it is once again being played in the middle of the European league season, forcing many top clubs to be without some of their best players for up to a month.

RELATED STORIES
Tanzania, Botswana and Mozambique grab the final qualification spots for 2025 Africa Cup
Ademola Lookman and Barbra Banda are players of the year at African soccer awards
Leverkusen forward Boniface injured on Nigeria duty again

Napoli will have to do without Osimhen, Liverpool without Salah, and German league leader Bayer Leverkusen will be without four players — Victor Boniface (Nigeria), Amine Adli (Morocco), Odilon Kossounou (Ivory Coast) and Edmond Tapsoba (Burkina Faso) — potentially undermining its bid to pip Bayern Munich to the Bundesliga title.

Safety will again be an issue after eight people were killed and 38 injured in a stadium crush at the last edition in Cameroon.

The 24-team tournament will feature six groups, with games spread across six stadiums in five cities, with the final to be played at the Alassane Ouattara Stadium in Abidjan on Feb. 12. The top two in each group and the four best third-placed teams will progress to the knockout stage.

Here is a look at the six groups.

GROUP A (IVORY COAST, NIGERIA, EQUATORIAL GUINEA, GUINEA-BISSAU)

Host nation Ivory Coast and Guinea-Bissau play the tournament’s opening game on Saturday, with Nigeria playing Equatorial Guinea the next day. Ivory Coast then hosts three-time champion Nigeria on Jan. 18 for a game that could decide which team tops the group.

Nigeria is always among the tournament favorites but hasn’t won since 2013. Osimhen will lead the “Super Eagles” on their 20th appearance, supported by a cast that includes Leverkusen’s Boniface and AC Milan’s Samuel Chukwueze.

Ivory Coast is aiming for its third title and is led by Borussia Dortmund forward Sébastien Haller, who overcame testicular cancer last year but has struggled so far this season with just two goals in 14 appearances. Sporting Lisbon’s 20-year-old defender Ousmane Diomande is a player to watch.

Equatorial Guinea and Guinea-Bissau are both making their fourth appearance at the tournament.

All the group games will be played in Abidjan, Ivory Coast’s largest city.

GROUP B (EGYPT, GHANA, CAPE VERDE, MOZAMBIQUE)

Egypt and Ghana are the heavyweights in this group, and they play each other in a potential group-decider on Jan. 18. Ghana’s “Black Stars” will be coached by former Ireland international Chris Hughton. Athletic Bilbao forward Iñaki Williams was able to join the team after recovering from illness.

Cape Verde and Mozambique are making their fourth and fifth appearances, respectively.

All games will be played in Abidjan.

GROUP C (SENEGAL, CAMEROON, GUINEA, GAMBIA)

Senegal faces a difficult task to retain its title and first has to navigate a group that includes five-time champion Cameroon.

Senegal is again led by Mané, the star of the team who missed out on the World Cup last year because of a leg injury sustained while playing for Bayern Munich shortly before the tournament in Qatar. The 31-year-old Mané has since joined Saudi Arabian team Al Nassr.

The “Indomitable Lions” of Cameroon are returning to where they won the first of their five titles in 1984, having finished third two years ago. Beşiktaş forward Vincent Aboubakar, the top scorer at the 2021 Africa Cup with eight goals, is team captain. Manchester United goalkeeper André Onana is back, having quit the team after being sent home from the World Cup following a dispute with coach Rigobert Song.

Guinea is making its 14th appearance and will be relying on Stuttgart forward Serhou Guirassy for goals after he started the season by netting 17 times in 14 Bundesliga appearances.

Gambia is making just its second appearance reaching the quarterfinals in 2021.

All games will be played in Yamoussoukro, except for Gambia vs. Cameroon on Jan. 23 in Bouaké.

GROUP D (ALGERIA, BURKINA FASO, MAURITANIA, ANGOLA)

Despite having a talented team led by former Manchester City star Riyad Mahrez, Algeria coach Djamel Belmadi has played down his team’s chances of a third Africa Cup title. Algeria exited at the group stage in the last tournament, then failed to qualify for the World Cup.

Burkina Faso is looking for its first title at the 13th attempt, led from the back by serene Leverkusen defender Edmond Tapsoba, one of the German team’s key players this season.

The “Stallions” finished fourth in 2021 after placing third at the previous tournament and runner-up in 2013.

All the games will be played in Bouaké, except Burkina Faso vs. Angola in Yamoussoukro on Jan. 23.

GROUP E (TUNISIA, MALI, SOUTH AFRICA, NAMIBIA)

Both Tunisia and South Africa are going for their second titles after wins in 2004 and 1996, respectively.

Tunisia will look to experienced captain Youssef Msakni for goals and is strong in midfield with Eintracht Frankfurt’s Ellyes Skhiri, Manchester United’s Hannibal Mejbri and Union Berlin’s Aïssa Laïdouni providing the platform for the team’s attack.

South Africa will be led by Percy Tau, a forward who plays for Egyptian club Al Ahly, while veteran Themba Zwane was included in the squad after he was initially overlooked by Belgian coach Hugo Broos.

Broos, who led Cameroon to the title in 2017, said it had been a mistake to omit the now 34-year-old Zwane when he took over the “Bafana Bafana” in May 2021, but that he had been trying to prioritize younger players at the time.

Mali is making its 13th appearance and Namibia its fourth.

The games will be played in Korhogo, except Namibia vs. Mali in San Pedro on Jan. 24.

GROUP F (MOROCCO, CONGO, ZAMBIA, TANZANIA)

After becoming the first African team to reach the World Cup semifinals in Qatar last year, Morocco is now hoping to add just its second Africa Cup title.

Walid Regragui’s team defeated Belgium, Spain and Portugal before losing to eventual finalist France at the World Cup in Qatar.

Regragui was less than six months old when the “Atlas Lions” won their only Africa Cup in 1976. Now he’s targeting a repeat, helped by Paris Saint-Germain star Achraf Hakimi from the back.

Congo is taking part for the 20th time and is bidding for a third title after wins in 1968 and 1974.

Zambia, which won the trophy in 2012, is coached by Avram Grant, who guided Ghana to the final in 2015, then fourth place two years later.

Tanzania is appearing for just the third time.

Matches will be played in San Pedro, except Tanzania vs. Congo on Jan. 24.

___

AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

CIARÁN FAHEY
Fahey is a Berlin-based reporter for The Associated Press, covering sports in Germany and beyond.
twitter
 
instagram
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Investigators believe missing Alabama toddler died months...
手術最高給付80倍 | 凱基人壽超術配手術終身保險，貼 心守護
凱基人壽
:
Advertisement
Woman owed man $400 for SUV when she and her baby were killed in Connecticut,...
NYC jail staff blocked medics from treating 23-year-old woman who died weeks later
An aspiring nurse, a football star, a single mother and a father of 2 killed in New Orlea...
Biden is giving the second highes t civilian award to the leaders ...
President Joe Biden is bestowing the second highest civilian award on Liz...
AP News
Prosecutor's review finds new suspects in 1996 double killing...
A suburban New York prosecutor says a reinvestigation has identified two suspec...
AP News
【守護家庭的超級英雄：長照保險即刻升級】
凱基人壽
Advertisement:
了解更多
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
CombatSiege
Advertisement:
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$2988現折$200】再享知名佛跳牆、經典年菜自由配95折！趕緊囤貨迎新年！
老協珍
Advertisement:
立即選購
年菜早鳥好評最後一波【全館滿$29 88現折$200】，早鳥福利只到1/3 11:00 現在下訂，年前到貨！
老協珍
Advertisement:
立即選購
台灣的平均智商為 106，參加此智力 測驗，並查看您的智商是否更高
WW IQ Test
Advertisement:
在屈臣氏買的「全效合一水凝霜」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE
Advertisement:
了解更多
機能餐桌｜耐熱、不易刮傷
1/1-2/18 滿千送百無上限，再抽北海道機票
宜得利家居
Advertisement:
了解更多
「來一片嗎？」驚！差點搶同事的來吃→這次團購我跟定了！
 原本以為就是片鍋粑，結果一吃欲罷不能，把同事給得吃光，還覬覦人家袋子裡的那幾片！【鍋粑脆餅】揪團買最划算，9種口味，每天都想來一片，一天一口味，低熱量負擔小，每天都吃得好開心٩(^ᴗ^)۶
一口鍋
Advertisement:
立即購買
抹茶奶酥冬日必吃療癒新品
鬍子國王
Advertisement:
立即選購
『這片』太好嗑！嘴巴根本停不下來啊啊啊
一口鍋
Advertisement:
立即購買
電力醫生，數據說話，精準診斷，即時監控。您的電力守護神，24小時在線！
敏尚企業
Advertisement:
了解更多
Man who kidnapped California woman in what was initially...
Prosecutors say a man who kidnapped and sexually assaulted a Northern California...
AP News
Arizona official who delayed county’s 2022 election certific...
An appeals court rejected an Arizona offici al’s argument that felony charges against...
AP News
以羊脂玉為瓷，鎏銀裝飾，百福西施壺主人杯，不只是茶具，更是藝術品。
ZenArtis【禪藝茶餐具】
Advertisement:
立即選購
You will never turn off your computer again.
CombatSiege
Advertisement:
舒適生活：60 平方米預製簡易別墅， 適合長者使用！
預製房屋 | 搜尋廣告
Advertisement:
立即搜索
The killing of an 18-year-old Ohio woman was solved with...
The cold case of Debra Lee Miller was reopened in 2021 to account for advance...
AP News
Man who died in Tesla Cybertruc k explosion was active-duty U...
The person who law enforcement officials believe died in the explosion of a Tesla...
AP News
厚釉小組套，匠心工藝與溫潤質感的完 美融合。 為你的茶時光增添一份優雅與 寧靜。
ZenArtis【禪藝茶餐具】
Advertisement:
立即選購
適合長者的 60 平方米簡易別墅，享受 悠閒生活！
預製房屋 | 搜尋廣告
Advertisement:
立即搜索
土耳其11天團團保證出發，安排中段飛機、住五星飯店
百威旅遊
Advertisement:
了解更多
by Taboola
Suggested For You
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗，並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test:Advertisement
在藥局買的「全效合一水凝霜」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE:Advertisement
了解更多
多功能工作桌｜垂直收納
宜得利家居:Advertisement
了解更多
濃抹茶Ｘ厚奶酥限量上市
鬍子國王:Advertisement
立即選購
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Accept All Cookies
Manage Your Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/africa-cup-of-nations-afcon-preview-7f6e9c2c9bb88b69775079ca2a1a7cc8 
 ----- 
