Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
'That's a push off earlier in the game': Suns' Mike Budenholzer on Julius Randle's game-winner
The NBA's last two-minute report disagreed, but determined Randle traveled before the shot.
Nolan O'Hara | Nov 18, 2024
Minnesota Timberwolves forward Julius Randle hits a game-winning 3-pointer against the Phoenix Suns as time expires in the fourth quarter at Target Center in Minneapolis on Nov. 17, 2024. / Nick Wosika-Imagn Images
In this story:
Minnesota Timberwolves

Julius Randle thrilled the sold-out Target Center crowd when his 3-pointer at the buzzer lifted the Timberwolves to a 130-127 victory over the Phoenix Suns Sunday afternoon in Minneapolis. Not everyone was so thrilled about the shot.

Suns coach Mike Budenholzer felt there should have been a push-off foul called on Randle. On the game-winning play, Randle caught the ball well beyond the 3-point arc with Josh Okogie in close coverage. Randle took a dribble and stepped back, brushing up against Okogie, who subsequently fell to the floor. The result was a wide-open 3-pointer for Randle.

"Credit to Randle. He made a tough shot," Budenholzer told reporters postgame. "That's a push off earlier in the game. That's not called a push off late, so that can be frustrating. Consistency from the start of the game to the end of the game, it's gotta be the same. But Josh and the group executed, and Randle hit a tough shot."

The NBA reviews all field goals made with no time left on the clock, according to Rule No. 13. Randle's shot was reviewed, and officials are able to review the play for "any unsportsman like acts or unnecessary contact," but the rule does not outline that an offensive foul can be retroactively assessed after video review. The call stood as a made 3 for Randle.

The NBA's last two-minute report concluded that the no-call on the push off from Randle was the correct call as the push didn't affect Okogie, however, it also determined that Randle lifted his pivot foot before dribbling, which should have been a travel call. Had the travel been called, the Suns would have gained possession with about 2.2 seconds left on the clock.

Published Nov 18, 2024
NOLAN O'HARA

Home
/
Minnesota Timberwolves Reactions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/timberwolves/minnesota-timberwolves-reactions/that-s-a-push-off-earlier-in-the-game-suns-mike-budenholzer-on-julius-randle-s-game-winner-01jd036tdpcs 
 ----- 
