Skip to content
Subscribe Now
15°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSNBAMINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES
Timberwolves are scraping out victories while searching for a rhythm
Minnesota Timberwolves Julius Randle smiles during an interview after his 3-point winning basket defeated the Phoenix Suns as time expired at an NBA basketball game Sunday, Nov. 17, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Bruce Kluckhohn)
By JACE FREDERICK | jfrederick@pioneerpress.com | Pioneer Press
PUBLISHED: November 18, 2024 at 9:31 PM CST

The Timberwolves have been far from impressive through 14 games this season. Sunday’s victory over Phoenix certainly won’t hang in the Louvre.

There are lengthy periods of forgettable basketball flush with defensive lapses and/or ill-timed turnovers, many of which are the result of poor decision-making.

The general teeth of the team aren’t nearly as sharp as the bite exhibited a season ago. And yet Minnesota still currently stands at 8-6 and is the owner of consecutive victories. The Wolves are taking solace in that. Minnesota led for just 15 seconds of Sunday’s win over Phoenix, but its name was on top at the very end.

The Wolves’ current play is ugly, but effective enough.

“Guys found a way to hang in there,” Wolves coach Chris Finch said. “It’s a little bit of a microcosm of our season so far. We just got to find a way to keep battling and eking out some results until we can catch the rhythm that we know is there.”

What does that rhythm look like?

“Well, I would hope defensive consistency, for sure,” Finch said. “A little smarter play. We have opportunities to take control of the game, seize the game, capitalize. We just have a few too many ill-advised turnovers, still. Our turnover numbers are down, but we had some unfortunately-timed ones (Sunday).”

The idea is that time will fix all.

There’s merit in the belief. Minnesota struggled mightily for an entire season after trading for Rudy Gobert, then reached the Western Conference finals a year later. Even the LeBron James, super-team Heat struggled out of the gates in LeBron’s first season in Miami, and failed to win the NBA title in Year 1.

And Rudy Gobert noted it can be difficult to gauge where things are at when the teams is in the midst of difficult travel schedules. The Wolves all noted they were slow from the tip Sunday because it was an afternoon game fresh off a west coast road trip, though Phoenix was playing on the tail end of its own trip.

Gobert likes that the Wolves continue to find ways to win regardless of general performance. If the first 14 games have been one giant test of adversity, the Wolves have delivered a passing grade. That’s better than the alternative.

“I can feel when I look at the schedule, this stretch might be tough or this is one stretch that’s supposed to be really tough, physically, mentally and I like that we don’t find excuses, keep competing and even in the games,” Gobert said. “Obviously we lost the two in Portland, but even in Sacramento when we’re up 20, then we get flat and we’re down four, a lot of teams would fold in that situation. We did not fold. We refocused and we won that game, and (Sunday) is the same. Down 10, I think in the second half, and we didn’t fold.

“So for me, that’s what matters is that our mindset is still always going, always competing, always resilient. Then we get better, figure it out. We have guys that wanna win. We have a lot of talent in this room and I think we’ll keep re-finding our identity defensively, and once we do that, everything else is gonna click.”

RELATED ARTICLES
Timberwolves lock in defensively to top Pelicans in New Orleans
Anthony Edwards powers Timberwolves to comeback win over Clippers
Timberwolves’ starting lineup won’t change, so its play must
Anthony Edwards scores career-high 53 points … in blowout loss to Pistons
Rob Dillingham out at least a week with ankle injury, Wolves claim Tristen Newton

Around the Web
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Ribili
A 65-yr-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
A Bathroom Upgrade You Didn't Know You Needed 
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Tired of Knotted Pet Hair? Discover a Painless Solution for Home Grooming
Glosrity
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Why Do Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear to My Mam?
Libiyi
Discover The Perfect Cordless Table Lamp for Your Salt Lake City Home
Ribili
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Salt Lake City: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Salt Lake City Drivers Rave About Nighttime Headlight Glasses
Ribili
Cruise Ship Encounters Pirates - Watch What the Captain Does Next!
Happy in Shape
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
Salt Lake City: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts
Utah Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Early Signals of Tardive Dyskinesia That Many People Tend to Ignore! (See More!)
Tardive | Search Ads
Take A Look At Jack Nicholson's Disgusting Home
Rank Upwards
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
HealthToday
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
If You Have Vertigo Dizziness, Watch This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Nail Fungus? Do This Immediately (Watch How)
WellnessGaze Derma
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
What Really Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? Prepare to Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Seniors With Swollen Legs & Feet (Edema): Do This Once, Daily
WellnessGaze Edema
10 Worst Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Salt Lake City Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Hidden Dangers of Psoriatic Arthritis - Don't Wait Until It's Too Late!
Psoriatic Arthritis
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Jr Day Strength to Love T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Easy Belly Fat Removal in Salt Lake City - No Surgery Needed! (See Prices)
Fat Removal
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
White Bear Lake tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Minnesota attorney general charges Twin Cities man in $7.3 million Medicaid fraud case
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years days before term ends
Vikings sign Daniel Jones to active roster, waive Brett Rypien
Doctors worry that iodine deficiency — a dietary problem from the past — is coming back
St. Paul’s second-largest homeless encampment given nine days to move
Trump, the ‘America First’ candidate, has a new preoccupation: Imperialism
Man gets probation for trying to steal tip jar from St. Paul restaurant with steak knife
TRENDING NATIONALLY
5 dead in California fire as it explodes to 10,600 acres — 100 structures burned
Jimmy Carter federal holiday: What’s open, what’s closed Jan. 9 for National Day of Mourning
Gas and weed and go? Judge says Florida regulators were OK nipping plan in the bud
Tattoo artist sentenced to federal prison for buying and selling stolen body parts
Trump blames Newsom for Southern California wildfires, governor’s office pushes back on facts
MORE IN MINNESOTA TIMBERWOLVES
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Timberwolves lock in defensively to top Pelicans in New Orleans
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Anthony Edwards powers Timberwolves to comeback win over Clippers
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Timberwolves’ starting lineup won’t change, so its play must
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Anthony Edwards scores career-high 53 points … in blowout loss to Pistons
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Rob Dillingham out at least a week with ankle injury, Wolves claim Tristen Newton
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Jace Frederick: It’s time for Anthony Edwards to ditch the loser talk
2024
November
18
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2024/11/18/timberwolves-are-scraping-out-victories-while-searching-for-a-rhythm/ 
 ----- 
