MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Towns returns with 26 points and 15 rebounds to lead the Knicks past the Nets 114-104
Updated Nov. 17, 2024 9:44 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

NEW YORK (AP) — Karl-Anthony Towns returned from a one-game absence with 26 points, 15 rebounds and six assists, and the New York Knicks completed a two-game weekend sweep of the Brooklyn Nets with a 114-104 victory on Sunday night.

OG Anunoby had 24 points and eight rebounds for the Knicks, who were without Towns because of a bruised left knee when they beat the Nets 124-122 on Friday on Jalen Brunson's 3-pointer with 6.2 seconds remaining.

Mikal Bridges added 21 points and Josh Hart had 20 points, eight rebounds and eight assists for the Knicks, who beat their city rivals for the eighth straight time. Brunson finished with just 12 points, shooting 3 for 14, but had 10 assists.

Cam Johnson scored 22 points for the Nets, who dropped their third straight.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Nets: Forced by injuries to currently use the 6-foot-7 Dorian Finney-Smith as their starting center, the Nets didn't have much ability to defend the 7-foot Towns or even the 6-7 Anunoby, who scored 49 points in the two games.

Knicks: The Knicks won't have many nights where they can win fairly easily without much scoring from Brunson, but their size and defense just overwhelmed the Nets.

Key moment

Brunson didn't have a basket until making a jumper with 9:11 left in the third quarter. He had another one in what became a 12-4 spurt that extended a two-point lead to 76-66, and New York kept the advantage at or near double digits most of the way from there.

What Is a Family Trust, and How Do You Set One Up?
SmartAsset|Sponsored
Bill Belichick reportedly garnering NFL interest after accepting UNC job
Bill Belichick said he didn't take the UNC job just "to leave." But that isn't stopping NFL teams from potentially asking him to do that.
7 Ways to Retire Comfortably With $1M
How long will your portfolio last in retirement? For those with a $1 million portfolio, get this guide to learn more.
Fisher Investments|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Key stat

The Knicks held Cam Thomas to 16 points on 4-for-11 shooting after he scored a season-high 43 Friday, his second straight game with 40 or more at Madison Square Garden.

Up next

The Knicks host Washington on Monday, and the Nets host Charlotte on Tuesday before both go on the road through Thanksgiving.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
New York Knicks
Karl-Anthony Towns
National Basketball Association
Dorian Finney-Smith
Josh Hart
Mikal Bridges
Jalen Brunson
Brooklyn Nets
New York Knicks
NBA - Brooklyn Nets vs. New York Knicks - 11/18/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/towns-returns-with-26-points-and-15-rebounds-to-lead-the-knicks-past-the-nets-114104 
 ----- 
