Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Cora implies Red Sox threw at Judge, now ready to 'move on'
Share
Cora implies Red Sox threw at Judge, now ready to 'move on'
September 15th, 2024

Ian Browne

@IanMBrowne
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK -- Following his team’s 7-1 victory over the Yankees on Saturday, Red Sox manager Alex Cora was adamant in his belief that Gerrit Cole hit Rafael Devers on purpose in his first at-bat, three innings before the Yankees ace stunningly walked Devers intentionally with the bases empty and one out.

When asked Sunday if he considered the situation “a closed case,” Cora gave a candid answer.

“Yeah,” Cora said prior to his team’s 5-2 loss to the Yankees. “It was closed yesterday, like, around the sixth inning, so you know, we had our chance. It didn't happen. We have to move on.”

In the bottom of the sixth inning, Red Sox righty Brayan Bello threw a pitch that went behind Yankees star slugger Aaron Judge and missed hitting him.

Cora had conversations with both Judge and Boone between the end of Saturday’s game and the start of Sunday’s.

“It was a good convo. I'll kind of keep it at that,” said Judge. “You play this game for a while, things like that happen. I know they're upset that three of their guys got hit that day, and I think they're just protecting their players.

“So something's got to happen, and that's the way this game kind of gets policed. It's been policed for over 100 years. So I think the biggest thing is, just don't miss when you do it."

Cora considers Boone one of his best friends, as they used to work together at ESPN. While there is no bad blood between them, it’s clear they didn’t quite see eye to eye on this one.

“We talked, and there's two ways of seeing it, right? Their dugout and our dugout,” said Cora. “And, like I told him, ‘Put yourself in our shoes and you will understand why we feel this way.’ We’ll leave it at that.”

"Yeah, that's not allowed,” Boone said after Sunday’s game, when apprised of what Cora said prior to the game regarding the pitch that almost hit Judge. “That's for somebody else to deal with. So we're finished playing with them for now. So we're on to Seattle now. But you can't do that.”

Unless the 75-75 Red Sox make a miracle run in the last 12 games of the season, the rivals won’t meet up again until 2025.

Boone also addressed the situation in his meeting with reporters prior to Sunday’s game.

Related
Red Sox reach deals with pitching trio; Duran could be headed to arbitration

2:57 AM UTC

Hendriks kicks off closer competition at frigid Fenway

January 9th, 2025

Boston in 'a bit of a stretch' as Bello, bats, gloves can't sync up

September 3rd, 2024

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Steinbrenner addresses Yanks' hot topics at Owners Meetings

November 21st, 2024

Here is the 2024 'All-Awardless' team

December 1st, 2024

"First of all, I would say Gerrit was not throwing at him,” said Boone. “I have a lot of respect for Alex and think he's great at what he does. I think it's also a manager that's using that moment a little bit to rally his troops a little bit as they're fighting for their playoff lives.

“They're playing for a lot over there, and I think this is an opportunity to galvanize them a little bit. I think [there is] probably a little gamesmanship to it. So that's part of it. Today is an important day for us. It's an important day for them. We have a chance to finish off a really good homestand, and that's kind of where our focus is."

The Yankees stayed focused on their task, winning for the third time in four days against their rivals, who left town on the brink of falling out of contention.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Boston Red Sox
Brayan Bello
Aaron Judge
Gerrit Cole
Rafael Devers

Supervising Club Reporter Ian Browne has covered the Red Sox for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/alex-cora-discusses-rafael-devers-aaron-judge 
 ----- 
