MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
MLB investigating Red Sox manager Alex Cora after suggesting team tried hitting Aaron Judge on purpose: Source
By Chris Kirschner and Jen McCaffrey
Sep 15, 2024

183

NEW YORK — Saturday’s drama between the New York Yankees and the Boston Red Sox appeared as if it might carry over into the final game of the season between the two rivals, thanks to some pre-game comments from Red Sox manager Alex Cora.

The game itself, however, remained tame, as the Yankees pulled out a 5-2 victory, taking three of four from the Red Sox.

Prior to the game, Cora insinuated that starting pitcher Brayan Bello purposefully threw at Yankees superstar Aaron Judge in the sixth inning on Saturday as revenge for Gerrit Cole hitting Rafael Devers in the first. Cora was asked if he considered Saturday’s Devers’ intentional walk and hit-by-pitch incident a closed case.

“It was closed yesterday around the sixth inning,” Cora said. “We had our chance. It didn’t happen and we have to move on.”

Bello threw a 97.4 mph sinker behind Judge’s back on a 0-0 count; he then threw a 97.2 mph four-seam fastball far inside and off the plate.

“It’s baseball. He missed,” Judge said after Sunday’s game when asked about Cora’s comments. “Nothing I can do about it besides take it and go to first. It is what it is.”

Cora said he spoke with Judge after Saturday’s game and called it a “professional” conversation, but neither he nor Judge would divulge what was discussed.

“It was a good convo, we’ll kind of keep it at that,” Judge said.

MLB is reviewing the matter, a league source confirmed Monday.

On Sunday, Judge’s two-run homer in the third gave the Yankees a 4-0 lead. As he headed toward first, the Yankees slugger carried his bat nearly the entire way down the first-base line.

“It’s a big homer. We’re playing the Red Sox. This is a big rival, big game, big moment. I’m just having some fun with it there,” he said.

The homer helped squash any momentum the Red Sox were hoping to gain from the Saturday win.

The Pulse Newsletter

Free, daily sports updates direct to your inbox.

Sign Up

Yankees manager Aaron Boone said on Sunday that he believes Cora was playing up the moment to help provide a spark for a team outside the postseason picture.

“I think it’s a manager that’s using that moment to rally his troops a little bit as they’re fighting for their playoff lives,” Boone said. “They’re playing for a lot over there. And I think it’s an opportunity to kind of galvanize them a little bit. Probably a little gamesmanship to it. So that’s part of it.”

Prior to Sunday’s loss, Cora had expressed hope that the Saturday drama would serve as springboard for his club. But Boston now sits 4 1/2 games back of the third American League wild-card spot while New York owns a three-game lead in first place in the AL East.

“I was talking to a veteran today, if this happens (making the playoffs), we’re going to look back at (Saturday) and we’re probably going to thank Gerrit Cole to get us going to be honest with you,” Cora said. “And hopefully it happens. Hopefully we can face them in the playoffs because he will have to pitch. But, we still have a long way. I’m not promising we’re going to make it to the playoffs, but if we do, I think everybody’s going to look back at Saturday and hopefully it happens.” 

Required reading
Red Sox blast Yankees’ Gerrit Cole’s strategy to walk Rafael Devers: ‘He showed a lot of weakness’
Gerrit Cole’s strategy against Rafael Devers backfires: ‘He doesn’t want to face him’
Which MLB contenders have the hardest road to the playoffs? Let’s break down the schedules

(Photo: Ed Zurga / Getty Images)

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5768647/2024/09/15/alex-cora-brayan-bello-aaron-judge-red-sox-yankees/ 
 ----- 
