Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Red Sox Show Their True Colors In Back-Breaking Loss To Yankees
This team can't get out of its own way...
Jackson Roberts | Sep 15, 2024
Sep 15, 2024; Bronx, New York, USA; Boston Red Sox starting pitcher Kutter Crawford (50) pitches in the first inning against the New York Yankees at Yankee Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images / Wendell Cruz-Imagn Images
In this story:
Boston Red Sox

After Saturday's emotionally charged win, there seemed to be time for one last gasp in the Boston Red Sox's 2024 season.

It lasted for all of 24 hours.

In a painful 5-2 loss at Yankee Stadium on Sunday afternoon, the Red Sox made all their usual mistakes. You can't do that against your arch-rivals, and the New York Yankees were happy to take all the gifts the Red Sox gave them en route to the win.

First, starting pitcher Kutter Crawford allowed the home run ball to bite him once again. Gleyber Torres clipped him on a short porch job in the bottom of the third, then Aaron Judge unloaded on a middle-middle fastball for a 445-foot moonblast off the restaurant in deep center field.

Crawford has now allowed 33 home runs this season, including 19 after the All-Star break. No other pitcher has allowed more than 29 for the year, nor more than 14 since the intermission.

Then, Boston continually failed to capitalize with runners in scoring position. They went 0-for-9 in those situations, including a crucial opportunity with Connor Wong on third and one out in the top of the sixth. As insult to injury, Jarren Duran grounded into one last double play to end it with runners on first and second.

The Red Sox have the second-most strikeouts as a team with runners in scoring position this season (372), behind only the Milwaukee Brewers. Their .252 team batting average in such situations ranks 17th.

Then, as the cherry on top, the Boston defense let them down one more time this season. Second baseman Romy González booted a routine double play ball that could have ended the bottom of the seventh. Giancarlo Stanton's ensuing sac fly gifted the Yankees a vital insurance run.

It was the Red Sox's 108th error of the season, two more than the second-worst team, the Miami Marlins.

The loss dropped the Red Sox back to .500 at 75-75, and 4 1/2 games behind the Minnesota Twins for a Wild Card spot with only 12 games to play.

Sunday's game will ultimately represent the story of the 2024 Red Sox--a team that had the talent to make a playoff appearance, but couldn't stay out of their own way.

And worst of all, the Red Sox had a chance to assert themselves the day after talking a whole bunch of smack about the Yankees in the postgame press conference. Manager Alex Cora even continued the smack talk into Sunday morning, saying Gerrit Cole might have galvanized his team's playoff run.

There will be no playoff run for Cora and his team. For the third year in a row, they've played themselves out of contention when the league gave them every opportunity to stay in the hunt.

More MLB: Why Red Sox Could Soon Be Thanking Yankees' Gerrit Cole, Per Alex Cora

Published Sep 15, 2024|Modified Sep 15, 2024
JACKSON ROBERTS

Jackson Roberts is a former Division III All-Region DH who now writes and talks about sports for a living. A Bay Area native and a graduate of Swarthmore College and the Newhouse School at Syracuse University, Jackson makes his home in North Jersey. He grew up rooting for the Red Sox, Patriots, and Warriors, and he recently added the Devils to his sports fandom mosaic. For all business/marketing inquiries regarding Boston Red Sox On SI, please reach out to Scott Neville: scott@wtfsports.org

Home
/
Boston Red Sox News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/red-sox/boston-red-sox-news/red-sox-show-their-true-colors-in-back-breaking-loss-to-yankees-jackson3 
 ----- 
