Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
OKC Takes Down Portland on the Road, Maintains Undefeated Record
Another consistent overall performance earned the Thunder its fifth win of the season, keeping a zero in the loss column.
Michael Stamps | Nov 2, 2024
Nov 1, 2024; Portland, Oregon, USA; Oklahoma City Thunder guard/forward Jalen Williams (8) drives to the basket against Portland Trailblazers center Deandre Ayton (2) and forward Deni Avdija (8) during the first quarter at Moda Center. Mandatory Credit: Brian Murphy-Imagn Images / Brian Murphy-Imagn Images
In this story:
Oklahoma City Thunder
Portland Trail Blazers

Looking to keep its undefeated streak alive, the OKC Thunder defeated the Portland Trailblazers by a final score of 137-14. With the hard-fought road victory, OKC improved to 5-0 while Portland dropped to 2-3.

OKC's final result relied on the performances of forward Jalen Williams and guard Shai Gilgeous-Alexander, with Williams finishing with 22 points on 8-for-12 shooting and Gilgeous-Alexander with 30 points on 12-for-18 shooting.

Gilgeous-Alexander, Williams and forward Chet Holmgren helped the Thunder get out to a quick lead, giving the matchup the appearance of a blowout. That would not be the case, but the quick start for OKC was certainly helpful.

The first quarter went about as well as it could for OKC, leading 37-24 at its end. With 9:32 remaining in the second quarter, OKC looked like it would run away with it, leading 44-29. Gilgeous-Alexander and OKC's bench depth were efficiently scoring on offense and limiting what Portland could do through its defense. The Trailblazers flipped a switch around halfway through the quarter, led by center DeAndre Ayton, forward Deni Avdija and guard Anfernee Simons.

Portland's trio brought the game to within three points nearing the end of the quarter and took the lead thanks to a triple from second-year guard Scoot Henderson. He did not have his best game of the early season, finishing with only eight points on inefficient 3-for-8 shooting. The former second-overall pick is now coming off the bench for Portland, looking to recapture his role as a starter.

The two battled back and forth for most of the third quarter and OKC kept trying to pull away but couldn't manage it. OKC's defense, which has been arguably the best in the NBA to start the new season, completely struggled in this third quarter to stop Portland's scorers. The Trailblazers are full of talented isolation scorers and made that point known in the third quarter, thanks to the likes of the Simons and forward Jerami Grant.

Two-point buckets from forward Lu Dort and guard Aaron Wiggins finally gave OKC a cushion, leading 87-78 with 4:15 remaining. After that point, the Thunder began getting its looks on offense in order to increase its lead. They scored 19 points in the final four minutes of the quarter to bring its lead to 21 points, putting the game far out of reach for Portland to claw back.

In classic blowout fashion, OKC got to empty its bench in the fourth quarter. Isaiah Joe and Cason Wallace became the two leaders on the court and continued to enhance the lead, with help from rookie guard Ajay Mitchell and forward Ousmane Dieng.

Recent signee Malevy Leons, the former Bradley Brave, got his first action of the regular season late in the quarter. He finished with only one rebound and one assist in two minutes, still gaining valuable experience.

Another one of OKC's rookies, forward Dillon Jones, saw the floor against Portland. He's struggled to do through the Thunder's first four games and made the most of it, finishing with five points and two boards on 2-for-3 shooting.

Leading the way for Portland was Grant, recording 17 points on 5-for-11 shooting. Off the bench for Portland, french guard Rayan Rupert posted 14 points on 5-for-8 shooting in only 20 minutes of game time.

After improving to 5-0 on the season, OKC plays at 9:30 p.m. PDT on Saturday, Nov. 2 at the Intuit Dome against the Los Angeles Clippers.

Want to join the discussion? Like Thunder on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Thunder news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 2, 2024|Modified Nov 2, 2024
MICHAEL STAMPS

Michael is a sophomore from Papillion, NE who is currently a student at the University of Missouri studying journalism. He covers the university’s football program at Missouri Tigers on SI and is the co-sports editor for The Maneater, the student publication for the university.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/thunder/news/okc-takes-down-portland-on-the-road-maintains-undefeated-record 
 ----- 
