Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS
Trail Blazers’ 4th-quarter rally falls short during loss at Suns
Updated: Nov. 02, 2024, 10:38 p.m.|Published: Nov. 02, 2024, 9:48 p.m.

Portland Trail Blazers guard Anfernee Simons (1) drives between Phoenix Suns guard Tyus Jones (21) and center Jusuf Nurkic (20) during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri) APAP

By Aaron Fentress | The Oregonian/OregonLive

The Portland Trail Blazers came back from down 22 points to start the fourth quarter at the Phoenix Suns, drawing to within two points with under a minute remaining before ultimately falling 103-97.

The Blazers trailed 101-97 with 21 seconds remaining when Anfernee Simons missed a three-pointer. The Suns got the rebound but Deni Avdija stole the ball from Devin Booker near the Blazers' basket. Avdija had a clear shot at a layup but missed.

0:00
/
1:06
Keep Watching
'Who knows the level he can reach?' - Ancelotti praise for Mbappe as Real Madrid ease into Spanish Super Cup final'Who knows the level he can reach?' - Ancelotti praise for Mbappe as Real Madrid ease into Spanish Super Cup final

Booker grabbed the rebound, was fouled and made both free throws to give the Suns a 103-97 lead with 4.1 seconds remaining.

The Blazers might have experienced a sense of Déjà vu during the game.

For the second consecutive night, the Blazers hung tough with an NBA title contender only to crumble in the third quarter.

On Friday night against the Oklahoma City Thunder (6-0), the Blazers used a blistering second quarter to rally from 15 points down and tie the game at 68-68 at halftime. But in the third quarter, the Blazers committed 12 turnovers, fell behind 106-85 to start the fourth quarter and lost 137-114.

Against the Suns (5-1), the Blazers used a hot second quarter to turn an 11-point deficit in the second quarter to lead 47-43 at halftime.

Then, in the third quarter, the Blazers shot just 1 of 11 on threes while the Suns shot 60.7% from the field and 9 of 18 on threes to win the quarter, 44-18 and take an 87-65 lead into the fourth quarter.

Phoenix Suns guard Devin Booker shields the ball from Portland Trail Blazers forward Jerami Grant (9) during the second half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024, in Phoenix. Phoenix won 103-97. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri) APAP

This time, however, the Blazers did not go away. Instead, they chipped away at the Suns' lead and trailed 97-89 with 2:07 to go when Simons hit a three-pointer.

“I just thought we laid it on the line and did what we needed to do,” Blazers coach Chauncey Billups told reporters at the Footprint Center. “Another tough third quarter for us, but man, we came out and really got ourselves back in the game.”

The Blazers got to within 97-94 with 1:33 remaining after a Dalano Banton dunk followed by an Avdija three-point basket.

Phoenix guard Devin Booker answered with a jumper and then Banton hit a three to trim the Suns’ lead to 99-97 with 1:04 to go.

Bradley Beal missed a jumper for the Suns and then Banton missed a three-point attempt. Kevin Durant grabbed the rebound and passed to Tyus Jones with 21 seconds remaining.

He made both free throws, setting up the Blazers' final shot attempts, which both fell short.

“One of those shots go in, you never know what can happen,” Billups said. “But I’m proud of our guys for just hanging in. We we’re on the second half of a tough back-to-back … We got hit with a big blow in that third quarter and just kind of stuck together. This is what you want. You want the guys to stick together and just chip away.”

Simons, cleared to play after injuring his left arm against the Thunder, and Jerami Grant each scored 20 points to lead the Blazers. Banton came off the bench to score 12 points on 5-of-7 shooting all in the fourth quarter.

Booker led the Suns with 28 points and Durant scored 21.

The Blazers took 111 shots, making 37 (33.3%). The Suns shot 35 of 93 (37.6%), but had 29 assists compared to 17 for the Blazers.

WHAT IT MEANS

The Blazers (2-5), playing the second game of a back-to-back on the road, had every excuse to throw in the towel after the third quarter. However, they overcame fatigue to make a push that demonstrated their determination, which is what coach Billups ahs demanded from his team even when defeat was likely.

“We just never caved in, in the game,” Billups said.

Portland Trail Blazers center Deandre Ayton, right, looks to shoot over Phoenix Suns forward Kevin Durant (35) during the first half of an NBA basketball game, Saturday, Nov. 2, 2024, in Phoenix. (AP Photo/Rick Scuteri) APAP

AYTON FOR THREE

Ayton made 1 of 2 threes in the game.

In the third quarter, Ayton received a pass from Grant and didn’t hesitate to launch the three-point shot that reduced the Suns’ lead to 54-52 with 9:39 on the clock.

Ayton is now 3 of 8 (37.5%) from beyond the arc this season.

UGLY FIRST HALF

Both teams shot horribly in the first half. The Suns led by as much as 11 in the second quarter before the Blazers closed out the quarter by outscoring the Suns 29-14 the rest of the way to lead 47-43 at halftime.

The Blazers shot 29.8% from the field in the first half while the Suns hit on 27.3% of their shots. But the Blazers made 6 of 10 three-point shots to fuel their comeback in the second quarter.

NEXT UP

The Blazers play at the New Orleans Pelicans (3-3) at 6:30 p.m. Monday.

LATEST BLAZERS NEWS
Trail Blazers’ Donovan Clingan gets first double-double since November
Trail Blazers’ Chauncey Billups annoyed by ‘cheap shot’ late in Dallas loss
Trail Blazers falter late, lose at Mavericks
Trail Blazers will become first professional team to feature OneCourt’s haptic display
Tipoff for Trail Blazers game in Dallas moved up due to weather conditions

-- Aaron Fentress | afentress@Oregonian.com | @AaronJFentress (Twitter), @AaronJFentress (Instagram), @AaronFentress (Facebook)

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Our Journalists
About OregonLive.com
Contact The Newsroom
Technical Support
Search Our Archives
Advertise With Us
Subscribe to The Oregonian
Subscriber Services
Digital Subscription FAQ
Delivery Opportunities
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
The Oregonian
eNewspaper
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
Read More Top News
Today's Top News
Politics
Crime
Business
Commuting
Weather
Education
Homes & Gardens
Letters to the Editor
Video
Environment
Tom Hallman
Special Sections
Here is Oregon
Sports
High School Sports
Ducks
Beavers
Trail Blazers
Timbers
Thorns
Recruiting News
Entertainment
Travel
TV & Movies
Eat, Drink, Cook
Comics
Archives
Your Regional News Pages
Portland
Washington County
Clackamas County
Clark County
Pacific Northwest
Follow Us
Email Newsletters
News on Alexa or Google Home
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
Tablet apps
More on OregonLive.com
Place an Ad
Autos
Jobs
Sponsor Content
Post a Job
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.oregonlive.com/blazers/2024/11/trail-blazers-4th-quarter-rally-falls-short-during-loss-at-suns.html 
 ----- 
