NEWS
NEWS
POLITICS
SENATE BEAT
THESIS CHRIST
FEATURES
ENTERTAINMENT
ENTERTAINMENT
CREATURE OF THE WEEK
HOROSCOPES
COMICS
OPINION
OPINION
EDITORIALS
LETTER TO THE EDITORS
HCC FROM HOME
SUBMIT
ARTICLES
OVERHEARD
QUETHICS
ABOUT
ABOUT
FAQ
POLICIES
SUBMIT
CONTACT
BYLAWS
SEARCH
Events Calendar 11/01/24

Parent & Family Weekend ( @ None)

Parent & Family Weekend is a time to visit campus, enjoy talks, attend performances, and other family-friendly activities. It is also the perfect occasion to experience the rich array of student opportunities and resources Reed has to offer, while also spending quality time with your student. Check out the schedule of events. Activities will begin Friday afternoon and will conclude on Saturday. Register now!

Parent & Family Weekend Tours ( @ None)

Parent & Family Weekend available tours:  Campus Tours Friday: 11/1 @ 3pm Saturday: 11/2 @ 11am No registration required; meet at the Eliot entrance to the Admission Office. Reactor Tours Friday: 11/1 @ 1, 2:30, & 4pm Saturday: 11/2 @ 11:30am & 1pm  Reed is the only liberal arts college in the world that has a nuclear research reactor, and it’s staffed primarily by undergrads at that. Want to meet some student operators? Want to learn why our reactor can't melt down? Want to learn about what we actually do with the reactor? Here’s your chance to find out all about Reed’s reactor. Maximum of 30 people per tour.  Registration required; meet in the chemistry lobby

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

The Cooley Gallery, Reed College, and Ditch Projects (Springfield) present the exhibition Tender, part of the Portland Institute for Contemporary Art’s 2024 Time-Based Art Festival. Tender is the nature of this dyadic exhibition comprised of newly commissioned installations and stochastic works by longtime educators and colleagues Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert.  For the artists, Tender is a healing endeavor. Both Gilbert and Hebert are in the process of negotiating their recovery from debilitating illness, injury, and the tragic loss of loved ones. Reading, listening, and touch are as essential to the exhibition as visual observation. Tender provides an opportunity for the artists to recount and transform their experiences—some caused or exacerbated by the pandemic—offering them with a desire for shared healing.   Hannah Arendt described her experience of philosophical thought as “. . . a palpating tenderness toward the things of the world.” The wild beauty of the installation springs from the artists’ emotional attunement, and their embrace of the natural world within their work. Gilbert and Hebert ritualize and play with the vulnerability that has reshaped their lives.

Let's Celebrate Day of the Dead (10:00am to 12:00pm @ Library, Library Lobby)

LSU and the Library invite you to come celebrate Day of the Dead! We will have an ofrenda in the library lobby as well as crafts, music, and snacks (pan de muerto and hot chocolate). Come experience community as we honor our loved ones who have passed on from this world.

Biology Seminar: Dr. Stephanie Porter (12:00pm to 12:50pm @ Biology, Biology 19)

"The Evolutionary Genomics of Adaptation to Stress in Wild Rhizobium Bacteria" Microbiota comprise the bulk of life’s diversity, yet we know little about how populations of microbes adapt to stresses across natural landscapes. We use comparative genomics and genetics to elucidate the evolutionary mechanisms of adaptation to physiologically stressful serpentine soils in rhizobial bacteria in western North American grasslands. In vitro experiments demonstrate that the gain of a locus of major effect, the nre operon, is necessary and sufficient to confer adaptation to nickel, a heavy metal enriched to toxic levels in serpentine soil. However, different nre alleles confer distinct levels of nickel resistance, suggesting allelic substitution could also play a role in rhizobium adaptation to serpentine soil. Thus, the interplay between evolution via gene gain and loss and evolution via allelic substitution are both important to adaptive diversity in microbes and for improving stress-adapted microbial inocula for human use. Dr. Stephanie Porter's research seeks to explain how cooperation is maintained in the symbiosis between plants and rhizobium bacteria, which is responsible for half of all current biologically fixed terrestrial nitrogen 11:50 am- Snacks & Socializing noon- Talk Begins

Music at Noon Recital Series (12:00pm to 1:00pm @ Performing Arts Building, Atrium)

Bring your lunch and join us for a noontime recital in the Performing Arts Building Atrium featuring Reed music students and faculty. This is a relaxed event so you may sit wherever you'd like on any of three atrium floors as the sound will be marvelous no matter where you are. Come for a few minutes or stay for the whole program--it's up to you! Admission is free.

Parent & Family Weekend Exploration Session: Hum 110 and Beyond: A Conference for Parents and Families (1:00pm to 1:50pm @ Various classrooms)

Join a faculty led humanities conference and discussion of the curriculum beyond the first year experience. All exploration sessions are designed to engage both first year and upper classmen parents. Room assignments will be assigned onsite at check-in (Kaul Auditorium) prior to the start of the event. Space is limited, session availability is first come first serve.

Parent & Family Weekend: A Reed Education (2:00pm to 2:45pm @ Kaul Auditorium, Gray Lounge)

Join us for a discussion of Reed's academic program, what a liberal arts education means at Reed, and how we help your student develop into a scholar. Former Dean of the Faculty and Walter Mintz Professor of Greek, Latin, and Ancient Mediterranean Studies, and Humanities, Nigel Nicholson, will lead a discussion of three subjects: supporting Reed's high-quality teaching; scaffolding students' learning; and making independent research a central component of student learning.

Parent & Family Weekend: Calligraphy Scriptorium (2:00pm to 4:00pm @ Trillium Multipurpose Room)*

Calligraphy Scriptorium* Scriptorium is organized by Gregory MacNaughton ’89, education outreach and Calligraphy Initiative coordinator of the Douglas F. Cooley Memorial Art Gallery. Founded by Cooley Director Stephanie Snyder '91, the Calligraphy Initiative was made possible by a generous alumni donation in honor of Lloyd J. Reynolds.

These events are open to the Reed community and to parents who are interested in attending during Parent Family Weekend. Please note, some events may have limited space and/or require advance registration.

Parent & Family Weekend: Faculty Research Showcase (3:00pm to 4:00pm @ Kaul Auditorium, Gray Lounge)

Come learn what our faculty are up to as researchers. Three faculty members from different disciplines will offer brief, accessible-to-the-non-expert presentations about their current research. Question, answer, and discussion follow.

Friday@4 Music Series (4:00pm @ None)

Venue locations change for this event. Please check the date below to find the location for each recital. Admission is free. Friday, September 13: PAB 320 Summer Award Winner Presentation: Lina Gaylord Friday, September 20: PAB 320 Summer Award Winner Presentation: Lila Carleton ***WARNING: This performance will be a "noise music" performance, with intentional feedback and other forms of electronically generated "noise." Guests are highly encouraged to bring earplugs to this event. Friday, October 18: Chapel Vocal Recital Friday, November 1: Chapel Awardees in concert Friday, November 8: Chapel Mixed Solos Friday, November 15: PAB Atrium ROOTS Ensemble Friday, December 13: Chapel Chamber Music

Poetics (4:30pm to 6:30pm @ Greywood, Lounge)

POETICS: join weekly most Fridays 430pm during the academic year to come together with peers, professors, and guest writers and artists about poetry and poetics. No preparation/materials required! Expect to hear from and work with a number of artists at many different points in their practice.

Parent & Family Weekend: Reception for Parents & Families (5:00pm to 6:00pm @ Performing Arts Building, First Floor Atrium)

Take this opportunity to mingle with other parents, the College President Audrey Bilger, and other members of the faculty and staff. The reception will include a small summer research poster session to celebrate the work students accomplished during the summer. Beverages and light refreshments will be provided.

Gray Fund Outdoors Presents: Trailblazers vs Oklahoma City Thunder (6:00pm to 10:30pm @ Moda Center)

Join Gray Fund Outdoors to see the Trailblazers play Oklahoma City!! A real live NBA game, and get this: Y'all will get to shoot free throws on the court after the game!!  Schedule: 6pm - depart reed, head to moda center! 7pm-9pm(ish) - Trailblazers vs OKC, you all will also be able to buy dinner at the game (on us!) After the game you all will shoot free throws on the court! 10:30(ish) arrive back at Reed! Lottery link here! Time Lottery Ends: Tuesday 10/29 at Noon

Af-Am History Docs: Attica (2021) (7:00pm to 9:00pm @ Performing Arts Building, PAB 320)

We invite you to join us for Part IV in a free series of four African American history–related documentary film screenings presented by professor of music, Mark Burford. Admission is free.  Attica (2021) Directed by Stanley Nelson and Traci Curry On September 9, 1971, 1,200 inmates at the correctional facility in Attica, NY, seized the yard at the maximum-security prison, demanding more humane treatment and better conditions. News cameras covered the story from both outside and inside the prison. Five days later, state police massacred 29 inmates and 10 hostages. Through original interviews with former inmates, family members of the hostages, and first-hand witnesses, Attica remembers the largest and most tragic prison rebellion in U.S. history, a still unanswered wake-up call about the need for prison reform. Trailer Film Website

Thorns Game with the PDX Chapter (7:00pm @ Providence Park)

Join us on November 1 at 7 p.m. for an exhilarating game as the Portland Thorns FC take on Angel City FC!

It’s a fantastic chance to cheer for top-tier women’s soccer and reconnect with fellow alumni. Come for the action, stay for the camaraderie.

ticket link: https://reed.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=a191a0fd5209e6ccd7f546396&id=9ec657dcab&e=290922e1de

Deer College: Into the Multiverse, a WMD Halloween Show (8:00pm to 10:00pm @ Cerf Amphitheatre, Amphitheatre)

Join Weapons of Mass Distraction in the amphitheater at 8PM, November 1st for the spectacular return of fire performance after a summer away. Reed College's one and only troupe of pyromancer flow artists invites you on a weird, magical journey to a twisted version of our own campus - and to light the way back for you.

SHARE Lounge (9:00pm to 12:00am @ Winch, Winch Commons)

SHARE Lounge is the chill, sub-free, sensory-aware space to be on Friday nights and during campus events. Lounge is located in Winch, staffed by SHARE student, and offers things like snacks, tea, and friendly conversation (or companionable silence). We'll have crafting supplies and games available, too! To help keep the space safe, it's sub-free--but sober and non-sober people are welcome here.    Come and 1) hang out if you don’t want to be around substances, 2) take a breather and collect yourself if an event becomes activating or uncomfortable, 3) seek out SHARE resources if you have an experience that makes you feel unsafe at any event. See you in Lounge!

SCARE Bar (10:00pm to 12:00am @ Gray Campus Center, Info Shoppe)

Whooooooooo goes there? Pop into the infoshoppe this Friday for a spookified rendition of our mocktail party, and find out just what kind of feather makes these birds flock together. It’s SHARE Bar: the same substance-free social space you know and love from the lounge, with themed drinks, snacks, and safer sex supplies.

Saturday, November 02, 2024

Parent & Family Weekend ( @ None)

Parent & Family Weekend Tours ( @ None)

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Parent & Family Weekend Exploration Session: Empowering Your Student From Afar (10:15am to 11:00am @ Kaul Auditorium)

An interactive session designed to build community amongst parents and Reed administrators. Parents read, discuss, and determine strategies and approaches to fictitious, but possible scenarios a student/family may face while enrolled in college.  This session will empower parents with information and make connections with key Student Life leadership whom they can contact to receive support from afar.

Volunteer at Woodstock Pantry with SEEDS! (11:00am to 2:00pm @ None)

Join SEEDS's Volunteer Program to volunteer at Woodstock Pantry on Saturday, November 2nd from 11am-2pm.  Woodstock Pantry is just a short walk away from campus and serves the local community.  We will wrap up the trip with a lunch in the area.  Space are extremely limited since it is a small space, first come first serve! RSVP HERE!

Parent & Family Weekend Exploration Session: Why Reed is Unique in Professional Development (11:15am to 12:00pm @ Kaul Auditorium)

The Center for Life Beyond Reed's Director will talk about Reed's unique model in supporting your students at and beyond Reed.

Sunday, November 03, 2024

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Sunday Serenity AFG Al-Anon Hybrid Meeting (10:30am to 12:00pm @ Psychology, 108)

Every Sunday 10:30-12 Reed Psych Building  #108 or on Zoom at Sunday Serenity AFG  Meeting ID # 829-9194-4014   Passcode: sun123 Hosted by Oregon Al-Anon. We welcome all (not only Reedies) who may be impacted by someone else’s drinking. In Al‐Anon we share our experience, strength and hope. For more information about Al-Anon or this meeting go to https://www.oregonal-anon.org

Monday, November 04, 2024

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Simple Skills to Stop Ruining Your Life (Or At Least Get More of What You Want Out of It) (1:00pm to 2:00pm @ Virtual Event)

In this online/Zoom Dialectical Behavior Therapy (DBT) skills class you will learn strategies to handle difficult situations in your life in new, creative, more effective ways. Drop-in on any session or attend more than one. Attend anonymously, if you choose. Near the end of every class you're encouraged to send me, via private chat, a situation with which you're currently struggling, and I'll discuss how to apply DBT Skills on the spot.

with Kerry Cohen PsyD LPC, DBT certified, Staff Counselor, HCC, Reed College

After Hours MoMA Tour with Jim Coddington '74 (5:30pm @ The Museum of Modern Art)

RSVP: email Peter Miller at peter.a.miller@gmail.com Jim Coddington '74 will lead an evening tour of the Museum of Modern Art on Monday, November 4, 2024. Jim was the chief conservator at MoMA between 1996 and 2016 and is a well-regarded expert in art conservation and expressionism. This tour is strictly limited to 25 guests. RSVPs are encouraged to confirm joining the tour by October 28 so we can ensure as many alumni can join the tour as possible.

Peer Career Drop-In Advising (6:00pm to 8:00pm @ Naito Hall, Naito 1 Common Room)

Do you have questions about job searching, fellowships, or career development? Do you need feedback on a resume, cover letter, or LinkedIn page? Join our Peer Career Advisors (PCA), a group of current Reedies who are experts in supporting you with your career exploration, for drop-in advising. No need to make an appointment; stop by to chat with a PCA from 6-8PM!

Tuesday, November 05, 2024

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Faculty Research Showcase (12:00pm to 1:00pm @ Eliot 216)

The Office of the Dean of the Faculty invites you to this semester's second Faculty Research Showcase. Colleagues will offer brief (8-10 minute), accessible-to-the-non-expert presentations about their current research. Question, answer, and discussion will follow. These quick, casual events are a great way to learn what faculty are up to when they’re not teaching or servicing! Please come even if you can’t make the whole thing. You're welcome to bring your lunch. Presenters: Erica Blum (Computer Science) Libby Drumm (Spanish & Humanities) Matt Pearson (Linguistics) Shivani Sud (Art History & Humanities).

Let Go of Election Day Stress (12:00pm to 1:00pm @ Sports Center, Upper Studio)

Election Day can be stressful. Come decompress with the HCC's staff counselor - Skylar Willson-Ko, LMFT - during an hour-long meditation. The meditation will be done in the Upper Studio at the Watzek Sports Center from 12-1PM on Tuesday, November 5th. This will be a seated meditation and cushions as well as some chairs will be provided. This event is for students, staff and faculty.

Earthseed Group (2:30pm to 4:00pm @ Health & Counseling Center)

EARTHSEED* is a restorative space, based in African Centered Psychology. We deconstruct the toxic elements of society and instill personal meaning. Topics discussed may include antiblack racism, the sociopolitical climate, activism and the politics of JOY.    Two groups will be offered for the Fall 2024 semester to better accomodate students' schedules:  Group 1: Tuesdays, 2:30 pm - 4 pm at the Health & Counseling Center (HCC) Group 2: Wednesdays, 1 pm - 2:30 pm at the Health & Counseling Center (HCC)  Facilitated by Johanna R. Workman, Psy.D., (she/her), Counseling Center Director  A screening appointment is required. To schedule, email the facilitator at workmanj@reed.edu

Nature Connection with Art (2:30pm to 3:30pm @ Sports Center, Conference Room)

Come connect with nature through art. We will start each week with an experiential nature-based practice and then transition into expressing our experience through art. No experience with creating art is necessary; the goal here is self-expression. We welcome you to come as you are.

CS Colloquium: Student Summer Research Talks (3:40pm @ Eliot 314)

Students who participated in summer research will give presentations about their work.

Bram Schuijff Adam Snelling

Peer Career Drop-in Advising (6:00pm to 8:00pm @ Aspen Multipurpose Room)

Wednesday, November 06, 2024

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Coffee with Chris (11:00am to 1:00pm @ Eliot Hall, 218)

Join Dean of Students, Chris Toutain, for free cold brew and pour over coffee every first Wednesday of the month!

CLBR Drop-in Advising (11:30am to 1:30pm @ Gray Campus Center, Commons)

Do you have questions about graduate school, fellowships, or career development? Do you need feedback on an application, resume, or cover letter? Stop by Commons in front of the fireplace and come see a CLBR advisor! No appointment needed; just swing by during our drop-in hours and we'll help you out.

Earthseed Group (1:00pm to 2:30pm @ Health & Counseling Center)

Simple Skills to Stop Ruining Your Life (Or At Least Get More of What You Want Out of It) (1:00pm to 2:00pm @ Virtual Event)

Physics Seminar (4:30pm to 5:30pm @ None)

More information coming soon.

Peer Career Drop-in Advising (6:00pm to 8:00pm @ Trillium Multipurpose Room)

Thursday, November 07, 2024

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Peer Career Drop-in Advising (6:00pm to 8:00pm @ Prexy, Prexy Conference Room)

Visiting Writers Series: Kinsale Drake (6:30pm @ Eliot Hall, Chapel)

Kinsale Drake (Diné) is a winner of the 2023 National Poetry Series for her debut poetry collection, The Sky Was Once a Dark Blanket (University of Georgia Press, 2024). Her work has appeared in Poetry Magazine, Poets.org, Best New Poets, Black Warrior Review, Nylon, Teen Vogue, and elsewhere. She currently directs programming for NDN Girls Book Club, which distributes free books to Indigenous youth and communities. She lives in Nashville, TN as a graduate fellow in the MFA Program at Vanderbilt University. Free and open to the public.

Pool Tournament (8:30pm to 2:00am @ Gray Campus Center, Pool Hall)

weekly 8ball tourneys held in the pool hall! sign-ups start @ 8:30 pm, games start @ 9. players of all skill levels and interest are welcome to participate, NO BUY IN!! for further questions or event information, please contact pool hall management via email <3 LESS TALK, MORE CHALK.

Friday, November 08, 2024

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Biology Seminar: Dr. Cagney Coomer (12:00pm to 12:50pm @ Biology, Biology 19)

"Tango: Antero and retro-grade transsynaptic approaches to mapping the vertebrate CNS" Deciphering the connectome, the ensemble of synaptic connections that underlie brain function, is a central goal of neuroscience research. Here, we report in vivo mapping of connections between pre-synaptic and post-synaptic partners in zebrafish, by adapting the trans- and retro-Tango genetic approaches that were first developed for antero- and retrograde transsynaptic tracing in Drosophila. Dr. Cagney Coomer's research seeks a greater understanding of brain function  by mapping of neural circuit connectivity throughout the nervous system, using adapted, trans-Tango, a powerful genetic approach for anterograde circuit tracing and manipulation in Drosophila to a zebrafish nervous systems. 11:50 am- Snacks & Socializing noon- Talk Begins

Friday@4 Music Series (4:00pm @ None)

Poetics (4:30pm to 6:30pm @ Greywood, Lounge)

HUM Paper Night #3 (5:00pm to 7:00pm @ Trillium Multipurpose Room)

Working on your HUM Paper? Thinking about working on your HUM paper? Come to HUM Paper Nigh! Tutors are here to help you brainstorm, discuss or edit your work. Yes, it is a week before your paper is due, but your future self will thank you for getting started on it sooner than later.  Event will be held in the Trillium Multipurpose Room

Fall Choral Concert (7:30pm @ Kaul Auditorium)

Join us for our annual fall choral concert featuring the west coast premiere of a newly commissioned work by composer Shruthi Rajasekar. The concert features performances by the Collegium Musicum, the Reed Chorus, and the Treble Voices Ensemble. No tickets are needed to attend.

SHARE Lounge (9:00pm to 12:00am @ Winch, Winch Commons)

Saturday, November 09, 2024

Tender: Sarah Gilbert and Pato Hebert ( @ Cooley Art Gallery)

Gray Fund Outdoors Presents: Kayaking! (8:00am to 4:00pm @ Ross Island)

Join Gray Fund Outdoors to paddle around Ross Island! Schedule: 8am: Meet at backdoor of outdoor center 8-3: Kayak! 2-3pm(ish): Head back to Reed and grab dinner on the way ~4pm: Arrive back at Reed Sign up here! Lottery closes Wednesday 11/6 at Noon




Reed College Quest
November 1, 2024
PREVIOUS
New Major: Professor Mónica López Lerma talks Film and Media Studies
NEXT
Fun Fact of the Week: The History of Death
ABOUTFAQCONTACT
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.reedquest.org/articles/2024/11/1/events-calendar-110124 
 ----- 
