Oklahoma City Thunder News
Home
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Oklahoma City Thunder forward Chet Holmgren. Ron Chenoy-Imagn Images
Thunder coach explains why Chet Holmgren is like a praying mantis
By Jeff Smith  |  Last updated Oct 30, 2024 11:02 PM ET

Oklahoma City Thunder head coach Mark Daigneault may have given budding star Chet Holmgren his new nickname, whether he likes it or not.

While praising Holmgren's abilities across the board, Daigneault specifically pointed to one thing that "really jumped out" initially, as ESPN's Tim MacMahon revealed.

"The first impression I had of him that really jumped out, I'd probably take it for granted now, is his closing speed on balls," Thunder coach Mark Daigneault said of Holmgren. "There's plays that you don't think he can get to, and then it's like he's a praying mantis. He is just on top of the ball out of nowhere."

It's a pretty perfect nickname for Holmgren, especially considering his numbers through three games this season. Not only has the 22-year-old averaged 23.7 points and 13.0 rebounds per game, but also 4.0 blocks and 1.3 steals, improved from 2023-24.

Holmgren's minutes are also up in the early stages of the year, as he averaged 29.4 per game last season and 32.7 through three games this year. Potentially, the most noteworthy statistic for Holmgren is that he's attempting 4.4 shots more per game on average but has shot better from the field (53.0 percent last year to 56.3 percent this year).

If there's one player to highlight as a potential name ready to make the superstar "leap," Holmgren is a strong bet this season.

More must-reads:

Thunder's Jaylin Williams to miss extended time with strained hamstring
Cast of NBA stars for Season 2 of Netflix’s 'Starting 5' revealed
The 'Every NBA MVP runner-up from the lottery era' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend
NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
NBA
Timberwolves’ Anthony Edwards says monster dunk vs. Magic doesn’t…

Star guard Anthony Edwards stole the show in the Minnesota Timberwolves’ 104-89 win over the Orlando Magic on Thursday night. Edwards’ top highlight was a monster dunk over Magic guard Anthony Black. While the dunk broke the internet, Edwards does not believe it counted because Black – despite his 6-foot-7 frame – is a fellow guard. “Anthony Edwards on his dunk: ‘It was a nice one, but he a guard. I can’t really count those.’ But Black is 6-7? ‘He’s still a guard. You’re not expecting him to go meet me at the rim block my shot. … But if it was one of those bigs, trust me I probably would’ve got a tech,’” Chris Hine of the Minnesota Star Tribune reported via Twitter/X. In 36 minutes of action, Edwards finished the game with 21 points, three rebounds, seven assists and two steals. Edwards had trouble getting shots to fall, going 5-of-19 from the field against the Magic. Despite his off-night shooting, Edwards found a way to leave his mark on the game. This performance followed up Edwards’ impressive 32-point outing in the Timberwolves’ 104-97 win over the New Orleans Pelicans on Tuesday night. Edwards also has nine rebounds, three assists and two steals while shooting 7-of-11 from 3-point range. Is Anthony Edwards in the running for MVP? Anthony Edwards makes his presence known each time he takes the floor. Even if he does not light up the scoreboard, Edwards will make up for it with a highlight reel-worthy dunk or by setting his teammates up through assists. In the Timberwolves’ win over the Magic on Thursday night, he did both. Despite the season he is having, Edwards has not worked himself into the MVP conversation at this time. Edwards is averaging 25.8 points – No. 8 in the NBA – 5.8 rebounds and four assists per game while shooting 44.6% from the field. If Edwards can continue on the pace he is on, his name will be included in the MVP conversation in due time.

NBA
76ers reveal bad injury news for rookie guard Jared McCain
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NBA
The NBA brothers making their mark on opposing teams in Los…
NBA
Los Angeles Lakers Might Trade Rui Hachimura For An…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
20 NHL players from the 1990s you probably forgot about
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…

The Montreal Canadiens' forward Patrik Laine is currently missing from the lineup. Unfortunately, tomorrow he will have to miss a fourth consecutive game. Over the past few hours, numerous theories have circulated regarding the true reason for Laine's current absence, and some fans were particularly concerned about his knee. However, the Canadiens' organization has just provided clarification. The real reason for Patrik Laine's absence at the moment, and the real reason he is not accompanying the team to Washington, is that he is still not at 100%. A clarification regarding Patrik Laine See what the excellent journalist Eric Engels published. The Canadiens indicated that Patrik Laine skated alone, but he is not yet back to 100%. He has been absent since the end of last week due to 'flu-like symptoms.' - Eric Engels And the clarification in question: For those wondering, the Habs say there is no other issue preventing Laine from playing at the moment. - Eric Engels So the virus is the only reason for his absence. We wish him a quick return to 100%, and it's obviously good news to learn that everything else is fine for Patty. Let's remember, earlier today, the Canadiens announced that Patrik Laine will not travel with the team to Washington for tomorrow's game. Laine, 26 years old, 6 feet 4 inches, and 208 pounds, has 10 points in 13 games this season with the Canadiens, including 8 goals.

Entertainment
'90s TV shows that we need to see on our screens again
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…

The New York Jets have a few big question marks that need to get sorted out early in the offseason. New York needs to find a new head coach, a new general manager and figure out whether Aaron Rodgers will be the team’s starting quarterback in 2025. All three of these questions go hand in hand. Will Rodgers come back for one more year? That's up in the air. Rodgers seemed melancholy as the campaign was wrapping up but did look good in the season finale. Although the season didn’t go as planned, Rodgers’ numbers are surprisingly good. He finished with 28 touchdown passes to just 11 interceptions while tallying 3,897 passing yards. If you were to see these numbers not knowing the team’s record, you would probably think the Jets were in a much different position than they are now. Rodgers still seems like he has something left in the tank, and if the Jets don’t want him back, maybe someone else will. CBS Sports’ Cody Benjamin made a list of the top quarterbacks who will be available this offseason and predicted landing spots. He predicted that Rodgers will end up signing with the Tennessee Titans on a one-year, $25 million deal. “The former MVP's numbers are deceiving: While he avoided a rash of turnovers in his first healthy year with the Jets, the former Green Bay Packers star was mostly a non-factor for a dismal New York offense, which is ripe for a total overhaul,” Benjamin said. “At 41, he's simply looked much more his age away from Lambeau. "Projection: Signs with Titans on a one-year, $25M deal.” Tennessee has the No. 1 pick in the upcoming draft and likely will take a quarterback. It wouldn’t be the worst idea to have a young guy sit for a year and watch Rodgers if he decides to leave New York.

College Football
Watch: Notre Dame advances to CFP championship with…
Which singers have the greatest voices in music history?
MLB
Mets meet with prized free agent relief pitcher
NFL
3 Best Trade Destinations for Patriots QB Joe Milton
NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future
College Football
No. 1 running back in transfer portal commits to college football…
NFL
Falcons GM makes surprising Kirk Cousins admission
Beauty school: 20 colleges with gorgeous campuses
NFL
Pete Carroll lands second head coach…
NHL
PK Subban clears the air following Auston Matthews' bizarre goal…
Boxing
Liam Cameron vs Ben Whittaker 2: Queensberry Fire…

Ben Shalom appeared in an interview with October Red revealing their offer to Queensberry Promotions to make Ben Whittaker Liam Cameron 2 has been rejected and seemed to suggest that the responsibility lies with Cameron’s promoters if the fight doesn’t happen. Via a social media post, Queensberry have hit back explaining their side of the negotiations. Queensberry Counters Boxxer’s Offer for Ben Whittaker Liam Cameron Rematch Queensberry Talks Ben Whittaker Liam Cameron 2 The press release from Queensberry read as follows: We can confirm we received an offer from Ben Shalom for Liam Cameron to fight Ben Whittaker. The offer was countered as we felt we could pay Liam more for the fight and it included options for Boxxer on Liam should he win. We responded in writing with a counter offer that values the fight for both boxers at a higher amount than the offer being made by Boxxer. Instead of negotiating or discussing our offeror the fight terms, we received communication back saying that Ben’s next fight will take place on a Boxxer show and that if their offer was not accepted, then they will move on. It seemed an odd reply as both boxers are with different promoters and in this circumstance, you tend to negotiate terms and the promoter prepared to pay the fighters the most money typically stages the fight. The ultimate decision makers in whether the fight happens should sit with the boxers. We know Liam wants the fight and understand Ben does as well. In our opinion, and we feel this is one that’s shared by boxing fans across the country, Cameron vs. Whittaker 2 is a must happen fight for 2025 after the controversial ending and draw decision in October. Liam and Queensberry are ready and willing to thrash out a deal and have no issue making this fight on any platform. We hope Boxxer are as well and we look forward to a positive and professional reply to our latest email sent last week which has not yet been replied to. Conclusion Ben Whittaker undoubtedly has an impressive pedigree from his amateur days, but he clearly found it difficult to deal with the experience of Cameron. The Olympic silver medallist will need to face the Sheffield fighter and win convincingly in order to move on cleanly with the rest of his career.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More Thunder News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/thunder_coach_explains_why_chet_holmgren_is_like_a_praying_mantis/s1_13132_41151571 
 ----- 
