Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
3-game winning streak ends as Chicago White Sox lose No. 116 and are now 4 games shy of tying the record
Los Angeles Angels shortstop Zach Neto gets ready to tag out Chicago White Sox’s Nicky Lopez trying to steal second base during the first inning on Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)
By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 18, 2024 at 6:59 AM CDT

ANAHEIM, Calif. — Nicky Lopez singled sharply to center with two outs in the eighth inning Tuesday. Dominic Fletcher, who had singled earlier in the inning, moved to second base on Lopez’s hit to give the Chicago White Sox one of their best scoring opportunities of the evening.

Los Angeles Angels reliever Hunter Strickland then struck out Luis Robert Jr., ending the threat.

The team’s three-game winning streak came to an end one inning later, as the Sox fell 5-0 in front of 36,254 at Angel Stadium.

“We just really didn’t get any momentum going,” interim manager Grady Sizemore said. “We had some chances, had some decent at-bats, but just couldn’t put multiple ones together and string anything to create some offense.

“Just one of those days.”

It’s the 116th loss for the Sox, who are four shy of tying the 1962 New York Mets (40-120) for the most defeats in a season during Major League Baseball’s modern era.

At 36-116, the Sox need to go 7-3 in their final 10 games to avoid matching the loss total of the ’62 Mets.

The 116 losses are the fourth-most in a season in modern-day MLB history. Only the ’62 Mets, 2003 Detroit Tigers (43-119) and 1916 Philadelphia Athletics (36-117) suffered more defeats.

Tuesday marked the 19th time the Sox have been shut out this season. Angels starter Griffin Canning and three relievers limited the Sox to six hits — including two each by Lopez and Fletcher.

“Sometimes you’ve got to give credit to the guy they threw out there,” Fletcher said of Canning. “He threw well, did a good job of mixing it up.

“His changeup was pretty good, located his fastball and mixed some sliders and curveballs.”

Chicago White Sox relief pitcher Jake Eder throws to the plate during the seventh inning against the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Davis Martin pitched well for the Sox in the loss, allowing three runs on seven hits with four strikeouts and two walks in five innings.

“I thought I executed pretty well today, battled,” Martin said. “There were a lot of good (at-bats) they put together. Forced me to get in the zone, especially with the offspeed (pitches). Ball just didn’t roll my way with six singles today (and) the (RBI) double (in the fifth) being the last one. All in all, loved the stuff, just didn’t love the results.”

Two of the three runs Martin allowed came with two outs.

Taylor Ward’s two-out single in the third inning brought home Charles Leblanc with the game’s first run.

Gustavo Campero scored on a two-out double by Nolan Schanuel in the fifth to make it 3-0.

RELATED ARTICLES
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
Chicago White Sox sign Josh Rojas to a 1-year deal, adding a versatile veteran to their infield options
Chicago White Sox acquire lefty Tyler Gilbert in a trade with the Philadelphia Phillies

“The two lead-off walks (in the third and fourth, leading to runs) are going to eat me up tonight,” Martin said. “All the rest of the (at-bats), I felt we did a good job of competing in the zone and attacking.”

Eric Wagaman homered against reliever Enyel De Los Santos in the sixth, his second RBI of the game following a one-out, run-scoring single in the fourth against Martin.

Sox pitcher Jake Eder allowed one run on two hits with one strikeout and one walk in two relief innings during his major-league debut.

The Angels made the most of their offensive opportunities while the Sox couldn’t get much going at the plate, placing just two runners in scoring position.

“I thought (Canning) pitched pretty well, he was throwing his changeup and slider pretty well,” Sizemore said. “Just keeping us off the heater just enough with those other pitches. Just couldn’t string anything together.

“I thought (Martin) threw well. He didn’t have his best stuff, some walks came around to hurt him. But overall, he competed. They had a good plan against his changeup, they were getting good swings off that. They were ready for it. But it really didn’t matter. We just weren’t able to get any offense for him.”

Originally Published: September 18, 2024 at 12:46 AM CDT
Around the Web
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Reduce Your Home Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Lawyers Blvd
A 65-yr-old Granny Made a Bra for Elderly Ladies That is Popular All Around
Libiyi
Always Put a Crayon in Your Wallet When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth No One Wants to Talk About!
Tardive Dyskinesia
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Introducing a $59 Smartwatch That Tests Blood Sugar Fast!
Ribili
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Iowa: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Discover The Breakthrough Seniors Use to Defeat Neuropathy
2025 Neuropathy Guide
1 Simple Trick to Cut Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
The Surprising Link Between Your Pillowcase and Aging
Blissy
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Woman Gives Birth to Special Baby - Doctor Turns Pale When Doing a DNA Test
housejogger
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Council Bluffs: Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
Judge sentences Donald Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
This rock band’s lyricist? Homer.
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
Chicago Blackhawks are 14-25-2 at the midpoint of another lost season. What’s left to play for in the 2nd half?
Kyle Tucker and the Chicago Cubs fail to agree on his 2025 salary — and now appear headed for arbitration
Chicago Cubs acquire reliever Matt Festa from the Texas Rangers and designate Miles Mastrobuoni for assignment
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
Chicago White Sox sign Josh Rojas to a 1-year deal, adding a versatile veteran to their infield options
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
2024
September
18
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/09/18/chicago-white-sox-los-angeles-angels-loss-116/ 
 ----- 
