Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
White Sox suffer 116th loss as Wagaman, Canning help Angels snap their 6-game losing streak, 5-0
1 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Charles Leblanc scores on a single by Taylor Ward during the third inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

2 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Taylor Ward, center, hits an RBI single as Chicago White Sox catcher Korey Lee, right, and home plate umpire David Arrieta watch during the third inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

3 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels starting pitcher Griffin Canning throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

4 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels shortstop Zach Neto, top, tags out Chicago White Sox’s Nicky Lopez as Lopez tries to steal second during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

5 of 8 |  

Chicago White Sox second baseman Lenyn Sosa can’t get to a ball hit for a single by Los Angeles Angels’ Taylor Ward during the first inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

6 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Gustavo Campero, right, is tagged out at first by Chicago White Sox first baseman Gavin Sheets after he rounded first for a single and tried to dive back during the third inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Read More
7 of 8 |  

Los Angeles Angels’ Charles Leblanc, right, scores on a single by Taylor Ward as Chicago White Sox catcher Korey Lee waits for the ball during the third inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

8 of 8 |  

Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Davis Martin throws to the plate during the first inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

BY  JOE REEDY
Updated 5:21 AM UTC, September 18, 2024
Share

ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Rookie Eric Wagaman homered for the second straight game, Griffin Canning threw six innings of three-hit ball, and the Los Angeles Angels dealt the Chicago White Sox their 116th loss with a 5-0 victory on Tuesday night.

The White Sox were trying to equal a season-high, four-game winning streak. Instead, they moved one step closer to the majors’ post-1900 record of 120 losses by the 1962 expansion New York Mets.

Chicago is 36-116 with 10 games left and has the fourth-most losses in a season since 1900. The 2003 Detroit Tigers hold the American League mark with 119 losses.

The White Sox were shut out for the 19th time, tied for fourth-most since 2000, and finished with six hits. They had only two runners reach second base.

“We just didn’t get the momentum going. I thought we had had some chances and decent at-bats, but, just couldn’t string anything together to create some offense,” interim manager Grady Sizemore said.

The Angels snapped a six-game losing streak. They scored in the third through seventh innings and had 10 hits for the first time in five games.

Wagaman connected on an elevated fastball from Enyel De Los Santos in the sixth inning for a 432-foot solo shot to left-center.

RELATED STORIES
Right-hander Griffin Canning and Mets agree to $4.25 million, 1-year contract
Left-hander Yusei Kikuchi and the LA Angels finalize a $63 million, 3-year contract
Roki Sasaki bidding among MLB teams will start Tuesday and run until Jan. 23

“It’s been cool to be able to get the first few hits out of the way and get a couple of home runs,” said Wagaman, who lived 20 minutes south of The Big A in Aliso Viejo and grew up rooting for the Angels. “It’s been a lot of fun from family and friends reaching out. We have 11 games left so hopefully we can finish strong.”

Five of Wagaman’s six hits have gone for extra bases, including the two homers. The third baseman also had an RBI single in the fourth to make it 2-0.

“He’s showing that he has tremendous bat-to-ball skill. He has some power. We’ll see where it goes,” manager Ron Washington said.

Canning (6-13) bounced back after allowing 10 runs (nine earned) in his last start at Minnesota on Sept. 10. He struck out six and walked two while earning his third win since the All-Star break.

“I really didn’t make any changes (between starts). I felt like I had better stuff in Minnesota, so that’s just the way the game works out sometimes,” Canning said.

Taylor Ward opened the scoring in the third when he lined a base hit to left field off Davis Martin (0-5), driving in Charles Leblanc. Ward also scored on Jake Eder’s wild pitch in the seventh inning.

Nolan Schanuel, who scored on Wagaman’s base hit, doubled to the right-field wall to bring home Gustavo Campero and extend the Angels’ lead to three runs in the fifth.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Angels: 2B Michael Stefanic (right calf tightness), 2B Brandon Drury (left hamstring tightness) and OF Mickey Moniak (left hand) were not in the lineup for the second straight day.

UP NEXT

The teams wrap up their series with a Wednesday afternoon game. Angels RHP Jack Kochanowicz (2-5, 5.08 ERA) has gone 0-2 in September. The White Sox will go with a bullpen game with RHP Jared Shuster (1-4, 4.54 ERA) being the opener.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

JOE REEDY
Reedy is a sports writer based in Los Angeles for The Associated Press. He has worked for the AP since 2015.
twitter
 
mailto
  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Talford leads Winthrop against Longwood after 21-point outing
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Managing your diabetes with confidence is easier with our smallest, most discreet...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nightti me Driving As Dayti...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Why do you have a mouse?
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Deni Avdija scores 26 as the Trail Blazers down the Pelicans 119-...
Deni Avdija scored 26 points, Shaedon Sharpe added 21 and the Portland Trail...
AP News
What ignited the deadly Californ ia wildfires? Investigators cons...
Investigators are considering an array of possible ignition sources for the fires tha...
AP News
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Lawsuit alleges racial and gender discrimination led to an...
The family of a Air Force contractor who was killed when she walked into a rotatin...
AP News
Democratic Sen. John Fetterma n to meet with Trump at Mar-a...
Pennsylvania Sen. John Fetterman will become the chamber's first Democrat to...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD:Advertisement
Learn More
Empty Cruises Departing From Iowa That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now:Advertisement
Learn More
Instantly Lookup Anyone's Home Value by Address (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/white-sox-angels-score-d63b2e7406b77e5f867faae9378499a6 
 ----- 
