The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
WHITE SOX SPORTS MLB
Andrew Benintendi instrumental in White Sox' 3-game winning streak
The left fielder was batting .279/.351/.552 with 13 homers in 53 games since July 14.
By  Daryl Van Schouwen   Sept 17, 2024, 11:46pm UTC

Andrew Benintendi of the White Sox hits a home run against the Los Angeles Angels in the seventh inning at Angel Stadium of Anaheim on Monday, Sept. 16, 2024.

Ronald Martinez/Getty Images

SHARE
COPY LINK

The White Sox can use any sort of positive developments they can get, and Andrew Benintendi’s second-half surge has provided a welcome jolt of offense to a team that’s last in runs and numerous other offensive categories in the major leagues.

It’s the least chairman Jerry Reinsdorf can expect from the player who signed the richest contract in franchise history, a five-year, $75 million deal handed out before last season that falls in line with other unfortunate big-money choices of recent past such as Yasmani Grandal (four years, $73 million) and Dallas Keuchel (three years, $55 million). Such deals dispute the notion that Reinsdorf doesn’t spend enough — although he cut payroll this year and will again in 2025 — but underscores the Sox’ failure to spend wisely.

All Benintendi has done under contract is experience 101 losses last season and 116 so far this season after Tuesday night’s 5-0 loss to the Angels. For his part, he hit a walk-off home run Saturday against the A’s and two long balls in Monday’s 8-4 win against the Angels, pushing the Sox’ winning streak to three before falling to the Angels.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
2024: The year that was historically bad for White Sox
White Sox signing infielder Josh Rojas to one-year deal
White Sox acquire left-hander Tyler Gilbert from Phillies
How you voted on the best, worst Chicago sports stories of 2024
Year over? Thank goodness. In a mind-numbingly bad 2024, Chicago sports dropped the ball like never before
LATEST STORIES
Illinois joins IRS Direct File program, allowing some taxpayers to file federal taxes for free
Firefighter improving after injury during Gage Park warehouse blaze, 'There is no threat to his life'
Snow causing delays, cancellations on air and ground in Chicago; over 100 flights canceled at O'Hare
Naperville North quarterback Jacob Bell picks Indiana
Edgewater mural, inspired by nature and folk art, brightens dilapidated lot
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
SPORTS MEDIA
ESPN, Fox, Warner Bros. Discovery discontinue Venu Sports
Days after seemingly buying a lifeline, the companies pulled the plug on Venu Sports, the trio’s proposed streaming service, effective immediately.
By Jeff Agrest  Jan 10, 2025, 4:45pm UTC
BEARS
Bears head coach candidate tracker: Pete Carroll interviews, Ben Johnson will soon
Tracking the candidates in the Bears’ wide-ranging head coaching search.
By Patrick Finley  and  Jason Lieser  Jan 10, 2025, 4:41pm UTC
NATION/WORLD
Judge sentences Trump in hush money case but declines to impose any punishment
Trump’s sentence of an unconditional discharge caps a norm-smashing case that saw the former and future president charged with 34 felonies, put on trial for almost two months and convicted by a jury on every count.
By AP  Jan 10, 2025, 3:46pm UTC
CHICAGO SKY AND WNBA
Ranking the top WNBA free agents in 2025
The free-agent class, led by Kelsey Plum, has a lot of talent, but new CBA coming in 2025 means one-year deals in 2024.
By Annie Costabile  Jan 10, 2025, 3:43pm UTC
COLUMNISTS
Mexican Americans who visit homeland are at risk of deadly violence
Last month, two Chicagoans and a Rockford-area man were killed while visiting family in Mexico. The son of one Chicago man was critically wounded. Violence in Mexico shows no signs of letting up.
By Marlen Garcia  Jan 10, 2025, 12:52pm UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/white-sox/2024/09/17/andrew-benintendi-instrumental-in-white-sox-3-game-winning-streak 
 ----- 
