Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / Sport / Football / All Whites
All Whites v Tunisia: New Zealand fail to capitalise on dominance and lose penalty shootout
By Will Toogood
Online Sport Editor·NZ Herald·
26 Mar, 2024 10:24 PM
4 mins to read
Save

Sign in to save for later


Share

Sarpreet Singh's penalty was saved by Tunisian keeper Ben Said. Photo / Photosport

All Whites 0

Tunisia 0

(Penalties 4-2 to Tunisia)

Forty-five minutes of New Zealand’s best men’s football in some time was not enough to end their goal hoodoo in Cairo.

The All Whites were beaten 4-2 on penalties in the Fifa Series bronze medal playoff by 41-ranked Tunisia after the match ended goalless at 90 minutes, despite several first-half chances and a missed penalty.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

Much like the previous match against Egypt, the New Zealand side showed they can compete with teams placed far above them in the Fifa rankings.

Also like the Egypt match, they failed to convert dominance in passages and ended up ruing missed opportunities.

A saved penalty struck by Sarpreet Singh and another fine save by the Tunisian keeper kept the Africans in it and ended up being the difference as the All Whites again couldn’t capitalise on periods of control.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

The All Whites started stronger and had the ball in the back of the net after eight and a half minutes. Captain Liberto Cacace’s long-range effort stung the gloves of Tunisian goalkeeper Bechir Ben Said and was then collected by Michael Boxall who laid off for striker Kosta Barbarouses to tap home. Barbarouses was judged offside and the deadlock remained.

Another eight minutes passed and New Zealand would have put the ball in again, but not for a heroic save from Said. Callum McCowatt’s corner whistled in and was met by Tommy Smith’s head, the ball looked destined for the top corner until Said palmed it into the crossbar and it was cleared to safety.

By midway in the first half, the All Whites had assumed control of the match. They pressed well and managed to win possession back high up in the attacking third, disrupting the short passing game that Tunisia were trying to employ.

It was on the stroke of 30 minutes that Matthew Garbett slid a ball into Barbarouses on the right-hand side of the penalty area, the forward went to cut back inside and was caught by a trailing leg from the Tunisian defender.

Discover more
All Whites
All Whites go down in narrow defeat to Egypt
22 Mar 10:09 PM
All Whites
All Whites to face formidable opponent at iconic venue for World Cup prep
13 Mar 04:49 AM
Football World Cup
All Whites to face top opposition in UAE
08 Jan 07:07 PM
Football World Cup
All Whites power rankings: The biggest riser from latest games
28 Nov 03:00 AM

The referee waved play on initially, but VAR intervened and replays showed it was a clear penalty, which was then awarded.

Up stepped Singh to take the shot, looking for only his second senior international goal. His shot was well struck, but keeper Ben Said had guessed to dive to his left correctly and got a strong hand to deflect the ball away.

Nil-all it remained, and on 39 minutes the referee was again blowing for a penalty for a foul on Barbarouses. This time VAR intervened not to confirm the penalty, but to take it away from the All Whites — the through ball to Barbarouses had come into contact with his arm in an unnatural position.

It was another strong showing from the New Zealand side against a well-favoured opposition, but again, perhaps the presence of injured captain Chris Wood was felt as they lacked a clinical edge.

Tunisia must have known they were fortunate to head into the break with scores tied and coach Jalel Kadri seemed to have given them some inspiration.

The Carthage Eagles started far better in the second 45 minutes, much more clinical in their passing and with urgency to each 50-50 ball.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

The All Whites by comparison seemed to be feeling the effects of their frantic first half and tired legs began to crop up across the park as the game began to open up with more end-to-end play than had been seen in the first stanza.

Still, the best chance of the half fell to the New Zealanders in the 63rd minute as Singh lifted a delightful ball over the Tunisian defence into the area for Garbett to run on to. Garbett could only get an outstretched foot to it and while he forced an outstretched leg from the goalkeeper, there wasn’t enough venom on the strike to cause a serious problem.

As the minutes ticked into stoppage time, Tunisia made the bold call to substitute goalkeeper Ben Said and replace him with a fresh set of gloves in Aymen Dahmen before the impending penalty shootout.

In the end, who was in the net for Tunisia mattered little as New Zealand substitutes Ben Waine and Elijah Just pushed penalties wide while the Africans scored all four — winning 4-2 on penalties to take the bronze medal.

All Whites 0

Tunisia 0

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

(Penalties 4-2 to Tunisia)







Recommended for you
Refresh for more
Cricket
Boxing Day Test: India fighting for survival after Australian strikes
Tennis
ASB Classic live results: Naomi Osaka easily advances in Auckland event
World
‘Particularly vile’: China court hands boy life sentence for murdering classmate
World
Flags fly at half-mast as South Korea probes its worst plane crash
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from All Whites
PREMIUM
Editorial: How Chris Wood became one of our greatest sporting exports
22 Nov 04:53 PM

OPINION: The boy from Hamilton has become a top-flight goalscoring machine.

'Robin Wood': A Nottingham Forest fan on how they learned to love Kiwi ace
19 Nov 10:00 PM
How the All Whites will reset for 2026 World Cup, after big win over Samoa
19 Nov 03:00 AM
Wood nets hat-trick as All Whites blitz Samoa in Fifa World Cup qualifying
18 Nov 08:32 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2024 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/football/all-whites/all-whites-v-tunisia-new-zealand-fail-to-capitalise-on-dominance-and-lose-penalty-shootout/6CKQHHNE5FDOBPBRSMQDJCNKAI/ 
 ----- 
