CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 01:41, January 29, 2024 | Updated: 01:59, January 29, 2024
Asian Cup: Tajikistan stun UAE on penalties to quarter-finals
By Reuters
Share

Tajikistan players celebrate their win during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Tajikistan and United Arab Emirates at Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Jan 28, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

AL RAYYAN - Asian Cup debutants Tajikistan upset the United Arab Emirates 5-3 in a penalty shootout on Sunday to advance to the quarter-finals and keep their dream run alive after the game ended 1-1 after extra time at the Ahmed bin Ali Stadium.

Tajikistan took the lead through Vahdat Hanonov's first-half goal before Khalifa Al Hammadi forced extra time with a stoppage-time header.

Tajikistan players celebrate after Tajikistan's Alisher Shukurov scores the winning penalty in a penalty shootout at the end of the the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Tajikistan and United Arab Emirates, at Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium, in Al Rayyan, Qatar, Jan 28, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

In the shootout, UAE's Caio Canedo had his effort saved by goalkeeper Rustam Yatimov before Tajikistan's Alisher Shukurov scored the decisive spot kick.

Tajikistan are now only the second tournament debutants since Australia in 2007 to reach the quarter-finals but this was a much bigger upset for the minnows compared to an established Australian team who made the switch to the AFC.

Nobody will sleep in Tajikistan tonight…At 1-1 in the 94th minute... everybody was feeling down, but I told the players quickly to get up. If you fall down, get up. I shouted at them, 'Come on, everything is possible. Don't give up.' This is the character of the player, the coaches, the country and their fighting spirit. In the end, it was also luck.

Petar Segrt, Tajikistan's manager 

Ranked outside the top 100, the central Asian side managed by Petar Segrt sit 42 rungs below UAE, a team that had reached the semi-finals in both the 2015 and 2019 editions.

"Nobody will sleep in Tajikistan tonight," a grinning Segrt told reporters. "At 1-1 in the 94th minute... everybody was feeling down, but I told the players quickly to get up. If you fall down, get up.

ALSO READ: New powers rise as Asian Cup group stage concludes

"I shouted at them, 'Come on, everything is possible. Don't give up.' This is the character of the player, the coaches, the country and their fighting spirit.

"In the end, it was also luck. I know my dream, my next dream is to go to the next round - again."

After a cagey start, Tajikistan took the lead on the half-hour mark when Hanonov climbed over the defence to head home Zoir Dzhuraboev's cross, with the ball creeping over the line after UAE keeper Khalid Eisa attempted a save.

UAE shell-shocked

Tajikistan came out roaring in the second half too and had several opportunities on the counter-attack they failed to capitalise on against a shell-shocked UAE whose coach Paulo Bento cut a frustrated figure in the dugout.

Alisher Dzhalilov went very close to making it 2-0 when he got on the end of a cross at the far post but blasted it wide while Nuriddin Khamrokulov saw a header from a corner fly to the right of the post.

READ MORE: Asian Cup: Vietnam end with 3 defeats, Japan outplay Indonesia

UAE eventually made them pay in stoppage time when Al Hammadi headed home to force extra time as the fans of the Gulf country found their voice and the beat of their drums reached fever pitch.

But the UAE supporters were stunned into silence when Tajikistan converted all their spot kicks to spark wild celebrations from the dugout.

United Arab Emirates' Bader Nasser Mohammad (front) competes for the ball with Tajikistan's Samiev Shahrom during the Asian Cup round of 16 soccer match between Tajikistan and United Arab Emirates at Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium in Doha, Qatar, Jan 28, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

Segrt broke his glasses in the celebrations when they sealed qualification from the group stage and this time the Croatian was careful.

READ MORE: Asian Cup: Australia become group leaders, Iran wins 3rd straight

"I was lucky, I saw the players coming (to celebrate) and I went to the team manager and handed it to them saying, "Save my glasses," he said.

Tajikistan will find out their quarter-final opponents on Monday when Iraq face Jordan.

Tajikistan's coach Petar Segrt gives instructions to his players during the Asian Cup Round of 16 soccer match between Tajikistan and United Arab Emirates, at Ahmad Bin Ali Stadium, in Al Rayyan, Qatar, Jan 28, 2024. (PHOTO / AP)

Bento said they could not control the game after losing midfielder Abdullah Ramadan to injury early in the first half and added that he did not care about the speculation surrounding his future after their exit.

READ MORE: Palestine and Syria seal historic Asian Cup last-16 spots

"I said it would be a balanced game and that's what happened. Sometimes we focus too much on teams that lose, in this case it's important we congratulate the opponent," he said.

"They took advantage of their strengths and we were not able to avoid that. I wish them the best of luck for the rest of the competition."




Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Chinese men make a racket in 2024
Chinese tennis star Zheng Qinwen enjoys an ace season
China's sprinter Su Bingtian to retire after 2025 National Games
Fan Zhendong responds to WTT statement on withdrawal, fines
Frustrated Djokovic says players kept in dark over high-profile doping cases
Late Sottil goal earns Fiorentina 2-2 draw at Juventus
Milan held to 1-1 draw by Roma's magic moment
Napoli draw level with leaders Atalanta after 1-0 win over Venezia
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/373812 
 ----- 
