header.menu
Matches
News
Fantasy
Stats Hub
Teams
More
EN
AR
SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Goodwin, Kessie and other RSL stars light up international break
NEWS
12 Oct 2024
Share
X
Facebook
Copy
LINK COPIED

The stars of the Roshn Saudi League have been making their mark already across the first couple of days of this FIFA international break, with goals and crucial contributions to history-making feats.

Al Ahli midfielder Franck Kessie led the way with two goals on Friday in Cote D’Ivoire’s 4-1 victory in their 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Sierra Leone – the second of which came from the spot as the former AC Milan and Barcelona man atoned for an early penalty miss.

The match, played in San-Pedro, also featured Al Ettifaq midfielder Seko Fofana, currently on loan from Al Nassr, and Al Orobah counterpart Jean Michael Seri.

Man like Christian Bassogog running it back like it's 2017 all over again. 🤩🇨🇲 #AFCONQ2025 pic.twitter.com/iGZUNU7her

— CAF_Online (@CAF_Online) October 11, 2024

Also in 2025 AFCON qualification, Sadio Mane continued his rich vein of form this season with the second goal in Senegal’s 4-0 win at home to Malawi. It follows the Al Nassr forward’s double in last week’s RSL encounter with Al Orobah, with Mane now standing at two goals and five assists for the 2024-25 Saudi top flight.

Al Hilal defender Kalidou Koulibaly and Al Shabab forward Habib Diallo were in action for Senegal as well, the latter as a late substitute. Also among the goals on Friday, Al Okhdood striker Christian Bassogog netted the fourth in Cameroon’s 4-1 triumph against Kenya, claiming his first goal of the 2024-25 season.

On Thursday, in-form Al Ittihad playmaker Houssam Aouar maintained his Midas touch in front of goal, with the third in Algeria’s 5-1 victory against Togo. It means the RSL summer signing has scored seven times in nine games for club and country thus far this campaign. Al Ahli winger Riyad Mahrez also featured in the match.

EVERY ANGLE: Craig Goodwin talks through his Adelaide Oval wonder goal 🚀

"The bench is definitely excited!" 😂

🇯🇵 v 🇦🇺- 15.10.24, 9:35pm AEDT
📱💻📺 Paramount+ pic.twitter.com/4JO6Xd7rnB

— Subway Socceroos (@Socceroos) October 11, 2024

In the 2026 FIFA World Cup Asian qualifiers, Al Wehda forward Craig Goodwin notched the pick of the bunch in Australia’s 3-1 win against China – fittingly taking place in Goodwin’s hometown of Adelaide.

Meanwhile, club teammate Youssef Amyn and Al Riyadh rival Ibrahim Bayesh were also celebrating three points in qualifying, with both starring in Iraq’s 1-0 triumph against Palestine in Basra. There was less positive news, though, for Saudi Arabia, who lost 2-0 to Japan at a packed King Abdullah Sports City in Jeddah.

Elsewhere, there was an historic victory for Al Khaleej midfielder Dimitris Kourbelis and his inspired Greece side, who upset England in their UEFA Nations League qualifier at Wembley to emerge 2-1 victors. The result represented Greece’s first win against England, who this summer finished runner-up at the 2024 UEFA European Championship.

Al Hilal's Salem Al Dawsari in action for Saudi Arabia v Japan

Prodigious playmaker Al Juwayr fast becoming crucial to club and country

Al Hilal loanee a huge hit for both Al Shabab and Saudi Arabia

FEATURE
10 Oct 2024
Sadio Mane: Al Nassr's resurgent star enjoying stellar season
FEATURE
09 Oct 2024
Sadio Mane wins BSF Goal of the Week MW6
VIDEO
08 Oct 2024
Al Hilal, Mitrovic, Benzema, Ronaldo, Toney: what we've learned as RSL pauses

A look at first six rounds as league breaks for FIFA internationals

FEATURE
08 Oct 2024
Reigning champions Al Hilal clinch comeback win in Jeddah thriller
NEWS
06 Oct 2024
Roshn
Visit Saudi
MedGulf
Banque Saudi Fransi
Half Million
Adidas
Pepsi
Lay's
Aquafina
Gatorade
TikTok
EA Sports
News
Video
Photo Albums
About
Regulations
Contact Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Settings
Fixtures
Results
League Table
Teams
All rights are reserved Saudi Pro League Portal © 2024
Facebook
Instagram
X
TikTok
YouTube
Snapchat
LinkedIn
Threads
Whatsapp
English
Privacy policy
Privacy and Cookies?

Use of Cookies by this site is just to guarantee Ease of Access and better user experience while browsing. Continuation of your browsing acknowledges your approval for Terms and Conditions of this site and its use of Cookies.

Accept all
Deny
Cookie Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.spl.com.sa/en/news/510397/kessie-and-other-rsl-stars-light-up-international-break 
 ----- 
