Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
BGT 2024
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Cricket News
T20 World Cup 2024
Tim Southee reprimanded for breaching ICC Code of Conduct during NZ vs WI 2024 T20 World Cup clash 
Tim Southee reprimanded for breaching ICC Code of Conduct during NZ vs WI 2024 T20 World Cup clash 
By
Gokul Nair
Modified Jun 14, 2024 21:05 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
The 2024 T20 World Cup could be Southee's last major ICC event

Veteran New Zealand bowler Tim Southee has been officially warned by the International Cricket Council (ICC) for committing a Level 1 offence according to the Code of Conduct. The incident in question took place during the 2024 T20 World Cup Group C clash against the West Indies in Trinidad on Wednesday, June 12.

According to a statement by the ICC, Southee breached Article 2.2 of the Code of Conduct for Players and Player Support Personnel, which concerns with “abuse of cricket equipment or clothing, ground equipment or fixtures and fittings during an International Match.”

"New Zealand player Tim Southee has been handed an official reprimand for breaching Level 1 of the ICC Code of Conduct during their ICC Men’s T20 World Cup 2024 Group C match against the West Indies at the Brian Lara Cricket Academy in Trinidad on Wednesday," ICC's statement read
Trending

He apparently hit a hand sanitizer dispenser on the way to the dressing room after being dismissed during the run chase. The veteran had come into bat in the 18th over after Glenn Phillips' departure was dismissed for a first-ball duck by Alzarri Joseph.

The dismissal just took the Blackcaps closer to defeat after failing to chase down the 150-run target set by the co-hosts. Following their loss to the Men in Maroon, and Afghanistan's recent triumph over Papua New Guinea, the Kane Williamson-led side have been knocked out of the competition.

Although Southee has accepted the sanction laid out by match referee David Boon and the matter has been deemed close, the player will incur one demerit point to his disciplinary record.

Southee was one of the three changes named by New Zealand for the West Indies clash

Tim Southee was not part of the New Zealand playing XI that suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of Afghanistan in their opening fixture at the 2024 T20 World Cup. The right-arm seamer came into the team in place of Matt Henry while Rachin Ravindra and James Neesham also came in for Mark Chapman and Michael Bracewell respectively.

Southee bowled a brilliant spell with the new ball, and had ended with figures of 2-21 off his four overs. He had accounted for the key wickets of Nicholas Pooran and Rovman Powell, and played a huge role in reducing the co-hosts to 30-5 at one stage.

Southee has not been handed a ban for his offence, and he is eligible for selection in New Zealand's remaining matches in the group stage against Papua New Guinea and Uganda.

Looking for fast live cricket scores? Download CricRocket and get fast score updates, top-notch commentary in-depth match stats & much more! 🚀☄️

Quick Links

T20 World Cup 2024 West Indies Cricket New Zealand Cricket Tim Southee NewsNow Cricket
Edited by Ankush Das
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/news-tim-southee-reprimanded-breaching-icc-code-conduct-nz-vs-wi-2024-t20-world-cup-clash 
 ----- 
