MENU
Updated 14:53 22 Nov 2023 GMT
Published 14:45 22 Nov 2023 GMT
UEFA rule prevented France from making Euros history against Greece
France topped Group B but missed out on the chance to make history following a 2-2 draw with Greece.

Josh Lawless

A UEFA rule prevented France from making European Championship history following their 2-2 draw with Greece.

Didier Deschamps' side were looking to finish their qualifying campaign with a perfect record having trounced Gibraltar 14-0 on Saturday.

Randal Kolo Muani put Les Bleus ahead but France found themselves heading towards a shock first loss after goals from Anastasios Bakasetas and Fotis Ioannidis turned it around for the hosts.

Youssouf Fofana levelled matters but France were a tad unlucky as in the dying minutes of the clash, Kingsley Coman's deflected cross from the right appeared to cross the line.

ADVERT

However, the goal was not awarded because goal-line technology is not utilised during Euro qualifiers and so officials were unable to determine whether it was indeed a goal or not.

TF1
@TF1
·
Follow

"L'UEFA a beaucoup d'argent et ils n'arrivent pas à mettre tout au point pour qu'on sache s'il y a but ou non"

Le coup de gueule d'Antoine Griezmann contre l'arbitrage ce soir au micro de @SaberDesfa !

Watch on X
9:54 PM · Nov 21, 2023
3.2K
Reply
Copy link
Read 69 replies

Antoine Griezmann was left furious afterwards in an interview with TF1 and the lack of goal-line technology stopped Euros history happening.

Had France won to go along with Netherlands' 6-0 hammering of Gibraltar, they would have completed the 'perfect group' in football.

ADVERT

France would have accrued eight wins, with Netherlands on six victories and Greece finishing off with four wins and Ireland on two.

Image: Getty

Finally, Gibraltar have zero wins from eight games and would have rounded off the symmetry and identical points difference.

France would have had 24, with Netherlands on 18, Greece on 12, Ireland six and Gibraltar lonely at the bottom on zero.




ADVERT

The perfect group was therefore not achieved and fans will have to wait a tad longer for the rare feat.

An emotional Marco Reus celebrates goal vs Augsburg

France finished as group winners and are therefore straight into pot one for the draw, which takes place on December 2.

Featured Image Credit: Getty & UEFA

Topics: UEFA, Euro 2024, France

Josh Lawless
The all-time Euros table has been revealed, England are only in seventh place
New FIFA rankings released as England set to rise to highest-ever position ahead of Euro 2024
Estonia have secured Euro 2024 play-off place despite zero wins due to bizarre rule
England's potential groups for Euros as best and worst case scenario shown
Choose your content:
19 mins ago
Luke Shaw makes appearance in viral TikTok video with Molly-Mae Hague and it's left fans stunned
2 hours ago
Marcus Rashford rejects three huge offers to leave Man Utd this month
4 hours ago
Old Firm derby ends in chaos after Celtic player 'struck by coin' as police forced to intervene
4 hours ago
Marcus Rashford has 'already decided' which club he wants to join but there's one huge problem
Advertise
Terms
Privacy & Cookies
LADbible Group
LADbible
Tyla
GAMINGbible
UNILAD
UNILAD Tech
License Our Content
About Us & Contact
Jobs
Latest
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportbible.com/football/football-news/uefa-france-greece-euros-511864-20231122 
 ----- 
