Did you know? Sortiraparis is a pioneering cultural guide on the Internet: we remain fiercely attached to the now rare concept of freedom of the press.
That's why Sortiraparis has made a choice at the heart of its editorial team: our journalists write only for you, our readers. Millions of you read us, and we believe you deserve independent information every time you rely on us to spend a good time with your loved ones. That's why our mission since 2002 has been to help our readers build lasting memories with their loved ones.
Companies can write professional content themselves on Sortiraparis, in which case it is always marked "sponsored" in the top left-hand corner, so that you can always identify the source. Our journalists, on the other hand, write exclusively for our readers. This independence also depends on you. Are you tired of being misled by misleading content? You can do something about it! From now on, support information spaces that are free from influence, and that defend you.
A FEW WORDS ABOUT OUR COOKIES
Cookies aren't just cakes (although we often talk about them on Sortiraparis!). Sortiraparis creates free content through advertising. That's why we and our partners store and/or access information stored on a terminal, such as Internet cookies, and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information, sent by each terminal to deliver personalized ads and content, measure ad and content performance, obtain audience data, and develop and improve products. With your permission, we and our partners may use geolocation and identification data through terminal analysis. By accepting, you consent to the processing described above, and we thank you very much for your support.
SUPPORT AND PAY
ACCEPT AND CLOSE
Follow us:
My account
NEWS
FOOD & DRINK
CULTURE
LEISURE
NIGHTS & BARS
FAMILY
GOOD DEALS
FAIRS AND EXHIBITIONSSPORT AND WELLNESSSHOPPING AND FASHIONWALKS AND PARKSGAMINGUNUSUAL
Home  Leisure  Sport and Wellness  Euro 2024: France score a record 14 goals in one match against Gibraltar
EURO 2024: FRANCE SCORE A RECORD 14 GOALS IN ONE MATCH AGAINST GIBRALTAR
Published by Graziella de Sortiraparis · Published on November 19, 2023 at 12:55 p.m.
On Saturday, November 18, 2023, Les Bleus played a match that will go down in French footballing legend, scoring a record 14 goals in the space of 90 minutes against Gibraltar!

On Saturday, the French team had no worries about playing at home against Gibraltar, even though they have already qualified forEuro 2024. All they had to do was win to be seeded in Group B, which includes the Netherlands, Greece, Ireland and Gibraltar. It was the latter country that the French were facing, not exactly renowned as a soccer nation. And the trend was quickly confirmed, with two goals in the first four minutes, including an own goal from Gibraltar's Santos.

TO BE READ
Tips for the week of December 30, 2024 - January 5, 2025 in Paris: free or cheap outings
A guide to running in Paris and the Ile-de-France region in 2025

An impressive match, in which Les Bleus scored in large numbers, with the final score 14-0. Zaïre-Emery, a very young player from Paris-Saint-Germain, took advantage of his first start for the national team to score the third goal, in the sixteenth minute. The only blemish on the evening came when he injured his ankle on the way to his goal, after being violently tackled by an opponent. But the goals didn't stop there, with a hat-trick from Mbappé, one from Clauss, a brace from Coman, one from Fofana, one from Rabiot, one from Dembélé and a brace from Giroud, who was celebrating his daughter's birthday.

A very large victory, which did not fail to amuse Internet users on social networks, and which above all surpasses a record dating back to 1995, when Les Bleus inflicted 10 goals on Azerbaijan. As a result, France have a very large goal difference in their group, ahead of their final match against Greece on November 21, 2023. Gibraltar, who played with one player missing after being shown the red card, had only lost 3-0 in the first leg.

Refer your establishment, click here
Promote your event, click here

PRACTICAL INFORMATION
Tags: soccer, FRANCE TEAM, record, news paris, euro 2024
WORTH READING TOO...
Soccer: Rodri and Aitana Bonmati receive the Ballon d'Or 2024 award
Soccer: free tickets for Paris FC matches at Stade Charléty all season long
2024 Paralympic Games: discover goalball, its rules, its full program
The Parc des Princes, a soccer temple that has been home to Paris-Saint-Germain since 1974
School vacations: soccer camps for children with the PSG Academy
Euro 2024: France already qualified for the European Championship, a clean sweep for Les Bleus
Paris-Saint-Germain: Kylian Mbappé becomes the club's top scorer
Euro 2024: discover the French squad for the qualifiers
COMMENTS
Today
Tomorrow
This week-end
Next week
Paris Basketball's next must-see games at the Adidas Arena
Built for the Olympic Games, the Adidas Arena is now Paris Basketball's year-round stadium, providing the perfect setting for a host of basketball matches in this urban venue. Find out what's coming up next!
Paris-Saint-Germain: the calendar for January 2025, matches to watch
In January 2025, many trophies are at stake at Paris-Saint-Germain! A chance for Luis Enrique and his new recruits to continue their success at national and European level.
A real skating rink sets up Parc André Citroën: Patins en folie
Feel like skating in the fresh air of Paris? The Parc André Citroën, in the 15ᵉ arrondissement, is the place to be, from December 15, 2024 to March 2, 2025, to enjoy a 450 m² ice rink. We tell you all about it.
Christmas 2024-2025 in Paris: an ice rink a stone's throw from the Bois de Vincennes
On your skates! For Christmas 2024, Vincennes is delighting young and old alike with an open-air ice skating rink on the Hôtel de Ville esplanade. See you there from December 6, 2024 to January 5, 2025!
Climbing District Saint-Lazare, a climbing gym and coworking space hidden in a chapel
How about a climb in an atypical location? Climbing District is located in the 8th arrondissement of Paris, close to the Saint-Lazare train station. Housed in a hidden former chapel, this climbing gym, which looks like an old library, is sure to surprise. Tip: coworking spaces with free wifi and coffee shop.
PSG Stadium Tour : For Christmas, get your ticket to the Parc des Princes!
Paris Saint-Germain invites you to discover its history and go behind the scenes of its mythical home! From December 21 and throughout the vacation season, come and experience the magic of the festive season at the Parc des Princes.
Where to play soccer in Paris? Open-air pitches in the capital
You've got a great champion in you: come and show off your soccer skills on the sports fields of Paris, during an open-air match with friends.
Head Spa by Pop my curls, a sensory Japanese head spa for curly hair near Paris
Have you seen those Japanese HeadSpas that are all the rage on social networks? No need to take a plane to enjoy this wellness experience: a concept within navigo's reach awaits you in the Paris region. Bonus: services are also available for curly hair and locks!
Piscine Roger Le Gall, a naturist swimming pool in Paris
The Piscine Roger Le Gall is a swimming spot located in the 12th arrondissement of Paris that offers swimmers an open-air pool on sunny days, a 100% indoor pool, a solarium and dedicated slots for naturist sessions!
The Pontoise swimming pool, this Art Deco jewel in Paris has reopened: prices, activities and squash
The legendary Pontoise swimming pool, an Art Deco jewel listed as a Monument Historique, reopened its doors in early December 2023 after extensive renovation work. Located at 19, rue Pontoise in the 5th arrondissement of Paris, this historic swimming pool, designed by the same architect as Molitor and Pailleron, invites you to discover its unique architecture and new facilities. Fitness, weight training and squash await you.
Play Padel in Paris: Sportfield installs a court overlooking the Eiffel Tower
Fancy playing padel in the heart of Paris, with the Eiffel Tower as a backdrop? We tried out Sportfield's brand-new "central 16" court under a magnificent autumn blue sky, and had a great time!
Pilate Reformer at Riise: a group class set to the rhythm of music to tone the body
Would you like to try out the Pilate Reformer? Riise now offers accessible Pilate reformer classes. Set to music and focusing on your breathing, the group class lets you build muscle and refine your body with the help of a coach.
Refine your search
LIVE FEED
Live feedMost read
Thursday
08:05 p.m.
Paris 2024: will the Olympic and Paralympic cauldron soon be at Hangar Y in Meudon?
07:50 p.m.
Winter 2025 sales in Paris: opening hours and special store & mall openings
06:45 p.m.
The Schengen area expands: two new countries to join in 2025
04:00 p.m.
Line 9 of the metro: works and closures in 2025
02:43 p.m.
150 years of the Palais Garnier: exhibitions, concerts, galas, special tours, the program at the Opéra
 
See more
CALENDAR
<<
JANUARY 2025
>>
M	T	W	T	F	S	S
 	 	1	2	3	4	5
6	7	8	9	10	11	12
13	14	15	16	17	18	19
20	21	22	23	24	25	26
27	28	29	30	31	 	 
LATEST CITY-GUIDES
January 2025 sports activities and events in Paris and the Île-de-France region
Not-to-be-missed 2025 marathons and half-marathons in Paris and the Ile-de-France region
Guide to 2025 solidarity running events in Paris and the Île-de-France region
A guide to running in Paris and the Ile-de-France region in 2025
All city-guides: Leisure >
Advertising • Add your location or event • Add a location • FAQ / Contact
Manifest • Legal notice • Privacy policy • Sortir de Paris
Receive our best tips à Paris et en Île de France (in French) for free, registration below:
>
1
Gérer Notifications
SUBSCRIBE
Your personal notification data:
DOWNLOAD
CLEAR
WonderPush fully supports european GDPR
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sortiraparis.com/en/what-to-do-in-paris/sport-wellness/articles/304901-euro-2024-france-score-a-record-14-goals-in-one-match-against-gibraltar 
 ----- 
