Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
Top Soccer
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
Women's NCAA Volleyball
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
VIEW ALL
Serie A
Summary
Statistics
EMP
1
GEN
2
FT
Summary
Statistics
PAR
2
MON
1
FT
Summary
Report
CAG
0
INT
3
FT
Summary
Report
LAZ
1
ATA
1
FT
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
NEW! Find where to watch all of your favorite sports!
2024 European Championship, Group Stage
SVK
1-0-1, 3 PTS
1
FT
UKR
1-0-1, 3 PTS
2
Ivan Schranz - 17'
Mykola Shaparenko - 54'Roman Yaremchuk - 80'
Summary
Report
Commentary
Statistics
Line-Ups
Videos
Euro 2024: Ukraine edge Slovakia to keep hopes alive
1:19
Are Spain now favourites to win Euro 2024?

The ESPN FC crew discuss whether Spain have snuck ahead to be Euro 2024 favourites after their 1-0 victory over Italy.

ByReuters
Updated: Jun 21, 2024, 04:45 pm

Ukraine revived their Euro 2024 hopes as substitute Roman Yaremchuk's late goal saw them hit back after falling a goal behind to beat Slovakia 2-1 in a lively Group E clash on Friday.

Trailing at half-time to an early goal scored by Ivan Schranz, Ukraine's hopes were hanging by a thread but they produced a storming comeback in front of their joyous fans.

Slovakia, who shocked Belgium in their opening match, would have ensured a place in the round of 16 with a win, but after a dream start, they paid the price for sitting back.

Mykola Shaparenko equalised in the 54th minute with a close-range finish before Ukraine snatched a vital win as Yaremchuk controlled a lofted pass by Shaparenko to prod past Slovakia goalkeeper Martin Dúbravka.

Victory lifted Ukraine level on three points with Slovakia and Romania, who face Belgium on Saturday.

Just as they did at Euro 2020, Slovakia had won their opening match in impressive fashion, this time by stunning Belgium. Three years ago, however, they still ended up crashing out at the group stage.

They began against Ukraine clearly determined to avoid a repeat and dominated the opening exchanges on a Düsseldorf pitch greased up by pre-match rain.

Ukraine fought back from a goal down to beat Slovakia 2-1.
Charlotte Wilson/Offside/Offside via Getty Images

Ukraine goalkeeper Anatoliy Trubin, one of five changes to the Ukraine team beaten 3-0 by Romania, kept his side level with saves in quick succession to keep out a Lukás Haraslín shot and Schranz's close-range effort.

Slovakia were rewarded for their positive start in the 17th minute when Haraslin's measured lobbed cross was headed in at the far post by Schranz for his second goal of the tournament, having also scored winner against Belgium.

With their tournament hopes looking as gloomy as the Düsseldorf sky, Ukraine finally sprang to life.

Mykhailo Mudryk blasted one shot high over the bar and had a better effort blocked by Slovakia defender Peter Pekarík before right back Oleksandr Tymchyk thumped a skidding low drive against the post with keeper Dubravka beaten.

Dubravka then had to be alert to beat out a free kick by Oleksandr Zinchenko, although at the other end, Slovakia threatened to double their lead on the counterattack with Haraslin's shot well saved by Trubin.

Ukraine began the second half on the front foot, and Artem Dovbyk, top scorer in La Liga last season, was just unable to direct a Mudryk cross at goal.

Kicking toward their yellow-and-blue-clad fans, Ukraine's mounting pressure paid off a minute later when an unmarked Shaparenko was picked out by Zinchenko's silky pass, and he calmly sent a left-footed shot into the corner.

Slovakia looked content to hang on for a point but were fortunate when Mudryk struck the post with a shot from an acute angle with 15 minutes left.

Ukraine then dug deep, and Yaremchuk was picked out by the excellent Shaparenko to send the war-torn nation into their final group game full of hope.

Game Information
Merkur Spiel-Arena
1:00 PM, June 21, 2024
Coverage: FuboTV
Düsseldorf, Germany
Line: UKR -0.5
Over/Under: 2.5
Attendance: 43,910
Referees:
Michael Oliver
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Your US State Privacy Rights
Children's Online Privacy Policy
Interest-Based Ads
About Nielsen Measurement
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Contact Us
Disney Ad Sales Site
Work for ESPN
Corrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2024 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/soccer/report/_/gameId/690593 
 ----- 
