Please keep in mind that this site is using cookies. Read below the types of cookies we collect. Cookies policy
Preferences Accept all cookies
SLOVAKIA VS UKRAINE: PREVIEW, LINEUPS AND PREDICTIONS
NewsUEFA EUROEURO 2024Slovakia vs Ukraine
19 June 2024
0
Slovakia vs Ukraine EURO2024

Ukraine suffered a shock 3-0 defeat to Romania in their Group E opener and desperately need a win from Friday’s upcoming clash with Slovakia. Anything less than three points would leave Serhiy Rebrov’s side having to beat Belgium to stand a chance of making it into the last 16. Failure to reach this stage would represent an upset given that pre-tournament Opta calculated there was a 70% chance Ukraine would reach the Last 16.

A much bigger shock, however, would be if Slovakia ends up topping Group E, something that is a real possibility after stunning Belgium in their opening match. Francesco Calzona’s men rode their luck at times but deserve a lot of credit for holding their own against a nation ranked third in the world. Brimming with confidence after that 1-0 win, Slovakia will be expecting more points to come their way this weekend.

Location: Dusseldorf
Stadium: Dusseldorf Arena (Merkur Spiel-Arena)
Date: 21 June 2024
Kick-off Time: 15:00 CEST (14:00 BST)
Referee: Michael Oliver
VAR: Bastian Dankert
Slovakia Team News
Source: BTA

Juraj Kucka was in danger of missing some of Euro 2024, but after two months on the sidelines, he made his comeback during the Wales friendly on 9th June. Having been bolstered from this run-out, the 37-year-old managed to play every minute of the win over Belgium. Slovakia’s other pre-tournament injury concerns related to Róbert Boženík and László Bénes, who both picked up knocks against Wales. Boženík looked fine, though, as he completed 70 minutes against Belgium while Bénes was an unused substitute. This suggests Bénes may not have been at 100% for the match but should be for this one.

Ukraine Team News
Source: BTA

Ukraine faces being without their regular left-back, the 41-capped Vitaliy Mykolenko, for this test. Oleksandr Zinchenko can comfortably fill the gap in the back four, but the Arsenal man is generally preferred in central midfield when playing in his country, as he makes a larger impact there. Although Mykolenko’s injury is not as bad as first feared, Rebrov confirmed it is not the type of injury that heals in just a couple of days. The Everton fullback is the only question mark for this one, though, as otherwise there are no injuries in the Ukrainian squad.

Slovakia vs Ukraine H2H Record and Key Numbers

These two sides have a competitive head-to-head record but one that narrowly favours Ukraine. From their eight previous clashes, Ukraine have won three, drawn three and lost two. The Synio-Zhovti were, however, soundly beaten when last facing Slovakia.

Date	Result	Competition
16 Nov 2018	Slovakia 4-1 Ukraine	UEFA Nations League
09 Sep 2018	Ukraine 1-0 Slovakia	UEFA Nations League
10 Nov 2017	Ukraine 2-1 Slovakia	International Friendly
08 Sep 2015	Slovakia 0-0 Ukraine	UEFA European Championship – Qualifying
08 Sep 2014	Ukraine 0-1 Slovakia	UEFA European Championship – Qualifying

Of the two, Slovakia narrowly boasts the better form coming into the clash. Since the October international break, the Sokoli have won six of their nine matches, whereas Ukraine has claimed victory in five of nine.

Possible Lineups
Slovakia (4-3-3): Dúbravka – Pekarík, Vavro, Škriniar, Hancko – Kucka, Lobotka, Duda – Schranz, Boženík, Haraslín
Ukraine (4-2-3-1): Lunin – Konoplia, Zabarnyi, Matviyenko, Zinchenko – Shaparenko, Stepanenko – Tsygankov, Sudakov, Mudryk – Dovbyk
Where to Watch Slovakia vs Ukraine Euro 2024 – TV and Online Live Streaming

This game will be available to view live on Ukraine’s Megogo and Slovakia’s TV Markíza. If tuning in from the UK, you can watch the action via BBC One or BBC iPlayer.

Match Prediction

Ukraine’s opening game performance provides real cause for concern. They were the favourites to beat Romania but ended up looking second-best all over the pitch. Following this, it is hard to see how Rebrov can inspire a big turnaround in such little time. Slovakia, on the other hand, showed some brilliant cohesion and organisation in their opening fixture. There are no guarantees they will be at the same level here, but given the generous odds available for a Slovakia win, I think this makes for a very attractive bet.

Prediction	
	

Slovakia to Win	3.55	3.65

*Odds are subject to change

For more Slovakia vs Ukraine predictions, you can check the tips page of this game.

EURO 2024
News
UEFA EURO
Author
Kristiyan Kyulyunkov
Kristiyan Kyulyunkov specializes in bookmakers’ analyses. He has years of experience betting online and always keeps an eye on the different operators. His tasks in Nostrabet include writing, editing and publishing expert reviews.
COMMENT

No comments added yet. Be the first!

LATEST NEWS
Best Esports Events In 2025 You Can Bet On
Mbogo Enock asks: How do I post my Tips here?
The Biggest Sports Controversies in 2024 – You’ll Be Shocked By Number 3
Betting on Women’s Sports – Opportunities, Trends & Predictions for 2025
Best asks: “How do I get sure two odd”
EURO 2024
EURO 2024 Tournament Recap – Stats, Most Impressive Players & More
Spain vs England Match Preview: Lineups, News & Prediction (EURO2024 FINAL)
Netherlands vs England (EURO 2024): Preview, Lineups & Predictions (Semi-final)
Spain vs France EURO 2024 Prediction & Preview (Semi-final)
Netherlands vs Türkiye Match Prediction & Preview (EURO 2024 1/4 finals)
EN
Your Place for Betting Reviews,
Bonuses and Predictions Since 2013
 439
Bookmakers
 954
Casinos
 3338
Bonuses
 248
Guide Articles
 28
Certified Experts
 22853
Satisfied Users
Content
Bonuses
Best UK Betting Sites
Casinos
Comparison
Tips
Mobile Betting
eSports
Betting Guides
Useful
News
FAQ
Contacts
About Us
Write for Us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Sitemap
As featured on
Socials Networks
 
 
 
 
E-mail
support@nostrabet.com
18+
©2013 - 2024 Nostrabet.com - All rights reserved. This site is not suitable for people under 18!
18+ Please, play responsibly!
Like
Love
Haha
Wow
Sad
Angry
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nostrabet.com/en/news/slovakia-ukraine-euro2024-match-preview/ 
 ----- 
