SUPPORT US
CAREERS
CONTACT
SIGN IN

Home
News
Politics
Economy
Opinion
Lifestyle
Features
Society
Education
Western Sahara
World Cup U-17
Home
CAN 2024
CAN 2024
Morocco Wins Friendly Against Sierra Leone 3-1 Ahead of AFCON

Morocco will play its first competition match on January 17 against Tanzania.

Abdellah ErrajiJan. 11, 2024 5:47 p.m.
Get daily news updates through our channels:
Join Whatsapp
Join Telegram
Morocco has won over Sierra Leone on 4 occasions out of 5.

Rabat - The Moroccan national football team won its friendly match today against Sierra Leone 3-1, as part of its preparations for the upcoming AFCON. The match took place at the Stade Auguste Denise in Cote d’Ivoire.

With the Atlas Lions seeking to leave a good first impression ahead of AFCON, Moroccan striker Youssef En-Nesyri opened the scoring for his team in the 30th minute. Five minutes later, winger Sofiane Boufal scored a second goal, while Sierra Leone managed to score just once during the first half.

Ten minutes after the start of the second half, En-Nesyri scored his double, to end the game triumphant 3-1.

Throughout history, the two teams met on five occasions where Morocco finished victorious four times, with one game ending in a draw.

The Atlas Lions will compete in Group F alongside Tanzania, DR Congo, and Zambia at the highly anticipated African showpiece.

Morocco will embark on its new championship journey on January 17 to play its first group stage match against its Tanzanian counterpart. It will then face DR Congo on January 21 and Zambia on January 24.

Having won a single title in 1976 and being finalist the last time in 2004, the Atlas Lions eagerly seek to bring home a second title.

Speaking about Morocco’s preparations for the AFCON, the Moroccan forward Abde Ezzalzouli stated on Wednesday that the team is "trying to adapt to the weather and the pitch," stressing that a lot of effort is put into getting ready for the first game.

Additionally, he urged Moroccan supporters to encourage the players, saying that their support will only strengthen the team and push it to produce satisfying results.

Read also: Amine Adli: AFCON Is Highly Unpredictable Competition

© Morocco World News. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Support

Your support allows us to continue delivering quality journalism that is accessible to audiences across the globe. Every contribution, however big or small, is valuable for our mission and readers.

Support Morocco World News from as little as $10 – and it only takes a minute. Thank you.
Support MWN Remind me in February
0 | 0


Login

Comments
2

Morocco played in their training stadium in San-Pedro (Stade Auguste-Denise), not the one for the competition games

fati Atmani on Jan. 11, 2024 0 Not Appropriate

The information you gave us is incorrect. Morocco didn't play at the San Pedro stadium but at the Stade Auguste-Denise.

fati Atmani on Jan. 11, 2024 0 Not Appropriate

RELATED ARTICLES
Report: 70% of Moroccans Do Not Own a Car?
Morocco’s Trade Deficit Reached $26.8 Billion in November 2024
Over 10,300 Police Officers Promoted in 2024, A New Milestone for Morocco
Morocco’s Higher Education Minister Pledges Efforts to Increase University Dormitories Capacity
Morocco Improves Pay and Career Pathways for Prison Staff
Morocco Mobilizes High Profile Security Measures as Locals, Tourists Ring in the New Year
King Mohammed VI Exchanges New Year Greetings with World leaders
Morocco, Qatar Seek Stronger Military Cooperation
Recent
Popular
Comments
Morocco Records 78,244 New Businesses In First 10 Months Of 2024

IFFhS Names Soufiane Rahimi World’s Best Goalscorer In 2024

Report Shows Increase In Suicide Cases Among IOF Since October 2023

OCP Group Signs $205 Million Equipment Deal With Chinese Heavy Machinery Giant

Report: 70% Of Moroccans Do Not Own A Car?

YOU MAY LIKE
Morocco’s Futsal Team Secures Semi-Final Spot In 2024 AFCON

Regragui Wants To Win AFCON Trophy In Morocco

Regragui-Mbemba Clash: Bounou Says DR Congo Captain Was Provocative, Disrespectful

Walid Regragui’s Post-CAN Exit Media Appearance Disappoints Fans

USEFUL LINKS
About
Careers
Contact
Privacy Policy
Terms Of Use
Cookies Policy
REGIONS
International
Maghreb
Middle East
Americas
Europe
Africa
TOPICS
Environment
Politics & Society
Sports
Lifestyle
Technology
Western Sahara



We understand that your online privacy is very important and consenting to our collection of some personal information takes great trust. We ask for this consent because it allows us to provide an experience that truly gives a voice to the voiceless.

You have the option to decline the cookies we automatically place on your browser but allowing us and our trusted partners to use cookies or similar technologies helps us improve our content and offerings to you. You can change your privacy preferences at any time by selecting ‘Cookie preferences’ at the bottom of your screen. To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.

AcceptCookie preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.moroccoworldnews.com/2024/01/360078/morocco-wins-friendly-against-sierra-leone-3-1-ahead-of-afcon 
 ----- 
