Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Sports
Living
Entertainment
Features
Public Notices
Classifieds
Obituaries
Lakeway Homes & More
Lakeway Area Jobs
Site search
Toggle navigation
Isaac H. 'Cotton' McDaniel
Sep 2, 2024  0
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Isaac H. “Cotton” McDaniel, 80, of Bean Station, went home to be with the Lord, Sunday, September 1, 2024, after a long battle with cancer.  He served in the United States Army during the Vietnam War and was stationed in Frankfort Germany.  He was honorably discharged as SP4 in 1967.  He was saved at a young age and was a member of Grissom Island Baptist Church.  He also worked for many years as a carpenter, was a member of the Carpenter’s Local Union #50, and farmed throughout his life. 

He was preceded in death by his wife, of 31 years, Wanda McDaniel; parents, Winton and Delta McDaniel; brothers, Lawrence and Dale McDaniel; son, Shannon Welch; and granddaughter, Ella Kate DeBord.

Survivors include his daughter, Amanda (Steven) DeBord; grandchildren, Meghan (Matt) Owens; Madison Welch, Caydon, Elliott, Jenna, Wyatt and Caroline DeBord; great grandchildren, Marlee and Myles Owens; brother, Bruce (Donna) McDaniel; sister, Ina Lee (Doyle) Carpenter; as well as several nieces and nephews; special friends, Bob and Sherry Monday; and Cotton’s Neighbors, Chris Wolfe and Todd Brabson.

The family would like to thank Thompson Oncology Group of Morristown; Dr. Mailien Rogers and Staff; Amedisys Home Health and Hospice; and all of Cotton’s caregivers.  

The family will receive friends 5-7 p.m., Wednesday, September 4, 2024, in the East Chapel of Allen Funeral Home.  Funeral services will follow the visitation at 7 p.m., with Rev. Brian Warf and Michael Long officiating.  Army Funeral Honors and graveside services will be held 11 a.m., Thursday, September 5, 2024, in Meadow Branch Cemetery, Bean Station, TN.

Arrangements by Allen Funeral Home.  

To plant a tree in memory of Isaac McDaniel as a living tribute, please visit Tribute Store.
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Health Care Health
 
 (0) ENTRIES
Sign the guestbook.

Log In

Around The Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Nevada: Say Bye to Your Insurance Bill if You Live in These Zip Codes
Otto Quotes
A 70-year-old Grandma Designed a Bra That is Sweeping Nevada
Pubyfun
Bariatrician Stunned: Forget Ozempic, This "Fixes" Your Hanging Belly! Try It!
Right Wing Health
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
SUBMIT AN OBITUARY
Need to submit an obituary or death notice? Please email: obits@citizentribune.com
FUNERAL HOMES
Our Lakeway Marketplace has many funeral homes and funeral service providers.
See a List of Local Funeral Homes
FLOWERS & GIFTS
If you are looking to send flowers, our Lakeway Marketplace has many florists.
See a List of Local Florists
SIGN A GUESTBOOK
Offer a personal message of sympathy...

You'll find individual Guest Books on the page with each obituary notice. By sharing a fond memory or writing a kind tribute, you will be providing a comforting keepsake to those in mourning. From a Guest Book, you may log in with your Google, Facebook, Yahoo or AOL account to leave a message. If you have an existing account with this site, you may log in with that. Otherwise, it's simple to create a new one by clicking on the Create "Sign up" button and following the simple steps on the Sign Up page.

SECTIONS
Home
News
Sports
Lifestyles
Entertainment
Local Events
Features
Classifieds
Obituaries
Lakeway Homes & More
East TN Auto
Lakeway Area Jobs
SERVICES
Subscribe
Search
Submit News
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Rack Locations
Promote Your Event
Weather
About Us
CitizenTribune.com
1609 W. 1st N. Street
Morristown, TN 37814
Phone: 423-581-5630
Email: info@citizentribune.com

ONLINE ISSN
2833-7387
FOLLOW US
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App



Click here to manage your notifications
© Copyright 2024 Citizen Tribune 1609 W. 1st N. Street, Morristown, TN  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.citizentribune.com/obituaries/isaac-h-cotton-mcdaniel/article_35cab2da-694f-11ef-b4cc-1771c4cb1903.html 
 ----- 
