Skip To Content
JEWISH. INDEPENDENT. NONPROFIT.
Support Our Work
Search
Submit
TRUMP TRANSITION
ISRAEL AT WAR
ANTISEMITISM
REPUBLISH OUR ARTICLES
פֿאָרווערטס
FAST FORWARD
Israeli Deni Avdija sits out Yom Kippur NBA game; Jewish BYU quarterback suits up
‘I feel that the best way to start the season is by honoring Jewish tradition,’ Avdija said before the game
Copy to clipboard
Share on Facebook
Share on X
Share on Bluesky
Share on Reddit
Share on Email
Print Article
Republish Article

Quarterback Jake Retzlaff is entering his second season with Brigham Young University. (Jaren Wilkey/BYU)

By Philissa Cramer
October 14, 2024

(JTA) — Portland Trail Blazers forward Deni Avdija sat out his first preseason game with his new team on Yom Kippur, saying that his priorities had shifted after Hamas’ Oct. 7, 2023, attack on his native Israel.

“Tomorrow, on the eve of Yom Kippur, the first pre-season game of the season will take place. When the management informed me, I knew right away that I would not participate. I feel that the best way to start the season is by honoring Jewish tradition and standing united with my fellow Jews in Israel and around the world,” Avdija posted on an Instagram story on Thursday.

“Basketball has been a central part of my life for as long as I can remember, and it’s always been my top priority. However, after the past year, I’ve realized there are more important things than basketball,” Avdija added. “Am Yisrael Chai. Wishing everyone a good inscription and sealing.”

Forwarding the News

Thoughtful, balanced reporting from the Forward and around the web, bringing you updated news and analysis each day.

Terms(Required)
I agree to the Forward's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
Email(Required)

Avdija, 23, is the only Israeli player in the NBA. The Washington Wizards traded him to the Trail Blazers over the summer, shortly after inking a $55 million, four-season contract with him. Born to a Jewish Israeli mother and Muslim father who immigrated to Israel from Yugoslavia to play basketball, Avdija grew up on Kibbutz Beit Zera, a Jordan Valley village that both housed evacuees from the Gaza border since Oct. 7 and has faced a security crisis of its own.

Whether Jewish athletes and other celebrities take Yom Kippur off has long been of intense interest for American Jews, as typified by nearly 60 years of veneration of Sandy Koufax, the Los Angeles Dodger who sat out game one of the 1965 World Series (and possibly attended synagogue in Minnesota instead).

Unlike with Koufax, Avdija’s game was of little consequence: It was a preseason game with no effect on his team’s standing. Still, his presence could have altered the final score, as the Trail Blazers dropped the game against the LA Clippers by two points. (Portland bested the Sacramento Kings by 20 points on Sunday; Avdija, who played for 20 minutes, notched five of them.)

And his decision — unlikely to be repeated, because the basketball preseason rarely overlaps with the High Holidays — also inspired Jewish sports fans anxious about the spike in antisemitic incidents that has accompanied the Oct. 7 attack and the subsequent Israel-Hamas war in Gaza.

“It’s preseason, but the gesture is important, especially when Jewish people are being attacked around the world,” tweeted Acorn Sports, an account operated by a Jewish sports buff. “Respect.”

Another notable Jewish athlete did suit up on Yom Kippur. Jake Retzlaff, the starting quarterback at Brigham Young University, a Mormon school where he is one of just three Jewish students, chose to take the field against Arizona on Saturday.

“He might get a lot of criticism from this, but we’ve taught them to be part of both worlds,” his mother, Maxanne, said in an episode of ESPN “College GameDay” focused on her son. “That’s the way he can best contribute to the community that he’s in right now.”

Retzlaff himself has embraced representing Judaism at BYU, wearing a Star of David necklace on and off the field and giving rise to the moniker “BYJew.” He told ESPN that he saw an upside in playing on Yom Kippur, which he also did last year, his first with the team after being recruited out of junior colleges in his native California.

“It’s going to be a special day that there’s a Jewish kid playing football on Yom Kippur because if that makes headlines, that means I get to be another light for somebody else,” he said. “And that means I have to win.”

BYU, ranked 13, bested Arizona 41-19.

College football’s schedule means that Retzlaff will never need to play on a holy day for his Mormon teammates: Sunday is not a regular game day in the sport. BYU famously bars sports competition on Sundays, and the NCAA has twice adjusted the spring basketball tournament to accommodate the team.

A message from our Publisher & CEO Rachel Fishman Feddersen

I hope you appreciated this article. Before you go, I’d like to ask you to please support the Forward’s award-winning, nonprofit journalism so that we can be prepared for whatever news 2025 brings.

Now more than ever, American Jews need independent news they can trust, with reporting driven by truth, not ideology. We serve you, not any ideological agenda.

At a time when other newsrooms are closing or cutting back, the Forward has removed its paywall and invested additional resources to report on the ground from Israel and around the U.S. on the impact of the war, rising antisemitism and polarized discourse.

Readers like you make it all possible. Support our work by becoming a Forward Member and connect with our journalism and your community.

—  Rachel Fishman Feddersen, Publisher and CEO

With your support, we’ll be ready for whatever 2025 brings.
$36
$500
$120
$180
OTHER AMOUNT
Dive In
Deni Avdija
Sports
Yom Kippur
FAST FORWARD
A synagogue that survived the Palisades fire has become a ‘refuge’ for many who lost their homes
FAST FORWARD
London Police ask upcoming pro-Palestinian rally to move away from synagogue
FAST FORWARD
A rabbi and his son were arrested for vandalizing a swastika mural. Are they heroes or hooligans?
FAST FORWARD
Israel’s judicial overhaul is back. So are the protests.
Explore
MOST POPULAR
1
NEWS
Scoop: Heritage Foundation plans to ‘identify and target’ Wikipedia editors
2
FAST FORWARD
Their Pacific Palisades synagogue is standing, but all three rabbis lost their homes
3
NEWS
‘Do you have the Torahs?’ Synagogue races LA wildfire to rescue its past and future
4
CULTURE
In Peter Yarrow’s legacy, an uneasy blend of Jewish values and personal transgressions
IN CASE YOU MISSED IT
NEWS
LA fires won’t stop bar mitzvahs this Shabbat, as joy and pain meet
NEWS
HIAS cuts 22 staff even as it braces for Trump immigration crackdown
FAST FORWARD
A synagogue that survived the Palisades fire has become a ‘refuge’ for many who lost their homes
NEWS
When fire spread to West Hollywood, a rabbi’s mom chose to grab candlesticks
Shop the Forward Store

100% of profits support our journalism

Previous
ACCESSORY

Our founder, Ab Cahan

Tote bag
APPAREL

1960s Yiddish hipi hoodie

Premium pullover hoodie
APPAREL

It's spelled Khanike tee

Premium tee
APPAREL

The Forverts est. 1897 hoodie

Women's premium hoodie
Next
1
2
3
4
5
ABOUT
CONTACT US
HELP
JOBS
MEMBERSHIP
NEWSLETTERS
REPUBLICATION GUIDELINES
STORE
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube

The Forward is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. We have removed our paywall, making all our content free for the first time in our history. Become a member and support independent Jewish journalism.

THE JEWISH DAILY FORWARD ℠

Copyright © 2025 The Forward Association, Inc. All rights reserved.

Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Close
Advertisement: 0:52
Advertisement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://forward.com/fast-forward/663724/israeli-deni-avdija-sits-out-yom-kippur-nba-game-jewish-byu-football-player-suits-up/ 
 ----- 
