About
About EC
Contact Us
Our Ambassadors
Our Contributors
Our Mission
Our Patrons
Support Us
Write for us
#GlobalGame
Teams
EC Profiles Homepage
Africa
Botswana
Cameroon
Gambia
Ghana
Kenya
Malawi
Mali
Morocco
Mozambique
Namibia
Nigeria
Rwanda
Saint Helena
Sierra Leone
Tanzania
Uganda
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Americas
Argentina
Bermuda
Brazil
Canada
Chile
Colombia
Mexico
Peru
Uruguay
USA
Asia
Bhutan
China
Hong Kong
Kuwait
Malaysia
Maldives
Myanmar
Nepal
Oman
Qatar
Singapore
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Thailand
UAE
Uzbekistan
East Asia Pacific
Fiji
Indonesia
Japan
Korea
New Caledonia
Papua New Guinea
Samoa
Vanuatu
Europe
Austria
Belgium
Bulgaria
Czech Republic
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Guernsey
Hungary
Ireland
Isle of Man
Italy
Jersey
Luxembourg
Malta
Netherlands
Norway
Portugal
Romania
Russia
Scotland
Sweden
Switzerland
Live
Watch Live
EC Cricket Calendar
Podcast
Podcast stories
iTunes
Podbean / Direct Download
Spotify
News | Insight | Opinion
News
Insight
Opinion
Featured
Columns
By Hook or by Brooks
EC Rewind
Super Over
Events
ICC Events
Men’s T20 World Cup
Men’s World Cup Leagues
CWC Super League
CWC League 2
CWC Challenge League A
CWC Challenge League B
U19 World Cup
Women’s T20 World Cup
Women’s Qualifiers
World Cricket League Div. 2
Asia Cup
Everest Premier League
Euro T20 Slam
European Cricket League
GT20 Canada
Major League Cricket
Tajikistan T10
Vanuatu T10 Blast
Zambia T10 League
#ECVoice
Read #ECVoice
Write for us
NEWS
EC Roundup – 22nd December 2024 – Nepal shine at U19 Asia Cup
EC Roundup – 15th December 2024 – Americas Subregional goes to final day
EC Roundup – 8th December 2024 – From Hong Kong to Buenos Aires
Sudurpaschim Royals secures third consecutive win
Karnali Yaks bring up their first win in Nepal Premier League
ABOUT
TEAMS
LIVE
PODCAST
MORE
EventsMen's T20 World CupNews
T20 World Cup 2024 team preview: The Netherlands
By Rod Lyall -
1st June 2024
Scott Edwards at T20 World Cup media day

Like fellow-Associates Scotland, the Netherlands has a cricket tradition going back to the nineteenth century. The side’s recent successes in both the ODI and T20 formats have come in part through the successful recruitment of Dutch passport-holders from Australia, New Zealand and South Africa. The Sub-continental influence in the Dutch men’s game has grown steadily over the past forty years, and that is reflected in the current squad.

This is the seventh time the Netherlands has reached the T20 World Cup, and their scalps famously including two victories over England, at Lord’s in 2009 and in Chittagong in 2014, as well as their wins against Zimbabwe and South Africa last time out. In addition, they have played in five 50-over World Cup tournaments.

Participation in the now-abolished ODI Super League gave skipper Scott Edwards’s team a massive boost in experience and gamecraft, although they have frequently had to struggle with the absence of several key players who are contracted to English counties. With the withdrawal of Kent’s left-arm paceman Fred Klaassen, the only county-contracted player in this squad is Durham’s Bas de Leede. They will without question greatly miss the experience of Roelof van der Merwe in this tournament. But eleven of the 15-man squad played in India last year, while eight survive from the 2022 T20 Cup campaign in Australia.

How the Netherlands qualified?

A surprise victory over South Africa in Adelaide, their final match of the 2022 T20 Cup, saw the Dutch finish eighth overall and qualify directly for the 2024 event.

Fixtures

Tuesday, 4 June 2024, v Nepal, Dallas

Saturday, 8 June 2024, v South Africa, New York

Thursday, 13 June 2024, v Bangladesh, St Vincent

Sunday, 16 June 2024, v Sri Lanka, St Lucia

Key players

Captain Scott Edwards has a talismanic influence on his side, although his record with the bat is decidedly better in the 50-over format than in T20s. He is an astute captain in the field, a reliable and at times brilliant wicketkeeper, and by a distance the best batter against spin bowling in the team. There have been signs recently that he has worked hard to expand his range of scoring strokes, and once he returns to a settled position in the batting order – experiments with pushing him up the order have not really come off so far – he may become one of the real successes of the tournament.

Bas de Leede, son of former national captain and allrounder Tim and now playing under former Dutch coach Ryan Campbell, is still only 24, but he already has 91 caps for his country across all formats. A lively pace bowler and hard-hitting middle-order batter, he has a number of match-winning T20 innings under his belt, and although his economy rate as a bowler is high even by the standards of the shortest format, he has a knack of taking important wickets at crucial moments, and his average with the ball of 17.73 is impressively low.

Logan van Beek bowled consistently well in the recent tri-series against Ireland and Scotland, and he is certain to have a central role in the Dutch attack, looking to take early wickets and then returning at intervals to add a cutting edge or stem the flow of runs. His destructive power with the bat is attested by his Super-Over demolition of the West Indies’ Jason Holder in the 2023 ODI World Cup Qualifier, a feat which sees him securely inscribed in cricket history, and if that may prove to be something of a one-off, he will nevertheless be keen to make the most of any batting opportunities he may get at this tournament.

 The new kid on the block, Michael Levitt, introduced himself with a half-century and then a devastating 135 from 62 balls against Namibia in the tri-series in Nepal in March. In his first nine T20Is he has made 349 runs at 43.62 and a strike rate of 156.50, and his partnership with Max O’Dowd could give the Dutch a great start in the powerplay. Relatively unknown on the international scene, his range of aggressive strokes will present opposing attacks with new problems, and they will need to get him early if they are not to find themselves on the back foot.

Form Guide

Paradoxically, qualifying directly deprived the Netherlands of a raft of fixtures they might have had in this format, although 2023 was largely devoted to an ODI campaign which saw them sensationally qualify for India and then beat South Africa and Bangladesh – both drawn against them again in this group – when they got there. They have actually played only nine T20Is since the last World Cup eighteen months ago, winning a tri-series in Nepal, which included Namibia as well as the hosts, in February-March, and then hosting another with Ireland and Scotland last month. In the latter they twice took Ireland to the final ball, losing by 1 run and 3 runs, but after beating the Scots in their first game they suffered one of their traditional bad days, and were bowled out for 87 to lose by 71 runs.

Expectations

Progression beyond the group phase will demand that they beat at least one of their three Full Member opponents, as well as avoiding a potential banana-skin in their opening match against Nepal. The fact that they have recorded recent victories over both Bangladesh and South Africa, and added a surprise win against Sri Lanka in a warm-up game this week, is a two-edged sword: the one thing that is certain is that none of their Full Member opponents will take the Dutch lightly. One source of concern is the lack of a reliable, established death bowler, which has made it difficult for the side to press home any advantage they have gained earlier in their opponents’ innings.

Prediction: If all goes well, a place in the Super Eights. More probably, an honourable third place in their group.

Netherlands Squad

Scott Edwards (c and wk), Wesley Barresi, Logan van Beek, Aryan Dutt, Sybrand Engelbrecht, Kyle Klein, Bas de Leede, Michael Levitt, Viv Kingma, Paul van Meekeren, Teja Nidamanuru, Max O’Dowd, Tim Pringle, Vikram Singh, Saqib Zulfiqar.

Coach:  Ryan Cook

You’re reading Emerging Cricket — brought to you by a passionate group of volunteers with a vision for cricket to be a truly global sport, and a mission to inspire passion to grow the game.

Be sure to check out our homepage for all the latest news, please subscribe for regular updates, and follow EC on Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and YouTube.

Don’t know where to start? Check out our features list, country profiles, and subscribe to our podcast. Support us from US$2 a month — and get exclusive benefits, by becoming an EC Patron.

TAGS
Netherlands
T20 World Cup
Previous article
2024 T20 World Cup team preview: Scotland
Next article
T20 World Cup Preview: T20 comes of age
Rod Lyall
Retired academic, now a journalist and commentator, mainly covering Dutch international and domestic cricket.
RELATED ARTICLES
MORE FROM AUTHOR
EC Roundup – 15th December 2024 – Americas Subregional goes to final day
EC Roundup – 8th December 2024 – From Hong Kong to Buenos Aires
Sudurpaschim Royals secures third consecutive win
Karnali Yaks bring up their first win in Nepal Premier League
Perfect Day for T20 Fans at Nepal Premier League
LEAVE A REPLY

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Please enter an answer in digits:

14 − 7 = 

Sign up for leading coverage of Associate cricket and beyond.
SUBSCRIBE
ABOUT
AMBASSADORS
CONTRIBUTORS
CONTACT
PATRONS
SUPPORT US
WRITE FOR EC
#GLOBALGAME

© Emerging Cricket 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://emergingcricket.com/news/t20-world-cup-2024-team-preview-the-netherlands/ 
 ----- 
