Indian Exams
Careers in India
School Education
Indian Universities
Scholarships to Study in India
More
One app for all your study abroad needs
Know More
x
Home /
School Education /
Today’s News in English: Updated School Assembly News Headlines for 4 June 2024
Today’s News in English: Updated School Assembly News Headlines for 4 June 2024
Shiva Tyagi
 
Updated on  
June 3, 2024
5 minute read
10 shares
 

School Assembly News Headlines for 4 June  2024: School assembly news headlines enable students to learn and understand global developments important for their curriculum and general knowledge. 

From local to international news, every inch of the news headlines is crucial, not just for students, but teachers as well. Our School Assembly News Headlines will cover news from a wide range of topics; National, International, Sports, and Entertainment. 

Before we march on the School Assembly News Headlines for 4 June  2024, here’s the Thought for the Day; ‘You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream.’

Table of Contents [show]

National News Headlines in English for 4 June 2024

Under this section, we have listed the latest national news in English. Take a look at the latest developments taking place in the country.

1. Agnikul Eyes Launching Satellites by 2025: Agnikul Cosmos’s CEO Ravichandran plans to launch satellites by 2025. He stated that with the rising demand for micro and nanosatellites, their next move is to launch the 3D-printed semi-cryogenic engines. 

2. Stargazing from a Mussoorie peak as Uttarakhand attracts a new wave of Astro tourists: Uttarakhand State Government holds a three-day event to promote astro-tourism. The State Tourism Department organised ‘Nakshatra Sabha’ at George Everest peak in Mussoorie, 37 km north of the capital city.

Play
Unmute
Loaded: 1.65%
Fullscreen

3. Telangana’s draft for gig workers includes minimum wage and maternity benefits: THE DRAFT Telangana Platform-Based Gig Workers Policy, 2024, will be in practice for three years. After that, reviews will be conducted to understand its scale and influence. The New Gig Workers Policy, 2024 includes minimum wages, mandatory health insurance on company platforms, and Rupees 5 lakh accidental insurance.

4. Union Government Approves IIM Proposal in Assam’s Kamrup: Assam Chief Minister, Himanta Biswa Sarma announced on Sunday that the Central Government has given a ‘green signal’ for setting up an Indian Institution of Management in Kamrup, Assam. Currently, there are 21 IIMs, of which, only 1 is located in the North East region; IIM Shillong.

5. India’s First UN Permanent Representative, Ruchira Kamboj, Retires: Ruchira Kamboj, India’s First UN Permanent Representative retired after 35 years in service. Ruchira Kamboj, an ‘87-batch IFS officer, took to her X account, ‘Thank you, Bharat, for the extraordinary years and unforgettable experiences.’

Quick Read: Today’s News in English: Check out the School Assembly News Headlines for 3 June  2024

International News in English for 4 June  2024

Under this section, we have listed the latest international news in English. This segment will make you aware of the latest developments around the world. 

1. Claudia Sheinbuan becomes the First Female President of Mexico: In its 200 years of history, Mexico has finally elected its first female president. ‘Claudia Sheinbuan has secured 58.3% to 60.7%’, the National Electoral Insititute’s president stated.

2. A 5.9-magnitude earthquake hits central Japan: The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) said, ‘A strong earthquake of 5.0 magnitude shook central Japan on Monday morning. However, no tsunami warnings were issued.

Sports News in English for 4 June 2024

Under this section, we have listed the latest sports news in English. 

1. Real Madrid and Its Champions League Legacy: No duo in soccer is quite like Real Madrid and the Champions League. Their bond is so strong that they begin to resemble one another, much like happy couples growing old together.

2. Amit Phangal, Boxer from Rohtak, Book his Paris Ticket: After three years of struggling, Amit Phangal has finally confirmed his Paris quota. The 28-year-old World Championship Silver medallist is back from the unnecessary exile he was put in.

Quick Read: Pros and Cons of Online Learning Speech

Today’s Entertainment News in English 

Take a look at what is happening in the entertainment world across the globe.

1. Oscar and Academy Award Winning Producer, Albert S Ruddy, passes away at 94: The Canadian-American Producer took his last breath at the ULCA Medical Centre in Los Angeles, California. Ruddy was known for masterpieces like The Godfather and Million Dollar Baby.

2. Mr and Mrs Mahi Box Office Day 3 Collection: Starring Rajkumar Rao and Janhvi Kapoor, Mr and Mrs Mahi earn a swooping 16.85 Crore Rupees in three days. The movie has received mixed reviews from viewers and critics alike, with an IMD rating of 6.8 out of 10.

Thought for the Day for Students

Rise and shine with this inspirational thought for the day. It is never too late to start something new as we all start from somewhere.

Word of the Day 

Let us learn a new word of the day to improve your vocabulary and language skills:

Word	Meaning	Use in Sentence
Kaleidoscope	A constantly changing pattern
or scene; is a mixture of many different elements.	The city’s skyline at night is a kaleidoscope of lights and colours.
Kinetic	Related to or resulting from motion.
	The kinetic energy of the
moving car was immense.
Kowtow	To act in an excessively subservient manner; to
kneel and touch the ground
with the forehead in worship
or submission.	The new employee seemed to kowtow to every demand of his boss, hoping to make a good impression.
Kith	Friends and acquaintances.	She invited all her kith and kin
to the family reunion.
Knoll	A small hill or mound.	They sat on a knoll overlooking the valley, enjoying the peaceful scenery.

Quick Read: Essay on Viksit Bharat

World Important Day on 4 June  2024 

Understand the significance of World Important Day and learn how to make a difference:

1. Chinese Military Crushed Pro-Democracy Protests in Tiananmen Square 

On 4 June  1989, The People’s Liberation Army (PLA) put down a pro-democracy protest, resulting in hundreds of deaths.

2. First American Spacewalk

Astronaut Edward H. White II became the first American to walk in space during the Gemini 4 mission. His spacewalk lasted approximately 23 minutes.

3. The Announcement of the Partition Plan by Lord Mountbatten

On 4 June  1947, Lord Mountbatten, the last Viceroy of India, announced the plan for the partition of British India into two independent dominions, India and Pakistan. This plan led to the creation of the two countries on August 15, 1947.

4. Operation Blue Star, 1984

The Indian Prime Minister, Mrs Indira Gandhi, launched Operation Blue Star to remove armed militants, including Jarnail Singh Bhindranwale, from the Golden Temple in Amritsar, Punjab. This operation lasted from 1 to 10 June.

5. Rafael Nadal, The Spaniard Was Born

The 22 Grand Slam men’s singles title winner Rafael Nadal was born on 4 June F 1986 in Mallorca, Spain

Quick Read: Computer Holiday Homework for Classes 5 to 8

Click Here To Read School Assembly News Headlines in Hindi

Explore More Interesting Topics For School Education

Today’s News in English: Check out the School Assembly News Headlines for
02 June 2024	Today’s News in English: Check out the School Assembly News Headlines for 3 June 2024
11 Craft Summer Camp Activities for
Students	Class 3 Holiday Homework: Session 2024-25
NCERT Solutions and Notes for Class
6 Maths Chapter 7: Fractions- Download
Free PDF	NCERT Maths Practical Geometry Class 6 Chapter 14 Notes and Solutions PDF
Speech on Satyagraha	Gandhi’s Philosophy of Swaraj
Essay on Hard Work for Students	Essay on Labour Day

Follow Leverage Edu to get the latest school assembly news headlines and more interesting content on school education.

Leave a Reply

Your contact details will not be published. Required fields are marked *

SUBMIT

VIEW COMMENTS (0)
You May Also Like
READ MORE
5 minute read
School Education

Today’s News Headlines in English for School Assembly (April 12): AI Shaping Elections in Pakistan and India, Biden Hosts Japanese PM Kishida, Mercedes Optimistic for 2026 F1 Season and More 

Deepika Joshi
April 12, 2024
April 12, 2024, School Assembly News Headlines: School assembly news headlines are crucial for students’ overall development. They… Read More
READ MORE
5 minute read
School Education

Write a Letter to Your Friend About Your Childhood Memories 

Deepansh Gautam
July 19, 2024
In this blog, we are providing you with samples of how to Write a Letter to Your Friend… Read More
READ MORE
7 minute read
School Education

NCERT Class 8 History Chapter 1 How, When, and Where Notes (Free PDF)

Deepika Joshi
April 15, 2024
The NCERT Class 8 History Chapter 1 Notes on ¨How, When, and Where¨ is all about understanding why… Read More
READ MORE
5 minute read
School Education

Paternity Leave Letter: Format and Samples

Team Leverage Edu
April 10, 2023
Numerous employees expect a child and require leave to bear or care for the child. Usually, this type… Read More
School Education
Leave Application for Stress: Importance, Format and Samples
Ankita Singh
March 19, 2024
Essay on Role of Science in Making India: 100, 250, and 500 Words
Mohit Rajak
December 11, 2024
Application for Maternity Leave: Format and Samples
Heena Pahuja
March 10, 2023
Essay on Drug Abuse in 200, 250 and 500 Words in English for Students
Shiva Tyagi
November 19, 2024
Jawaharlal Navodaya Vidyalaya Class VI Admissions 2023
Team Leverage Edu
February 24, 2023
RECENT POSTS
School Assembly News Headlines: 28 December 2024
Thought of the Day for School Assembly in English
Tomorrow News Headlines in English: 28 December 2024
Write a Letter to Your Friend Telling Him About Your School: Check Samples & Format
10 Best Words of the Day for School Assembly: 28th  December, 2024
Fun Facts About New Year Around the World
Write a Letter to Your Father Requesting Him to Send You Some Money to Buy Books: Check Samples
School Assembly News Headlines: 27 December 2024
10 Best Words of the Day for School Assembly: 27th  December, 2024
How to Write 59 in Roman Numerals? 59 is LIX
Write a Letter To Your Friend About Your Summer Holidays: Samples & Format
Essay on Winter Season: 100, 200, 300 and 500 words.
Subscribe to Our Newsletter

Get notified about the latest career insights, study tips, and offers at Leverage Edu.

Subscribe
By checking this box, you confirm that you have read and are agreeing to our terms of use regarding the storage of the data submitted through this form.
About Leverage
About us
Work with us
Resources
Cost Calculator
Scholarship
LOR
SOP
Study Abroad
Study in UK
Study in Canada
Study in USA
Study in Australia
Study in New Zealand
Study in Germany
Study in Russia
Study in China
Tests
IELTS
GMAT
GRE
SAT
TOEFL
PTE
Offerings
AI Course Finder
Leverage Live
Scholarship
Loans
Leverage TV
Uniconnect
Other Links
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
IELTS Essay Checker

General Enquiries

    hello@leverageedu.com

Press

    press@leverageedu.com

Call Us

    1800-572-000
 Get the android app
Get the iOS app
Our Offices
New Delhi

Leverage Edu Tower,
A-258, Bhishma Pitamah Marg, Block A,
Defence Colony, New Delhi, Delhi 110024

Noida

Leverage Edu 3rd floor,
Plot number, 1- C, Raipur Khadar, Sector 126, Noida, Uttar Pradesh 201313

London

Devonshire House, 60 Goswell Road,
United Kingdom, EC1M 7AD

Sydney

Leverage Edu
Freshwater, Sydney, NSW 2096,
Australia



Copyright © 2021, Leverage Edu. All rights reserved.
    
 45,000+ students realised their study abroad dream with us. Take the first step today.
 Talk to an expert
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://leverageedu.com/discover/school-education/todays-news-in-english-updated-school-assembly-news-headlines-for-4-june/ 
 ----- 
