ERR kasutab oma veebilehtedel http küpsiseid. Kasutamist jätkates nõustute kõikide ERR-i veebilehtede küpsiste seadetega
SAIN ARU
LOEN VEEL
X
news
Estonia loses UEFA Nations League home clash against Sweden 3:0
NEWS
ERR
15.10.2024 07:42
Open gallery
179 photos
Photo: UEFA Nations League Estonia v. Sweden, October 14, 2024. Author: Ken Mürk/ERR

The Estonian men's national football team suffered their third UEFA Nations League defeat in-a-row, going down 3:0 at home to Sweden Tuesday night.

Estonia and Sweden are in Group C1 with Azerbaijan and Slovakia; Estonia had already lost to Sweden in the same series away in September, and both teams had been in the same 2024 Euros qualifying group.

The hosts started the match well at the A. le Coq Arena, earning a corner ball just 17 seconds after the kick-off, and team captain Karol Mets' (FC St. Pauli) header narrowly missed the target. However, that remained Jürgen Henn's men's only shot on goal in the first half.

Sweden then began to take control, as striker Sebastian Nanasi (RC Strasbourg) scored the opener in the 29th minute.

Eight minutes later, Nanasi doubled the lead, finishing off a pass from attacker Viktor Gyökeres (Sporting CP).

Gyökeres himself added the third goal in the 66th minute, with an unchallenged shot (see video).

Jaga

The stats say it all: Sweden had 19 attempts, 10 of them on target and maintained 64 percent possession.

Estonia had three more attempts in the second half, none of them on target.

In the other group match, Slovakia beat Azerbaijan 3:1. This leaves Estonia remains in the group with three points, while Sweden and Slovakia are tied for the lead at 10 points each.

In other nations league games, England beat Finland 3:1 in Helsinki.

Estonia's next matches are scheduled for November, against Azerbaijan and Slovakia (both away).

Established in 2018, the UEFA Nations League replaces the international friendly series played before and aims to allow European national teams to get more competitive matches in against teams of a roughly comparable level.

--

Follow ERR News on Facebook and Twitter and never miss an update!

Editor: Andrew Whyte

sport
football
uefa nations league
Message ERR News
RELATED
Estonia to wrap up Nations League campaign with two away games in November
Estonian men's football U-21s beat Kosovo in final Euros qualifier
Elena Malõgina through to ITF Shrewsbury tournament main draw
Estonian wrestler takes veterans world championships bronze
Mark Lajal out of Antwerp ATP250 tournament
Disc golf star Kristin Tattar wins in South Carolina
NEWS IN SIMPLE ESTONIAN
Lihtsad uudised 13. detsembril
LISTEN: CHRISTMAS 24/7
Radio 2 launches temporary 24/7 Christmas music station
LISTEN: RADIO TALLINN
WATCH: JUPITER
ABOUT US

ERR News is the English-language service of Estonian Public Broadcasting, run by a fully independent editorial team.

To read up on ERR News' comments rules and to contact ERR's other services, please follow the link below.

Staff, contacts & comments

LATEST NEWS
14:55
Deleting vehicles with suspended registration easier next year
14:42
ERR in Ukraine: Mass desertion from military a growing issue
14:19
Mai Narva wins Estonian chess championships semifinals opener
13:51
Ministry to restrict registering births to county centers
13:21
Prime minister: University will have to revisit its decision regarding Israel
13:14
Former Soviet nuclear missile base in Southern Estonia gets Christmas treatment
12:49
Gallery: Heads of government, state arrive at JEF summit in Tallinn
12:48
Henri Drell top scorer in win for NBA G-League's Rip City over Stockton
12:39
Ukraine analyst: West facing another Munich Agreement
12:21
Wait at Narva border checkpoint longer again ahead of holidays
HOW MUCH WILL YOU PAY?
Official car tax calculator: See how much you'll have to pay
MOST READ ARTICLES
09.12
Top leaders to attend JEF security summit in Tallinn next week
16.12
What is the Joint Expeditionary Force and what will the 2024 leaders' summit focus on?
16.12
12 countries agree to 'crack down' on Russia's 'shadow fleet'
16.12
Are foreign investments in Estonia experiencing an ice age?
16.12
Georgian government denounces sanctions, says Estonia, Lithuania short on sovereignty
16.12
Estonian Ministry of Foreign Affairs summons Georgian ambassador
16.12
Tallinn to welcome 2025 with concert and drone show instead of fireworks
09:12
Experts in Estonia cautious about Bitcoin surge
USEFUL INFORMATION
Commenting on ERR News articles
ERR News materials terms of use
ERR
Üldinfo
Avalik teave
Kontaktid
Pressiteated
Eetikanõunik
Tule tööle/praktikale
Ajalugu
In English
По-русски
Arhiiv ja teenused
Arhiivide üldinfo
arhiiv.err.ee
Koopiad ja kasutamine
Muuseum
Kostüümilaenutus
Tehnilised teenused
Helistuudiod
Kultuuriteated
Uudisteportaalid
Uudised
Sport
Kultuur
Novaator
Meelelahutus
Ilm
rus.err.ee
news.err.ee
Programmid
ETV
ETV2
ETV+
Vikerraadio
Raadio 2
Klassikaraadio
Raadio 4
Raadio Tallinn
Jupiter
Varia
Vaegkuuljatele ja -nägijatele
Kasutustingimused
Isikuandmete töötlemisest
Jupiter+
Jupiter IO
Lasteekraan
Raadioteater
Eesti Rahvusringhääling | F. R. Kreutzwaldi 14, 15029 Tallinn, Eesti | E-post: err[ät]err.ee | Tel: 628 4100 | Toimetus
Teoste avaldamine sel lehel on kooskõlastatud EAÜ/NCB-ga
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://news.err.ee/1609490989/estonia-loses-uefa-nations-league-home-clash-against-sweden-3-0 
 ----- 
