Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 Soccer
News
Scores/Schedule
Premier League
MLS
NWSL
Concacaf
Champions League
Liga MX Apertura
Liga MX Clausura
Bundesliga
Serie A
LALIGA
Ligue 1
The Cooligans
World Cup
…
NFL Power Rankings
Vikings rout Bears on MNF
Week 16 fantasy football pickups
NBA Cup final: Thunder-Bucks questions
Ravens' Diontae Johnson latest
Powered by
In-form Tottenham star “starting to understand” the advice Cristiano Ronaldo gave him
Caughtoffside Articles
Mon, Oct 14, 2024·2 min read
In-form Tottenham star “starting to understand” the advice Cristiano Ronaldo gave him

Dejan Kulusevski has been one of Tottenham’s top performers this season, and the Swedish international has revealed that Cristiano Ronaldo’s advice has helped him achieve his current level of performance. 

The 24-year-old has been a key part of any success Spurs have had this season and although the former Juventus star has only one goal and two assists to his name throughout the opening phase of the 2024/25 campaign, Kulusevski has been instrumental in the number ten role for Ange Postecoglu’s team.

Kulusevski’s value carries over to the national team, and the Tottenham talent was part of Sweden’s 2-2 draw with Slovakia in the UEFA Nations League on Friday, whilst wearing the captain’s armband.

The Nordic nation are back in action on Monday night against Estonia and ahead of that game, Kulusevski has unveiled that advice from former Juventus teammate Cristiano Ronaldo has helped him achieve his current level of performance.

The duo played together in Turin during the 2020/21 campaign and it seems that the Tottenham star has not forgotten that period in his career.

Dejan Kulusevski in action for Tottenham. (Photo by Michael Regan/Getty Images)
Tottenham’s Dejan Kulusevski remembers Cristiano Ronaldo’s advice

Speaking to Fotboll Skanalen, Kulusevski shared what has changed for him mentally this season and has revealed that he is beginning to understand some advice he received from former Juventus teammate Cristiano Ronaldo.

“To not be satisfied with being good, but to be the best every day,” the 24-year-old said via talkSPORT about what has changed for him this season. “That’s the only thing that matters. As hard as it is to try to be the best.

“I think that you learn over time, that you begin to understand much more about how the world and the brain work. You can’t be 17 and know everything.

“Yes, I always change. I’m starting to get to know my body. When I was younger, I didn’t understand when [Cristiano] Ronaldo told me: ‘You will get to know your body’. Because I didn’t know my body then.

“But now I’m starting to understand my strengths and weaknesses, how I can improve. So I feel like everything is getting easier.

“I know how to train the day before a match, two days before a match, what to do when I’m tired and so on. All the little details that in the end make a big difference.”

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
College football QB transfer tracker: Billy Edwards heads to Wisconsin, Beau Pribula transfers from Penn State

Edwards appeared in 11 games for Maryland in 2024.

3m ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: The SEC is in a league of its own

In today's edition: The SEC might be the best league ever, golden goal lifts Vermont to first national title, why college football coaches are giving money back, fútbol at low tide, ranking every bowl game, and more.

14m ago
Yahoo Sports
Vermont men’s soccer wins first national championship with late OT goal to stun Marshall

Maximilian Kissel scored in sudden-death overtime to lift Vermont to a 2-1 win over Marshall on Monday night.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Vikings continue to surprise with another win over Bears, who have failed miserably

There was a team in the NFC North set up very well for a new quarterback to have instant success. It just wasn't the Bears.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Week 16 waiver wire pickups + Fantasy Trust Meter: Derrick Henry, Thomas Jr., Nabers | Yahoo Fantasy Forecast

Week 15 is in the books and we have officially entered the home stretch of the fantasy postseason season on the pod. Matt Harmon and Dalton Del Don say goodbye to the 'People's Panic Meter' and say hello to the 'Fantasy Bro's Trust Meter' just in time for the fantasy postseason. The two highlight 8 polarizing players and debate if we can trust them in the fantasy postseason and in their Week 16 matchups.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL Power Rankings entering Week 16: Bills are hot, but they're not the NFL's best team yet

Buffalo is the team everyone is talking about, but another team is on top.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Clemson finally takes transfer player under Dabo Swinney, gets commitment from receiver Tristan Smith

Dabo Swinney has been publicly averse to the transfer portal, but added a much-needed receiver.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich still recovering from stroke, unclear when he can return

Gregg Popovich suffered a mild stroke at the team's arena on Nov. 2, and he's been recovering ever since.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Justin Jefferson, former Vikings Cris Carter and Jake Reed show love for Randy Moss

Two former Vikings teammates showed respect for Randy Moss.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Go ahead and pour cold water on hot take of Steelers being a Super Bowl team. Who knew George Pickens was this critical?

They had no easy buttons with Pickens out and really no downfield presence. If the Steelers aren’t running the ball well, which is most weeks, and they don’t have Pickens, they don’t really have much going on.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill Belichick says players and agents are coming to him, wanting to be part of his North Carolina program

Belichick is finding player acquistions in college football similar to how business is conducted in the NFL.

16h ago
Yahoo Sports
Michael Vick reportedly talking to Norfolk State, Sacramento State about head coaching openings

Michael Vick has worked as an analyst for Fox Sports since he retired from the league.

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Who needs football? This year's SEC in the conversation for strongest men’s basketball conference ... ever

A decade ago, the SEC was a football-first conference. Today, it is unquestionably the strongest basketball conference in the country.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Chiefs waive former 1st-round RB Clyde Edwards-Helaire

Edwards-Helaire revealed in the offseason he's been living with PTSD and has not played this season. He addressed the Chiefs and their fans upon his release: "Love ya KC!"

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ravens, WR Diontae Johnson 'mutually' agree to 'excuse' him from team activities after his suspension

Johnson was previously suspended for Sunday's game against the Giants after he refused to enter a Week 13 game againt the Eagles.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Penn State QB Drew Allar announces he will return for senior season in 2025

Allar has thrown for 2,894 yards and 21 touchdowns to lead the No. 6 Nittany Lions to the College Football Playoff.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
The Playlist: Week 8 fantasy basketball waiver wire pickups and start/sit advice

Dan Titus gets fantasy hoops managers ready for Week 8 with his top adds and lineup advice.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
76ers C Joel Embiid out at least another week with sinus fracture

Embiid has played six of Philadelphia's 23 games this season.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Asked & Answered, Week 15: Should the Eagles be the Super Bowl favorites?

The Bills and Lions are still the favorites, but the Eagles have something neither of those teams possess — a functioning defense.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Lions RB David Montgomery to undergo season-ending knee surgery to repair torn MCL

The Lions just can't catch a break.

20h ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Your Privacy Choices
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2024 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/form-tottenham-star-starting-understand-055200339.html 
 ----- 
