English
Hindi
Menu
Sports
India vs England T20 World Cup 2024 Semi-Final: Match Date, Time And Where To Watch
ADVERTISEMENT
India vs England T20 World Cup 2024 Semi-Final: Match Date, Time And Where To Watch
South Africa continued their unbeaten streak in the T20 World Cup and marched into the finals where they would meet either India or England. Here's all you need to know about the second semi-final.
Vishal Marathe
27 Jun 2024, 09:48 AM IST

ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024: South Africa's place in the finals of the T20 World Cup was confirmed on Thursday after their ruthless 9-wicket victory over Afghanistan at the Brian Lara Stadium in Trinidad.

Batting first, the Afghans were bowled out for a meagre score of just 56 runs inside 12 overs. In reply, the Proteas chased down the score in under 9 overs and booked their place in the finals of the ICC Mens T20 World Cup 2024.

In doing so, the Aiden Makram-led side created history by entering the finals of an ICC tournament for the very first time.

Now, India or England will join South Africa in the final of the T20 World Cup. These two teams are now one step away from the final and two steps away from getting their hands on the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 trophy.

So here's everything you need to know about the second semi-final of the T20 World Cup.

India vs England Semi Final: Match Date and Time

The second semi-final of the T20 World Cup between India and England will be played on Thursday, June 27 at 8:00 PM IST.

ALSO READ
What Will Happen If Semi-Final 2 Between India And England Gets Washed Out?
India vs England Semi Final: Venue

The second semi-final between India and England will be played at the Providence Stadium in Guyana.

ALSO READ
India vs England: Here's What Happened When Both Teams Last Met In T20 World Cup
T20 World Cup Final: Match Date, Time and Venue

The all-important final of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 will take place on Saturday, June 29 at 8 PM IST at the Kensington Oval in Bridgetown, Barbados.

T20 World Cup 2024 Schedule

All timing as per IST

ALSO READ
T20 World Cup 2024: Highest Run Scorers, Wicket Takers, Most Wins And Other Stats After Semi-Final 1
India vs England: Live Match Telecast and Streaming Details

Fans can watch the live coverage of the ICC Men's T20 World Cup 2024 semi-final between India and England on Star Sports network in India. Live streaming of the India vs England match will be available for free on the Disney+ Hotstar app in India.

T20 World Cup 2024: Super 8 Results

The all-important phase of the 2024 T20 World Cup began on June 18 and saw South Africa draw the first blood as they beat the USA by 18 runs in Match 1 of the Super 8 phase. In the following matches, England secured a comfortable 8-wicket victory over West Indies followed by India defeating Afghanistan by 47 runs on Thursday. In the two matches played on Friday, Australia won against Bangladesh by 28 runs (DLS method) and South Africa won against England by 7 runs.

On June 22, West Indies won against the USA by 9 wickets and later in the day, India got the better of Bangladesh and won the match by 50 runs. On Sunday, Afghanistan produced a remarkable performance to outshine Australia and win the game by 21 runs whereas England became the first team to qualify for the T20 World Cup semi-final and the USA became the first team to be eliminated in the Super 8 stage after the latter came short against the Jos Butler-led side.

In Monday's early morning fixture, South Africa beat West Indies by 3 wickets to become the second team from Group 2 to qualify for the semi-finals. Later in the day, India confirmed their place in the semis after beating Australia by 24 runs at the Daren Sammy National Cricket Stadium in St Lucia. On the final day of the Super 8 stage, Afghanistan became the last team to book their place in the semis after a narrow 8-run win over the Bangla Tigers in a reduced match.

Watch LIVE TV, Get Stock Market Updates, Top Business, IPO and Latest News on NDTV Profit.
ADVERTISEMENT
English
हिंदी
Subscribe at ₹7/day
Watch LIVE
Get in Touch
Editorial Feedback
profiteditor@ndtv.com 
Sales
profitsales@ndtv.com 
Subscription Queries
profitsupport@ndtv.com 
For any Complaints
Get In Touch 
NDTV PROFIT
Trending Now
Exclusives
Today's Latest
Business
Markets
Nifty Futures
Economy & Finance
Law & Policy
Videos
Personal Finance
Opinion
Politics
Learning
Technology
Pursuits
Brand Studio
Calculators
Web Stories
STAY UPDATED
Newsletter
Telegram
Podcasts
Whatsapp
The Talking Point
SIGN UP
View All Newsletters
FOLLOW US
Note : All Stock Exchange data is delayed upto 3 mins
DOWNLOAD THE APP
About us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
RSS
2024 © NDTV Profit. All Rights Reserved
NDTV Profit asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ndtvprofit.com/sports/t20-world-cup-2024-semi-final-and-finals-match-date-time-and-where-to-watch 
 ----- 
