Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Inzamam-ul-Haq responds to 'conflict of interest' allegations by PCB Chief Zaka Ashraf

SOHAM MUKHERJEE

31 October, 2023
•
6:46 am UTC

Former national team captain and Pakistan cricket legend Inzamam-ul-haq has offered his resignation from the post of Pakistan men's cricket team's chief selector on October 30.

The news comes as a huge blow to the Pakistan cricket team who are currently in India taking part in the ODI Cricket World Cup 2023.

Bet here on the World Cup and other cricket matches! 

The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB), in a statement, confirmed the news.

"Inzamam-Ul-Haq has resigned as the chairman of the national men's selection committee and junior selection committee. He was appointed as the chairman of the national men's committee on 7 August 2023 and was also appointed chairman of the junior men's selection committee earlier this month. 

"The PCB appreciates and acknowledges Inzamam's decision to voluntarily step down during this investigation," the statement read. 

MORE: Mark Waugh identifies 'four' key areas of concern for Pakistan at the World Cup

What is the Inzamam ul-Haq controversy with PCB?

It was revealed that Inzamam-ul-Haq, the Chief Selector of the Pakistan cricket team, is allegedly a shareholder in "Yazo International Limited," a company owned by players' agent Talha Rehmani.

Talha Rehmani's agency represents prominent Pakistani cricketers, including the likes of Babar Azam, Mohammad Rizwan, and Shaheen Shah Afridi. This connection between the Chief Selector and key players intensifies concerns about fairness and transparency in team selection.

There is a worry that it might have created a situation where Inzamam could be influenced by his financial interests in player selection decisions.

The controversy comes at a time when the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) and players are embroiled in a dispute over central contracts. This adds further complexity to the situation, as the relations between the governing body and the cricketers are already strained.

"Surely, it looks like a conflict of interest. We will call the chief selector and ask him to clarify whether this news is correct or not. But it seems like if Talha has controlled seven to eight players, then he must be the one behind the selection as well. We will ask the chief selector to explain," PCB Chief Zaka Ashraf said.

MORE: "Hopeful of India coming to Pakistan for Champions Trophy' - PCB's Zaka Ashraf hails good working relationship with BCCI Secretary Jay Shah

What did Inzamam ul-Haq say after stepping down as Pakistan's chief selector?

"I have no relation (with the agency). Whoever is saying this is wrong. I want to clarify that all of these agents and their companies are registered with ICC. PCB have all their data in their database. If there is an agent to whom so many Pakistan internationals are linked then it is not possible that PCB do not have the data. They should have the data and they do have it," Inzamam said during an interview with Samaa TV. 

 

Basit Ali, former Pakistan international, slammed the PCB for bringing out this fiasco during the World Cup and in the media. Pakistan is currently on a four-match losing streak and only have a mathematical chance of making it to the semi-finals.

"This should have happened after the World Cup. If it was discovered (during the World Cup), then it should not have been dealt with in this way. It should have been dealt with internally and in secrecy. Inzamam is a huge name in world cricket, Zaka Sahab is also a very respected figure, but the entire thing should not have come out in the open. This only brings disrepute to our country," he said. 

When is Pakistan's next match at Cricket World Cup 2023?

Pakistan's next match at the 2023 World Cup will be against Bangladesh in Kolkata on 31 October, 2023. The match will begin at 2:00pm IST.

Pakistan vs Bangladesh Head-to-Head in ODIs

The two nations have faced each other 38 times in ODIs, with Pakistan coming out on top on 33  occasions. Bangladesh have tasted victory on 5 occasions.  

Team	Won	Lost	Tie/NR
Pakistan	33	5	0/0
Bangladesh	5	33	0/0

MORE: Who has won the most Cricket World Cups? Full list of previous winners here!

Who will win BAN vs PAK? Predictions, tips and betting odds

According to the Dafabet, the following are the odds for this Cricket World Cup 2023 match.

(The Sporting News)

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here

You can also play Dafabet's CWC 2023 predictor game, and win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes, by clicking here!

SOHAM MUKHERJEE

Soham Mukherjee is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/inzamam-ul-haq-resignation-pcb-chief-zaka-ashraf-pakistan-world-cup/0e734cddc9a65647859c48d8 
 ----- 
