Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
When is Pakistan's next match at ICC ODI Cricket World Cup 2023? Date, time, early prediction and head-to-head record for clash with Bangladesh

RAHUL IYER

27 October, 2023
•
5:10 pm UTC

Pakistan will play their seventh fixture of the 2023 World Cup on 31 October, 2023 when they take on Bangladesh at Eden Gardens in Kolkata.

On Friday, they took on South Africa in Chennai, hoping to keep their rapidly-dwindling hopes of a semi-final spot alive. Batting first, Pakistan slipped to 141/5 before Saud Shakeel and Shadab Khan put on 84 for the sixth wicket to help them post 270.

South Africa then managed to complete the chase in 47.2 overs to win by 1 wicket, led by a superb 91 from No 4 batter Aiden Markram and finished off by last-wicket pair Keshav Maharaj and Tabraiz Shamsi.

MORE: Play Dafabet's Cricket World Cup predictor game for the chance to win the latest Apple gadget and big INR prizes (India only)!

Their next opponents, Bangladesh, have won just one of their five matches so far and will play Netherlands tomorrow, before the game on 31 October.

Here's all the match details for this Cricket World Cup 2023 clash, including TV information around the world, start time, betting odds and historical meetings in ODIs between the two nations.

MORE: Cricket World Cup 2023 full schedule of fixtures and results

When is Pakistan's next match at Cricket World Cup 2023?

Pakistan's next match at the 2023 World Cup will be against Bangladesh in Kolkata on 31 October, 2023. The match will begin at 2:00pm IST.

Here's when the match starts around the world and where to watch: 

 	Start time	TV/Live Stream
India	 2:00pm (IST)	Sports Star/Disney+ Hotstar
Australia	 7:30pm (AEST)	Fox Cricket/9Now, Kayo Sports
UK	 9:30am (BST)	Sky Sports/Sky Sports Go, Now TV
New Zealand	 9:30pm (NZDT)	Sky Sport/Sky Sport Now
USA/Canada	 4:30am (ET)	Willow TV/ESPN+
Pakistan vs Bangladesh Head-to-Head in ODIs

The two nations have faced each other 38 times in ODIs, with Pakistan coming out on top on 33  occasions. Bangladesh have tasted victory on 5 occasions.  

Team	Won	Lost	Tie/NR
Pakistan	33	5	0/0
Bangladesh	5	33	0/0
Pakistan vs Bangladesh predictions, latest betting odds

Bangladesh have had some good spells of play in this tournament, but on the whole they, like, Pakistan have had an underwhelming campaign. The two sides are quite evenly matched in terms of quality, and the result of this game may simply come down to who turns up on the day. Pakistan will still be slight favourites, though.

Ready to make your predictions and win on the Cricket World Cup 2023? To find all the latest odds, betting and cricket scores and fixtures from India click here. 

Fans in the UK can check out all the latest promotions, bonuses and free bets on the Cricket World Cup 2023 via our partners BetOnSports here.

RAHUL IYER

Rahul is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2025 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 874 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/pakistan-next-match-cricket-world-cup-2023-bangladesh-icc-odi/c4449d2ecb1f4a7ae99fefa2 
 ----- 
