Times Now
TN Navbharat
Zoom
ET Now
ET Now Swadesh
Times Drive
Health And Me
Digit
Marathi
Telugu
Tamil
Bengali
Kannada
Malayalam
Unilist

Theme

Sports

Pickleball

Padel

Cricket

Football

WWE

Tennis

Badminton

Hockey

Athletics

NBA

MMA

Live Score

TRENDING:

Previous
HMPV Virus Cases Live
Delhi Assembly Election Date
GATE 2025 Admit Card
2025 Skoda Enyaq Facelift
Nepal Earthquake
Earthquake Delhi NCR
MS Dhoni Bike Collection
PSU Job through GATE 2025
Pakistan
Maha Kumbh Mela
Trudeau Resignation
Yashasvi Jaiswal
Next

News

Sports

Cricket

Hardik Pandya Out Of ODI World Cup 2023? Ligament Tear Puts Star All-Rounder's Participation In Serious Doubt
Star Indian all-rounder Hardik Pandya, who suffered an injury during India's ODI World Cup 2023 match against Bangladesh in Pune on October 19, is likely to miss more matches for Team India and could get ruled out of the tournament as well if things doesn't improve. The 30-year-old cricketer is reported to have suffered a Grade 1 ligament tear in his ankle.
Authored by:
TN Sports Desk

Updated Oct 26, 2023, 10:31 IST

Hardik Pandya's participation in the remainder of the ODI World Cup 2023 is in serious doubt.

Photo : AP
KEY HIGHLIGHTS
Hardik Pandya's participation in the ODI World Cup 2023 is in serious doubt.
The star all-rounder could even be ruled out of the entire tournament.
Pandya has suffered a Grade 1 ligament tear in his ankle.
Star Indian all-rounder Hardik Pandya, who suffered an injury during India’s ODI World Cup 2023 match against Bangladesh in Pune on October 19, could be ruled out of the entire tournament. According to a report in The Times of India, the 30-year-old cricketer has suffered a Grade 1 ligament tear in his ankle, which has put his participation in the remaining matches in serious doubt.
As per the information, the medical team at NCA is monitoring Pandya, and the injury appears to be more serious than was initially assumed. The National Cricket Academy is not willing to release the team’s vice captain until his injury heals properly, which could take at least two weeks. The decision regarding Pandya’s unavailability has been conveyed to the team management, and it is highly unlikely that he will play in the next few matches for the Men in Blue.
“The medical team under Nitin Patel is monitoring him at the National Cricket Academy (NCA) in Bengaluru. But the injury looks a bit more serious than what was first perceived. It looks like he has suffered a minor ligament tear, which usually takes at least two weeks to heal. The NCA will not release him before his injury heals. The medical team has communicated to the team management that they are hopeful of putting him back on the pitch soon," a source was quoted as saying by TOI.
Even though Hardik is going to miss some more matches for India, the team management isn’t looking for his replacement as of now and is ready to wait for his availability.
"The team doesn't want to bring in a replacement. It's ready to wait for Pandya,” the source added.
Hardik got injured while trying to save a shot off his own bowling during the India-Bangladesh match. He could only bowl three balls against the Shakib Al Hasan-less side in Pune.
It has been reported that any decision on Pandya's availability will be taken next week.
"The team is currently comfortably placed in the tournament. Hardik will most likely stay back at NCA to do his rehab rather than travel with the team right now. The current situation is such that a call on Hardik's involvement for the rest of the tournament will be taken next week. His return to play will have to be carefully charted. His fragile foundation makes the recovery longer than a lot of other players who have greater muscle mass. If need be, he is ready to take injections and play in the business end of the tournament. Anyway, if Hardik isn't bowling at full tilt, it doesn't really make such a big difference to the composition," the source said.
Latest News 
Previous
MUMBAI
How Cable Car Project Will Have A Transformative Impact On Urban Mobility In Mumbai Metropolitan Region
SPORTS
Not Manchester United! Elon Musk's Father Confirms His Son's Interest In THIS Premier League Club
SPORTS
Gautam Gambhir's Job Not In Danger; Rohit, Virat Set To Tour England Despite BGT Debacle: Report
INDIA
Clash Averted at India-Bangladesh Border in Kailasahar; BSF Tackles Smuggling Operations with Precision
VIDEOS
Stage Set For Delhi Election, EC Crushes EVM Excuses; Rebuts Oppn's Charges| Newshour Agenda
VIDEOS
Delhi Polls: Beyond The Fracas And Freebies; 'Dilli Ka Tadka' On Mirror Now | Beyond The Headline
WORLD
McDonald's To Walmart: Which Big US Companies Are Rolling Back Their Diversity Practices
ENTERTAINMENT NEWS
When Sunita Ahuja Revealed Govinda HURT Two Girls In College: Hit One With Umbrella, Threw Hot Milk On Another
Next

TRENDING:

Previous
WWE RAW NETFLIX DEBUT
INDIA WTC FINAL
JASPRIT BUMRAH
Next
End of Article
Subscribe to our daily Newsletter!
SUBMIT
Live TV
Shows
Playing in picture-in-picture
Related News 
Hardik Pandya OUT! Star All-Rounder Will Miss India's ODI World Cup 2023 Match Against New Zealand
Vo Dhoni Bhai Ke Neeche Khela Hai Toh...: Sreesanth Names CSK Star As All-Rounder Who Can Replace Hardik Pandya
Not Sanju Samson! 31-Year-Old To Compete With Rishabh Pant For Wicketkeeper Spot In Champions Trophy 2025: Report
Not Rishabh Pant! AB de Villiers Names Delhi Capitals Batter Who Can Emulate MS Dhoni
Temba Bavuma Creates History, Becomes First Player In The World After 74 Years To...

Follow us :

DOWNLOAD APP
Top Trends
PSU Job through GATE 2025
Shillong Teer
Ajay Devgn
2025 Skoda Enyaq Facelift
Delhi Election 2025 Date
Zomato Shares
Capital Infra Trust IPO
Fake Universities
Trudeau Resignation
China Earthquake
Delhi Elections Dates
Stock Market Today
HMPV Cases Live Tracker
GATE Admit Card 2025
Top Searches
Budget 2025
US 2025 Holiday Calendar
Times Now Live TV
Holidays in India
NSE Holidays
Festivals
Gold Price Today
Aadhaar Card
Passport
PAN Card
Driving Licence
Fuel Price in India
Entertainment
Tom Holland
Game Changer
Pushpa 2 Box Office
Zendaya
Allu Arjun
Good Bad Ugly
Baby John OTT Release Date
Bigg Boss 18
Sankrantiki Vasthunnam
All We Imagine As Light
Mufasa Box Office
Shah Rukh Khan
Lifestyle
HMPV vs Covid
HMPV Virus Cases
HMPV Symptoms
Important Days In January 2025
Scorpio Horoscope 2025
CAPRICORN Horoscope 2025
SAGITTARIUS Horoscope 2025
AQUARIUS Horoscope 2025
PISCES Horoscope 2025
Aries Horoscope 2025
LEO Horoscope 2025
TAURUS Horoscope 2025
GEMINI Horoscope 2025
Cancer Horoscope 2025
Baby Names
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise with us
Regulatory
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer
Complaint Redressal
Syndication And Partnerships

© 2025 Bennett, Coleman & Company Limited

Welcome to timesnownews.com

timesnownews.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timesnownews.com/sports/cricket/hardik-pandya-out-of-odi-world-cup-2023-ligament-tear-puts-star-all-rounders-participation-in-serious-doubt-article-104715618 
 ----- 
