Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Darvish (stress reaction in elbow) shut down for rest of '23
Share
Darvish (stress reaction in elbow) shut down for rest of '23
September 13th, 2023

AJ Cassavell

@AJCassavell
Share

0:00

0:34

LOS ANGELES -- In the end, Yu Darvish’s 2023 season unfolded a lot like that of the ‘23 Padres. It began with much fanfare, didn’t live up to expectations and, now, it’s destined to end sooner than anyone in San Diego ever hoped for.

On Tuesday, the Padres formally shut Darvish down for the season as he deals with the effects of an injury to his right elbow. Speaking with reporters from the Dodger Stadium dugout before San Diego's 11-2 loss, Darvish revealed he suffered a stress reaction in the elbow, an injury he briefly attempted to pitch through.

Darvish was shut down at the end of August, and subsequent tests revealed a bone spur in that elbow. He received a cortisone injection, with the initial hope that he would be able to pitch down the stretch. But when Darvish recently began playing catch, his elbow remained sore, prompting the decision to stop throwing.

As such, Darvish’s season comes to an end with the veteran right-hander having posted a 4.56 ERA across 24 starts. His campaign featured its share of highlights. Darvish won the World Baseball Classic with Team Japan and broke Hideo Nomo’s all-time MLB strikeout record for a pitcher born in Japan. But when healthy, Darvish was mostly inconsistent this year.

“Obviously, the team wasn’t able to perform to its potential, I feel like,” Darvish said through interpreter Shingo Horie. “And that includes myself. So, there is some frustration there.”

At the moment, the more pertinent question is what the future holds for Darvish, who signed a six-year extension to remain with the Padres last offseason. Darvish has dealt with elbow trouble in the past, including Tommy John surgery that cost him his 2015 season with Texas and a stress reaction that cost him most of his ‘18 campaign with the Cubs.

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

Pipeline Inbox: How Salas' bat could get back on an elite track

January 10th, 2025

Could Sasaki be the next great Japanese player?

December 11th, 2024

Japanese stars take postseason center stage, and the whole world is watching

October 18th, 2024

Yamamoto vs. Darvish Game 5 matchup a postseason first for Japan

October 11th, 2024

That stress reaction, Darvish said, was “pretty similar” to this one, particularly in that neither progressed to the level of a stress fracture. The difference between the two, of course, is the timing. Darvish landed on the IL in May in 2018, and made multiple attempts at a comeback that summer. When those didn’t come to fruition, he underwent arthroscopic surgery and was ready to pitch at the start of the ‘19 season.

This injury, at least, presents Darvish with an ideal spot on the calendar for rest. He won’t throw for at least six weeks, at which point he’ll be re-evaluated. Only then, he said, would it be clear whether he needs a similar operation. 

“The stress reaction, basically I need time for it to heal,” Darvish said.

In the meantime, the end of Darvish’s 2023 season raises clear questions about a number of other injured Padres, most notably Joe Musgrove. Musgrove is trying to work his way back from inflammation in his right shoulder capsule.

Initially, the Padres had planned for a path for Musgrove to return if they were in contention in late September. That plan appears to have been scrapped, given the team’s plight in the standings. 

Musgrove is still playing catch and has yet to be fully shut down. But the team appears to be slow-playing his workload, as he’s yet to throw off a mound. That fact makes it highly unlikely that Musgrove would pitch again this season. Less than three weeks remain until the Oct. 1 finale.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Then there’s the wholly separate case of Manny Machado, who continues to play, despite an elbow injury that he acknowledged Monday might require offseason surgery. Machado is suffering from lateral epicondylitis -- known as tennis elbow -- and has been relegated to DH duty exclusively in September. But he homered twice on Monday in a win over the Dodgers.

Machado has expressed a strong desire to remain in the lineup, so long as the Padres are mathematically alive in the playoff picture. But it remains possible that, at some point, he would be shut down for the stretch run as well.

Already, Gary Sánchez is out for the year with a wrist fracture. The same is almost certainly true of Jake Cronenworth, who has the same injury. Key bullpen cogs Steven Wilson and Tim Hill are on the injured list, doubtful to return.

Which leaves the Padres in a precarious situation, 10 games below .500, playing out the stretch without some of their best players.

“It is what it is,” said manager Bob Melvin. “We’ve addressed that we’ve just got to keep playing, expecting to win games. You’re going to see some different guys out there. … It’s something we have to deal with, and that’s when you rely on your depth.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Yu Darvish

AJ Cassavell covers the Padres for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/yu-darvish-shut-down-2023-elbow-injury 
 ----- 
