MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
MLB’s billionaire owners leaning on public for wave of new ballparks: Drellich
Evan Drellich
Sep 12, 2023

207

Have you noticed how many Major League Baseball owners are asking for taxpayer money all at once? Every other week a different owner pressures local residents to pay up, with not-so-subtle hints of, “or else.”

We’re not talking only about the A’s and Las Vegas, or Stu Sternberg’s quixotic quest for a new Rays stadium. Nor is it only the renovation efforts in Baltimore, where John Angelos already has $600 million earmarked by the state for stadium work; or Milwaukee, where the team’s owner, Mark Attanasio, is taking heat for expanding his ownership in a soccer team while simultaneously asking for government assistance.

It’s Arizona. It’s Anaheim. It’s Kansas City, where a relatively new owner has started a campaign for a new stadium. It’s Chicago, where the White Sox hold a lease through 2029 and lo and behold, the possibility of the team moving appears in Crain’s Chicago. The story got some play on the team’s official website, too.

At a press conference not long afterward, White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf employed the standard double-talk owners use in these situations: “It’s obvious if we have six years left … we got to decide, you know, what’s the future going to be?”

GO DEEPER

Kepner: Pulled back to the ballpark, for a day of Phillies-Braves. No, Lefty — it never gets old

Continued Reinsdorf: “But I’ve never threatened to move out.”

That’s the well-known key to a happy marriage: telling your partner you have no idea what the future holds, but not to worry, honey, you’re not directly referring to divorce.

These are the sounds of the owners’ money-making machine, whirling into high gear.  Every one of them wants to moonlight as a real-estate developer now, if they aren’t already. They don’t just want the ballyard, they want the money that comes from businesses around the stadium too: the ballpark village model. And they want you to help build it.

The playbooks to get there largely look similar, too. The owner — in almost all cases, this is someone who otherwise hides from the public — starts to put the word out in a chosen moment or two. Then commissioner Rob Manfred might show up, and add some pressure himself.

In Anaheim, the city’s former mayor was caught on tape saying he hoped to secure a $1 million campaign contribution if a land deal to sell public property to the Angels and Arte Moreno went through. The mayor pleaded guilty last month to lying to the FBI and destroying an email in which he provided confidential information about the city’s negotiations to a team consultant. The deal did not go through.

GO DEEPER

Law: Players I was wrong about, including Shohei Ohtani and Justin Steele

“The former mayor’s plea agreement as well as the city’s investigation showed no evidence of any wrongdoing by the Angels organization,” said Angels spokesperson Marie Garvey in a statement. “In fact, in the stadium deal proposal, we agreed to pay more than the appraisal price for the land and fund 100 percent of the project without any public funding.”

In Arizona, D-backs president Derrick Hall said by the end of the year, he wants a plan in place for Chase Field’s future.

The team’s lease expires after 2027, and Hall estimates $400 million in upgrades are needed. Hall said how much of that number the team wants the public to foot “depends on what opportunities we may have around the building,” referring to the potential for a D-backs village.

And if Jan. 1 passes without an agreement?

GO DEEPER

MLB All-30: We name each team’s most impressive rookie for the 2023 season

“We would have to figure out, is there a solution here at this location, alternative to what we’ve been exploring with city-county?” Hall told The Athletic. “Is there something we can do just by ourselves? We’re looking at parallel paths. Or do we go back and knock on the doors of those that we had had good conversations with about new construction?”

The aggregate is pretty startling: look at the brazenness of teams trying to squeeze these communities in succession. Baseball’s owners, among the very wealthiest people in the world, are collectively asking for billions of dollars across the U.S. And over the next several years they will probably receive it. That money can come in the form of direct subsidies, favorable loan rates, land deals, or some other complex arrangement only experts will understand.

Jarring, indeed, but maybe not surprising.

“This makes actually quite a bit of sense — not economically, but it makes sense timing-wise,” said Victor Matheson, an economist and stadium financing expert at the College of the Holy Cross. “The modern stadium wave literally started with Camden Yards. That started 30 years ago. … When these things are built, most of the cities then lock in a 30-year lease deal with the teams in exchange for handing out a gigantic pile of money.

“We’re gonna just get a gigantic wave of this. Because, you know — although it doesn’t make any sense engineering-wise or economics-wise — business-wise, a 30-year-old stadium is obsolete.”

You might have thought a reasonable prerequisite to demanding huge sums of money from the public would be a willingness to regularly take on-the-record inquiries about those demands from the public, be it reporters or otherwise.

But when The Athletic reached out, the Diamondbacks were the only team among the aforementioned group that made someone available for an interview. Manfred declined an interview through a spokesperson.

Never mind actually showing hard numbers that prove the financial need for the subsidies and breaks in the first place.

“It’s wildly non-transparent, that’s hugely problematic,” Matheson said. “At least one way that we know that there must be accounting irregularities or something — that it’s not true that these poor sports teams are barely scraping to get by — is the price of sports teams when they’re sold has gone up way faster than the economy, or inflation or any of these things. These things seem to be wildly good bets.”

Perhaps to the teams’ advantage, most residents in a major league city probably have little reason to step back and look at the big picture. If you’re in Maryland, you probably aren’t following the funding drama in Wisconsin.

But to those who do study these things with rigor, the evidence is overwhelming: taxpayers have consistently been shown to receive bad returns on stadium investments. The promises teams make fall well short, no matter what a team’s owner, a league’s commissioner, or a hired lobbyist says.

Interestingly, even if owners and leagues are part of the problem, it is probably a waste of time to think or hope they might be part of the solution.

“There’s little evidence that major-league, billionaire owners are going to resist the temptation to create more profits for themselves,” said Rep. Earl Blumenauer (D-Ore.), long an opponent of public funding for ballparks. “There’s evidence that they will pit communities against one another.”

At a press conference in June, Manfred was asked if he thought it was part of his job as baseball’s CEO to help teams extract public subsidies.

“I think it’s part of my job to make sure that we have 30 major-league quality facilities at all times,” Manfred said. “We’ve gone a really long time in Oakland without one, and I do think that because I view baseball stadiums — because of the number of games and the economic impact we produce — as a public asset, I do think that it is part of my job, and it is in fact good business to have a public-private partnership to get those kinds of facilities.”

It was surprising he didn’t just say directly, “Yes, it is part of my job,” because that seems quite obvious. Manfred exists to make his owners money, and obtaining free money, uh, helps. He’s usually not shy about the things he does for, as he once put it, “the owners for whom I work.”

But exactly because Manfred will always lobby for every public dollar he can, his positions should ring pretty hollow. He will never stand there and say, “Actually, in this case, I don’t think people should hand over money to my owners.”

Now, that mention of a “public-private partnership” Manfred made? That’s the playbook at work. Baltimore’s John Angelos used it too. So did Hall. So did John Sherman, owner of the Royals. And it is a tool of obfuscation.

“Rarely do you have a business relationship where one person puts in all the money and the other person gets all the revenue back,” said J.C. Bradbury, an economist at Kennesaw State University who is particularly outspoken about the use of public money for ballparks. “We need to stop describing these things as public-private partnerships.”

In Congress, Blumenauer has repeatedly introduced bills to curtail a particular type of public assistance for stadiums. It’s not just city, state or county funds that are involved: interest on municipal bonds issued to build stadiums can be excluded from federal income taxes. A 2020 study showed the total revenue loss to the federal government to be $4.3 billion, spanning 57 stadiums built since 2000.

His “No Tax Subsidies for Stadiums Act” hasn’t gone anywhere though.

“It’s a handful of billionaires, but they’re very powerful,” Blumeanuer said of the stagnation. “And they hire impressive lobbyists.”

So if there is ever going to be a change in behavior, it probably would have to come from politicians, or the regular taxpayers who elect them.

Baseball owners are not the only ones seeking these handouts. Other sports owners do, too. And so do non-sports businesses.

Subsidies to sports teams have added up to about $50 billion, Matheson estimated. In an annual federal budget, that’s “barely a rounding error.”

“On the other hand, it’s still $50 billion,” Matheson said. “And at least one reason to fight the stadium fight pretty hard is because the stadium fight gets a lot of press. And as soon as (teams) can go out and ask for infinite amounts of dollars, then every company does this as well, and you get what turned out to be even bigger boondoggles, like Foxconn in Wisconsin.”

Foxconn, a Taiwan-based manufacturer, famously received billions in subsidies to create 13,000 jobs in Wisconsin and fell drastically short.

What’s happening in baseball, then, matters more precisely because of everything outside of it.

“I have no expectation, particularly in this Congress, that this legislation is going to pass,” Blumenauer said of his bill. “But I do think there’s great value to spotlight the inequities and unfairness. And I have reintroduced this at times when we’ve watched communities fighting over relocating franchises.

“What happens when some of these things become very high profile, then there’s more interest. People will co-sponsor the bill. They might force a hearing. But I think the principle is sound: that we ought to do a better job of protecting the local taxpayer. We ought to do a better job of making sure that the billionaires pay their own weight.”

(Top illustration of John Fisher, Kauffman Stadium, John Angelos and Guaranteed Rate Field: Eamonn Daulton / The Athletic; Photos: Michael Zagaris, Bruce Hemmelgarn, Karl Merton Ferron, Rob Tringali / Oakland Athletics, Minnesota Twins, Baltimore Sun, MLB Photos, Getty Images)

Evan Drellich is a senior writer for The Athletic, covering baseball. He’s the author of the book Winning Fixes Everything: How Baseball’s Brightest Minds Created Sports’ Biggest Mess. Follow Evan on Twitter @EvanDrellich

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4853465/2023/09/12/mlb-ballpark-building-boom/ 
 ----- 
