    
E-Edition
Sign In
Subscribe
Newsletter Signup
Get Website Access
Holiday Light Contest
News
Local News
AP News
Local Features
Opinion
Columns
Editorials
Letters
Special Publications
Weather
Events
Nuptials
Engagements
Weddings
Anniversaries
On the Record
Restaurant Inspections
Church Directory
Elections
Sports
Local Sports
AP Sports
Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds Front Page
Place an Ad
Indiana Jobs
Service Directory
Sheriff Sales
Best of the SouthSide
Contact Us
About Us
Advertise
Submissions
Buy Photos
Subscribe
E-Edition
E-Edition
Subscription Help
Android App
Apple App
Subscribe
Manage Your Account
Print Archives
Text Archives
Sign In
Public Notices
E-Edition Sign In Newsletter Signup Get Website Access
Weather
Contact Us
Local Directory
Edinburgh Courier
Subscription Help
Manage Subscription
NEWS
ELECTIONS
SPORTS
OBITUARIES
CLASSIFIEDS
BEST OF THE SOUTHSIDE
CONTACT US
SUBSCRIBE
E-EDITION
PUBLIC NOTICES
HOLIDAY LIGHT CONTEST
Home  AP Sports  Ronaldo scores again in Nations League win for perfect Portugal. Spain finds...
AP Sports
Ronaldo scores again in Nations League win for perfect Portugal. Spain finds replacement for Rodri
By The Associated Press -
October 12, 2024

BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — Cristiano Ronaldo scored his record-extending 133rd international goal to keep Portugal perfect in the Nations League with a 3-1 win over Poland on Saturday, and Spain struck late to edge Denmark 1-0.

The 39-year-old superstar was there to put in the rebound after Rafael Leão’s shot hit the post in the 37th minute. That made it 2-0 following Bernardo Silva’s opener in Warsaw in the 26th.

After failing to find the net in his five appearances at this summer’s European Championship — with Portugal exiting in the quarterfinals — Ronaldo has scored in three straight Nations League matches, including in wins over Croatia — his 900th career goal — and Scotland last month.

Portugal coach Roberto Martínez replaced Ronaldo with Diogo Jota with just under half an hour to play.

Midfielder Piotr Zielinski halved the deficit in the 78th for the hosts, only for Southampton defender Jan Bednarek to score an own-goal with two minutes left.

Barcelona striker Robert Lewandowski started alongside Karol Swiderski but the Polish attacking pair couldn’t find their way past the Portuguese defense.

“We worked very hard the last few days, preparing various solutions for this game, and we were able to show it on the pitch. I am really satisfied because we controlled this game,” Martínez said. “Also, I am satisfied how Renato Veiga and Rúben Dias performed against one of the best in the world (in Lewandowski).”

Portugal leads Group A1 with nine points from three games. Second-place Croatia has six points after it came back to beat Scotland 2-1 in Zagreb with the visitors having an equalizer deep into second-half stoppage time ruled out by VAR. Poland has three points, and Scotland zero.

Scotland’s Ryan Christie opened for the Scots and their under-fire manager Steve Clarke in the 33rd. Igor Matanovic leveled three minutes later and Andrej Kramaric completed the fightback in the 70th.

Scotland had the ball in the net right at the end with substitute Che Adams involved but VAR confirmed it was offside.

Zubimendi shines in Rodri’s spot

Martín Zubimendi helped Spain crack Denmark’s defense as the holding midfielder starred in place of injured Rodri.

The Real Sociedad player unleashed a powerful volley in the 79th to smash a rebound from outside the area past Kasper Schmeichel, who got his hand on the ball but couldn’t keep it out.

Zubimendi had impressed in the final of Euro 2024 when he replaced Rodri for the second half of Spain’s 2-1 win over England. Rodri seriously injured his right knee and required surgery on his ACL while playing for Manchester City last month.

“Martín is a treasure,” Spain coach Luis de la Fuente said. “I suppose with his goal he will get more attention, but his play, the fact that he’s got a computer in his brain, means we are privileged to have him at a time when Rodri will be out for a while.”

Spain was also missing Nico Williams and Dani Olmo, two more players who excelled at the Euros, who are sidelined with minor injuries.

Spain, the defending Nations League champion, has seven points in Group A4 afer three games. Denmark has six points, and Serbia has four after beating the pointless Switzerland 2-0.

The Swiss didn’t help their cause with an own-goal by Nico Elvedi right before the interval.

Aleksandar Mitrovic doubled the lead for Serbia with a solo effort in the 61st, and Serbia goalkeeper Predrag Rajkovic saved a penalty taken by Breel Embolo.

Wins for Kosovo, Romania

Kosovo won 2-1 at Lithuania in League C, while Romania thumped Cyprus 3-0, Northern Ireland drew 0-0 at Belarus, and Bulgaria was held 0-0 at home by Luxembourg.

___

News, straight to your inbox!

Sign up for our FREE Daily Journal Morning Headlines newsletter.

﻿Sign up Now!




AP soccer: https://apnews.com/hub/soccer

Source: post

Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
HealthSymptoms
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Avoid This Fast Food Chain at All Costs - Scientists Agree It's The Worst
SpilledDaily
Bipolar Disorder Red Flag Most Ignore! (Find out With a Test)
Bipolar Test
Dumbest Dog Breed, Sorry if Your Dog is on This List
SpilledDaily
Ellen Degeneres And Her New Partner Who You'll Easily Recognize
Suburban Finance
Lion Grabs Terrified Baby Deer, Then This Happens
hightally
Previous article
Historic ocean liner could soon become the world’s largest artificial reef
Next article
Carter soared quickly and Billups started slowly, but there’s more than one road to the Hall of Fame
The Associated Press
The AP is one of the largest and most trusted sources of independent newsgathering. AP is neither privately owned nor government-funded; instead, as a not-for-profit news cooperative owned by its American newspaper and broadcast members, it can maintain its single-minded focus on newsgathering and its commitment to the highest standards of objective, accurate journalism.
RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR
Cousins and Falcons do just enough to beat Raiders 15-9 and keep pace with Bucs in NFC South
Vikings win 7th straight to forge tie for NFC North lead with 30-12 blowout of reeling Bears
Orioles sign veteran RHP Tomoyuki Sugano to a $13M, 1-year contract after his MVP season in Japan
Amber F.
Savannah, TN
Spicy Pretzels aka "Crack Pretzels"!!!
Christine B.
Ponca City, OK
Christmas Crunch
Laura S.
Fort Mohave, AZ
Bacon Blue Cheese Puffs

Nobody covers Johnson County and the surrounding areas like the Daily Journal.

30 S. Water St., Second floor, Suite A, Franklin, IN 46131

Phone: (317) 736-7101
Toll free: (888) 736-7101

All text, photos, graphics, artwork and other material on this site are copyrighted and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without permission.

Contact us: newstips@dailyjournal.net

    
© Copyright AIM Media Indiana, LLC
 


Subscribe to get Unlimited Digital Access

Choose your subscription to the Daily Journal.

Already a subscriber?  Link your Subscription or Sign In


Subscribe







 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://dailyjournal.net/2024/10/12/ronaldo-scores-again-in-nations-league-win-for-perfect-portugal-spain-finds-replacement-for-rodri/ 
 ----- 
