MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Chourio homers, Montas pitches 6 scoreless innings as Brewers shut out Giants 3-0
Updated Sep. 13, 2024 1:51 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Jackson Chourio hit a two-run home run, Frankie Montas pitched six scoreless innings, and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the San Francisco Giants 3-0 on Thursday night to take another step toward winning the NL Central.

The Brewers, who hold a nine-game lead over Chicago in the division, took two of three from the Giants and reduced their magic number to seven.

The game was scoreless until Milwaukee's Willy Adames reached base with a walk in the seventh and rounded the bases on three Camilo Doval (5-2) wild pitches. Milwaukee added to the lead when Chourio hit a two-run shot to right off Spencer Bivens in the eighth, scoring Brice Turang after he reached on an infield single.

“Opposite field at this park is unheard of to begin with," Brewers manager Pat Murphy said. “It still takes a pretty good shot to get it out of here.”

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

The 20-year-old Chourio became the youngest player with a 20-homer, 20-stolen base season in MLB history.

“He already is a really good player, but I think he’s going to be one of the greatest for sure,” Montas said of Chourio. “He’s one of a kind.”

Chourio exchanged a signed bat with the fan who caught his historic home run ball.

The Giants had the tying run on base with one out in the ninth after Mark Canha singled and Jerar Encarnacion doubled to left off Brewers closer Devin Williams. Williams responded by striking out Grant McCray and forcing pinch hitter Patrick Bailey to ground out for his 11th save.

The Giants had a runner in scoring position six times and never plated a run.

Find the Best Fitting Cowboy Boots For Your Lifestyle
Ariat|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Online Calculator for Car Resale
Cars Value|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

There were only four hits in the game — two for each side — through six innings as Montas (7-10) struck out eight and San Francisco starter Hayden Birdsong struck out four in five innings.

“He’s not afraid of the big moment either, so that's what’s fun,” Murphy said of Montas. “These guys have high hopes, but we got a long way to go.”

No runner advanced past second base until Adames scored.

The Giants had a chance to take the lead in the fourth after consecutive two-out walks, but Montas got Encarnacion to line out to right. Curt Casali added a one-out double in the fifth but was stranded.

Aaron Ashby and Trevor Megill pitched scoreless innings for Milwaukee before Williams entered in the ninth.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Brewers: Reliever Enoli Paredes was activated from the 60-day injured list after missing over two months with forearm pain. LHP Rob Zastryzny's season is over after being placed on the 60-day injury list for elbow tendinitis which has sidelined him since July. Giants: RHP Robbie Ray is expected to participate in warmups ahead of Friday's game to assess his ongoing left hamstring pain. Leadoff hitter Tyler Fitzgerald was pulled from the game early due to lower back tightness.

UP NEXT

The Giants will host a series against the Padres on Friday with Dylan Cease (12-11, 3.71 ERA) on the mound for San Diego. San Francisco has not named a starter.

___

AP MLB: https://www.apnews.com/hub/MLB

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Milwaukee Brewers
Major League Baseball
Jackson Chourio
Frankie Montas
Devin Williams
Camilo Doval
Frankie Montas
San Francisco Giants
Milwaukee Brewers
MLB - Milwaukee Brewers vs. San Francisco Giants - 09/13/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/mlb/chourio-homers-montas-pitches-6-scoreless-innings-as-brewers-shut-out-giants-30 
 ----- 
