Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
D-backs' potent offense held to 1 run to open big Brewers set
Share
D-backs' potent offense held to 1 run to open big Brewers set
September 14th, 2024

Steve Gilbert

@SteveGilbertMLB
Share
;

7 SECONDS REMAINING

PHOENIX -- To secure a postseason berth, the D-backs will need to get through the Brewers, their opponent in seven of their final 16 games, and the first of those matchups showed just how tough a challenge it will be for Arizona.

Rhys Hoskins hit a two-run homer and Freddy Peralta and four relievers combined to mostly shut down the potent D-backs' offense as the Brewers won, 2-1, on Friday night at Chase Field.

Complete coverage: D-backs' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The loss and a Padres win dropped the D-backs into the second National League Wild Card spot.

The D-backs have scored the most runs in the Majors this year, and it's the offense that has led them to where they are in the standings. Since the All-Star break, the Arizona offense has scored one or fewer runs just four times.

"They've spoiled me," D-backs manager Torey Lovullo said of his offense. "You know, the game was over, and I was like, ‘Wow, that didn't go the way that we expected it to or the way I thought it would.’ But that's part of the game. It's what you do the next day or what you learn from today."

How the D-backs respond Saturday will be worth watching, but as for learning, there wasn't a lot they did wrong on the offensive side, it was more just an outstanding job by the Milwaukee pitchers.

"Peralta has one of the best fastballs, I think, in the big leagues," D-backs first baseman/outfielder Pavin Smith said. "It just gets on you. It looks a little weird. And then the backend of their bullpen is very good too. And they also have lefties to match up with guys. Credit to them tonight. They did well."

The D-backs did have some chances against the Brewers. They grabbed a 1-0 lead in the first when Corbin Carroll led off with a walk and eventually came around to score on a sacrifice fly by Smith.

They stranded runners on second and third in that inning, and Christian Walker got thrown out trying to advance to third on a wild pitch in the third.

"We created some opportunities, we threw some traffic out there," Lovullo said. "We built some innings, we just couldn't get that big hit. We took some really good swings. I'm not upset with the approaches, just the results didn't happen tonight, so we just got to keep banging away at it."

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Kelly amped to share rotation with Burnes in '25

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Which prospects have the best tools? Front office execs weigh in

January 8th, 2025

1 question each team needs to answer before Spring Training

January 2nd, 2025

It sure seemed like the D-backs were going to break through in the fifth when they had runners at first and second against Peralta with Smith at the plate.

Smith got a 98.3 mph fastball from Peralta over the plate and drove it to center field. The ball left Smith's bat at 104.3 mph, but the launch angle of 38 degrees was just a little too high, and Blake Perkins was able to catch the ball just shy of the warning track, 391 feet from home plate.

"It was too high and the wrong part of the ballpark for sure," Smith said. "I definitely put a good swing on it and barreled it up, so I was happy with the swing, just got under it a tad."

Did he think it was out when he hit it?

"For like half a second," Smith said. "I was definitely talking to it when I was running to first, but to no avail."

Left-hander Eduardo Rodriguez mostly held the Milwaukee bats in check until the fourth, when Hoskins hit a two-out, two-run homer off him.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Sometimes with their pitching and defense, two runs is enough for the Brewers, who have ridden that formula to first place in the NL Central.

"They're built to play these types of games," Lovullo said. "I think we're versatile. We can play these types of games, too. They just got the better of us today."

One down, six to go, and the stakes are high for the D-backs.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks

Senior Reporter Steve Gilbert has covered the D-backs for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

5:00 AM UTC

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

4:24 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/d-backs-lose-series-opener-to-brewers 
 ----- 
