Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Wood's on-base skills put him in elite Nationals company
Share
Wood's on-base skills put him in elite Nationals company
September 13th, 2024

Jessica Camerato

@jessicacamerato
Share

0:00

0:07

WASHINGTON -- Since James Wood reached the Major Leagues on July 1, manager Dave Martinez has given him this encouragement: “When you get on base, good things happen.”

Entering the Nationals' 6-3 loss to the Marlins on Thursday, Wood led the National League and ranked fourth among all players with a .415 on-base percentage since July 27 (minimum of 150 plate appearances) -- a mark he achieved with 48 hits, 24 walks and one hit-by-pitch.

“I think the past few weeks, I’ve been getting to the point where I’ve been seeing it well but not being too passive,” Wood, 21, said. “I think sometimes when you start walking a lot, you’ve got to stay focused on getting a pitch to hit.”

Wood extended his on-base streak to a career-best 13 games in the series opener vs. Miami. In his first at-bat, he drew a full-count walk against right-hander Darren McCaughan to move Dylan Crews to second base.

Two batters later, Wood scored from first base on a José Tena double. Tapping into his sprint speed -- which ranks in the 84th percentile -- the 6-foot-7 Wood quickly neared Crews on the base paths as they both headed for home plate.

“He almost caught me there in the first inning; I looked back and he was right there,” said Crews, who is ranked as MLB Pipeline’s No. 1 prospect. “I’ve definitely got to take notes for that next time. His one stride is like three strides for me. Great talent, and I’m very happy he’s on my team.”

Wood posted a .333 on-base percentage in his first month in the Majors. He improved that to a .407 OBP in August, with just one more game played than in July.

On the season, Wood has a .366 on-base percentage through his first 63 games. The only other player with a higher on-base percentage in Nationals team history (2005-present) with a minimum of 200 plate appearances in 63 games is Juan Soto (.419 in 2018). For context, Wood ranks ahead of both Ryan Zimmerman (.362, 2005) and Bryce Harper (.354, 2012) in that span.

“I think a lot of it was just kind of getting comfortable here,” Wood said. “I think every time you move up a level and you’re with a new team, getting comfortable in the locker room, out on the field -- I think it takes a little bit.”

Related
García, Gore among Nats agreeing to 2025 contracts

January 10th, 2025

INF Rosario inks one-year deal with Nationals

January 8th, 2025

Bell looks to make noise as the DH in DC

January 8th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

40 minutes ago

Here’s what’s in store for the 2025 Nationals

January 4th, 2025

17 rookies who formed an elite NL class

November 17th, 2024

Wood’s power is undeniable -- he ranks 92.5 percent in exit velocity. The Nationals have worked with him on pitch recognition in drills to translate that into at-bats.

“He’s trying to see the ball up, and when he does that, he hits the ball hard,” Martinez said. “The other day, he came out and was hitting breaking ball, breaking ball, breaking ball, and then we threw a fastball on the machine behind him. We are just trying to get him to identify the pitches a little sooner, but also be ready for the fastball. He did really well with that drill, it was great.”

Wood put that work into motion on Wednesday against Braves All-Star lefty Max Fried.

“He got a base hit on a breaking ball,” Martinez said, adding, “We’re going to keep working with them until they understand, the strike zone here is a little different because the misses here are not big misses -- they’re always around the plate. But you’ve got to understand who you are, what balls you can hit and give yourself a chance to hit them.”

Wood doesn’t rely solely on his power to get on base. His 32 walks are already second-most on the Nationals, behind CJ Abrams’ 39.

“You see it every day -- he can do it with his speed, he can do it with his bat,” Crews said. “I’m just lucky he’s on my team. He’s an unbelievable player, unbelievable talent. He’s awesome the way he does it every single day. He can beat out a ground ball back to the pitcher, to second base, whatever. He’s a great talent.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

With 16 games left in his first Major League season, Wood is looking to keep this pace and carry it into next year.

“[I want to] continue to be aggressive in my zone and just keep trying to hit the ball hard and take my walks when they’re given to me,” Wood said. “It’s a good sign that I’ve been able to do it for that period of time, but obviously I would like to be able to keep that throughout a whole season.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Washington Nationals
James Wood

Senior Reporter Jessica Camerato covers the Nationals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

The 40 likely Hall of Famers you'll see in 2025

January 10th, 2025

Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

January 10th, 2025

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

January 10th, 2025

Who signed and who didn't? Breaking down the arbitration deadline

January 10th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/james-wood-extends-on-base-streak-in-nationals-loss 
 ----- 
