Headlines
 
Business & Economy
 
Politics & Society
 
International
Mozambique 2 – 1 Guinea-Bissau in Africa Cup Qualifiers
5:24 CAT | 10 Sep 2024
0 Comments Print Share

Photo: Simiao Chauque on Facebook

Mozambique won 2-1 at home over Guinea-Bissau this Tuesday afternoon. in the third day of the Africa Cup 2025 qualifiers, at the Zimpeto Stadium, in Maputo. The goals were scored by Guima at minute 5 and Elias Macamo at minute 73 for Mozambique. Guinea-Bissau’s  goal was scored by Mama at minute 23.

Mozambique’s national football team, The Mambas, started this afternoon’s game winning, when in the seventh minute Ricardo Guima fired in a great goal from outside the box to lift the stadium.

With a pressing start, where the wingers made the offensive manoeuvre, Mozambique had more possession of the ball and played closer to the Guinean goalkeeper.

As a result of this initial pressure, and taking advantage of a persistent play, Ricardo Guima appeared from outside the box and fired a missile that only stopped in the back of the net.

Guinea-Bissau ties  at minute 23

After Guima’s goal, Guinea-Bissau woke up from their initial slumber and began to balance the game on the pitch. Meanwhile, the Mambas dropped their lines and allowed themselves to be cornered.

The Djurtus took advantage and began to threaten until they managed to equalize. It was the 23rd minute when, in a harmless move, there was a cross from the left, where Mama Balde appeared to tap in, despite Ernan’s passivity, who shared responsibility with Reinildo, allowing the Guinean striker to put the ball into the Mozambican net.

Conde makes a triple substitution

After the first seven minutes of the second half, the national coach, Chiquinho Conde decided to freshen up the team, making three substitutions at once.

Witi, Domingues and Ratifo came off, and Gildo, Pepo and Elias Macamo, the top scorer of Moçambola 2024, came on in their places, who was applauded by the fans.

Minutes after coming on, Gildo and Elias Macamo created a move that brought the stadium to its feet, with the Académica de Coimbra player crossing for the Desportivo de Nacala player to head in.

The match ended with a victory for Mozambique, its first against Guinea-Bissau.






Source: O País
Share
Tweet
Linkedin
Pin
Instagram
Email
Show comments
Leave a Reply

Be the First to Comment!

You must be logged in to post a comment.

Also read

FIFA World Cup 2026: Qualification is "a dream" that Mozambique "believes in" – Chiquinho Conde

08 OCT 2024

"The Olympic Games are for everyone and I am living proof of that" - Deizy Nhaquile

25 JUL 2024

AFCON qualifiers: Mozambique beats Eswatini 3-nil | In Mambas We Trust

15 OCT 2024

Mozambique and Mali win AFCON qualifier, Nigeria held by Rwanda

11 SEP 2024

Mozambique: Chiquinho Conde signs 19-month contract with Football Federation

29 AUG 2024

Mozambique loses to New Zealand, exits winless in FIBA Women World Cup pre-qualifiers

23 AUG 2024
Quick links
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clubofmozambique.com/news/mozambique-2-1-guinea-bissau-in-africa-cup-qualifiers-266190/ 
 ----- 
