Subscribe
Sign In
Home
Latest news
Video
New Zealand
Sport
All Blacks
Business
Entertainment
Podcasts
Quizzes
Opinion
Lifestyle
Travel
Viva
Weather forecasts
Home / Sport / Cricket / Black Caps
New Zealand v Papua New Guinea result: Black Caps end Twenty20 World Cup with win
By Cameron McMillan
Deputy Head of Sport·NZ Herald·
17 Jun, 2024 06:52 PM
5 mins to read
Save

Sign in to save for later


Share

Trent Boult of New Zealand celebrates the wicket of Hiri Hiri of Papua New Guinea during the ICC Men's T20 Cricket World Cup. Photo / Getty Images

Papua New Guinea 78 all out

New Zealand 79/3 (12.2 overs)

New Zealand won by seven wickets

It was a tournament to forget but the Black Caps achieved a first at the 2024 Twenty20 World Cup – they won their final game of the tournament.

At the last three World Cups, winning their last game would have meant they had claimed the title but, after suffering two early group defeats to Afghanistan and the West Indies in this tournament, Gary Stead’s side were condemned to finishing their campaign with not-unexpected victories over minnows Uganda and Papua New Guinea. Today, they delivered a seven-wicket win in Trinidad to finish third in their group.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

New Zealand went into today’s game in that difficult position - anything other than an expected thrashing would be regarded as not good enough.

They managed to provide something of a one-sided victory and got to finish the World Cup with back-to-back wins – small consolation when you’re packing your bags while the top-finishing teams will go on to decide the tournament winner.

After a rain delay of more than an hour, New Zealand bowled first, with Trent Boult and Tim Southee sharing the new ball.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

The Boult-Southee combination has been a huge part of New Zealand’s success for the past 13 years since the pair first bowled in tandem in the famous Hobart test win in 2011. It seems a bit off that it should come to an end against PNG in a Twenty20 group game.

Southee removed PNG opener Tony Ura at backward point in his first over before Lockie Ferguson replaced Boult, who struck with his first ball in what was the start of an historic spell.

PNG had no answers for the paceman, who bowled four maidens - the first player to do so at the Twenty20 World Cup, and second in T20 history. He finished with 3-0 as all PNG could manage off his 24 deliveries was two leg byes.

Lockie Ferguson of New Zealand celebrates the wicket of Charles Amini of Papua New Guinea during the ICC Men's T20 Cricket World Cup. Photo / Getty Images

At the end of his spell after 14 overs, PNG were 45 for five. Southee (2-11) and Boult (2-14) returned to all but finish them off before Ish Sodhi (2-29) took the last two wickets in the final over.

Discover more
Black Caps
Black Caps great’s fears for future of test cricket as T20 surges
16 Jun 05:00 AM
Black Caps
Black Caps star confirms T20 World Cup will be his last
15 Jun 04:14 AM
Black Caps
Too little, too late: Black Caps destroy Uganda for first win of T20 World Cup
15 Jun 02:54 AM
Opinion
Alex Powell: Sacking Gary Stead won’t solve the Black Caps’ problems
17 Jun 01:15 AM

In the innings break, Boult said it was “an unusual feeling” to be finishing up their tournament and his Twenty20 international career in a group game.

“Feels a bit weird, a few emotions over the last couple of days. Looking at the tournament, gutted to not go further, it’s an unusual feeling but proud of what I’ve done in the Black Cap but sad it’s my last stage playing for New Zealand in Twenty20s,” Boult told the host broadcaster after the PNG innings.

Boult said he wasn’t sure if he’ll be back in other forms of the game but confirmed his Twenty20 career for New Zealand was done. He was picked for the ODI World Cup in India last year but hasn’t played a test since June 2022.

“I’m not sure [if it’s my final game], I haven’t forecast further than this - I’m probably in no position to comment right now, but this is the last game at the World Cup for us. Enjoyed being out there one last time.”

Not willing to call time on his career just yet, Boult seemed more reflective on his time bowling alongside Southee.

“A very good friend of mine, we’ve shared a dressing room for well over a dozen years, a partnership that I’ve really enjoyed forming. Very close friends off the field, nice to be out with him for the last couple of days.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.

“I enjoyed the last couple of games. Mixed emotions in the camp, didn’t start how we wanted to, we were off the ball, it’s a short format, that’s all it takes.”

In their chase, New Zealand didn’t exactly make it look easy with a stuttering start.

While the Black Caps have collectively had a tournament to forget, opener Finn Allen in particular might be the one most wanting to scrub his statistics from the past two weeks. He made a first-ball duck in the opener against Afghanistan and just nine in the small chase to beat Uganda. Today, he chased a wide delivery second ball off Kabua Morea, edging through to keeper Kiplin Doriga for another duck.

Rachin Ravindra (six off 11) joined him four overs later, also dismissed by Morea, as New Zealand were 20-2.

Devon Conway and Kane Williamson got the chase back on track but weren’t exactly in a hurry to end their campaign. Conway made 35 from 32 before he was trapped lbw by Semo Kamea at 54-3.

Daryl Mitchell then made quick work of it, striking 19 off 12 balls to complete the win. Williamson finished on 18 not out, his highest score of the World Cup. That probably says it all.

ADVERTISEMENT
Advertise with NZME.
Recommended for you
Refresh for more
New Zealand
One critical after car and motorcycle crash near Morrinsville
New Zealand
Person seriously injures spine jumping from notorious wharf
Travel news
Revamped Cape Brett DoC hut offers some of Northland’s best views
World
Fiji police probe alleged sexual assault of Virgin Australia crew member
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
Latest from Black Caps
Sri Lanka claim consolation victory over Black Caps
02 Jan 04:40 AM

Kusal Perera hit a hundred as Sri Lanka avoided a 3-0 sweep by the Black Caps.

Black Caps fall barely short of record target
02 Jan 04:18 AM
Hay and Duffy star as Black Caps seal series win
30 Dec 10:07 AM
Duffy bowls Black Caps to comprehensive victory
30 Dec 09:49 AM
SPONSORED
What falling rates mean for investors
Paid promoted content
Recommended by
NZ HERALD
About NZ Herald
Meet the journalists
Newsletters
Classifieds
Help & support
Contact us
House rules
Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Competition terms & conditions
Our use of AI
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
NZ Herald e-editions
Daily puzzles & quizzes
Manage your digital subscription
Manage your print subscription
Subscribe to the NZ Herald newspaper
Subscribe to Herald Premium
Gift a subscription
Subscriber FAQs
Subscription terms & conditions
Promotions and subscriber benefits
NZME NETWORK
The New Zealand Herald
The Northland Age
The Northern Advocate
Waikato Herald
Bay of Plenty Times
Rotorua Daily Post
Hawke's Bay Today
Whanganui Chronicle
Viva
NZ Listener
What the Actual
Newstalk ZB
BusinessDesk
OneRoof
Driven CarGuide
iHeart Radio
Restaurant Hub
NZME
About NZME
NZME careers
Advertise with NZME
Digital self-service advertising
Book your classified ad
Photo sales
NZME Events
© Copyright 2025 NZME Publishing Limited
Access New Zealand’s best journalism
From $0.99 per week
Subscribe now
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nzherald.co.nz/sport/cricket/black-caps/new-zealand-v-papua-new-guinea-result-black-caps-end-twenty20-world-cup-with-win/LTVPAJTVLRHGVHRRF34TAFKUQA/ 
 ----- 
