We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE

Wisden

Search
SEARCH
Looking for...
Ben Stokes
Virat Kohli
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
Joe Root
IPL Auction
Perth Test
Rohit Sharma
Kane Williamson
GLOBAL

Change Edition

UK
Asia
India
Global
HOME
NEWS
SCORES
LIVE SCORES
FIXTURES
RESULTS
INTERNATIONAL
AUSTRALIA VS INDIA (M)
SOUTH AFRICA VS PAKISTAN (M)
INDIA VS WEST INDIES (W)
ZIMBABWE VS AFGHANISTAN (M)
NEW ZEALAND VS SRI LANKA (M)
CHAMPIONS TROPHY
WOMEN'S ASHES
FEATURES
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
QUIZZES
DAILY QUIZ
QUIZ ARCHIVE
ABOUT WISDEN
WISDEN PODCASTS
WISDEN CRICKETERS' ALMANACK
THE WISDEN STORY
WISDEN CRICKET MONTHLY
CONTACT US
RECORDS
CRICKETBET

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Youtube

Patreon

T20 World Cup 2024

Home
News
Fixtures & Results
Standings
Squads
Teams
4-4-0-3: Lockie Ferguson achieves T20 World Cup perfection
Jun 17, 2024 
3 minute read
T20 WORLD CUP 2024
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on WhatsApp
Copy Link

Lockie Ferguson achieved a men's T20 World Cup first against Papua new Guinea today (June 17), when he bowled his full quota of four overs without conceding a single run off the bat.

The right-arm quick came on midway through the powerplay, bowling the fourth over of the game and striking with his first ball. He enticed Asaad Vala into a drive and caught the edge of his bat, with the ball going through to Daryl Mitchell at first slip. The rest of the over consisted of five dot balls, giving him the sixth maiden of his T20I career.

Coming back on for his next over, Ferguson immediately moved up another rung on the most T20I maidens charts, sending down six dot balls this time to Sese Bau. He brought out a play and a miss first up, before drawing a thick edge with his next ball. Bau slashed wildly at the next one, missing the fourth and defending the fifth. Closing out the over, Bau missed out on a cutable length to finish the first half of Ferguson's quota.

Already with rare figures from his first two overs, Ferguson came back into the attack to bowl the 12th over. An off-cutter went through to the keeper first up before he pinned one into Charles Amini's pads with his next. The umpire initial ruled it not out but a good decision to refer upstairs showed the ball to be thumping into middle and leg. Closing out the over with Hiri Hiri unable to make meaningful contact with the ball, Ferguson went back into the field with figures of 2-0 and one over left to bowl.

No bowler who has bowled their full four-over quota has previously conceded no runs in men's T20 World Cup. The only bowlers with economy rates of zero in an innings are Albie Morkel (1-0 vs England in 2009 - one over), and Nuwan Kulasekara (1-0 vs Netherlands in 2014 - two overs). The previous most economical spell for a bowler who bowled four overs in a men's T20 World Cup match was Frank Nsubuga, also recorded against Papua New Guinea in this edition of the tournament (2-4). Canada's Saad Bin Zafar has emulated the feat in T20Is, against Panama in 2021.

With the prospect of beating the lot, Ferguson came on to bowl his final over, and dependably sent down a dot to start with. He splatered Charles Soper's stumps with his second ball but endured a nervy moment with his next. Bowling to Kiplin Doriga, he sent down another slower ball which Doriga advanced to. Attempting a big shot, the ball rolled down to third man for two runs, which were ruled to have come off Doriga's pads so didn't add any runs to Ferguson's figures.

Another two dot balls were sent down before Ferguson lined up for his final delivery. Once again Doriga advanced bat could only send it back to the bowler, securing history for Ferguson.

Papua New Guinea were eventually bowled out for 78 with two balls left in the innings. New Zealand sent down 81 dot balls in the innings, the second most for a team in men's T20 World Cup history.

Follow Wisden for all T20 World Cup updates, including live scores, match stats, quizzes and more. Stay up to date with the latest cricket news, player updates, team standings and match highlights.

LATEST NEWS
View More
Rohit: Pant used knee as excuse to smartly pause T20 World Cup final chase
Oct 05, 2024
T20 World Cup 2024
New York pitch for India-Pakistan T20 World Cup game rated 'Satisfactory' by ICC
Aug 20, 2024
T20 World Cup 2024
Trinidad pitch for Afghanistan-South Africa semi-final rated 'unsatisfactory'
Aug 20, 2024
T20 World Cup 2024
'There’s no common sense in cricket' - Mitchell Starc criticises 'hectic' T20 World Cup schedule
Jul 11, 2024
T20 World Cup 2024
SERIES IN FOCUS
Australia vs India (M) 2024-25
Nov 22 - Jan 03, 2024-25
Champions Trophy 2025
Feb 19 - Mar 09, 2025
South Africa vs Pakistan (M) 2024 - 25
Dec 10 - Jan 03, 2024 - 25
World Test Championship 2023 - 25
Jun 16-Feb 06, 2023 - 25
Home
Series
News
4-4-0-3: Lockie Ferguson Achieves T20 World Cup Perfection
About Wisden
The Wisden Story
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Wisden Cricket Monthly
Wisden Podcasts
Wisden Contributors
Contact us
Terms
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy

© 2024 Indie Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Indie Space may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wisden.com/series/icc-mens-t20-world-cup-2024/cricket-news/lockie-ferguson-bowls-four-overs-without-conceding-a-run-in-t20-world-cup-first 
 ----- 
