Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Top Events
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
NCAAM
NCAAW
NHL
UFC
Top Soccer
PGA Tour
LPGA Tour
NBA G League
Tennis (M)
Tennis (W)
PLL (Lacrosse)
WNBA
MLB
Men's NCAA Ice Hockey
Women's NCAA Ice Hockey
Feb 20
Feb 21
Feb 22
Gamecast
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
2/20
8:05 PM
Full Scoreboard »
Menu
ESPN
Pirates
63-72, 31-36 Away
3
Final
Guardians
77-59, 42-25 Home
0
Gamecast
Recap
Box Score
Play-by-Play
Tellez and Ortiz help the Pirates blank the AL Central-leading Guardians 3-0
ByAP
Sep 1, 2024, 02:01 am

CLEVELAND -- — Rowdy Tellez hit a two-run single in the eighth inning, and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the AL Central leading Cleveland Guardians 3-0 on Saturday night.

Luis Ortiz (6-4) pitched six innings of one-hit ball in his first win since July 20. The right-hander struck out five and walked three, helping Pittsburgh stop a four-game slide.

“It was a start we needed and Luis did a great job getting us through six,” manager Derek Shelton said. “We pitched really well and got a couple of big hits when we needed them. It’s a good way to end August.”

Jalen Beeks, Dennis Santana and Aroldis Chapman combined with Ortiz on a two-hitter. Chapman earned his fifth save of the season and tied Roberto Hernandez for 19th on the career list with 326.

“I put a lot of good work in this week and I felt good,” Ortiz said through an interpreter. “The slider was working and it made my other pitches better.”

The Guardians, who own the best home record in the AL at 42-25, maintained a 2 1/2-game lead in the division over Kansas City. They were shut out for the 14th time this season, matching the most in the majors.

Bo Naylor singled in the fifth and Josh Naylor doubled in the seventh to account for Cleveland’s two hits.

“We just couldn’t get anything going against Ortiz,” Guardians manager Stephen Vogt said. “He had it working.”

With two outs and the bases loaded in the eighth, Tellez was sent up to hit for Connor Joe and Eli Morgan replaced Tim Herrin on the mound. Tellez lined a 1-1 changeup from Morgan into right-center, driving in Bryan Reynolds and Nick Gonzales for a 3-0 lead.

Gonzales also doubled in the fourth and scored on Andrew McCutchen’s single.

Guardians starter Matthew Boyd (1-1) struck out a season-high eight over six innings. The left-hander gave up four hits and a run in his fourth start since undergoing Tommy John surgery.

“It sounds cliché, but all I can do is execute my pitches, whether the result is good, bad or indifferent,” Boyd said.

The Guardians had two runners on with one out in the seventh. Lane Thomas drove a Santana pitch to left, where Reynolds made the catch at the wall and threw to second, doubling up Josh Naylor.

McCutchen extended his hitting streak to 13 games — his longest since 2018 with San Francisco — and Oneil Cruz reached base for the 22nd consecutive contest with a pair of singles.

Tim Herrin was struck on the left triceps by a Cruz liner in the seventh, forcing him to exit after facing one batter.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Pirates: LHP Ryan Borucki (left triceps inflammation) has a 1.80 ERA in five appearances for Triple-A Indianapolis on his current rehab assignment.

Guardians: DH Josh Naylor (left ankle bruise) batted cleanup, one night after being helped off the field following an RBI single in the eighth.

UP NEXT

Pirates RHP Mitch Keller (11-8, 3.84 ERA) takes on Guardians RHP Alex Cobb (1-1, 4.35 ERA) on Sunday in the three-game series finale. Cobb has been on the injured list with a fractured fingernail since Aug. 16.

------

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

Game Information
Progressive Field
10:10 PM, August 31, 2024
Cleveland, Ohio
Line: CLE -190
Over/Under: 8.5
Attendance: 35,747
Game Time:
2:46
Umpires:
Home Plate Umpire - Ryan Wills
First Base Umpire - Carlos Torres
Second Base Umpire - Chad Fairchild
Third Base Umpire - Chad Whitson
Gebruiksvoorwaarden
Privacybeleid
Gepersonaliseerde advertenties
Europese Privacy Regelgeving
Cookiebeleid
Support
Manage Privacy Preferences
© ESPN Enterprises, Inc. Alle rechten voorbehouden.
Your Privacy Settings
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. We work with 870 partners. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time through the “Manage Privacy Preferences” link on each page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. For additional information, please visit our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to:

Store and/or access information on a device. Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Show Purposes
Continue without Accepting
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/recap?gameId=401570510 
 ----- 
