Light
Home
News
Teams
Premier League
F365 Favourites
Tables
Fixtures
Results
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
News
Enzo Fernandez ‘private Apology’ To Chelsea Players To Fall On Deaf Ears – ‘Will Never Trust Him Again’
Enzo Fernandez ‘private apology’ to Chelsea players to fall on deaf ears – ‘Will never trust him again’
Will Ford
17 Jul 2024 6:48 PM
Enzo Fernandez will 'never be trusted' by his Chelsea teammates again.

Enzo Fernandez has reportedly apologised privately to his Chelsea teammates for his racist slurs but “they’ll never look at him the same ever again”.

Fernandez took a video of him and his Argentina teammates singing a racist song about France players as they celebrated their Copa America victory.

Carra, Nev and Smith praise Southgate...
Lennon: Celtic thrashing like a 'clip...
Colwill: Chelsea are out the title race...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
The Verdict: Arsenal 'not feeling the...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
Moyes: Upbringing played huge part in...
'He's had problems' - Pep admits Man...
In-stadium VAR announcements to be...
'Certainly not looking to help other...
Silva admits Man City can't win the...
<
>

Chelsea defender Wesley Fofana reacted with a social medifa message which said: ‘Football in 2024: uninhibited racism.’

And The Telegraph has revealed that as well as his public apology released on Instagram, the midfiedler also send a message that was circulated around the entire Chelsea squad.

Fofana, Christopher Nkunku, Malo Gusto and Axel Disasi were among those to unfollow him on social media in the aftermath, while the club has confirmed that they have started an internal disciplinary procedure over the matter that is likely to see Fernandez fined.

READ MORE: Enzo Fernandez and Wesley Fofana bring out football’s inhibited racists

Former Premier League striker Darren Bent says his teammates “will never trust him in the same way” no matter the apology.

“I hope they [Chelsea teammates] would have contacted him first and asked the question of ‘what are you playing at?’ Bent said on talkSPORT. “But they’ll never look at him the same ever again regardless of whether he puts out the sorrys and says I should never have done this.

“Even if he stands there in front of his Chelsea teammates and says ‘I’m deeply sorry for what I’ve done’, they’ll never ever look at him the same.

“In the moment, he’s the one hosting the video. It’s quite clear that this is not his first time singing this song and it’s not their [Argentina squad] first time singing this song because they’re all happy, all singing and they’re all joyful because they’ve just won the Copa America.

“But at the same time, in that relaxed environment and it comes out as easy as it did, his teammates will never trust him the same way.”

Fifa also reacted to the video by saying: ‘Fifa is aware of a video circulating on social media and the incident is being looked into. Fifa strongly condemns any form of discrimination by anyone including players, fans and officials.’

How long will Enzo Maresca last at Chelsea?
Gone before Christmas
Won't last the season
One to three seasons
Dynasty and a statue

Chelsea
Enzo Fernandez
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Editor F365
02 Jan 2025
Four Liverpool deals among 20 biggest January transfers ever

Players Liverpool sold, signed and even just targeted are among the most expensive transfers in the history of the January window…

F365 Features
Dusan Vlahovic
Joe Williams
12 Dec 2024
Barcelona ‘offer’ two Prem targets to Chelsea in hope they can sign £107m star ‘for free’

Barcelona have pledged two players in a potential ‘swap deal’ to take Chelsea midfielder Enzo Fernandez to the Camp Nou, according to reports.

Chelsea
Enzo Fernandez
Sarah Winterburn
28 Nov 2024
Ten Rodri regens and their chances of a January move to Man City

If we accept that Manchester City need a new Rodri – and they clearly do – then the best place to start looking is at players with similar skills.

F365 Features
Enzo Fernandez
Will Ford
23 Nov 2024
Didier Drogba, Cesc Fabregas regens shine as Chelsea enjoy *actual* coaching from Enzo Maresca

The Nicolas Jackson, Didier Drogba comparison is old hat but that goal was about as Drogba as it gets. Oh, and it turns out Enzo Fernandez is The Next Cesc ...

F365 Says
Enzo Fernandez
1
Joe Williams
12 Nov 2024
Enzo Maresca sent warning over Chelsea star who is ‘not suited to the Premier League’

Former Premier League defender William Gallas has warned Chelsea boss Enzo Maresca that Enzo Fernandez may not be suited to the English top flight.

Chelsea
Enzo Fernandez
Lewis Oldham
07 Nov 2024
Liverpool ‘prepare offer’ to sign Real Madrid star in Chelsea blow with ‘bargaining chip closer’ to exit

According to reports, Liverpool are willing to increase their ‘offer’ to Real Madrid to sign France international Aurelien Tchouameni next year.

Liverpool
Aurelien Tchouameni
Mailbox
Man Utd have made ‘appalling mis-step’ with Ruben Amorim; it’s Roy Hodgson again
5 hours ago
39
Ruben Amorim
Arsenal ‘plastic fans’ are ‘humiliating themselves’ with Arteta impatience
02 Jan 2025
50
Mikel Arteta
Amorim tactical rigidity not the problem – Manchester United players ‘are knowingly failing to perform’
01 Jan 2025
23
Ruben Amorim
Amorim must stop copying ‘shamelessly negligent’ relegated manager and be more like O’Neill
01 Jan 2025
9
Martin O'neill
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer
Premier League Table
Full Table
#	TEAM	P	W	D	L	GD	PTS

	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


	
	
	
	
	
	
	


View More
Mediawatch
Arne Slot > Sir Alex as Marcus Rashford ‘not ruling out’ actual employers
2 hours ago
5
Arne Slot
Ruben Amorim
Arsenal dream of truly ‘unbelievable’ four-man transfer spree after first deal ‘sealed’
02 Jan 2025
3
Mo Salah ‘not happy’ after ‘huge update’ that’s not an update at all
23 Dec 2024
2
Mohamed Salah
Rashford slammed for taking ‘flamethrower’ to Amorim relationship as ‘era of tough-nut footballer’ dies with Walker
20 Dec 2024
1
Kyle Walker
Marcus Rashford
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Football365 Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.football365.com/news/enzo-fernandez-chelsea-deaf-ears-never-trust-him 
 ----- 
