Buscar en todo el sitio
Argentina
Colombia
España
México
Perú
Mundo
Últimas Noticias
Política
Economía
Teleshow
Deportes
Sociedad
Policiales
Perros y gatos
Chacra y Campo
Movant LogComex
Turismo
Tendencias
Qué puedo ver
Educación
Podcasts
Video
Nuevo
Cultura
Malditos Nerds
Tecno
Virales
Judiciales
Salud
Autos
Bienvenido
Por favor, ingresa a tu cuenta.
REGISTRARME
INICIAR SESIÓN
ARTICLES
Olympic soccer, a tournament that does not value precedents
We know about the strange relationship between the IOC and FIFA. Historical anomalies continue on the way to Paris with a distribution of continental seats that does not respect the history of this sport within the games themselves.

Por
Gonzalo Bonadeo

26 Mar, 2024 02:00 a.m. EST
Guardar
Paris 2024 Olympic Games - Olympic Football Tournament Draw - Le Pulse, Saint-Denis, France - March 20, 2024 Overview during the REUTERS/Stephanie Lecocq drawing

The IOC and FIFA have such a particular bond that there are times when it would seem that a certain soccer leadership feels that the presence of their sport in the games represents a minor issue.

There are ancient signs. For example, the one at the time of the Cold War, clearly displayed also in sports —few matches generated greater audiences and expectations than a confrontation between the United States and the then Soviet Union—in which the countries behind the so-called Iron Curtain won 9 out of 10 titles, considering the period between Helsinki 1952 and Seoul 1988. Hungary, Yugoslavia, Democratic Germany, Poland, Bulgaria and the Soviet Union itself claimed a total of 22 medals out of a total of 30 contested in this sport during that period.

Nothing relevant except for a detail that explains that, even then, anomalies were of very little concern and the world of rings did not seem to worry too much about such anomalies, such as that, while the regulations limited the presence of unrented players, which forced all delegations to use youth players, those teams used a large part of their main figures since, within communist logic, no athlete considered himself a professional. There were many medalists in the FIFA world cups who, in the same period, climbed to Olympic podiums.

Many years later, the anomalies are still in effect.

For example, the distribution of seats for a tournament that will have 16 teams instead of the 12 that are allowed in most of the other team sports that we will enjoy in Paris.

This distribution only respects sporting history in the case of Europe, which has 3 places more than the usual as well as the host country’s team.

The players of the Argentine under-23 team celebrate qualifying for the Paris Olympic Games. EFE/ Rayner Peña R

The biggest loser is South America, a continent that, despite having fifteen Olympic podiums distributed between Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay, Paraguay and Chile, will have only two places in France. This is one less than North and Central America, which only have a couple of podiums. And one or two fewer than Asia and Africa, which have three fixed places and one more for whoever wins the playoff between the quarterfinals of the regional tournaments of the aforementioned continents.

The remaining ticket is from Oceania. More precisely, from New Zealand, whose semifinal victories against Vanuatu 8-0 and Fiji 9-0 give an eloquent demonstration of the low competitive level of a competition that, in addition, dispensed with Australia, a country that geographically forms part of that continent but that, in the context of FIFA, plays with Asians.

Considering that, due to the unfair distribution of spaces on a continental level, teams such as Brazil or Uruguay were left out of Paris, sporting excellence does not seem to be the priority in those desks. By the way, a situation that would never be accepted in other sports that are played in the same games. Without going any further, in men’s handball, 9 of the 12 qualified are European, a continent that won 41 medals out of 42 possible in the Olympic history of this sport. Important clarification: in this sport, as in others, there are continental classifications but half of the places are contested in pre-Olympic games in which teams from different regions compete. In this way, it is guaranteed that, if the historical order were altered, it would be because of sporting results and not because of bureaucratic negotiations.

But there is something else to highlight about the licenses that FIFA takes with Olympic soccer. And it refers to the very same continental qualifying stages.

While South America, Asia, Africa and Oceania compete in the category under 23 years of age, the same as in the games themselves, in Europe they compete under-21 and in North and Central America in under-20. An absurdity that has an added bonus: the African tournament was played a year ago. In this way, it is likely that many of the players who qualified for their national teams will be over the age allowed when the Parisian event arrives.

It is true that all this is a fait accompli and that the mere speculation that Lionel Messi and Killian Mbappe may become members of their chosen ones overshadows all criticism of the procedures mentioned.

However, before and after, some soccer and Olympic fans will continue to wonder if there’s no chance that this marriage will discuss their disagreements and we’ll all be happier.

Compartir nota:
Temas Relacionados
Soccer
FIFA
IOC
Olympic Games
Últimas Noticias
Sinner-Alcaraz, the duel that came to succeed the three phenomenons
Beyond the final result, Roland Garros left the feeling that the Italian and the Spaniard will shape the great duel that came to help us through the duel for the end of the Federer-Nadal-Djokovic era.
Table tennis: Brazil’s Bruna Costa Alexandre will be Olympic and Paralympic in Paris 2024
She is the third in her sport and the seventh athlete to achieve it in the same edition; in Santiago 2023 she was the first athlete with disabilities to compete at the Pan American level and won a medal.
Rugby 7s: the best player of 2023 would only play the medal match in Paris
Argentinian Rodrigo Isgró received a five-game suspension for an indiscipline in the circuit’s decisive clash that would exclude him until the final or the bronze match; the Federation will seek to make the appeal successful.
Rhonex Kipruto, owner of the world record for the 10000 meters on the road, was suspended for six years
The Kenyan received the maximum sanction for irregularities in his biological passport and the Court considered that he was part of a system of “deliberate and sophisticated doping” to improve his performance. He will lose his record and the bronze medal at the Doha World Cup.
Katie Ledecky spoke about doping Chinese swimmers: “It’s difficult to go to Paris knowing that we’re going to compete with some of these athletes”
The American, a seven-time Olympic champion, referred to the case of the 23 positive controls before the Tokyo Games that were announced a few weeks ago and shook the swimming world. “I think our faith in some of the systems is at an all-time low,” he said.
Lo Último
|
Argentina
Impactante accidente de una figura de esquí: salió despedido y tuvo que ser trasladado en helicóptero por sus graves lesiones
Tragedia en Santiago del Estero: murió un niño de dos años en un accidente entre una camioneta y una moto
La estrella de la NBA Luka Doncic sufrió un violento robo: el informe del FBI que puso en alerta la seguridad de los jugadores
El álbum de fotos y videos del casamiento de la figura de la selección de handball Pablo Simonet y la Leona Pilar Campoy
Con un posteo y datos actualizados sobre la reducción de personal del Estado, Sturzenegger ratificó la continuidad de la motosierra
Te Recomendamos
1
Un neurólogo explica las tres cosas que puedes hacer para mejorar tu memoria: “Duerme, haz ejercicio y mantén tu mente activa”
2
Encuentran en el tren de aterrizaje de un avión el cadáver de un hombre: el vuelo había atravesado la mitad del Pacífico
3
Unos inquilinos se quedan sin puertas ni ventanas en su casa: el propietario los quiere desalojar y asegura que le deben “cinco meses de alquiler”
4
Lo acusaron de abusar de un menor en La Plata y juró venganza: “Se las voy a romper a balazos”
5
Una empresa despide a una telefonista de baja a la que diagnosticaron una enfermedad grave: justificaron el despido porque ya no se hacen llamadas de spam
ÚLTIMAS NOTICIAS
Receta de dulce de batata casero, rápida y fácil
Tragedia en Santiago del Estero: murió un niño de dos años en un accidente entre una camioneta y una moto
Una vía fluvial sudamericana se convierte en una “superautopista” de la cocaína hacia Europa
Con un posteo y datos actualizados sobre la reducción de personal del Estado, Sturzenegger ratificó la continuidad de la motosierra
Patricia Bullrich y Horacio Rodríguez Larreta se cruzaron en redes por la fuga de presos en la Ciudad: “Lo que decís es mentira”
INFOBAE AMÉRICA
Los cubanos sufren la peor crisis desde que el régimen castrista tomó el poder hace más de seis décadas
El líder rebelde de Siria prometió disolver el grupo islamista HTS y convocar a elecciones tras reformar la Constitución
Histórico giro en Turquía: tras 25 años preso, Abdullah Öcalan se abrió a negociar el fin del conflicto kurdo
Azerbaiyán le exigió a Rusia que confiese su responsabilidad por la caída del avión que se estrelló en Kazajistán: “El fuselaje estaba lleno de agujeros”
El ejército de Israel destruyó un sistema lanzamisiles que era utilizado para atacar Jerusalén desde el norte de la Franja de Gaza
TELESHOW
Roly Serrano regresó a la televisión después del accidente por el que estuvo 9 meses internado: “Bajé casi 50 kilos”
Prohibiciones, la cárcel y la muerte: cómo siguió la vida de los Callejeros después del 30 de diciembre de 2004
Los escándalos de los famosos en el 2024, mucho más que la separación de Pampita y la guerra entre Wanda e Icardi
Sebastián Borensztein: “La gente cree que el dinero de las películas es el mismo que falta en los hospitales y no es así”
El reproche de Mirtha Legrand a Fede Bal por sus romances: “No conozco a nadie que haya tenido más novias que vos”
Seguinos:
Secciones
América
Colombia
España
México
RSS
Perú
Últimas Noticias
Contáctenos
Redacción
Contacto comercial
Media Kit
Empleo
Legales
Términos y Condiciones
Política de Privacidad
Todos Los Derechos Reservados © 2024 Infobae
Suscríbete a nuestras notificaciones para recibir las últimas noticias de todos los países
Suscribirse
Después
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.infobae.com/aroundtherings/articles/2024/03/26/olympic-soccer-a-tournament-that-does-not-value-precedents/ 
 ----- 
