We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE

Wisden

Search
SEARCH
Looking for...
Ben Stokes
Virat Kohli
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
Joe Root
IPL Auction
Perth Test
Rohit Sharma
Kane Williamson
GLOBAL

Change Edition

UK
Asia
India
Global
HOME
NEWS
SCORES
LIVE SCORES
FIXTURES
RESULTS
INTERNATIONAL
AUSTRALIA VS INDIA (M)
NEW ZEALAND VS ENGLAND (M)
SOUTH AFRICA VS ENGLAND (W)
SOUTH AFRICA VS SRI LANKA (M)
WEST INDIES VS BANGLADESH (M)
ZIMBABWE VS PAKISTAN (M)
FEATURES
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
QUIZZES
DAILY QUIZ
QUIZ ARCHIVE
ABOUT WISDEN
WISDEN PODCASTS
WISDEN CRICKETERS' ALMANACK
THE WISDEN STORY
WISDEN CRICKET MONTHLY
CONTACT US
RECORDS
CRICKETBET

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Youtube

Patreon

Bismah Maroof, former Pakistan captain, retires from international cricket
Apr 25, 2024 
2 minute read
NEWS
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on WhatsApp
Copy Link

Bismah Maroof, the former Pakistan Women captain, has announced her retirement from international cricket with immediate effect.

Maroof, 32, called time on a 17-year-career with Pakistan, finishing as their leading run-getter in women’s ODIs and T20Is. She will still be available to play league cricket.

In a social media post captioned Pakistan Zindabad (long live Pakistan), she penned her retirement post, thanking the Pakistan Cricket Board, her teammates and support staff, as well as her family, for having collected “a treasure trove of memories”. The post also has a picture of Maroof walking alongside her child Fatima, who was famously present at the 2023 World Cup in New Zealand.

In a separate release by the PCB, she emphasised on the board’s parental policy that allows female cricketers up to 12 months of paid leave, and had had helped her continue to play for Pakistan after the birth of her child.

“I have decided to retire from the game I love the most. It has been an incredible journey, filled with challenges, victories, and unforgettable memories,” the statement read. “I want to express my gratitude to my family, who has supported me throughout my cricketing journey, from the very beginning until now.

“I also want to extend my thanks to the Pakistan Cricket Board for believing in me and providing the platform to showcase my talent. The support from the PCB has been invaluable, particularly in implementing the first-ever parental policy for me, which enabled me to represent my country at the highest level while being a mother.

“I am deeply grateful to the fans whose unwavering support has been a constant throughout my career, wherever and whenever I represented my country. Lastly, I would like to thank my fellow players, who have become like family to me. The camaraderie we shared both on and off the field is something I will cherish forever.”

Maroof, who captained Pakistan in 62 T20Is and 34 ODIs, retired with 3,369 ODI and 2,983 T20I runs. She also claimed 80 international wickets with her leg-breaks. Having debuted as a 15-year-old in 2006, she played 136 ODIs (the most for Pakistan) and 140 T20Is (the second-most, after Nida Dar).

LATEST NEWS
View More
AUS vs IND fifth Test, where to watch live: TV channels, live streaming, match timings for SCG Test
Jan 01, 2025
Australia vs India (M) 2024/25
Who were the highest wicket-takers in men's Tests in 2024?
Jan 01, 2025
News
Wisden's 2024 men's Test debutants XI
Jan 01, 2025
Sarah Waris
News
Can Gautam Gambhir resurrect himself before it all falls apart?
Jan 01, 2025
Rahul Iyer
Australia vs India (M) 2024/25
SERIES IN FOCUS
Australia vs India (M) 2024-25
Nov 22 - Jan 03, 2024-25
Champions Trophy 2025
Feb 19 - Mar 09, 2025
South Africa vs Pakistan (M) 2024 - 25
Dec 10 - Jan 03, 2024 - 25
World Test Championship 2023 - 25
Jun 16-Feb 06, 2023 - 25
Home
Cricket News
Bismah Maroof, former Pakistan captain, retires from international cricket
About Wisden
The Wisden Story
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Wisden Cricket Monthly
Wisden Podcasts
Wisden Contributors
Contact us
Terms
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy

© 2024 Indie Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Indie Space may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wisden.com/cricket-news/bismah-maroof-former-pakistan-captain-retires-from-international-cricket 
 ----- 
