Skip to main content
Gaslamp Ball homepage
a San Diego Padres community
Follow Gaslamp Ball online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Gaslamp Ball main menu
FANPOSTS
ABOUT US
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

Game #137: San Diego Padres at Tampa Bay Rays

The Padres continue their trip in Florida

By Ben Fadden  Aug 30, 2024, 12:34pm PDT  90 Comments / 90 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook
Share this on Twitter
SHARE
All sharing options
San Diego Padres vs. Tampa Bay Rays, August 30, 2024, 3:50 p.m. PT

Location: Tropicana Field, St. Petersburg, FL

TV: Apple TV+

Radio: 97.3 The Fan

Please remember our Game Day thread guidelines.

Don’t troll in your comments; create conversation rather than destroying it
Remember Gaslamp Ball is basically a non-profanity site
Out of respect to broadcast partners who have paid to carry the game, no mentions of “alternative” (read: illegal) viewing methods are allowed in our threads
The commenting system was updated during the offseason. They’re still working on optimizing it for Game Day Threads like ours. If you don’t like clicking “Load More Comments”, remember that the “Z” key can be your friend. It loads up the latest comments automatically.

GB community, this is your thread for today’s game. Enjoy!

MORE FROM GASLAMP BALL
Good Morning San Diego: Padres agree to deals with Luis Arraez, Dylan Cease
Good Morning San Diego: Padres facing competition for Roki Sasaki
Matt Seidler guarantees Padres won’t relocate
Good Morning San Diego: Padres finalist in Roki Sasaski sweepstakes
Gaslamp Ball is hiring!
Good Morning San Diego: Padres could trade Luis Arraez to Yankees
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Manage Privacy Settings  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.

Privacy Notice
We and our 870 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the ["privacy preferences"] link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.Cookie Policy
 

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Create profiles to personalise content. Develop and improve services. Store and/or access information on a device. Measure advertising performance. Use limited data to select content. Measure content performance. Use profiles to select personalised content. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Use limited data to select advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising.
List of Partners (vendors)

Accept Manage Settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gaslampball.com/2024/8/30/24231101/game-137-san-diego-padres-at-tampa-bay-rays 
 ----- 
