Skip to content
42°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
About Us
About Us
Our Journalism
Community Advisory Board
Contact the Newsroom
eNewspaper
The San Diego Union-Tribune
Carmel Valley News
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Poway News Chieftain
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Bernardo News
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Solana Beach Sun
Columnists
Nick Canepa
Lisa Deaderick
Tom Krasovic
Bryce Miller
Michael Smolens
News
Local News
Border & Baja California
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
Education
Environment
Health
Immigration
Local Politics
Military
National News
National Politics
Politics
Science
Transportation
Watchdog
World News
Local News
San Diego County
San Diego
North County
East County
South County
Business
Business
Biotech
Growth & Development
Economy
Energy
Real Estate
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Technology
Tourism
Best Reviews
Opinion
Opinion
Community Voices
Commentary
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Sports
Sports
SDSU Aztecs
San Diego Padres
San Diego FC
San Diego Wave FC
High School Sports
Chargers/Rams
Toreros
San Diego Gulls
Golf
Fantasy Sports
Things to do
Things to do
Amusement Parks
Arts
Books
Casinos
Puzzles
Recipes
Home and Garden
Movies
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
TV and Streaming
UT Store
Weather
U-T En Español
U-T Community Press
Del Mar Times
Encinitas Advocate
La Jolla Light
PB Monthly
Point Loma OB Monthly
Pomerado News
Ramona Sentinel
Rancho Santa Fe Review
Pacific San Diego
Together San Diego
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Comics and Games
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Advertise with Us
Close Menu

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news in your inbox!

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBSAN DIEGO PADRES
Padres ‘masterful,’ rout Rays in wild one at Tropicana Field
The Padres’ Manny Machado is met at home plate by Jurickson Profar after hitting a three-run homer off Tampa Bay Rays starting pitcher Taj Bradley in the second inning Friday night. (AP Photo/Chris O’Meara)
By KEVIN ACEE | kevin.acee@sduniontribune.com | The San Diego Union-Tribune
UPDATED: August 31, 2024 at 9:07 PM PDT

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. — The Padres hit three two-strike singles to the opposite field, ran the bases smartly and aggressively, got a sacrifice fly and hit another single to cobble together three runs in the top of the first inning Friday night.

It was offensive execution as if lifted from a textbook written by Mike Shildt.

“It was masterful,” Shildt said. “… It’s how the game is supposed to be played.”

Yes, then things got a bit silly for a time and kept occasionally getting wilder inside the strange little circle of an indoor ballpark with carpeted warning track and live stingrays in a tank beyond right-center field.

But the Padres continued their relentless at-bats and went on to beat the Rays 13-5 at Tropicana Field.

“It was great for us coming here after two losses,” Jurickson Profar said. “We brought our energy today.”

The victory, coupled with the Dodgers’ 10-9 victory over the Diamondbacks, moved the Padres into a tie with the Diamondbacks for the National Leagues top wild-card spot.

The Rays made Friday’s game interesting for about five minutes early and would not make it easy late. Padres starting pitcher Martín Pérez could hardly throw a strike and then threw too many and then somehow made it deep enough into the game to get the win. In all, the Padres walked six times, were hit by a pitch and had 13 hits. The Rays walked six times and had 10 hits.

The Padres scored in each of the first four innings and then added three runs in the ninth. It was very much an example of their offense at its best.

“Working good counts, working good at-bats, being aggressive on the bases,” Manny Machado said. “Today we played like we’ve been playing all year.”

Profar led off the game with a single lined over shortstop, stole second base and moved to third on a single through the left side by Jake Cronenworth. Machado’s single over second base scored Profar and moved Cronenworth to third. On Xander Bogaerts’ sacrifice fly, Cronenworth not only ran home but Machado sped to second just in front of a throw from center fielder Johnny DeLuca, which allowed him to score when Jackson Merrill lined Rays starter Taj Bradley’s first pitch to center field.

Immediately, Pérez (4-5, 4.71) began an endeavor of tortuous inaccuracy.

The left-hander, who walked the final three batters he faced in his previous start, walked two of the first three batters he faced Friday. He also got an out when the second of those batters reached on what appeared would be a double-play grounder.

Bogaerts, the Padres’ second baseman, bobbled Junior Caminero’s grounder and then, in his haste, flipped the ball ostensibly to second base but really toward first. But Cronenworth ran up to scoop the ball and fired a perfect throw to third base, where Donovan Solano applied a quick tag to get Yandy Diaz, who had tried to get an extra base.

“Huge play,” said Machado, who was serving as designated hitter on Friday.

Pérez got out of the first with a strikeout and a fly ball.

A leadoff single by Luis Campusano, one-out walk by Profar and two-out single by Cronenworth added a run in the second before a home run by Machado added three more to make it 7-0.

It was not a laugher for long.

The Rays did not wait around for Pérez to miss the strike zone in the second inning, as they got on the board with three singles on his first five pitches of the inning. And after a strikeout, Yandy Diaz launched a 400-foot home run to left field that got the Rays to 7-4.

It was not that close for long.

Bradley (6-9, 4.35) was done after 71 pitches when he surrendered a one-out single to David Peralta and walked Campusano in the third. Erasmo Ramírez struck out the first batter he faced but also allowed the runners to advance on a wild pitch. The Rays then intentionally walked Profar, and Solano worked a 3-2 walk to make it 8-4.

The Rays had runners on with less than two outs in each of the next two innings and the Padres had relievers warming in both, the only runs scored in that span were by the Padres — on a walk by Bogaerts and two-out homer by David Peralta that made it 10-4 in the fourth.

Pérez was finished after five innings and 101 pitches.

“He just didn’t have anything that he really could get into rhythm with,” Shildt said. “… But to his credit, he started making some more quality pitches, and the moxie of being a veteran paid off.”

Sean Reynolds struck out five of the first six batters he faced to get through that inning and two outs deep in the seventh with no one on.

That is when things got interesting again.

After two singles put runners on the corners, Jeremiah Estrada replaced Reynolds and promptly walked a batter to load the bases before getting a pop-up to end the inning.

The Rays scored off Estrada in the eighth before Tanner Scott got the inning’s final out. And after Bogaerts homered and Solano drove in two runs with a bases-loaded single in the top of the ninth, Adrián Morejón finished the game on 12 pitches, just the second clean inning of the night by any pitcher.

“It was a really good game,” said Profar, who was on base five times. “That’s how we play.”

Originally Published: August 30, 2024 at 7:17 PM PDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
SDG&E tells 55,000 customers they might lose power as fresh Santa Ana winds move in
Former Padres ace Jake Peavy happy to be ‘home’ in San Diego
‘Endless Summer’ star, local surf icon dies in Encinitas
3 thoughts: New Mexico 62, SDSU 48 … elevation, offense, and a rough day in San Diego
CalPERS takes unnecessary risks that could cost taxpayers
Renovated ‘dive bar’ Hearth House reopens in La Mesa
Del Mar’s Marty Cooper who invented the cell phone receives National Medal of Tech and Innovation
Former Mariners manager Scott Servais joining Padres in player development
Solana Beach Mayor Lesa Heebner elected SANDAG chair
Man found dead of gunshot wound in Oceanside
The current fire weather watch has been replaced
8 concerts and comedy acts coming to Southern California casinos this month
MORE IN SAN DIEGO PADRES
Padres roster review: Jeremiah Estrada
Former Padres ace Jake Peavy happy to be ‘home’ in San Diego
Former Mariners manager Scott Servais joining Padres in player development
Analysis: Bitter family fights have torpedoed sports ownership groups before; could the Padres be next?
2024
August
30
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
E-Edition
Breaking News
MARKETPLACE
Classifieds
Obituaries
Legals
Local Job Board
ABOUT THE SAN DIEGO UNION-TRIBUNE
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work with us
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
News Archive
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
PARTNERS
Sponsor a Student
CONTACT US
Corrections
Contact Newsroom
Photo reprints
SDUT Store
Reader rewards
Sponsored Access
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sandiegouniontribune.com/2024/08/30/padres-rays/ 
 ----- 
