Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Machado ties A-Gon on Padres' HR list in romp at the Trop
Share
Machado ties A-Gon on Padres' HR list in romp at the Trop
San Diego's 13-run outburst snaps seven-game skid at Tampa Bay from 2010-16
August 31st, 2024

Brian Murphy

@Spokes_Murphy
Share

0:04

0:29

ST. PETERSBURG -- The Padres’ offense really enjoyed its first visit to Tropicana Field in eight years.

San Diego piled up 10 runs through the first four innings en route to a 13-5 victory over the Rays on Friday night. It was the club’s best offensive output since putting up 13 runs against the D-backs on June 8.

“The [hunger] of the at-bats was really impressive,” manager Mike Shildt said. “Just the approach and the whole offensive machine, one through nine.”

Besides playing in the venue for the first time since 2016, the Padres also snapped a seven-game losing streak at Tropicana Field dating back to June 24, 2010.

Back then, Manny Machado was still a couple of weeks away from beginning his pro career as the No. 3 overall pick in the MLB Draft, and Adrián González was San Diego’s designated hitter in a 5-3 loss to the Rays.

Fourteen years later, Machado and González were linked once again. Machado, playing DH, drilled his 161st dinger with San Diego, moving him into a tie with González for second in franchise history.

“To be on that list in such a short period of time, it's awesome,” Machado said. “Just to be on that same level, it's an honor.”

'Dreams come true': Machado, Caminero swap jerseys

Machado, in his sixth season with the Padres, will soon pass Nate Colbert (163) as the club’s all-time leader in home runs. He may do it this weekend with the way he has been stinging the baseball. Machado’s three-run clout in the second inning was his third homer in his past five games and his 10th in his previous 30. Over that span, Machado has recorded a .325/.366/.650 slash line with 19 extra-base hits and 30 RBIs.

He paced San Diego’s attack with three hits, all of which came on different pitch types. His RBI single off of Rays starter Taj Bradley in the first inning came on a splitter. His homer was a four-seamer that Statcast projected to travel 416 feet into the right-center-field seats. His sixth-inning single against reliever Richard Lovelady came off a slider.

Related
Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 10th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

January 11th, 2025

Who made the O's All-Quarter-Century team?

January 11th, 2025

Ohtani's epic 50-50 game leads list of Capital One Plays of the Year

December 31st, 2024

15 standout Statcast plays from a memorable 2024 season

December 29th, 2024

It’s the sign of a great hitter who is locked in.

“My swing is where it needs to be,” Machado said. “My body is feeling great, too. Just trying to be as consistent as I can possibly be.”

“He’s got such a balanced swing,” Shildt said of the six-time All-Star. “He's got a good feel for what he's doing, and that swing allows him to be balanced and on time and then it allows him to be able to handle everything.”

Machado's resurgence among baseball's top storylines

The Padres handled just about everything Bradley threw at them early on, plating seven runs through the first two innings. It was their most since scoring nine times in two innings against the Giants on March 31.

Jackson Merrill capped a three-run first with a 107.7 mph single to center that drove in Machado. Jake Cronenworth preceded Machado’s three-run dinger in the second with an RBI single of his own.

By the way, 14 years ago, Cronenworth had just finished his sophomore season at St. Clair High in Michigan and “was just trying to figure out if I wanted to play baseball or hockey,” he said.

Donovan Solano added a bases-loaded walk in the third, and David Peralta put San Diego into double digits with a no-doubt, two-run home run in the fourth. By the end of that inning, shortstop Mason McCoy was the only member of the starting lineup without at least one hit, run or RBI.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“Everybody's contributing, and that's exactly what you want,” Cronenworth said. “That’s how we win.”

The Padres also seem to triumph whenever Martín Pérez is on the mound. The left-hander didn’t have his best stuff -- he allowed four runs in the second inning and needed 101 pitches to get through five -- but San Diego has won each of Pérez’s six starts since acquiring him from the Pirates at the July 30 Trade Deadline.

“I give him a ton of credit,” Shildt said of his starter. “He figured it out, and I saw him start developing a little more rhythm by the fourth. … He started making some more quality pitches, and the moxie of being a veteran paid off.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
San Diego Padres
Manny Machado

Brian Murphy is a reporter for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
7 free agents who are better than you think

2:51 AM UTC

Another team has emerged in race to land Sasaki

January 12th, 2025

Here's each club's top international prospect

12:00 AM UTC

Is the 6-man rotation a trend or a phase?

4:04 AM UTC

'I love Boston': Casas taking trade rumors in stride

January 12th, 2025

What Twins' latest moves mean for 2025 roster

January 12th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/manny-machado-homers-in-padres-win-tampa-bay 
 ----- 
