

The Korea Times
Login
Subscribe
Photos
Video
World
Sports
Opinion
Entertainment & Art
Lifestyle
Finance
Business
National
North Korea


Sports
Fri, January 3, 2025 | 00:31
With in-form stars on hand, Korea to take on Iraq in final Asian Cup tuneup in Abu Dhabi
Posted : 2024-01-05 09:46
Updated : 2024-01-05 09:46

Players on the Korean men's national football team train for the Asian Football Confederation Asian Cup at New York University Abu Dhabi Stadium in Abu Dhabi, Jan. 3. Courtesy of Korea Football Association

With their top stars enjoying productive campaigns in Europe, Korea will face Iraq on Saturday in the United Arab Emirates in their final tuneup match before the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Asian Cup kicking off in Qatar later in January.

Coached by Jurgen Klinsmann, Korea set up training camp in Abu Dhabi on Wednesday in preparation for the top AFC tournament. Then on Saturday, the Taegeuk Warriors will play Iraq at New York University Abu Dhabi Stadium — beginning at 5 p.m. in Abu Dhabi, or 10 p.m. in Seoul.

Korea will chase their first Asian Cup title in 64 years. They won the first two editions of the competition in 1956 and 1960 and have been shut out since.

The Asian Cup starts next Friday in Qatar. Korea's first match in Group E is Jan. 15 against Bahrain, with Jordan (Jan. 20) and Malaysia (Jan. 25) to follow.

Klinsmann has the luxury of what many pundits regard as the most talented Korean squad ever.

The 26-man team features in-form stars in top European competitions, such as Son Heung-min of Tottenham Hotspur, Hwang Hee-chan of Wolverhampton Wanderers, Lee Kang-in of Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) and Kim Min-jae of Bayern Munich.

Son is tied for third in Premier League scoring with 12 goals, just two behind co-leaders, Erling Haaland of Manchester City and Mohamed Salah of Liverpool. Hwang is alone in sixth place with a career-high 10 goals.

Lee, in his first season with the French champions, has been rounding into form and netted his third goal of the season Wednesday in PSG's 2-0 win over Toulouse in the French Super Cup final. Kim, who signed for the German champs after leading Napoli to the Italian league title in May 2023, has been his typically reliable self on defense.

Korea will hope that a test match against Iraq will set them up nicely for battles against pesky Middle Eastern teams at the big tournament.

Over the past seven Asian Cups, Korea was eliminated with a loss to a Middle Eastern foe five times. Most recently in 2019, Korea lost to eventual champions Qatar in the quarterfinals.

In 22 all-time meetings against Iraq, Korea have had eight wins, 12 draws and two losses, including a 3-0 victory in a World Cup qualifying match in November 2021.

Iraq will be playing out of Group D. If Korea win Group E and Iraq finish in second place in Group D, then they will square off in the round of 16 on Jan. 31.

Korea check in at No. 23 in the current FIFA rankings, the third-highest among AFC teams behind Japan (No. 17) and Iran (No. 21). Iraq are 63rd, the seventh-highest in Asia. (Yonhap)

Taboola 후원링크
Recommended Contents For You
Jeju Air crash ignites debate over celebrities' right to grieve privately
Muan airport had only one 'bat man' on duty during Jeju Air bird strike
Jeju Air crash raises critical questions
Jeju Air plane flew relentlessly before tragedy with minimal maintenance
Firefighters describe Jeju Air crash 'truly unbearable'
'Critical 11 minutes': Jeju Air crash likely to be Korea's worst aviation disaster
AD
...
AD
告別頭髮稀疏。向秀髮說嗨！只需塗抹就生了10倍頭髮！
AD
安達人壽安心護眼 定期眼睛險
		
 
Most Read in Sports
1
Market quiet for posted Korean star Kim Hye-seong with deadline approaching
2
Football leagues break ticket sales record in 2024
3
Shohei Ohtani to become father in 2025
4
Sports ministry to request dismissal of badminton chief for 2nd time
5
Wolves' Hwang scores, Spurs' Son misses penalty in Premier League showdown
Top 10 Stories
1
Jeju Air crash prompts concerns over aircraft maintenance amid heavy reliance on overseas repairs
2
Pet dog Pudding rescued by animal rights group after losing family in Jeju Air tragedy
3
Police raid Muan airport over deadly Jeju Air plane crash
4
Aspiring nurse, football star and father of 2 among the dead in New Orleans attack
5
Investigators likely to execute warrant to detain Yoon as early as Thursday
6
Impeached president resists arrest over martial law bid
7
10 new indie bands in Korea who will smash 2025
8
Fallen crypto mogul Do Kwon extradited to US, faces federal fraud charges
9
1st funeral held for plane crash victims
10
Economic policy in 2025 to focus on 'stable management' amid slow growth projection
DARKROOM

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

Tottenham 4-3 K-League All-Stars

World Water Day 2024

Busan World Team Table Tennis Championships Finals

Super Bowl 2024

Bayern Munich beat Tottenham Hotspur in Seoul

1
2
3
4
5
Interesting Contents
Treasury says Chinese hackers remotely access ed workstations, docume nts in 'major' cyber incid ent
Muan Airport crash survi vor asks, 'What happene d?'
Families of plane crash victims mourn, voice frustrations
Police send 2nd summon s to PM Han in martial law probe
在藥局買的「白色水凝霜」只塗1個月！照鏡子嚇了一跳！
YUKINOUE
|
Sponsored
了解更多
安達人壽安心抗癌 定期癌症險
安達人壽
|
Sponsored
了解更多
Taboola 후원링크
   
CEO & Publisher: Oh Young-jin
Digital News Email: webmaster@koreatimes.co.kr
Tel: 02-724-2114
Online newspaper registration No: 서울,아52844
Date of registration: 2020.02.05
Masthead: The Korea Times
Copyright © koreatimes.co.kr. All rights reserved.
About Us
Introduction
History
Contact Us
Products & Services
Subscribe
E-paper
RSS Service
Content Sales
Site Map
Policy
Code of Ethics
Ombudsman
Privacy Statement
Terms of Service
Copyright Policy
Family Site
Hankook Ilbo
Dongwha Group
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/sports/2024/12/600_366370.html 
 ----- 
