Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
With Nelson on IL, D-backs need more from Pfaadt, Montgomery
Share
With Nelson on IL, D-backs need more from Pfaadt, Montgomery
September 15th, 2024

Steve Gilbert

@SteveGilbertMLB
Share
;

11 SECONDS REMAINING

PHOENIX -- The D-backs suffered a pair of tough losses Saturday, one on the field and one off.

Before their game with the Brewers even started came word that right-hander Ryne Nelson, arguably the team's best starting pitcher the past few months, would need to go on the injured list with inflammation in his right shoulder.

Then, once the game got started, the Brewers pounded the D-backs, 15-8, making for a long night in front of a nearly packed house at Chase Field.

Complete coverage: D-backs' clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The good news for the D-backs is that Nelson's injury does not appear to be serious with manager Torey Lovullo expressing confidence that Nelson would not have to miss more than the required 15 days.

Because Nelson's placement on the IL is retroactive to Sept. 11, that could mean that he would be back in late September, which would give him a chance to make a start before the postseason begins.

That's important because should the D-backs make the postseason, they want Nelson to be one of their starters.

Overall this season, Nelson is 10-6 with a 4.33 ERA, but since July 1, he is 5-0 with a 3.16 ERA.

"We would not be where we are without Ryne Nelson and his ability to go out and help us win baseball games," Lovullo said. "You look at the statistics, it shows up as very positive. But what he's given us every start has been very consistent."

Until Nelson returns, the D-backs will need to replace him in the rotation. The most likely person to do that is Jordan Montgomery, who was removed from the rotation after Merrill Kelly returned from injury last month.

It's been a tough season for Montgomery, who remained unsigned throughout the offseason before the D-backs nabbed him around Opening Day on a one-year deal worth $25 million with a vesting option for 2025.

Montgomery had a 6.44 ERA in 19 starts before being moved to the bullpen.

Another pitcher who will need to help pick up the slack in Nelson's absence is Brandon Pfaadt, who struggled with his command in Saturday night's loss.

The Brewers scratched across a run against Pfaadt in the first, and after he retired the first two batters in the second, things spiraled out of control for him.

Pfaadt allowed the next seven batters to reach base with Willy Adames capping the inning with a grand slam that chased Pfaadt from the game and gave Milwaukee an 8-0 lead.

Related
Prospects headed to D-backs instructional camp

January 9th, 2025

D-backs acquire infielder Kessinger in trade with Astros

January 8th, 2025

Summer surge: Nelson has been 'dominating'

September 7th, 2024

Nelson's strong start cements decision to keep right-hander in rotation

August 24th, 2024

Lovullo urges focus with 3-game skid, 4 games left

September 25th, 2024

The pros and cons of 6 top SP trade candidates

December 14th, 2024

The Brewers piled on another four runs in the fourth, and they were in complete command after that even though the D-backs rallied for two runs in the sixth, two in the seventh and four in the eighth.

Pfaadt's past several starts have not been up to his usual standards, and it is important for the D-backs that he gets back on track, especially with Nelson out.

"Definitely not how we wanted it to go," Pfaadt said. "I think we know how important these games are, and to kind of let the team down with a game like that, I think is unacceptable, and we got to do better."

The D-backs will try to salvage the final game of the three-game set Sunday afternoon, and they will face the Brewers again from Thursday to Sunday for four games in Milwaukee.

"We've got to be better on the mound," Lovullo said. "That, for me, is really what it comes down to. Tonight was total lack of pitch execution -- missed pitches in the middle of the zone, lack of command with our secondary stuff. Just too many misses to a team that is just going to fight you the whole way and not give in."

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Did you like this story?
In this story:
Arizona Diamondbacks
Ryne Nelson
Brandon Pfaadt
Jordan Montgomery

Senior Reporter Steve Gilbert has covered the D-backs for MLB.com since 2001.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ryne-nelson-dealing-with-shoulder-inflammation-d-backs-lose-to-brewers 
 ----- 
