Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Portland Trail Blazers
PRESENTED BY
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
MEDIA
BlazerVision
Impact
Rip City
Shop
Blazers 106, Clippers 105: Winning With Defense, Rupert Keeps It Close And Billups Gets His First Against Lue
Casey Holdahl
October 31, 20241:19 AM PDT

LOS ANGELES -- The Portland Trail Blazers (2-3) got their first road win in their second try and ended a nine-game losing streak to the Clippers with a 106-105 victory Wednesday night at Intuit Dome.

Anfernee Simons led the Trail Blazers with 25 points on 10-of-24 shooting to go with six assists and two rebounds in 36 minutes. Deandre Ayton logged his fifth-straight double-double with 15 points and 12 rebounds while also tallying one steal, one block and one assist in 33 minutes.

Deni Avdija also had a double-double in his best game thus far as a Trail Blazer with 13 points and 10 rebounds to go with two assists, two blocks and a steal in 29 minutes. Scoot Henderson went 5-of-8 from the field and 2-of-3 from three for 14 points, six assists, three rebounds and a steal in 24 minutes.

Toumani Camara rounded out Portland's double-digit scorers with 12 points.

• Deandre Ayton's hook shot off an offensive rebound with 1:38 to play were the last points scored by either team Wednesday night. Ivica Zubac missed a pair of free throws with 1:20 to play and Amir Coffey's three with 47 seconds to play missed the mark as well.

Though the Trail Blazers would have to come up with a few plays of their own to keep the one-point advantage late in the game Wednesday night. Deni Avdija blocked a transition layup by Norman Powell with 29.1 seconds to play that robbed the Clippers of what would have been the go-ahead bucket.

"Deni came up with a huge block," said Trail Blazers head coach Chauncey Billups. "It was a huge block. We made multiple efforts all night, but it comes down to that.

And on LA's last offensive possession, Portland forced James Harden to try to loop a pass in to Zubac, only to have Ayton steal the inbound with one second to play, effectively ending the game.

"We getting this thing right, but it all starts on the defensive end, just communicating, Coach challenging us," said Ayton. "Now we're all familiar with each other. You know what it is to know your personnel, your teammates, knowing what he can do and what he's capable of, but also having his back, making sure you don't feel like he's on an island. It's literally all just on a string together, we're all connected now. Like, the togetherness I've been preaching, we showed a little glimpse of it."

For a team that has talked for some time about improving defensively only to end up near the bottom the league in most of the important metrics, Wednesday's game was a reminder of what can happen when you make clutch, late-game plays on defense.

"You come up with two big defensive possessions down the stretch," said Billups, "there's no better way to win a game with your defense, in my opinion."

• Even though they were slightly outscored by the Clippers' reserves, the Trail Blazers bench unit were integral in Wednesday night's victory. Scoot Henderson posted 14 points on 5-of-8 shooting from the field and 2-of-3 shooting from both the three-point and free throw lines and six assists. Kris Murray did a bit of everything, posting five points, eight rebounds, two assists, two steals and a block in just 19 minutes and Donovan Clingan added seven points, six rebounds, a steal and a block in 11 minutes.

"We had our guys come off the bench that just gave us some amazing minutes," said Billups. "I thought Scoot was big time. I thought Donovan's minutes were really good… I thought that lineup really helped us. Kris Murray's minutes were awesome."

But no Portland reserve made more of their time on the floor Wednesday night that Rayan Rupert. With the Trail Blazers trailing 90-82 with 10:28 to play, the second-year guard/forward out of France scored seven-straight points in less than 30 seconds to keep the visitors in the game.

"Rupes' minutes were amazing," said Billups. " I was just so, so happy for him to get in there. He works his behind off and we really celebrated Rupes in that locker room and made us all feel good."

The 6-6 20 year-old spent much of his rookie season playing in the G League with the Rip City Remix and is still trying to crack the rotation, though turning in a few more performances like Wednesday, in which he was playing against one of his mentors, fellow Frenchman and former Trail Blazers Nicolas Batum, would be a great way to earn a few more minutes.

"I just tried to stay ready all the time," said Rupert. "Every time the coach called me, I tried to give the most energy I can on the court to my teammates… They push me every time, even when I don't play or I play more, you know. I just tried to stay ready. I just love these guys."

• Chauncey Billups got his start coaching in the NBA with the Clippers as an assistant to head coach Ty Lue. But Wednesday's game was the first time that Billups got the upper hand on his close friend and former boss, as Lue and the Clippers had won the nine previous matchups.

"It definitely feels good," said Billups of getting his first win versus Lue. "He and I, man, we talk a lot of stuff back and forth. I mean, our playing days all the way from college, Colorado, Nebraska, every team that we played on, we definitely take score, you know? So, finally booked one against them and that was fun. We'll see what happens the next time."

Tags
Chauncey Billups
forward center
ForwardCenter
news
Recap
JERAMI GRANT
ANFERNEE SIMONS
DEANDRE AYTON
DENI AVDIJA
SCOOT HENDERSON
KRIS MURRAY
RAYAN RUPERT
TOUMANI CAMARA
DONOVAN CLINGAN
Related Articles
Blazers 106, Clippers 105: Winning With Defense, Rupert Keeps It Close And Billups Gets His First Against Lue
A Busy First Week, The Remix Make Picks And Glasses Are Back On The Brief Case, Episode 115
Portland Trail Blazers Re-Launch Commemorative Glassware Series Showcasing Young Blazers
Getting The First Win, A Style Of Play And Halfcourt Heaves On The Blazers Balcony, Episode 133
Ayton, Clingan Get Defensive In Win Versus Pelicans
TICKETS
Ticket Central
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium 365
Groups
Account Manager
FANS
Mobile App
Connect With Us
Audio
Code of Conduct
CONTACT
Staff
Careers
Contact Us
ARENA
Rose Quarter
Moda Center
FAQ
Directions
Accessibility
Parking
Dr. Jack's
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/blazers/news/blazers-105-clippers-105-winning-with-defense-rupert-keeps-it-close-and-billups-gets-his-first-against-lue?srsltid=AfmBOor2QAHBxSty8aQrCs-XUxajgeZjPLYgGlcQLtviCGI35zmEXL3N 
 ----- 
