Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
PORTLAND TRAIL BLAZERS
Trail Blazers’ poor shooting, turnovers lead to loss at Kings
Updated: Oct. 29, 2024, 1:53 a.m.|Published: Oct. 28, 2024, 9:40 p.m.

Portland Trail Blazers forward Jerami Grant, left, prepares to pass the ball over Sacramento Kings forward Keegan Murray, right, during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Sacramento, Calif., Monday, Oct. 28, 2024. (AP Photo/Randall Benton) APAP

By Aaron Fentress | The Oregonian/OregonLive

SACRAMENTO — For more than two quarters Monday night, the Portland Trail Blazers hung around with the Sacramento Kings at the Golden 1 Center.

Portland trailed just 60-58 with 7:26 remaining in the third quarter, after jumpers from Deandre Ayton and Jerami Grant.

0:00
/
2:07
Keep Watching
Falcons GM Fontenot Expresses 'Disappointment' in Kirk Cousins's Play but No RegretsFalcons GM Fontenot Expresses 'Disappointment' in Kirk Cousins's Play but No Regrets

Then Kings guard De‘Aaron Fox hit a three-pointer, and then the Blazers’ lack of three-point shooting, turnovers and an inability to prevent Sacramento from getting open looks began to catch up with them. By the end of the third, Portland trailed 89-71.

The Kings then cruised from there to win 111-98.

“It was unfortunate because I thought we played well,” Blazes coach Chauncey Billups said of the team’s lack of shooting. “We fought defensively. We did a lot of things that we said we wanted to try to do versus them. We didn’t let the lack of shot-making deflate us, which is tough to do when you have a night like this. But I was proud of us. We played hard.”

The Kings shot 61.9% from the field and 6 of 10 on three-pointers in the pivotal third quarter.

To that point, the Blazers had actually done their best shooting in the third (50%), but they had only remained relatively close in the first half because of the Kings’ early struggles.

Portland made just 1 of 13 three-pointers in the first half and trailed 51-43 at the break. It would have been much worse had the Kings not shot 38.5% from the field.

Portland Trail Blazers center Deandre Ayton (#2) shoots over Sacramento Kings guard Kevin Huerter (#9) during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Sacramento, Calif., Monday, Oct. 28, 2024. (AP Photo/Randall Benton) APAP

When the game was close in the third, Billups hoped his team would be the one to discover its shooting stroke.

“We hadn’t made a shot the entire time,” he said. “So, I’m saying to myself, ‘OK, keep it close and we’ll make some shots at some point.”

The Blazers did. To a certain extent. But not at the same rate as the Kings. Once Sacramento got rolling offensively, the Blazers — the NBA’s worst three-point shooting team — couldn’t keep pace.

Ayton led the Blazers with 20 points and 11 rebounds. Backup point guard Scoot Henderson came off the bench to score 18 points on a night where starting point guard Anfernee Simons tallied just 12 points on 4-of-12 shooting. He went 1 of 7 on threes and committed four turnovers with three assists.

The Kings’ three best players all had good nights. Center Domantas Sabonis scored 16 points with 13 rebounds and seven assists. Fox finished with 24 points and four assists while forward DeMar DeRozan scored 23 points.

WHAT IT MEANS

The Blazers (1-3) could blame fatigue after winning big over New Orleans on Sunday afternoon. Also, the Kings (1-2) were desperate for a win after losing close games to the Minnesota Timberwolves (2-1) and the Los Angeles Lakers (3-1).

Portland Trail Blazers guard Scoot Henderson, left, guards Sacramento Kings guard Keon Ellis during the first half of an NBA basketball game in Sacramento, Calif., Monday, Oct. 28, 2024. (AP Photo/Randall Benton) APAP

POOR SHOOTING AND TURNOVERS

The Blazers dug an 11-point hole in the first quarter while missing all eight of their three-point attempts. The first make came from Henderson early in the second quarter.

“We didn’t shoot the ball well as a group today,” Simons said. “They made shots and we didn’t.”

In addition, the Blazers committed nine turnovers in the first half, which led to 11 points for the Kings.

Despite their sloppy play, the Blazers trailed by just two points in the third quarter before the bottom fell out.

For the game, the Blazers shot 42.2% from the field and 4 of 22 (18.2% on threes) while committing 17 turnovers.

The Kings went 14 of 35 on three-pointers (40%).

Ayton said the King’ physicality along with the Blazers’ missed shots changed the game.

“Us being deflated with our missed on our end,” Ayton said. “I felt that we played hard as hell. I felt that we played our tail off, really, doing what the coaches wanted us to do out there.”

JERAMI GRANT STRUGGLES

The forward, who scored 62 points in two games against the Pelicans over the weekend, made just 3 of 12 shots against the Kings for seven points. However, he did have a season-high eight rebounds.

HENDERSON OFF THE BENCH

Henderson put together a solid game, shooting 5 of 12 from the field and producing five assists and four rebounds. He helped keep the Blazers in the game in the first half. However, he also committed five fouls and had four turnovers.

HONORING WALTON

The Kings dedicated the win to Bill Walton, the Blazers great who died this year. Walton worked as a part-time color commentator for the Kings from 2010-12. His son, Luke Walton, coached the Kings from 2019-21.

NEXT UP

The Blazers finish their two-game trip with a 7 p.m. game Wednesday at the LA Clippers (2-1).

LATEST BLAZERS NEWS
Trail Blazers’ Donovan Clingan gets first double-double since November
Trail Blazers’ Chauncey Billups annoyed by ‘cheap shot’ late in Dallas loss
Trail Blazers falter late, lose at Mavericks
Trail Blazers will become first professional team to feature OneCourt’s haptic display
Tipoff for Trail Blazers game in Dallas moved up due to weather conditions

-- Aaron Fentress | afentress@Oregonian.com | @AaronJFentress (X), @AaronJFentress (Instagram), @AaronFentress (Facebook)

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Our Journalists
About OregonLive.com
Contact The Newsroom
Technical Support
Search Our Archives
Advertise With Us
Subscribe to The Oregonian
Subscriber Services
Digital Subscription FAQ
Delivery Opportunities
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
The Oregonian
eNewspaper
Email Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
Read More Top News
Today's Top News
Politics
Crime
Business
Commuting
Weather
Education
Homes & Gardens
Letters to the Editor
Video
Environment
Tom Hallman
Special Sections
Here is Oregon
Sports
High School Sports
Ducks
Beavers
Trail Blazers
Timbers
Thorns
Recruiting News
Entertainment
Travel
TV & Movies
Eat, Drink, Cook
Comics
Archives
Your Regional News Pages
Portland
Washington County
Clackamas County
Clark County
Pacific Northwest
Follow Us
Email Newsletters
News on Alexa or Google Home
YouTube
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Mobile
iPhone, Android apps
Tablet apps
More on OregonLive.com
Place an Ad
Autos
Jobs
Sponsor Content
Post a Job
Your Privacy Choices
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.oregonlive.com/blazers/2024/10/trail-blazers-poor-shooting-turnovers-lead-to-loss-at-kings.html 
 ----- 
