Skip to main content
Blazer's Edge homepage
a Portland Trail Blazers community
Follow Blazer's Edge online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Blazer's Edge main menu
FANPOSTS
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

BLAZERS ROSTER
Is Jerami Grant’s Play With the Blazers Taken for Granted?

Please excuse the unintended pun in the headline, then see how Chauncey Billups and Anfernee Simons answered the question.

By Conor Bergin  Oct 28, 2024, 12:54pm PDT  41 Comments / 41 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options

After a rough season opener, Portland Trail Blazers forward Jerami Grant bounced back in a big way over the weekend. Over the two-game home series with the New Orleans Pelicans on Friday and Sunday, Grant registered 62 points, 11 rebounds, seven blocks and three steals.

He did it all on good efficiency, too, shooting 20/40 from the field and 10/24 from beyond the arc. The weekend performance helped Portland capture its first win of the season in a 125-103 blowout on Sunday.

I dove into it briefly in my write-up after Sunday’s win, but most of the narrative surrounding Grant deals with trade rumors. Common speculation critiques the 30-year-old veteran’s misalignment with Portland’s rebuilding timeline, the size of his contract and his unideal fit as the first or second scoring option of an NBA team. With all that chatter and Portland’s overall struggles, big performances like Grant’s games over the weekend can almost feel under-appreciated or taken for granted.

In Sunday’s postgame press conference, I asked Portland head coach Chauncey Billups if he felt people take Grant’s positive play for granted. Here’s Billups’ response (1:38 mark of the video):

Yeah, I do. I just love, anybody that’s been around the league for awhile, if you’ve seen and remembered Jerami when he came into the league, he was just a little string bean, man, that could guard, but couldn’t hit the side of a barn. He really couldn’t. He’s turned himself into a big-time shooter, among other things offensively, and defensively, he’s still a lock-down guy. So I do think he’s underappreciated, mainly because we just haven’t won. If you’re not a blazer fan. You don’t see him. We’re never on national TV, so he does go under the radar. But the people that know, they really know.

I asked Portland guard Anfernee Simons the same question during his postgame availability. Simons also said Portland’s losing record over the past few seasons and the city’s small market have a big impact on lessening the profile of players like Grant (3:51 mark of the video):

Yeah, for sure. Obviously, my whole time here in Portland, [it’s a] small market and players don’t get their credit sometimes that they deserve. But I think the league knows how impactful Jerami is as a player. Defensively, he’s been playing lights out. Obviously, he’s been shooting the ball well too. So, once you start going out there and winning games against good teams, then you can start to put people on notice.

After seeing their responses, I extend the question to you, readers of Blazer’s Edge. Do you feel like Grant’s consistent contributions are taken for granted and he’s under-appreciated as a player?

MORE FROM BLAZER'S EDGE
Billups “Confused” By Officiating in Loss
Feisty Blazers Get Cooked By Mavs in the Final Minutes
Blazers Collapse Against Undermanned Mavs, 117-111
Gameday Thread: Blazers vs. Mavericks (Second Half)
Deandre Ayton or Donovan Clingan for the Blazers?
Gameday Thread: Blazers vs. Mavericks
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.blazersedge.com/2024/10/28/24281984/portland-trail-blazers-jerami-grant-new-orleans-pelicans-chauncey-billups-anfernee-simons 
 ----- 
