Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
SOCCER
U.S. defeats Mexico for its third consecutive Nations League title
U.S. midfielder Tyler Adams celebrates with Christian Pulisic and other teammates after scoring during the first half of a 2-0 victory over Mexico in the CONCACAF Nations League final Sunday. (Julio Cortez / Associated Press)
Associated Press
March 24, 2024 8:29 PM PT
Share

Tyler Adams scored from about 35 yards in his first start in more than a year for club or country, Gio Reyna added a second-half goal and the United States beat Mexico 2-0 on Sunday night for its third straight CONCACAF Nations League title.

Adams put the U.S. ahead in the 45th minute when he received a pass from Weston McKennie, took a touch and curled a shot that just eluded the right hand of diving goalkeeper Guillermo Ochoa.

Reyna added a 63rd-minute goal following a pair of extra-time assists in Thursday’s semifinal win over Jamaica.

ADVERTISEMENT

The United States stretched its unbeaten streak against Mexico to seven games since a September 2019 defeat, including five wins.

OLYMPICS

Olympic soccer draw: U.S. women to face Germany, Australia
March 20, 2024

The match was suspended twice by Canadian referee Drew Fischer because of homophobic chants among the mostly pro-Mexican crowd of 59,471 at AT&T Stadium. He stopped play in the 88th minute, resumed after a 4½-minute wait, then halted it again six minutes into stoppage time. Play restarted 1½ minutes later.

Last year’s Nations League semifinal in Las Vegas was ended about four minutes early because of chants from Mexican fans, who for years have directed a slur at opposing teams’ goalkeepers.

ADVERTISEMENT

Troubled by a right hamstring injury that twice required surgery, Adams had not played for the U.S. since the 2022 World Cup before entering in the 63rd minute Thursday, then leaving in the 100th because of a minutes restriction.

He was limited to a single 21-minute club appearance between March 11, 2023, and this past March 13, when he returned from the injury with a 20-minute stretch for Bournemouth against Luton in England’s Premier League.

Adams’ joined Josh Wolff as the only Americans in the last 40 years to score their first two goals against El Tri. Adams also scored in a friendly against Mexico in September 2018.

ADVERTISEMENT

Still on a minutes limit, Adams was replaced by Johnny Cardoso at the start of the second half.

Reyna, limited to one league start this season for Borussia Dortmund and Nottingham Forest, scored his eighth international goal. Christian Pulisic’s cross was blocked by defender Johan Vásquez. The ball deflected off American forward Haji Wright back to Vásquez, who headed a clearance attempt. Reyna let the ball bounce and beat Ochoa to the near post from 16 yards.

SOCCER

MLS continues to embarrass itself with its handling of the referee lockout
March 20, 2024

Fischer initially awarded a penalty kick for a challenge by Antonee Robinson on Santiago Giménez, but following a video review by Nicaragua’s Tatiana Guzmán, Fischer called off the foul and gave the forward a yellow card for simulation.

Ochoa, Mexico’s 38-year-old captain, made his 150th international appearance. Seams were visible in the temporary grass strips installed on the field of the NFL’s Dallas Cowboys.

U.S. coach Gregg Berhalter made five changes from Thursday’s starting lineup in the 3-1 extra-time win against Jamaica, adding right back Sergiño Dest, central defender Tim Ream, midfielders Tyler Adams and Gio Reyna, and forward Haji Wright. They replaced Joe Scally, Miles Robinson, Yunus Musah, Malik Tillman and Folarin Balogun.

No players from Major League Soccer started.

Mexico coach Jaime Lozano inserted right back Jorge Sánchez and forward Hirving Lozano for Julián Araujo and Julián Quiñones.

Jamaica beat Panama 1-0 in the third-place game on Dexter Lembikisa’s 41st-minute goal.

More to Read
Christian Pulisic leads USMNT past Jamaica and into Nations League semifinals
Nov. 19, 2024
Mauricio Pochettino calls up his first U.S. Soccer roster for competitive matches
Nov. 10, 2024
Mauricio Pochettino era for U.S. men’s soccer begins with win over Panama
Oct. 12, 2024
SOCCER
More From the Los Angeles Times

SOCCER

How one nonprofit is helping young soccer players change their lives
Dec. 24, 2024

HOLLYWOOD INC.

Netflix will stream 2027 and 2031 FIFA Women’s World Cup
Dec. 20, 2024

SOCCER

What’s wrong with Manchester City? The unfortunate truth is it might be the coach
Dec. 17, 2024

GALAXY

Galaxy have little time to celebrate championship before making 2025 roster changes
Dec. 10, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
New tests find ‘hidden’ pesticides in more California weed brands. Regulators ignored warnings
Top Trump advisor warns California cities not to block immigration enforcement
Plaschke: Fans are heard, title hopes are solidified, Teoscar Hernández is back with Dodgers
USC makes season-ending statement in thrilling Las Vegas Bowl comeback over Texas A&M
As Blake Lively sues ‘It Ends With Us’ co-star Justin Baldoni, collaborators take her side
Latest Soccer
U.S. women’s soccer team set to face Brazil at SoFi Stadium
Dec. 9, 2024
Angel City fires coach Becki Tweed amid reboot of franchise
Dec. 9, 2024
Showcasing a homegrown star will be part of AV Alta’s ambitious launch plans
Dec. 9, 2024
Hernández: MLS Cup final lacks star power but sheds light on shift in league
Dec. 7, 2024
The Galaxy are back after beating the Red Bulls for the franchise’s sixth MLS Cup
Dec. 7, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2024, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/soccer/story/2024-03-24/nations-cup-united-states-mexico-recap 
 ----- 
