Toggle navigation
Subscriptions
Log In
TOPICS:
Flood Alert
Connecting Communities
StarExtra
True or Not
SOBA 2024
Sabah & Sarawak
Do You Know
Heatwave
Patrick and Jesper have the edge after playing in Super League
FOOTBALL

Tuesday, 03 Sep 2024

PETALING JAYA: The Philippines will bank on Patrick Reichelt (pic) and Jesper Nyholm to get some extra insights on the Malaysian team when both clash in the Merdeka Tournament at the National Stadium in Bukit Jalil tomorrow.

Both Patrick and Jesper have been playing in the Super League, representing Kuala Lumpur and Perak respectively, and know the style of the local players.

The 36-year-old winger Patrick and centreback Jesper have been selected by Azkals coach Norman Fegidero to beef up his team.

Patrick believes he has the advantage.

“Seeing these Malaysian players every week does help prepare and know our opponents better. We will try to help the coaching staff with as much information as we can,” said Patrick.

“Malaysia are always a force to be reckoned with here in South-East Asia and they have a strong core group of players playing together for quite some time now.

“We are aware of their transition phase under a new coach (Pau Marti Vicente) but they will still be dangerous.

STARPICKS
Secure your financial future and enjoy tax relief in 2024

“Like Malaysia, we are also going through a huge transition with changes in the coaching set up.

“It just happened a few days ago and lots of new young and exciting players have come in.

“We have had one training and a few top players had dropped out but you can never write off the Philippines.

“We will give our best given the circumstances and hopefully surprise our opponents.”

Patrick is the most experienced player in the squad as has won 85 caps with the national team.

He is known for his industry on the flanks and in recent years, he has been deployed as a striker in the national team.

“Playing for the Philippines is and always will be my greatest achievement in my career. I’m blessed to be part of this family for the past 12 years. I am now here to guide and help the new generation of players.”

This time around, he would be tasked to groom some of the young attackers like Dylan Demuynck (Zulte Waregam, Belgium), Bjorn Martin Kristensen (Aalesunds, Norway), and Alex Monis (New England Revolution, the United States).

“This tournament will also be part of our preparation for the upcoming Mitsubishi Cup in December. I wish for the Philippines to be one of the main contenders in this region.”

Follow us on our official WhatsApp channel for breaking news alerts and key updates!

TAGS / KEYWORDS:
Merdeka Tournament , The Philippines , Patrick Reichelt

   
How useful is this article to you?

Found a mistake in this article?

Report it to us.

Related News
FOOTBALL 05 Sep 2024
Merdeka Tournament debutants Lebanon serve sweet surprise
FOOTBALL 04 Sep 2024
No better incentive for Malaysia to win Merdeka Tournament afterRM15mil...
FOOTBALL 02 Sep 2024
Endrick has enough firepower in tank for Merdeka Tournament
Promoted Stories
Recommended by
Trending in Sport

1

FOOTBALL1d ago
New Harimau Malaya CEO to be named soon

2

BADMINTON1d ago
James: Kay Bin’s toughest task is to make Zii Jia mentally stronger

3

BADMINTON1d ago
Good progress in two years but more time needed for impact on world stage, says Fareez

4

FOOTBALL1d ago
Soccer-Leading the league feels different this time, says Liverpool's Salah

5

TENNIS1d ago
Tennis players more motivated to perform, thanks to new scheme

6

BADMINTON1d ago
Kelantan to host National Junior GP circuit Finals next year

7

FOOTBALL1d ago
Keeper Khairul believes Sabah still in good hands after Kim Swee’s departure

8

FOOTBALL1d ago
Soccer-Man Utd slump deepens, but still no Amorim U-turn on Rashford

9

CRICKET26 Dec 2024
Cricket-Pakistan fight back as 13 wickets fall on opening day against So. Africa

10

TENNIS1d ago
Tennis-Gauff says she skipped Auckland for better level of competition at United Cup
Others Also Read
ENTERTAINMENT1d ago
'Baby Driver' actor Hudson Meek dies at 16 after falling from moving vehicle
INTERNET1d ago
The speed of human thought lags far behind your Internet connection, study finds
STARPICKS
Reinventing affordable luxury living
NATION1d ago
No to electricity tariff hike that would badly impact majority of Malaysians...
BUSINESS1d ago
SC reprimands Bybit for operating illegal digital asset exchange
NATION1d ago
Anwar has 'fruitful, engaging' discussion with Thaksin
ECONOMY1d ago
Penang, Johor, Selangor, Sarawak and KL dominates Malaysia's exports in...
INDONESIA1d ago
PDI-P, Jokowi rift enters new level
NATION1d ago
Thunderstorm warnings issued for several states
NATION1d ago
Public caning for khalwat offender draws crowd in Kuala Terengganu
NATION1d ago
Muslims permitted to photograph festive decorations with conditions
CORPORATE NEWS1d ago
Govt to decide on proposed 14% electricity tariff hike by mid-2025
Load More
StarPicks
 
Reinventing affordable luxury living

Mah Sing's award-winning M Vertica delivers eco-friendly, modern homes with exceptional facilities and connectivity.

Read More
Subscriptions
The Star Digital Access
Newsstand
Advertising
Our Rate Card
Classifieds
Company Info
About Us
Job Opportunities
Investor Relations
Help
Contact Us
FAQs
Policies
Privacy Statement
Terms & Conditions
    

Copyright © 1995- 2024 Star Media Group Berhad [197101000523 (10894-D)]

Best viewed on Chrome browsers.

Home
For You
Bookmark
Audio
Search
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thestar.com.my/sport/football/2024/09/03/patrick-and-jesper-have-the-edge-after-playing-in-super-league 
 ----- 
