Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Gabon vs Central African Republic Prediction and Betting Tips | 10th September 2024
Gabon vs Central African Republic Prediction and Betting Tips | 10th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 09, 2024 08:24 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Gabon v Burkina Faso - Africa Cup Of Nations Cameroon 2021

Gabon will welcome the Central African Republic to Stade de Franceville in the Africa Cup of Nations qualification campaign on Tuesday. The hosts are in search of their first win while the visitors will hope to build on their early momentum.

Gabon vs Central African Republic Preview

Gabon were defeated in their first match of the qualifiers, losing 4-1 to Morocco in Agadir, which leaves the central Africans bottom of Group B. They will be looking to claim their first win at home in the upcoming clash against Central African Republic (CAR). The teams last met in 2009, with the visitors emerging victorious 2-1.

Les Panthères did not participate in the 2023 Africa of Nations held in Cote D’Ivoire after failing to qualify. The authorities have called on the team to “make the Gabonese people happy this time” by clinching a ticket to the upcoming edition slated for Morocco in 2025. Gabon won their last home game, beating Gambia 3-0.

Trending

Central African Republic defeated Lesotho 3-1 in their first game to claim the second spot in Group B on three points behind top-placed Morocco. Their objective in Gabon is to consolidate their position in the group. Only the top two finishers will qualify for the final tournament, with five matchdays still to play.

Les Fauves will likely be unfazed by the home crowd in Franceville, as they have been playing most of their home matches away from home. The game against Lesotho took place in the Moroccan city of El Jadida due to concerns about CAR’s stadiums. The visitors are in search of a historic qualification for the Africa Cup of Nations.

Gabon vs Central African Republic Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Gabon have won once, drawn twice and lost twice in their last five matches against CAR in all competitions.
Gabon have won four times in their last four home matches against CAR in all competitions.
Gabon have won thrice, drawn once and lost once in their last five matches at home.
CAR have won once, drawn once and lost thrice in their last five away matches.
Gabon have won once, drawn once and lost thrice in their last five matches while CAR have won four times and lost once. Form Guide: Gabon – L-W-L-D-L, CAR – W-L-W-W-W.
Gabon vs Central African Republic Prediction

Gabon star Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has faced criticism due to “underperformance”, but he scored in their previous game and is expected to prove doubters wrong again.

CAR will take confidence from their past strong performances against Gabon but the visitors have struggled on the road of late.

Gabon are the favorites based on individuality and home advantage.

Prediction: Gabon 3-1 Central African Republic

Gabon vs Central African Republic Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – Gabon to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: Gabon to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Central African Republic to score - Yes

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/gabon-vs-central-african-republic-prediction-betting-tips-10th-september-2024 
 ----- 
