Sections
LOG IN
Show Search
ADVERTISEMENT
SOCCER
Mexico loses to Venezuela in Copa América group stage game
Venezuela’s Salomón Rondón, center, celebrates his goal Wednesday at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood. (Ryan Sun / Associated Press)
By Kevin Baxter
Staff Writer
Follow
June 26, 2024 8:14 PM PT
Share

Salomón Rondón scored on a penalty kick in the 57th minute and goalkeeper Rafael Romo made the goal stand up with a diving stop on Orbelín Pineda’s penalty try 28 minutes later, giving Venezuela a 1-0 upset over Mexico in a Copa América group-stage game played before a sellout crowd of 72,000 at SoFi Stadium.

With the victory, Venezuela advances to the tournament quarterfinals while Mexico, a loser in four of its last six matches, needs a win over Ecuador on Sunday to avoid elimination.

Venezuela got the only goal in would need when Rondón rolled a right-footed penalty kick just inside the left post for his 42nd international goal. The goal was set up when halftime substitute Cristian Cásseres worked a give-and-go with defender Jon Aramburu that ended with Mexico’s Julián Quiñones tripping Aramburu in the box.

ADVERTISEMENT

Brazilian referee Rafael Claus immediately pointed to the spot, and after a long pause Rondón, the Venezuelan captain, converted his try by sending Mexican keeper Julio González diving toward the wrong post.

SOCCER

Copa América: Costa Rica and Brazil play to scoreless draw at SoFi Stadium
June 24, 2024

Rondón beat González from the run of the play in the first half, but his left-footed shot from distance hit the far post and bounced harmlessly away.

Mexico had a chance to tie the score in the final minutes of regulation when Venezuelan defender Miguel Navarro was called for a handball. Claus confirmed the penalty through a video replay, but Pineda was unable to convert, with Romo diving to his right to push the low shot away.

ADVERTISEMENT

Mexico outshot Venezuela 18-10, putting five of those tries on frame, but Romo was equal to the task, making five saves.

Mexico, playing at SoFi Stadium for the first time since winning the CONCACAF Gold Cup final there 11 months ago, was on the front foot for the most of the opening half, outshooting Venezuela 8-3. But it was unable to capitalize on that dominance when Santiago Giménez whiffed on a left-footed shot from the center of the box in the 19th minute.

SOCCER

SoFi Stadium passes the grass and atmosphere test among players as World Cup looms
June 25, 2024

Mexico was missing its top two goalkeepers in Guillermo Ochoa and Luis Malagón, captain Edson Álvarez and forwards Raúl Jiménez and Hirving Lozano to injury.

More to Read
Sophia Smith scores to lead USWNT to win over Mexico in Olympic tuneup
July 13, 2024
U.S. eliminated from Copa América, jeopardizing Gregg Berhalter’s future as coach
July 1, 2024
Commentary: Copa América loss to Venezuela is a new low for Mexico’s national team
June 27, 2024
SOCCER
Kevin Baxter
X
Email
Bluesky

Kevin Baxter writes about soccer and hockey for the Los Angeles Times. He has covered seven World Cups, five Olympic Games, six World Series and a Super Bowl and has contributed to three Pulitzer Prize-winning series at The Times and Miami Herald. An essay he wrote in fifth grade was voted best in the class. He has a cool dog.

More From the Los Angeles Times

SOCCER

How one nonprofit is helping young soccer players change their lives
Dec. 24, 2024

HOLLYWOOD INC.

Netflix will stream 2027 and 2031 FIFA Women’s World Cup
Dec. 20, 2024

SOCCER

What’s wrong with Manchester City? The unfortunate truth is it might be the coach
Dec. 17, 2024

GALAXY

Galaxy have little time to celebrate championship before making 2025 roster changes
Dec. 10, 2024
Subscribers are Reading
FOR SUBSCRIBERS
New tests find ‘hidden’ pesticides in more California weed brands. Regulators ignored warnings
Varsity Gray: A Times investigation into what really happened in the college admissions scandal
Plaschke: Fans are heard, title hopes are solidified, Teoscar Hernández is back with Dodgers
USC makes season-ending statement in thrilling Las Vegas Bowl comeback over Texas A&M
How to have the best Sunday in L.A., according to Justine Lupe
Latest Soccer
U.S. women’s soccer team set to face Brazil at SoFi Stadium
Dec. 9, 2024
Angel City fires coach Becki Tweed amid reboot of franchise
Dec. 9, 2024
Showcasing a homegrown star will be part of AV Alta’s ambitious launch plans
Dec. 9, 2024
Hernández: MLS Cup final lacks star power but sheds light on shift in league
Dec. 7, 2024
The Galaxy are back after beating the Red Bulls for the franchise’s sixth MLS Cup
Dec. 7, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2024, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/soccer/story/2024-06-26/mexico-venezuela-copa-america 
 ----- 
