Skip to content
Subscribe Now
52°F
Saturday, December 28th 2024

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Crime and Public Safety
Election
Investigative Reporting
Politics
Health
Environment
Business
Best Reviews
Housing
Jobs
Local News
Local News
San Fernando Valley
Los Angeles
Los Angeles County
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Lakers
Clippers
LA Sparks
Dodgers
Angels
College Sports
UCLA Sports
USC Sports
Rams
Chargers
Kings
Ducks
Olympics
Boxing/MMA
Soccer
Horse Racing
Things To Do
Things To Do
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Amusement Parks
Music + Concerts
Theater
TV and Streaming
Home + Garden
Travel
Comics
Puzzles
Daily News Store
Events
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columns
Commentary
Letters to the Editor
Editorial Board
Endorsements
SCNG Premium
Sponsored Content
The T.E.A.
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get the latest news delivered daily!

Sign Up
SPORTSSOCCERNews
Venezuela edges Mexico to reach Copa America quarterfinals
Venezuela scores on a 57th-minute penalty kick and holds on for a win in front of 72,773 at SoFi Stadium. Mexico must beat Ecuador on Sunday to advance.
Venezuela’s Salomon Rondon, center, celebrates after scoring on a penalty shot during their Copa America Group B match against Mexico on Wednesday night at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood. Venzuela held on for a 1-0 win. (AP Photo/Ryan Sun)
By DAMIAN CALHOUN | dcalhoun@scng.com | Daily Breeze
UPDATED: June 27, 2024 at 12:42 AM PST
1 of 67

Mexico’s Carlos Rodriguez, center, controls the ball during a Copa America Group B match against Venezuela on Wednesday night at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood. (AP Photo/Ryan Sun)

INGLEWOOD — The Copa America tournament offered the Mexican national team a unique set of challenges ahead of the upcoming push toward the 2026 World Cup.

Coach Jaime Lozano chose to select an inexperienced roster, looking to start a youth movement in the program.

After Wednesday night, there is a strong possibility that Mexico’s tournament could end this weekend, which would leave a lot of questions to be answered regarding the future.

Salomón Rondón converted a penalty shot in the 57th minute, and Venezuela survived some harrowing moments for a 1-0 win in front of 72,773 at SoFi Stadium.

“We are very happy to bring joy to Venezuelan people,” Venezuela coach Fernando Batista said. “It’s always nice to win. We were organized, never giving up attitude, making sacrifices … sometimes we didn’t have possession, but we never gave up.

“I always tell them that they have to believe in themselves and as a group and they did that.”

The win moves Venezuela into sole possession of first place in Group B on six points (2-0) and clinches a berth in the upcoming quarterfinals. Mexico (1-1) is on three points, tied with Ecuador.

Venezuela’s lead didn’t look as if it would hold up as Mexico’s Orbelín Pineda stepped up to take a penalty after a handball was called and confirmed via video review. Pineda fired low and to Venezuela’s goalkeeper Rafael Romo’s right and Romo came up with the save.

Mexico piled up on the chances after that, but were unable to beat Romo, who finished with five saves and earned Man of the Match honors. Venezuela ended a 13-game winless streak against El Tri.

The first half was a frustrating one for Mexico, especially for forward Santiago Gimenez. Gimenez, who scored the winning goal in Mexico’s Gold Cup final against Panama, also at SoFi Stadium, missed a prime scoring chance in the 19th minute. Gimenez was in a 1-on-1 situation but he whiffed on the attempt.

Later, Rondón’s chance at the opening goal hit the post, eventually sending the game into halftime scoreless.

Mexico’s tournament got off to a mixed start with its 1-0 victory over Jamaica last Saturday. However, in the first half, captain Edson Alvarez (Manchester City) suffered a hamstring injury that will keep him out of the tournament. In a social media message, Alvarez said he was making the decision to stay with the team “until the end to support and encourage them.”

Venezuela’s best finish ever in the Copa America was fourth in 2011.

In Wednesday’s other Group B game, Ecuador (1-1) moved to three points with a 3-1 win against Jamaica (0-2).

The teams conclude group stage play on Sunday. Venezuela faces Jamaica at Q2 Stadium in Austin, Texas.

“We need to remain calm and with our feet on the ground,” Batista said. “We are going to enjoy this tonight, but tomorrow we are going to be focused on Jamaica.”

RELATED ARTICLES
LAFC re-signs Marlon Santos
LAFC lands free agent Jeremy Ebobisse
Angel City FC signs Macey Hodge, the SEC Midfielder of the Year
Galaxy selects Michigan’s Jason Bucknor in first round of MLS SuperDraft
Angel City FC trades Rocky Rodriguez; Katie Johnson retires

While the Vinotinto reached the quarterfinals for the third time in four tournaments, Mexico is on the verge of first-round elimination for the third time in its last four Copa America trips. El Tri will meet Ecuador at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona, with a chance to advance out of the group at stake for both nations.

“We still have an opportunity (to advance),” Mexico coach Jaime Lozano said. “This was a heated match, players were very frustrated and with coming off of matches like this and our performance, we will work for a win.

“This team performs well in adversity. No one is getting off of this ship. I think we will make it. We have one result we’re after and it is one that takes us to the next round.”

In the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, Mexico was eliminated in the first round for the first time since 1978. They lost to the U.S. in the CONCACAF Nations League final in March and have not beaten the Americans since 2019.

“It’s a learning experience, but I’m proud of the team because they never stopped fighting. Now it’s up to us and we just talked about it in the locker room,” Lozano said. “We are hurt now, but playing like this, it’s going to be hard for us to lose another game.”

Venezuela’s Salomon Rondon, left, celebrates with teammates after scoring on a penalty kick during their Copa America Group B match against Mexico on Wednesday night at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood. Venezuela held on for a 1-0 win that secured their spot in the quarterfinals. (AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill)

Originally Published: June 26, 2024 at 9:22 PM PST
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
HealthSymptoms
Chuck Norris Says: Do This Daily for More Energy, Even if You're 80
America Morning Supply
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
KICKASS NEWS
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Shock You!
Tardive
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Nerve Forte | Watch Now
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside
Senior Living
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Myelodysplastic Syndrome: Many People Ignore This Warning - See Here!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
7 Bipolar Symptoms Most People Are Unaware Of! (Take a Quick Test)
Bipolar Test
Three Banks Introduce 12 Percent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts
Savings Accounts
North Charleston: Affordable Container Living - Take a Look Inside Now!
Shipping Container Homes
These Cars Will Last 250,000 Miles - is Yours on This List
beachraider
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
If You Notice These Signs, Your Air Conditioner is Broken!
Air Conditioners
Are You at Risk? 5 Signs You Might Have Chronic Kidney Disease!
Chronic Kidney Disease
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Health News | Joint Pain
Hepatitis C is Silent but Deadly - Know The Symptoms!
Hepatitis Treatment
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
Md: Feet Numbness or Burning (Neuropathy) After 50 Comes Down to 1 Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Bloating, Constipation & Gas? Do This Now (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze News
Medical Expert Found a Way to Wipe out Lung Mucus, Phlegm, Tar
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Greta Thunberg's Car Cost Her Millions, And This Is What It Looks Like
Favour Life Style
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
What Really Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome? Prepare to Be Shocked!
Myelodysplastic
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Suffering From Vertigo? Experts Swear by This One-minute Fix
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment You May Not Believe Exist
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast
HEALTH NATURAL
Unsold Diamond Rings Are Sold Almost for Nothing! Click Here!
Lab Diamonds
You Won’t Believe What This New Attic Insulation Can Do – See Now!
Attic Insulation
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Dinner:10 Foods to Avoid
Health Natural
Dermatologist Begs: "Do This for Hair Loss Instead of Transplant"
WG Hair Restore
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Vandals hit 6 cars in Northridge with gang graffiti, shattered glass
Electric scooter rider dies trapped under SUV leaving Westfield Topanga mall
These new California laws will go into effect in 2025
Mega Millions: $1.2 billion winning ticket sold in California
Shohei Ohtani and wife expecting first child
Susan Shelley: Too many so-called emergencies in the Golden State
UCLA and Mick Cronin finally get the better of Gonzaga
Woman killed, 3 hospitalized when fire tears through 2 Panorama City townhomes
LA sees drop in unsheltered homelessness amid 18% increase nationwide
COVID pregnancies may have boosted autism risk, UCLA study shows
8-year-old girl, teen boy and woman identified as fatal stabbing victims in Baldwin Park home
Dozens gather for vigil honoring slain Altadena couple
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Body found in wheel well of plane from Chicago to Maui
How Diddy and Luigi Mangione spent Christmas in Brooklyn jail
Massive invasive python is freed into the Palm Beach County wilderness. Here’s why
‘Baby Driver’ actor Hudson Meek dead at 16
Pregnant woman stabbed multiple times by pizza deliverer disgruntled about tip, sheriff says
MORE IN SOCCER
Swanson: Galaxy’s fan-tastic turnaround is the stuff of legend
First look at Galaxy’s MLS Cup Final against New York Red Bulls
Dejan Joveljić’s late goal leads Galaxy to win over Seattle and into MLS Cup final
LAFC re-signs Marlon Santos
2024
June
26
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Breaking News
CONTACT US
Corrections
Local Job Board
Daily News Store
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ABOUT DAILY NEWS
About Southern California News Group
MediaNews Group
Work With Us
News Archive
Reader’s Choice
PARTNERS
Live Traffic Map
Newspapers in Education
Sponsor a Student
MARKETPLACE
Classified
Legals
Obituary
ADVERTISING SOLUTIONS
Get in Touch with a Marketing Strategist
Request Media Kit
Creative Services
Content Marketing
READER REWARDS
Photo Reprints
Sponsored Access
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2024 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dailynews.com/2024/06/26/venezuela-edges-mexico-to-reach-copa-america-quarterfinals/ 
 ----- 
