Skip to Main Navigation
Who We Are
This page in:
English
EVENTS
Justice and the Rule of Law Global Forum: Fostering Inclusive and Sustainable Development
June 25-26, 2024
Washington, D.C.
Add to calendar
Share more

Thank you for your attendance and support for this event! We are in the process of posting session replays on this site, including the Spanish and French versions. 

OVERVIEW
Day 1
Day 2
WORLD CAFÉS
SPEAKERS

Justice institutions and the rule of law are vital to the achievement of the World Bank Group’s (WBG) mission to end extreme poverty and boost shared prosperity on a livable planet. Effective justice institutions underpin accountability and citizen confidence, safeguard investments and property rights, and stimulate economic growth, thereby laying the foundations for good governance and prosperous societies. Aware of this critical role, the WBG is calling for collective action to strengthen justice systems and the rule of law around the globe.

Based on this premise, the WBG will host the “Justice and the Rule of Law Global Forum: Fostering Inclusive and Sustainable Development” on June 25 and 26, 2024, at the WBG’s headquarters in Washington, D.C. The Forum aims to foster dialogue and collaboration within a broad ecosystem of stakeholders to reaffirm the role of justice and the rule of law as an essential element of development. The event will bring together over 200 participants from across the world, including senior government and judicial officials, WBG leadership, international and civil society organizations, private sector representatives, and academia.

The Forum will be hosted by the World Bank’s Governance Global Practice, and its Global Program on Justice and the Rule of Law. The Forum is co-hosted by the International Association of Women Judges (IAWJ); International Development Law Organization (IDLO); Justice Action Coalition, Organisation for Economic Co-Operation and Development (OECD); Spanish Ministry of the Presidency, Justice, and Relations with Parliament; Stanford Law School Legal Design Lab; United Nations Development Programme (UNDP); United States Agency for International Development (USAID); and the World Bank’s Legal Vice Presidency.

EVENT DETAILS
DATES: June 25-26, 2024
LOCATION: World Bank Headquarters
RELATED

Global Program on Justice and Rule of Law
Governance Global Practice

IBRD
IDA
IFC
MIGA
ICSID
Who We Are
News
Careers
Contact
Countries
Topics
Projects & Operations
Research & Publications
Events
Data
Knowledge Academy
Results Scorecard

STAY CURRENT WITH OUR LATEST DATA & INSIGHTS

Sign Up

© 2024 World Bank Group. All Rights Reserved.

Legal
Privacy Notice
Site Accessibility
Access to Information
Scam Alert
Report Fraud or Corruption

This site uses cookies to optimize functionality and give you the best possible experience. If you continue to navigate this website beyond this page, cookies will be placed on your browser. To learn more about cookies, click here.

×
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.worldbank.org/en/events/2024/03/19/justice-and-the-rule-of-law-global-forum-fostering-inclusive-and-sustainable-development 
 ----- 
