MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Phillies news: Trea Turner's clutch HR vs Braves leads Philadelphia fans to invade field

Philadelphia Phillies star Trea Turner hit a clutch home run against the Atlanta Braves, and two fans ran onto the field in the aftermath.

By 

Jackson Stone

Sep 12, 2023 at 10:24 PM ET

The Philadelphia Phillies had an eventful ninth inning during Tuesday's game against the Atlanta Braves. With the Phillies trailing by one run in the bottom of the ninth, shortstop Trea Turner launched a solo blast to tie up the game for Philadelphia.

As Turner rounded the bases, two fans leaped out of the Citizens Bank Park seats and ran onto the field before quickly being apprehended by security guards.

Alex Coffey
@byalexcoffey
·
Follow

Turner ties it and two fans run on the field. Total chaos

Watch on Twitter
1:43 AM · Sep 13, 2023
301
Reply
Copy link
Read 11 replies
Expand Tweet

The thrilling home run was part of a massive comeback for the Phillies, who at one point trailed 6-1 to the Braves but came all the way back to tie the game and send it into extra innings.

Related Philadelphia Phillies News
Article continues below
MLB news: Phillies, White Sox swap pitchers in trade
1 w
Phillies add ex-Brewers pitcher on 1-year deal
2 w
Jesus Luzardo trade grades for Phillies, Marlins
2 w
Phillies acquire Jesus Luzardo in trade with Marlins
2 w

Unfortunately, once they got there, things didn't go according to plan, as the Braves eventually won the contest 7-6 in ten innings courtesy of a single from Atlanta outfielder Eddie Rosario.

The loss was a crushing one for the Phillies in their quest for an NL Wild Card spot. Philadelphia now finds itself fifteen games behind the Braves for first place in the NL East. With a magic number of just two, Atlanta can clinch the division with another win at Citizens Bank Park on Wednesday.

The loss was part of what has been a relatively disappointing season for the Phillies following 2022's World Series appearance. Although Turner has rounded into form of late, the offseason signee struggled to begin his Philadelphia tenure and the team has been forced to play catch-up in the standings throughout most of the season.

The NL Wild Card games are slated to begin in early October.

Jackson Stone is a sports journalist for ClutchPoints with expertise in covering the NBA, NFL, and CAA Football. The Mercer University senior from Atlanta is on track to graduate with a BA in communications, and he has bylines at FanSided and USA Today Sports' Georgia athletics website.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki predicted to bypass Dodgers for very interesting reason
2 days ago
MLB rumors: Mariners, Tigers loom as potential Nolan Arenado landing spots
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Padres signing Roki Sasaki over Dodgers buzz getting louder
3 days ago
Marlins’ Sandy Alcantara-Red Sox trade speculation gets doused in cold water
1 day ago
MLB rumors: Why Roki Sasaki won’t sign at start of next international signing period
5 days ago
5 best MLB free agents still available ahead of 2025 season
3 days ago
MLB rumors: Cubs, Blue Jays enter Yoan Moncada sweepstakes amid Alex Bregman wait
5 days ago
Ex-Braves, Giants infielder makes retirement decision
2 weeks ago
MLB rumors: Angels, Blue Jays, Tigers listed as Anthony Santander suitors
5 days ago
Ranking the dirtiest players in MLB history
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Roki Sasaki makes clear request to interested teams amid offseason sweepstakes
1 week ago
MLB rumors: Max Scherzer market ‘heating up’ with 4 teams interested
1 week ago
Trea Turner
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
Update Privacy Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/phillies-news-trea-turner-clutch-hr-vs-braves-leads-to-philadelphia-fans-hilariously-invading-the-field 
 ----- 
