Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Braves magic number: 4
We're counting down the magic numbers by taking a look at some of the best Braves players of all time!
Kyle Richardson | Sep 12, 2023

The Atlanta Braves played a doubleheader today against the Philadelphia Phillies with a chance to decrease their magic number down from six to two. The Braves won game one after staving off a comeback from the Phils but the Braves lost game two in Kyle Wright's return to the mound.

That now makes the magic number four. So let's look at one of the best Braves players to ever wear No. 4, Jeff Blauser! Blauser played for the Braves for 11 years. He played in four World Series, winning one in 1995, even though he didn't play in that series against Cleveland. 

In his 11-year career with the Braves, Blauser finished with a .268 batting average, a .355 on-base percentage, a .415 slugging percentage, and a .770 OPS. He played in 1,184 games in a Braves uniform and had 3,961 total at-bats. He had 1,060 hits, 201 doubles, 28 triples, 109 homers, and 461 RBI. He appeared in two all-star games and finished as high as 16th in league MVP voting (1993).

Blauser was a guy that could play almost any position on the field. That's what made him even more valuable. He played shortstop, second base, third base, outfield, and he was even a designated hitter. He was a guy Bobby Cox depended on and he pulled through when Atlanta needed him. He was an unsung hero on a team with Chipper Jones, Andruw Jones, John Smoltz, Greg Maddux, Tom Glavine, and Javy Lopez, he flew under the radar but by the end of his career, everyone remembers who he was.

Check out Braves Today on Socials!
Follow Braves Today on Twitter!
Like Braves Today on Facebook!
Check out the homepage for more Atlanta Braves News!
Subscribe to Braves Today on YouTube!
Get Exclusive Braves Merchandise from FOCO

Published Sep 12, 2023
KYLE RICHARDSON

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/braves/news/atlanta-braves-magic-number-jeff-blauser 
 ----- 
