Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
South Sudan travelled to South Africa with only 15 players as they found the plane tickets too expensive to accommodate the whole team. Image: Wikimedia
Bafana Bafana vs Andorra: Good news for South African fans!

This will be Bafana Bafana’s first match winning bronze at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations (Afcon) in Côte d’Ivoire in February.

By Ernest Makhaya
21-03-24 17:07
in Soccer

There is some good news for South African football fans who are willing to stay up and watch Bafana Bafana and Andorra on Thursday night.

Hugo Broos’ men take on little-known Andorra in an international friendly in Algeria.

Kick-off is at 23:00 SA time.

BAFANA BAFANA VS ANDORRA TO BE TELEVISED IN SA

Now, after back-and-forth negotiations between different stakeholders regarding the broadcasting rights, a deal has finally been struck.

This match between Bafana Bafana and Andorra will be screened LIVE on SABC 1, SuperSport PSL and Variety 4 channels.

What this means is that every South African football fan will get to watch the game from the comfort of their homes.

BAFANA BAFANA’S FIRST MATCH SINCE WINNING AFCON BRONZE

This encounter will be Bafana Bafana’s first since returning home with bronze at the 2023 Africa Cup of Nations.

Bafana Bafana have another international friendly lined up for next week, 26 March, against Algeria which is expected to be a real test for them.

After this international break, Bafana Bafana will then plan for two crucial FIFA World Cup qualifiers in June.

The South African men’s team will face Nigeria on 3 June before taking on Zimbabwe on 10 June.

Bafana Bafana have already played two matches – lost to Rwanda and beat Benin to sit on three points.

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
Bafana Bafana
Featured
latest soccer news
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/soccer/bafana-bafana-vs-andorra-good-news-for-south-african-fans/ 
 ----- 
