Skip to content
Share
NEWS
SPORT
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS & FINANCE
VIDEO
WIN
Bafana Bafana to play Congo again. Image: @bafanabafana/X
Bafana vs Andorra: Kick-off time, TV channel and more

Bafana Bafana play Andorra late on Thursday evening. This is their first match since finishing third at the AF

By Eliot Mahlase
21-03-24 15:43
in Bafana Bafana

Bafana will kick off their FIFA Series against Andorra on Thursday afternoon.

The game will start at 23:00 at the 19 May 1956 Stadium in Algeria.

The Mamelodi Sundowns and Supersport United contingent arrived in Annaba on Tuesday night and by Wednesday, Bafana coach Hugo Broos had his full squad.

The Africa Cup of Nations Bronze medalists play Andorra and Algeria in the FIFA Series. They first play Andorra before travelling back to the capital of this North African country to face hosts Algeria.

The match will be played at the Nelson Mandela Stadium in Algiers on Tuesday, 26 March 2024.

BAFANA AND ANDORRA TO KICK-OFF FIFA SERIES

“I am happy that we are playing these two games. We play against Andorra in the first match, who are not a top team in Europe, far from it, but they lose games by close margins, usually 1-0 or 1-2,” Broos said.

“This means it will be tough. It is a different style also, and the game also gives me an opportunity to look at new players.

As I said, we have started to look for new players for the 2026 FIFA World Cup because there are some players we might have to replace for the tournament.

So, I am happy with that game against Andorra. I am also happy with the match against Algeria. They are one of the best teams in Africa,” said Bafana coach.

The South African medical team have not reported any camp injuries so far. Both Bafana and Andorra will play each other for the first time.

The Europeans are ranked 164th in the FIFA rankings and are unlikely to trouble Broos’ men.

The match between Bafana and Andorra will be televised on SABC 1 and SuperSport 2; kick-off is at 23:00.

CLICK HERE TO READ MORE ARTICLES BY ELIOT MAHLASE

Graduating soon? Join our graduate program for women in journalism here

Tags:
andorra
Bafana Bafana
Featured
Hugo Broos
Post navigation
ADVERTISEMENT

TheSouthAfrican.com is all about South Africa and the stories that affect South Africans, wherever they are in the world.

We're independent.
No agenda.
No bias.

Follow us
About us
Newsletters
Terms, Conditions, Privacy & GDPR
Contact Us
Women in Journalism

Our offices are for administrative purposes only, no visitors will be accepted without an appointment.

South Africa – Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd - Registration Number: 2005/028472/07 - Address: Regus Business Centre, 1st Floor, Block B, North Park, Black River Park, 2 Fir Street, Observatory, Cape Town, 7925, South Africa

Copyright Blue Sky Publications (Pty) Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thesouthafrican.com/sport/soccer/bafana-bafana/bafana-vs-andorra-kick-off-time-tv-channel-and-more/ 
 ----- 
