Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with €12 per month
Support us
Sign in
Eur
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
0:52
Controversial umpire's call costs Bangladesh at T20 World Cup – video
T20 World Cup 2024
 This article is more than 6 months old
Bangladesh caught out at the last as South Africa win at T20 World Cup
This article is more than 6 months old
South Africa 113-6, Bangladesh 109-7: SA win by four runs
Klaasen and Miller put on match-winning 75
Andy Bull at Nassau County International Cricket Stadium, New York
Mon 10 Jun 2024 21.05 CEST
Share
78

Just 18 months ago, the little corner of Brooklyn where McDonald and Church avenues meet was officially named Little Bangladesh. It’s the city’s newest neighbourhood, home to its fastest-growing community.

The number of ­Bangladeshi-­Americans living in New York has tripled in the past decade, and now runs to approxi­mately 100,000.

ICC cashes in as India versus Pakistan delivers a New York nail-biter
Read more

Apparently just about a quarter of them had come to Long Island to watch their team beat South Africa. It was the second-biggest crowd they have had here during the tournament, a little smaller than India’s, but just as loud.

They had a lot to cheer – everything, in fact, except the one thing they wanted.

Bangladesh played one of the better games any team have turned in at the Nassau County ground, but still lost by four runs. Their batters ­managed the chase brilliantly until the final over, when they needed to score 11 off Keshav Maharaj. But Jaker Ali was caught by Aiden Markram on the straight boundary trying to hit the six that would win it for them, and so was ­Mahmudullah. Markram had to leap high to take that one, and had only an inch or two of spare ground in which to land.

Mahmudullah couldn’t believe it, and stood his ground a while, ­waiting for a review that never came. It meant Taskin Ahmed needed to hit the last ball for six to win. He couldn’t. They had already been robbed of four leg byes that had ricocheted away off Mahmudullah’s pads. The umpires have him out lbw. He overturned it on review, but the runs had already been struck off. It was a shame it ended that way. Bangladesh deserved better, especially Towhid Hridoy, who had held everything together with his fine 37.

They were chasing only 113. South Africa’s innings was a wreck. Bangladesh had brought Tanzim Hasan Sakib to bolster their fast bowling, and gave him the first over. Three deliveries in, this was looking like a dubious move. Quinton de Kock carted him for a six over square leg and then a four through long-on. But he dismissed Reeza Hendricks lbw for a golden duck with his sixth ball, and things immediately started to fall apart. Hendricks has now made four, three and zero in the tournament. His role seems to be mainly ornamental.

Hasan bowled De Kock, then had Tristan Stubbs caught at cover for a duck. In between, Ahmed bowled Markram with a delivery that moved just enough off the pitch. By the end of the powerplay, South Africa were 25 for four, and had managed to hit exactly seven scoring shots between them, three of them the boundaries scored by De Kock. They rotated like a stopped clock. Luckily for them, they have one of the stronger middle-orders. Heinrich Klaasen and David Miller batted through the next 14 overs together and put on a match-winning 75, largely against Bangladesh’s spinners.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to The Spin

Free weekly newsletter

Subscribe to our cricket newsletter for our writers' thoughts on the biggest stories and a review of the week’s action

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

Klaasen raced ahead with a couple of sixes off Hossain, while Miller, who was celebrating his 35th birthday, tucked in behind him. Taskin finally broke the partnership when he bowled Klaasen for 46, and when Hossain got Miller in the next over, the innings spluttered out. They still came out on top in the end. In this tournament South Africa, who have a reputation for ­losing games they ought to win, seem to be winning all the ones they ought to lose.

Explore more on these topics
T20 World Cup 2024
South Africa cricket team
Bangladesh Cricket Team
T20 World Cup
Twenty20
Cricket
match reports
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2024 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/sport/article/2024/jun/10/south-africa-bangladesh-t20-world-cup-match-report 
 ----- 
