Skip to main content
32°
Sign UpLog In
HOME
NEWS
LIFE + ENTERTAINMENT
OPINION
SPORTS
MULTIMEDIA
HOUSING
SEARCH
ABOUT US
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Rangers drop penultimate home game to Seattle Mariners
By Matthew Tibebe, The Shorthorn staff Sep 21, 2024  0
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Third baseman Josh Smith, right, gives left fielder Wyatt Langford a high five after Smith hit a home run during a game against the Seattle Mariners on Sept. 21 at Globe Life Field. Smith had two hits.

Photo by Natanael Mazariego

The Texas Rangers (73-82) dropped their penultimate home game of the season 8-4 against the Seattle Mariners (80-75) on Saturday at Globe Life Field.

After hitting two home runs Friday, Mariners’ center fielder Julio Rodríguez continued his hot streak with a leadoff home run on the first pitch of Saturday’s game.

Rangers shortstop Josh Smith’s two-run home run opened up scoring for the Rangers in the third, tying the game 2-2.

Texas Rangers fan Joshua Cunnyngham, 12, catches a baseball during a game against the Seattle Mariners on Sept. 21 at Globe Life Field. The Texas Rangers lost 8-4.

Photo by Natanael Mazariego

The game spiraled for the Rangers in the sixth inning as right-handed pitcher José Leclerc gave up three runs in the period. However, they were able to score two runs in the bottom of the sixth, staying within striking distance.

Relief pitcher Walter Pennington gave up a run on a wild pitch early in the ninth inning. Rodríguez added to the damage with a single, scoring two more runs for the Mariners.

Rangers manager Bruce Bochy lamented over pitching struggles due to pitcher Max Scherzer being scratched from his scheduled start last week.

Right fielder Travis Jankowski slides toward the base plate during a game against the Seattle Mariners on Sept. 21 at Globe Life Field. Jankowski had one run.

Photo by Natanael Mazariego

“We just couldn’t stop them,” Bochy said. “It was a one-run game, hoping to keep it there in the ninth, and it got away from us.”

Although eliminated from playoff contention earlier this week, the Rangers showed signs of resiliency and competitiveness throughout the game.

The game marked itself as another sellout of the season with 39,929 attendees.

Texas Rangers Six Shooters Kabrey Brooke and Isabel Castaneda look up to the crowd during a game against the Seattle Mariners on Sept. 21 at Globe Life Field. The Six Shooters perform dance routines and provide fan interactions throughout the game.

Photo by Natanael Mazariego

The crowd cheered the loudest each time right fielder Adolis García stepped up to the plate. The first 15,000 fans left with a García bobblehead figure doing a cartwheel, remembering his infamous stunt in Game 2 of last season’s American League Championship series.

García gave the fans something else to cheer for when he hit a single in the seventh inning, forcing a Mariners pitching change.

Seattle entered the game hoping to compete in the playoffs, sitting two games back of the final AL Wild Card spot. The Rangers are now 2-10 against the Mariners this season.

Attendees raise their hands in an attempt to catch a t-shirt during a game against the Seattle Mariners on Sept. 21 at Globe Life Field. T-shirts are thrown and shot by the Texas Rangers Six Shooters.

Photo by Natanael Mazariego

Starting pitcher Dane Dunning gave up seven hits and two runs including a home run, but recorded five strikeouts in 3.2 innings as well.

“We did have a lot of chances,” Bochy said. “You get one hit, it changes the whole game, changes the score.”

The Rangers will be back at Globe Life Field for the last home game of the season Sunday against the Mariners with first pitch at 1:35 p.m.

@babyboimatt

sports-editor.shorthorn@uta.edu

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Matthew Tibebe
Author email
 Follow Matthew Tibebe
 Load comments
 (0) COMMENTS
Welcome to the discussion.

Log In

SECTIONS
News
Life & Entertainment
Opinion
Sports
Multimedia
Archives
SERVICES
About Us
Contact Us
Rack Locations
Advertise
Work for Us
Newsletter Signup
Shorthorn Housing
Classifieds
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
LinkedIn
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
theshorthorn.com
Box 19038
Arlington, TX 76019
Phone: 817-272-3188
Email: editor.shorthorn@uta.edu

© Copyright 2025 The Shorthorn Box 19038, Arlington, TX  | Policies, Procedures & Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
UTA's Main News Source Since 1919
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theshorthorn.com/sports/rangers-drop-penultimate-home-game-to-seattle-mariners/article_877912a8-789e-11ef-b16f-9f0d4c7946f2.html 
 ----- 
