COTTON BOWL CLASSIC
News, stories, predictions and more, as Texas plays Ohio State here Friday 
CLOSE
Weather
32°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
Live updates: ‘Last batch’ of light snow, freezing drizzle move through Dallas-Fort Worth
Everything to know about Texas-Ohio State: Quinn Ewers faces familiar foe in Cotton Bowl
Dallas ISD, other North Texas schools announce Friday closures due to winter weather
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Amid cold conditions outside, Mavericks use hot fourth quarter in comeback win vs. Blazers
At least 10 dead in LA-area wildfires; 2 biggest blazes burn at least 10,000 structures
North Texas officials urge caution on roads as snow, ice settle in
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
Live radar: Watch as snow, sleet, freezing rain drop over Dallas-Fort Worth area
256,000 jobs added in December; unemployment falls to 4.1%
ADVERTISEMENT

SPORTSRANGERS

Rangers title defense officially ends, losing season assured: ‘We’re all disappointed’
Saturday’s loss to the Mariners effectively summarized a season often interrupted by injuries and otherwise derailed by an ineffective offense.

By Evan Grant

Rangers beat writer/insider

Sep. 21, 2024
|
Updated 10:17 p.m. CDT
|
3 min. read
Texas Rangers designated hitter Adolis Garcia (53) walks to the dugout after a lineout to second base during the first inning against the Seattle Mariners, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington.(Elías Valverde II / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON ― The Rangers’ world championship, born of sweat and tears and 52 years in the making, expired quietly Saturday morning after a long battle with assorted aches and pains. An ineffective offense, however, was the underlying issue that could never be overcome. The championship was 324 days old.

“We’re all disappointed where we’re at now,” manager Bruce Bochy said in memorializing the title ahead of a 8-4 loss to Seattle in the season’s first officially meaningless game. “It’s always difficult when you’re seeing teams clinch and celebrate and you’re not, especially coming off the year that we had.

“It’s been frustrating on a couple of ends with all the injuries we had, but a lot of clubs have those. So there’s no excuse there. And then, of course, the offense. We’re a lot of runs behind where we were at this point last year, and that’s what we’re talking about now: How can we get better. We’re not going to accept this as just an off year. We got work to do, and we’ve got a lot of improvement to make.”

The Rangers were officially eliminated when the dust cleared from Friday’s games, though it took a little nuance to grasp. It left them eight games back of third wild card team Minnesota with eight games to play. But since Minnesota owns the tiebreaker over the Rangers, it effectively created an extra half-game in the standings. The Rangers were officially eliminated from AL West contention last week.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

Photos: Texas Rangers play the Seattle Mariners in penultimate regular season home game
35 IMAGES
VIEW GALLERY

Saturday’s loss simply made things even more plainly evident. It also assured the Rangers would finish the year with a losing season. Even if they sweep the final seven games of the season against the Mariners, Oakland and Los Angeles Angels, the Rangers would only finish 80-82. It will be the Rangers’ seventh losing season in the last eight years. As if any of that matters.

ADVERTISEMENT

Here’s how the first day of the meaningless last stretch began:

Scheduled starter Max Scherzer woke up with a sore hamstring, was scratched effectively ending his season (and probably his Rangers’ Era, too). His replacement Dane Dunning gave up a home run to Julio Rodríguez on the first pitch of the game. And, well, things didn’t get markedly better after that. When the Rangers did have a chance for a comeback, Randy Arozarena ran down Marcus Semien’s bases-loaded liner toward the left-field corner for an inning-ending out. The Rangers left 12 men on base, nine of them over the final four innings.

Related:Texas Rangers place Max Scherzer on IL with hamstring strain, ending his season

All in all, it was a fitting way to summarize the season, which has been often interrupted by injuries and otherwise derailed by an ineffective offense. How ineffective? The Rangers have scored 216 fewer runs through 155 games this season than last.

ADVERTISEMENT

So there won’t be a repeat World Series champ. Hasn’t been since the Yankees won three straight from 1998-2000. Nobody knows this state more intimately than Bochy. He’s won four World Series in that span and his teams haven’t even made the exponentially expanding playoff field in the subsequent season.

ADVERTISEMENT

“Gosh, I think I’ve answered this one quite a few times,” Bochy said. " I should know, because I’m 0 for 4. I’ll say it again: You start with how difficult it is to win a world championship in the first place. It’s really hard to do. Then to repeat that, a lot has to happen, and it didn’t happen this year.”

Alas, a flag still flies over right field at Globe Life Field celebrating the 2023 World Series. The flag will fly forever. The title defense, however, has come to an end.

Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

ADVERTISEMENT

Click or tap here to sign up for our Rangers newsletter.

By Evan Grant

Evan has covered the Rangers since 1997. He has twice been named one of the top 10 beat writers in the country by the AP Sports Editors. His passions outside of covering baseball are his wife, Gina, his two step kids, two crazy dogs & barbecue. Let's not discuss the cat. Evan graduated from Georgia State University, but oddly is a Georgia fan.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
Live updates: ‘Last batch’ of light snow, freezing drizzle move through Dallas-Fort Worth
2
Freezing temps overnight could make travel treacherous on D-FW roads
3
Macy's closing five D-FW area locations as department store slashes footprint
4
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
5
Winter storm: Dallas airports de-ice after mass cancellations, more coming Friday
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2024/09/21/rangers-title-defense-officially-ends-losing-season-assured-were-all-disappointed/ 
 ----- 
