Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners Superstar Passes Hall of Famer in History as Strong Finish Continues
The Seattle Mariners may not make the playoffs in 2024, but Julio Rodriguez is certainly putting a nice bow on his season with a strong finish.
Brady Farkas | Sep 21, 2024
Seattle Mariners center fielder Julio Rodriguez (44) reacts after hitting a three-run home run against the Texas Rangers in the fifth inning at Globe Life Field on Sept 20. / Tim Heitman-Imagn Images
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

Seattle Mariners superstar Julio Rodriguez hit two home runs on Friday night as the M's beat the Texas Rangers 8-2 at Globe Life Field.

Though it's been a down year for Rodriguez, he's certainly doing his best to finish strong. He's hitting .280 over his last 30 games, .329 over his last 15 and .438 over his last seven.

With eight games to play, Rodriguez now has 18 homers and 59 RBI. With a great last week-plus, he could still have a 20/20 season in his "down" year.

With the two blasts, Rodriguez also now has 78 career homers, which put him past former M's star and Hall of Famer Adrian Beltre on a fun list in baseball history.

Per @StatsCentre:

Most career home runs by a Dominican-born player at age 23 or younger:
125- Juan Soto
114- Albert Pujols
90- Cesar Cedeno
81- Fernando Tatis Jr.
78- Julio Rodriguez (Thanks to him hitting 2 in Friday's 8-2 @Mariners win vs TEX)
76- Adrian Beltre
74- Rafael Devers
64- Nomar Mazara

Rodriguez was an All-Star and a Silver Slugger in each of his first two seasons and though neither of those will happen in 2024, hopefully he's unlocked something that can carry into 2025.

The Mariners enter play on Saturday at 79-75 on the season. They have a 7.0 percent chance of making the playoffs, according to Fangraphs. They will play the Rangers again on Saturday afternoon at 4:10 p.m. PT.

Emerson Hancock will get the ball against future Hall of Famer Max Scherzer, who is likely to be on a pitch count after returning from injury.

RELATED SEATTLE MARINERS CONTENT:

NEW PODCAST IS OUT: The latest episode of the "Refuse to Lose" podcast is out as Brady Farkas talks about why there was no episode on Tuesday: He lost his voice after going to Foxboro to watch the Seahawks beat the Patriots. Furthermore, we talk about the M's chances in the playoff race, the frustrations of the season, and the baserunning errors from Victor Robles and Julio Rodriguez. CLICK HERE:

ADVERTISING

GOING, GOING, GONE? Reports are out that Seattle Mariners broadcaster Dave Sims is now a finalist for a job with the New York Yankees. CLICK HERE:

M's CONNECTION TO OTHANI: Former Seattle Mariners pitcher Mike Baumann gave up the historic blast this week to Shohei Ohtani. CLICK HERE:

Follow Inside the Mariners on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady. You can subscribe to the "Refuse to Lose" podcast by clicking HERE:

Published Sep 21, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/seattle-mariners-superstar-julio-rodriguez-passes-hall-of-famer-adrian-beltre-in-dominican-baseball-history-as-strong-finish-continues 
 ----- 
