Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Multi-Time Cy Young Winner Scratched For Game Against Seattle Mariners
The Seattle Mariners won't face three-time Cy Young award winner Max Scherzer as the Texas Rangers scratched him for Saturday's game between the two teams.
Teren Kowatsch | Sep 21, 2024
Texas Rangers starting pitcher Max Scherzer throws during a game against the St. Louis Cardinals on July 30 at Busch Stadium. / Jeff Curry-Imagn Images
In this story:
Seattle Mariners
Texas Rangers

Every single game for the Seattle Mariners at this point is a must-win and they played like it during a game against the Texas Rangers on Thursday.

The Mariners beat the Rangers 8-2. Seattle didn't gain much ground in the playoff race. It made up one game on the Detroit Tigers, who are one of the two teams ahead of the Mariners in the American League Wild Card race. But the Houston Astros (AL West) and Minnesota Twins (AL Wild Card) both maintained their respective 5.0 and 2.0 game leads over Seattle.

But there's a lot that can happen in the remaining eight games of the season that can help the Mariners make their second postseason in three years.

So it's a good thing that Seattle won't have to go against a three-time Cy Young award winner on Saturday.

The Rangers scratched scheduled starter Max Scherzer from the lineup according to a tweet from the Seattle Times' Adam Jude.

There was no word at the time of the report as to why Scherzer was pulled from his start. Saturday would have been Scherzer's second start since coming off the injured list. on Sept. 14 (also against the Mariners). Scherzer was on the shelf since July 30 with "right shoulder fatigue."

Scherzer pitched 4.0 innings in his last outing against Seattle and allowed two earned runs off five hits while striking out two batters and walking another pair.

Dane Dunning will get the start in place of Scherzer. It will be his first appearance since a bullpen outing on Aug. 30 against Oakland. He last started a game on Aug. 19 and allowed three earned runs off five hits in four innings pitched against the Pittsburgh Pirates.

Although injuries are never an ideal scenario, the Mariners seemed to have lucked out with the late scratch and will look to take advantage of the late-change.

Seattle had 10 hits in their win against Texas on Friday.

Related Stories on Seattle Mariners

RODRIGUEZ'S TWO HOMERS LIFTS MARINERS TO WIN OVER RANGERS: The Seattle Mariners got two home runs from Julio Rodriguez and another long ball form Josh Rojas en route to an 8-2 win against the Texas Rangers on Friday. CLICK HERE

MUNOZ LEADING THE LEAGUE IN SPECIFIC (AND IMPRESSIVE) STATISTIC: Seattle Mariners reliever Andres Munoz has been one of the best relievers this season and was named to the All-Star Game in 2024, but he's also been one of the best bullpen arms in the league in another impressive category. CLICK HERE

HOW 'BAD' HAS RODRIGUEZ ACTUALLY BEEN FOR SEATTLE?: Seattle Mariners franchise cornerstone Julio Rodriguez has received a lot of flack on social media the last week; But a lot of those criticisms may be unfounded. CLICK HERE

Follow Seattle Mariners on SI on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady

Published Sep 21, 2024
TEREN KOWATSCH

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/multi-time-cy-young-winner-and-current-texas-rangers-starter-max-scherzer-was-scratched-for-saturday-game-against-the-seattle-mariners 
 ----- 
