Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
Winter storm
SPORTS
Rodríguez has leadoff HR, tiebreaking single as wild card-chasing Mariners beat Rangers 8-4
1 of 9 |  

Seattle Mariners’ Julio Rodríguez, left, celebrates after his home run with teammate Randy Arozarena (56) during the first inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

2 of 9 |  

Texas Rangers’ Josh Smith homers, left, in front of Seattle Mariners catcher Cal Raleigh during the third inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

3 of 9 |  

Seattle Mariners’ Randy Arozarena (56) leaps scoring against Texas Rangers catcher Carson Kelly (18) on a single hit by Mariners Jorge Polanco during the first inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

4 of 9 |  

Texas Rangers’ Travis Jankowski, right, reaches base against a tag by Seattle Mariners shortstop Dylan Moore, left, for a double hit during the second inning of a baseball game Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

5 of 9 |  

Seattle Mariners’ Julio Rodríguez is brushed back by a high inside pitch during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

6 of 9 |  

Seattle Mariners starting pitcher Emerson Hancock throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

7 of 9 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Dane Dunning throws during the first inning of a baseball game against the Seattle Mariners, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

8 of 9 |  

Texas Rangers second base Marcus Semien, left, tags Seattle Mariners’ J.P. Crawford out at second base as Crawford tries to the stretch a single into a double during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

9 of 9 |  

Seattle Mariners outfielder Julio Rodríguez (44) celebrates with teammates after a baseball game against the Texas Rangers, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/LM Otero)

BY  SCHUYLER DIXON
Updated 3:16 AM UTC, September 22, 2024
Share

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Julio Rodríguez homered on the first pitch and had a tiebreaking RBI single in the sixth inning of his four-hit game, and the wild card-chasing Seattle Mariners beat the Texas Rangers 8-4 on Saturday night.

The Mariners (80-75) pulled within 1 1/2 games of Minnesota for the third AL wild card after the Twins were rained out in Boston. Detroit is a half-game behind Minnesota.

Seattle, which had a 10-game lead in the AL West in mid-June but now trails Houston by five with seven games remaining, is five games over .500 for the first time in more than a month.

“I think there’s a good feeling going on in here,” interim manager Dan Wilson said. “I think the guys as a collective group are fighting together and there’s a lot of confidence going.”

The seventh leadoff homer of the season for the Mariners, and the first for Rodríguez, came off Dane Dunning, who started for Max Scherzer when the three-time Cy Young Award winner was scratched.

Scherzer was placed on the 15-day injured list with a left hamstring strain, ending the season for the 40-year-old right-hander who is on an expiring contract. Various health issues limited Scherzer to nine starts.

RELATED STORIES
Lenny Randle, major leaguer repeatedly in the spotlight for 12 seasons, dies at 75
Rangers trade 1B Nathaniel Lowe to Nationals for lefty reliever Robert Garcia
World Series vision that got Nathan Eovaldi to the Rangers is the same one that got him to re-sign

Josh Smith hit a tying two-run homer in the third for the Rangers a night after the defending World Series champions were eliminated from postseason contention. The loss clinched a seventh losing record in the past eight seasons for Texas (73-82).

After homering twice in Seattle’s 8-2 victory in the series opener, Rodríguez sent his 19th of the season to the opposite field in right on a 90 mph sinker from Dunning, who allowed seven hits and two runs in 3 2/3 innings.

Rodríguez, who had four RBIs, gave Seattle a 3-2 lead with the first of three consecutive run-scoring singles off José Leclerc in the sixth. Cal Raleigh and Randy Arozarena followed with theirs. Rodríguez added a two-run single in the ninth.

“He’s just proving time and time again that he’s hitting the ball hard,” Wilson said. “He’s able to leave in any part of the ballpark. Going to right field to start the game was a big lift.”

Leclerc had replaced Andrew Chafin (4-3), who allowed the first three batters to reach in the sixth.

Arozarena preserved Seattle’s 5-4 lead with a sprinting catch of a bases-loaded liner from Marcus Semien with two out in the sixth.

Dylan Moore made a lunging catch for Seattle on Nathaniel Lowe’s smash down the line at first with one out and two on in the seventh. Moore had moved from second base after Justin Turner fouled a pitch off his foot and left the game following his inning-ending groundout in the sixth.

Austin Voth struck out Smith with runners at the corners to end the eighth when the lead was still one run. Emerson Hancock (4-4) allowed two runs in five innings.

“We did have a lot of chances,” Texas manager Bruce Bochy said. “One hit changes the whole game, changes the score. Tough luck. Marcus smokes that ball, bases loaded. That’s all you can do.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Mariners: OF Victor Robles was out of the lineup with an injured right middle finger that made gripping a bat and throwing difficult. But Robles did replace Polanco as a pinch runner in the ninth after Polanco’s third hit. Robles scored from second base when he broke for third on a steal and scored on Walter Pennington’s wild pitch.

Rangers: 3B Josh Jung has been sidelined for three games because of soreness in his surgically repaired right wrist. Jung missed three months after the wrist was fractured when he was hit by a pitch in the fourth game of the season.

UP NEXT

Seattle RHP Bryan Woo (8-3, 2.45 ERA) faces LHP Andrew Heaney (5-14, 3.89 ERA) in the series finale and Texas’ final home game of the season.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Put 2025 In Its Pla...
YETI
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
What ignited the deadly Califor nia wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilitie s
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years da...
President Joe Biden is casting doubt on his fitness to serve another four years in a...
AP News
Democratic Sen. John Fetterma n to meet with Trump at Mar-a...
Pennsylvania Sen. John Fetterman will become the chamber's first Democrat to...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Two Tier Luxury Swim Spa Is Turning Heads (Take a Look)
Luxury Swim Spa
Advertisement:
Empty Cruises Departing From South Carolina That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Pubyfun
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito says he spoke with Trum...
Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito spoke with President-elect Donald Trump abou...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Cordless Electric Scissors Is Taking South Carolina By...
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Seniors In These Zip Codes Are Enjoying Massive Savings On...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
From Carter's funeral, an Americ an snapshot: A singular image, ...
Inside Washington National Cathedral, the five men who've occupied the Oval Offic...
AP News
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states?...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolina By...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Lookup Anyone's Home Value Instantly (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/mariners-rangers-score-fb7aebcd0db41fe1aa8a10fc027d10b1 
 ----- 
