NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Blue Jays aim to avoid sweep, finish season on a high note against Marlins
Sportsnet Staff
@Sportsnet
September 29, 2024 - 10:42am
MLB Highlights: Marlins 8, Blue Jays 1
Dane Smith had a three-run homer and finished the game with a career-high five RBIs and Xzavion Curry only gave up two hits over five innings as the Miami Marlins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8-1.
Play Video
Dane Myers had a three-run homer and finished the game with a career-high five RBIs and Xzavion Curry only gave up two hits over five innings as the Miami Marlins beat the Toronto Blue Jays 8-1.
72 comments

The Toronto Blue Jays will look to shake off a sweep attempt from the Miami Marlins and wrap up their season on a positive note Sunday afternoon.

Watch live on Sportsnet and Sportsnet+ with the first pitch scheduled for 3:07 p.m. ET / 12:07 p.m. PT.

The Marlins have been on an offensive surge, scoring a combined 23 runs during the first two games of the series.

The Blue Jays were held to just four hits and one run Saturday as slugger Vladimir Guerrero Jr. went 0-for-4 at the plate.

Guerrero is one hit shy of 200 as he looks to become the first Blue Jays player to reach the milestone since Vernon Wells collected a team-record 215 in 2003. Other Blue Jays to cross the 200-hit plateau are Tony Fernandez (213, 1986), Paul Molitor (211, 1993), Shannon Stewart (202, 2001) and John Olerud (200, 1993).

Toronto has yet to name a starting pitcher for Sunday's finale as the team has opted to skip Chris Bassitt's turn in the rotation.

The 35-year-old right-hander pitched 171 innings for the Blue Jays over 31 starts, posting a 4.16 ERA with 168 strikeouts.

The Marlins are sending Ryan Weathers (4-6, 3.81 ERA) to the mound.

Weathers won his most recent start this past Tuesday against the Minnesota Twins. The 24-year-old left-hander allowed one run on six hits with two walks and two strikeouts over five innings during the 4-1 victory.

Toronto (74-87) will finish the season last in the American League East regardless of Sunday's outcome. Miami (61-100) is also locked into the final spot in the National League East.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Blue Jays’ Yariel Rodriguez to be important piece of 2025 puzzle
Guerrero Jr. goes hitless in Blue Jays’ loss to Marlins
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/blue-jays-aim-to-avoid-sweep-finish-season-on-a-high-note-against-marlins/ 
 ----- 
