Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
What we learned from the Marlins’ 2024 season
Share
What we learned from the Marlins’ 2024 season
September 30th, 2024

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share
;

14 SECONDS REMAINING

This story was excerpted from Christina De Nicola’s Marlins Beat newsletter. To read the full newsletter, click here. And subscribe to get it regularly in your inbox.

TORONTO -- Sunday marked the end of the Marlins’ 2024 season.

After the thrill of a surprise postseason berth in 2023, Miami couldn’t overcome countless injuries -- using a Major League-record 70 players in ’24 -- en route to the fourth 100-loss season in franchise history. But the club ended on a high note, matching a season high with four straight victories.

Defining moment: Spring Training
Miami entered camp knowing it would be without ace Sandy Alcantara due to his recovery from Tommy John surgery. What the club didn't bank on were the absences of left-handers Jesús Luzardo and Braxton Garrett, as well as right-handers Eury Pérez and Edward Cabrera come Opening Day. That quartet, along with southpaw Ryan Weathers, missed extended periods of time due to injury this season.

As a result, Miami used a franchise-record 19 starters, and its rotation posted the second-highest ERA in the Majors (5.24). Lefty Trevor Rogers made a team-high 21 starts despite being dealt to the Orioles at the Trade Deadline. But things are looking up. Cabrera finished strong over his last 10 starts (3.57 ERA in 53 innings), Weathers returned for three starts to close out 2024, Alcantara could be back for Opening Day in '25 and Pérez is on track to return around the All-Star break. Garrett, however, is receiving a second opinion on his arm.

What we learned: Never enough pitching
This is less of a lesson and more of a reminder that the Marlins will only go as far as their pitching takes them. In 2023, Miami was able to overcome its shortcomings on offense thanks to the pitching staff. The same couldn't be said in '24 because of the aforementioned injuries. The adage "you can never have enough starting pitching" has never been more relevant. Time will tell how this affects what president of baseball operations Peter Bendix elects to do over the offseason in order to improve the lineup, which entered Sunday with an 86 wRC+ (fourth lowest in MLB). Could Miami afford to trade from its pitching depth to bolster the offense?

Related
Miami comes to terms with all 5 of its arb-eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Edwards 'so fortunate' to share game he loves with youth

January 9th, 2025

Marlins lose Garrett for 2025 after left elbow surgery

January 9th, 2025

loanDepot park to host 2026 Discover NHL Winter Classic

January 9th, 2025

Weathers braves temps to have a catch in Scotland

January 6th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

Best development: Diamonds in the rough
The Marlins' front office was able to find hidden gems. Rookie righty Declan Cronin -- who was claimed off waivers from the Astros on Feb. 7 after being designated for assignment twice over the offseason, by the White Sox and Houston -- became a valuable piece of the bullpen (104 ERA+ in 56 outings -- the third-most appearances on Miami's staff). Right-hander Valente Bellozo -- acquired from Houston along with cash for shortstop prospect Jacob Amaya on April 6 -- posted a 3.67 ERA in 13 starts despite having never pitched above the Double-A level entering 2024. Otto Lopez -- claimed off waivers from the Giants on April 4, led National League second basemen in Outs Above Average after not appearing in the Majors in 2023.

Other standouts included righty reliever Jesus Tinoco (226 ERA+ in 21 relief appearances) and corner infielder/designated hitter Jonah Bride (.818 OPS in 71 games).

• Bride a 'pleasant surprise' for the Marlins this year

Area for improvement: Defense
Roster turnover at the Trade Deadline meant not only bringing up young players to gain experience, but doing so at various positions. It felt like a different season from August on, as players learned on the fly at the big league level and gave the organization an idea if -- and how -- they should be part of 2025 plans. As a result, there were growing pains for Xavier Edwards at shortstop, Connor Norby at third base and Jake Burger and Bride at first. Entering Sunday, Miami was tied for third worst in the Majors in Outs Above Average (-36) and ranked fourth worst in Defensive Runs Saved (-27).

• Norby's defensive growth at third shines in all-around game

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

On the rise: Connor Norby
Immediate returns from the Rogers trade with Baltimore are promising, in large part because of how Norby performed in his first 36 games with Miami (.760 OPS). Rather than begin his Marlins career in the big leagues, Norby spent two weeks at Triple-A Jacksonville to get reps at third base -- a position he hadn't played since his college days, and in only 29 games. The 24-year-old has a difference-making bat with the ability to go deep to right-center field, something that isn't easy to do as a right-handed hitter at loanDepot park. His hard-nosed approach also has made him a fan favorite.

Team MVP: Jake Burger
Burger was pleased with how he recovered to salvage his 2024 thanks to his second-half performance (.901 OPS). Although he fell short of a second consecutive 30-homer season, the 28-year-old still led the team in home runs (29) and RBIs (76) despite missing three weeks from mid-April to early May with a left intercostal muscle strain -- an issue that also affected his swing for a while afterwards.

More important than the stats, however, is Burger's leadership inside the clubhouse. When the Marlins overhauled their roster at the Trade Deadline, Burger became the de facto veteran position player, even though he had just over one year of service time and less than a calendar year with the organization.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

January 9th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/marlins-2024-season-in-review 
 ----- 
