Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
Jimmy Carter funeral
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Jonah Bride has 2 RBIs, Marlins sweep Blue Jays with 3-1 win
1 of 8 |  

Miami Marlins’ Jonah Bride hits a two-run RBI off Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Ryan Burr during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

2 of 8 |  

Miami Marlins pitcher Ryan Weathers works against the Toronto Blue Jays during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

3 of 8 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Ryan Burr reacts after giving up a single to Miami Marlins designated hitter Jake Burger during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

4 of 8 |  

Toronto Blue Jays pitcher Ryan Burr works against the Miami Marlins during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

5 of 8 |  

Toronto Blue Jays designated hitter Vladimir Guerrero Jr., left, tosses his bat after being walked by Miami Marlins pitcher Ryan Weathers as Marlins catcher Nick Fortes,right, looks on during first-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

Read More
6 of 8 |  

Toronto Blue Jays designated hitter Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (27) gestures as he walks back to the dugout after after being walked by Miami Marlins pitcher Lake Bachar and being replaced by pinch runner Nathan Lukes during eighth-inning baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

Read More
7 of 8 |  

Miami Marlins pitcher Ryan Weathers works against Toronto Blue Jays during baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

8 of 8 |  

Miami Marlins pitcher Ryan Weathers works against the Toronto Blue Jays during baseball game action in Toronto, Sunday, Sept. 29, 2024. (Chris Young/The Canadian Press via AP)

BY  IAN HARRISON
Updated 11:13 PM UTC, September 29, 2024
Share

TORONTO (AP) — Jonah Bride reached base three times and drove in two runs, Otto Lopez had two hits and an RBI against his former team and the Miami Marlins completed a three-game sweep of the Toronto Blue Jays, winning 3-1 in Sunday’s regular-season finale.

“It’s a good moment, especially to end the season this way,” bench coach Luis Urueta said.

Ryan Weathers (5-6) allowed one run and three hits in 6 1/3 innings to win his second straight start. Weathers walked two and struck out six.

Weathers pitched out of a bases-loaded, nobody-out jam in the first inning and retired 16 straight batters between the second and seventh.

“It felt good,” Weathers said. “Any time you can do well against a quality lineup is good.”

Anthony Bender got the final four outs for his first save in five chances as Miami swept a series for the second time.

Toronto lost eight of its final nine games to go 7-17 in September. The Blue Jays finished 39-42 at home.

Manager John Schneider put slugger Vladimir Guerrero Jr. in the leadoff spot, hoping to increase his chances of becoming the sixth player in Blue Jays history to reach 200 hits.

RELATED STORIES
Blue Jays, Dodgers and Red Sox among losing bidders for Juan Soto
Guerrero agrees to $28.5M and Valdez to $18M; Tucker tops arbitration 17 requests at $17.5M
Phillies gamble on 1-year contract for 2-time All-Star closer Jordan Romano

Guerrero went 0 for 2 with a strikeout and walked twice to finish with 199 hits.

Fans booed when Miami’s Lake Bachar missed with a 3-2 fastball in Guerrero’s final plate appearance in the eighth, then rose for a standing ovation when Guerrero was replaced by pinch runner Nathan Lukes.

No Blue Jays player has had a 200-hit season since Vernon Wells (215) in 2003.

Milestone chase or not, Guerrero said he wasn’t tempted to swing at Bachar’s full-count pitch.

“It was easy for me,” Guerrero said through a translator. “I’m not just going to strike out trying to get a hit knowing that I can get a walk.”

Toronto was swept for the fifth time and finished 74-88, its worst record since going 67-95 in 2019.

“We’ve got to get better at everything,” Guerrero said.

The Blue Jays went 89-73 last season, good for the third AL wild card.

The Marlins also saw a major decline from 2023, when they finished 84-78 and earned an NL wild-card berth. Despite winning five of their final six, Miami’s final record was 62-100.

“It’s a young group of players and they have a bright future,” Urueta said. “They’ve just got to keep working.”

The Blue Jays drew a crowd of 31,688, pushing total attendance for the year to 2,681,236. That was down from 3,021,904 in 2023.

Urueta, handling his second game in place of the absent Skip Schumaker, put Jake Burger atop his lineup. Burger came in with 29 home runs. He singled and scored in the first but didn’t reach base again.

Bride hit a two-run single off Blue Jays opener Ryan Burr (0-2) in the first.

Bride walked against Dillon Tate in the sixth, advanced on a single and scored when Lopez doubled.

Bride hit .326 with six home runs and 17 RBIs in 26 September games.

“I think he’s got a future here,” Urueta said.

Schumacher missed his second game after leaving the team because of a medical issue in his family.

ROSTER MOVES

Blue Jays: Toronto recalled LHP Brandon Eisert from Triple-A Buffalo and optioned RHP Yariel Rodríguez to the Spring Training Complex.

UP NEXT

Marlins: Miami begins its 2025 Spring Training schedule by hosting St. Louis on Feb. 22.

Blue Jays: Toronto begins the 2025 Grapefruit League schedule by hosting the New York Yankees on Feb. 22.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Average IQ is 100. What's Yours? Answer 20 multiple choice questions to find out.
Free IQ Test
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
From Carter's funeral, an Ameri can snapshot: A singular image, 5 presidents, 379 years of histo ry
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles , Trump doesn't offer much sympathy. He's casting blame.
Jimmy Carter's funeral brings together 5 current and former...
Five current and former U.S. presidents have come together for Jimmy Carter’s...
AP News
Minnesota judge orders Mike Lindell's MyPillow to pay nearl...
A Minnesota judge has ordered MyPillow to pay nearly $778,000 for unpaid bills an...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Neva da (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
The Long Handle Object Picker Is Taking Nevada By Storm
This is the best assist tool on the market, safely pick up things you don't want to...
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Revolutionary Quiet Clock Wows Las Vegas [Read]
Experience a quiet good time with our large digital wall clock. Displays time, dat...
Digital Wall Clock
Advertisement:
Read More
New Hyundai Santa Fe For Seniors In 2024 - Prices Are Shocking...
Hyundai Partner
Advertisement:
The Secret Revealed: Why All Hummingbird s Go to My Neighbor'...
Sweety Hummingbird Feeder
Advertisement:
Get Offer
See The Value of Your Car Instantly (Take a...
searchalike.com
Advertisement:
Learn More
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff...
A U.S. citizen has been barred from entering Poland because her passport wa...
AP News
JetBlue passenger suddenly opens exit door as flight is taxii...
Massachusetts authorities say a person on board a plane at Boston Logan Internatio...
AP News
How Much Does Renti ng a Private Jet in 2025 Cost? The Pric...
Private Jet
Advertisement:
Learn More
Top SUVs for Seniors: Drive Comfortably and Safely
nation.com | 'best suv for seniors'
Advertisement:
Learn More
4 Foods Linked to Memory Loss
Primal Health
Advertisement:
Learn More
St. Louis prosecutor spent weeks away from office while i...
A state audit of St. Louis’ former prosecut or found that she spent the equivalent of...
AP News
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years da...
President Joe Biden is casting doubt on his fitness to serve another four years in a...
AP News
The New Chevy Silver ado 1500 2024 Is Utter Perfection - See The...
SeekerHub Chevy Silverado 1500
Advertisement:
Learn More
Discover Hidden Senio r Discounts For Auto Insurance Policies
nation.com | 'government mandated auto insurance discount for seniors'
Advertisement:
Learn More
Affordable Camper Vans That Won't Break the Bank (Expl...
WallStreet Viral
Advertisement:
Search Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
PanzerQuest:Advertisement
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many super tiny states? Game simulates...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/marlins-blue-jays-score-fc60977640d7dde979a46f668e0c861a 
 ----- 
