 MENU
My Picks
Miami Marlins vs Toronto Blue Jays Prediction MLB Picks 9/29/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 28, 2024 11:30 pm
Toronto Blue Jays (73-85) vs Miami Marlins (59-100)
Game Info: Sunday, September 29, 2024 at 3:07 pm (Rogers Centre)
() () vs Ryan Weathers (4-6) (3.81)
Betting Odds: Toronto Blue Jays -159 / Miami Marlins +129 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: BALLY

The Miami Marlins and the Toronto Blue Jays meet Sunday in MLB action from Rogers Centre. Here’s a Miami Marlins vs Toronto Blue Jays prediction. This will be the final installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Marlins vs Blue Jays pick. We will examine:

The Miami Marlins recent form and player performance

The Toronto Blue Jays recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Miami Marlins

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Toronto Blue Jays

Recent betting trends in games played between the Marlins and Blue Jays

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Marlins vs Blue Jays game

Miami Marlins Betting Preview

The Marlins took on the Minnesota Twins in their last series. Miami lost 8-3 Wednesday but won the other two games. After a 15-5 win over Toronto in their weekend opener, on Saturday Miami powered out the win 8-1.

Ryan Weathers will start for Miami on Sunday. This year Weathers is 4-6 with a 3.81 ERA in 15 starts. Weathers is 9-21 with a 5.18 ERA in 61 career games (46 starts).

Toronto Blue Jays Betting Preview

Over on the Blue Jays’ side, they played the Boston Red Sox this past week. Toronto lost the first pair in that set before a 6-1 Wednesday win. On Saturday the Jays were out-hit 11-4 in the loss.

As starter for Sunday the Blue Jays didn’t immediately announce a name.

Total Runs Facts
Eleven of the Marlins' last 12 games against American League opponents have gone OVER the total runs line.
Four of the Blue Jays' last five day games after playing the previous day have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 OVER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Marlins' last four games.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Blue Jays' last five Sunday day games against National League opponents.
Toronto Blue Jays Player Prop Facts
Ernie Clement has hit a home run in three of his last four appearances against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. has recorded at least one RBI in three of the Blue Jays' last four home games against opponents that held a losing record.
George Springer has recorded at least one Single in 15 of his last 16 Sunday appearances against teams that held a losing record.
Daulton Varsho has scored at least one run in six of his last seven appearances at Rogers Centre.
Daulton Varsho has recorded at least one hit in each of his last nine appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Daulton Varsho has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Miami Marlins Player Prop Facts
Jonah Bride has hit at least one home run in two of the Marlins' last three games against opponents that held a losing record.
Jonah Bride has recorded at least one RBI in five of the Marlins' last six road games against AL opponents.
Jake Burger has recorded a Double in three of the Marlins' last four road games against AL opponents.
Otto Lopez has recorded at least one Single in each of his last six appearances against AL opponents that held a losing record.
Jake Burger has scored a run in each of the Marlins' last five road games against AL East opponents.
Jonah Bride has recorded at least one hit in each of his last nine appearances against AL opponents.
Jonah Bride has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances against AL opponents.
Miami Marlins vs Toronto Blue Jays Prediction

I might try the Marlins here. Weathers is coming off a good start with one earned on six hits and two walks in 5.0 innings for a win over Minnesota. In his previous start however, Weathers posted five earned runs in 4.1 innings for a loss to the Dodgers.

On Saturday the Marlins posted three runs in both the sixth and eighth innings. Starter Xzavion Curry logged 4.0 innings with one earned run and Darren McCaughan followed up with the other four frames. I like another good effort here.

Andrew’s Pick
Miami Marlins +129
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-29/miami-marlins-vs-toronto-blue-jays-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
