Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
CONCACAF Nations League
St. Vincent vs Montserrat Prediction and Betting Tips | 8th September 2024
St. Vincent vs Montserrat Prediction and Betting Tips | 8th September 2024
By
Kingsley Kobo
Modified Sep 07, 2024 17:40 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
USA v St Vincent & the Grenadines

St. Vincent and the Grenadines will play host to Montserrat at Stadion Antonio Trenidat in the CONCACAF Nations League on Sunday. Both sides are winless in their last three matches.

St. Vincent vs Montserrat Preview

Saint Vincent and the Grenadines will once again compete in League B, like in all their previous campaigns in the CONCACAF Nations League. They have been placed in Group A alongside Montserrat, Bonaire and El Salvador. Earning promotion to League A seems to be the hosts’ top priority in this edition.

Vincy Heat opened their group campaign with a 1-1 draw against Bonaire on Friday, which leaves them third with one point. The hosts are winless in their last three matches, losing twice in the CONCACAF World Cup qualifiers against Suriname (4-1) and El Salvador (3-1). St. Vincent crushed Montserrat 7-0 in their only meeting so far.

Trending

Montserrat are also playing in League B for the fourth consecutive season. They are yet to progress to League A or qualify for the CONCACAF Nations League Finals. They opened their group campaign with a 4-1 home defeat to El Salvador on Thursday. That result leaves the visitors bottom of Group A with zero points.

Emerald Boys will head into this meeting on the back of three straight losses, with 11 goals conceded against three. They lost in the World Cup qualifiers against Nicaragua (4-1) on the road and against Panama (4-2) at home. Montserrat suffered defeats in their last three away matches in all competitions.

St. Vincent vs Montserrat Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
St. Vincent have won twice and lost thrice in their last five matches at home in all competitions.
St. Vincent have scored eight goals and conceded seven in their last five matches.
St. Vincent have played 18 matches in the CONCACAF Nations League, winning six, drawing four and losing eight. Montserrat have also played 18 (W6, D3, L9).
Montserrat have won once, drawn once and lost thrice in their last five matches on the road.
St. Vincent have won twice, drawn once and lost twice in their last five matches while Montserrat have won twice and lost thrice. Form Guide: St. Vincent – D-L-L-W-W, Montserrat – L-L-L-W-W.
St. Vincent vs Montserrat Prediction

St. Vincent will seek to claim maximum points to improve their status in the standings. Losing or drawing at home is not an option.

Montserrat will fight to avoid another setback, which could make life difficult for them going forward. However, they face an uphill battle.

St. Vincent are the favorites based on form and home advantage.

Prediction: St. Vincent 3-1 Montserrat

St. Vincent vs Montserrat Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result – St. Vincent to win

Tip 2: Game to have over 2.5 goals – Yes

Tip 3: St. Vincent to score first – Yes

Tip 4: Montserrat to score - Yes

Quick Links

CONCACAF Nations League Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/st-vincent-vs-montserrat-prediction-betting-tips-8th-september-2024 
 ----- 
