Skip to main content
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App
Home
News
Business
Forum
Island Life
Sports
The Globe
Subscription Services
Site search
SUBSCRIBE
MLB
Derek Jeter offers young Yankees advice during Old-Timers’ Day debut
Gary Phillips | New York Daily News | Tribune News Service
Sep 11, 2023 
Facebook
Twitter
Email

GOOD OL' JETER: Derek Jeter speaks during New York Yankees Old-Timers' Day prior to a game against the Milwaukee Brewers at Yankee Stadium on Saturday, Sept. 9, 2023, in New York. Jim McIsaac/Getty Images/Tribune News Service

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

NEW YORK — Hours before the 75th Old-Timers’ Day kicked off at Yankee Stadium on Saturday, a 20-year-old sought out the franchise’s stars of yesteryear.

Jasson Domínguez, who hopes to cement a similar legacy for himself, had a chance to introduce himself to Derek Jeter, Jorge Posada and Andy Pettitte. Oswald Peraza, meanwhile, seemed giddy over Jeter’s Old-Timers’ Day debut after meeting the former shortstop last year.

“Derek Jeter, for me, was my favorite player,” the 23-year-old Peraza, a shortstop by trade, told the Daily News. “This day, for me, is incredible. I’m very happy.”

It was clear that Anthony Volpe, the Yankees’ actual shortstop and a fan of the team while growing up in New Jersey, is not the only Baby Bomber who grew up idolizing Jeter. But the one-time captain specifically talked about the 22-year-old rookie on Saturday.

Jeter offered a positive review when asked about Volpe.

“I haven’t sat down and watched a lot of full games, but I’ve seen a lot of highlights,” Jeter said. “The thing that probably stands out the most just from talking with different coaches is the fact that whether he’s had an up and down game or week or month offensively, he doesn’t take it to the defensive side. That says a lot about his maturity, but he’s going to get better. It all comes with experience. I think he’s handled himself. It’s tough to play here in New York as a young player when expectation levels are high. But from everything I can tell, the way he handles himself is what stands out the most.”

Volpe and Jeter posed for a photo together before the day came to an end.

While Volpe has had a full season to develop as a major leaguer, the likes of Domínguez, Peraza, Everson Pereira, 22, and Austin Wells, 24, were promoted more recently. If the Yankees’ wildest dreams come true, the youngsters will form a contingent as successful as the Core Four that Jeter was a part of.

That group also included Andy Pettitte, Jorge Posada and Mariano Rivera, who shared a podium with Jeter on Saturday.

Jeter, a Hall of Famer, five-time champion, and member of the 3,000-hit club, debuted at age 21 in 1995 before locking down a roster spot the following season. He spent much of his 20s in New York City’s spotlight, so he knows what the Yankees’ newcomers are going through as they adjust to life in the majors.

His advice?

“Have fun,” Jeter said. “What I’ve told young players, even during my career when they come up, is it’s the same game. There’s just more people in the stands. I think sometimes you get up to this level, you try to do things a little bit differently. But you have to be yourself. Don’t try to do something that you’re not accustomed to. But you have to enjoy yourself and try to improve each and every day. Bottom line here is you've got to win, so that’s the thing you should be focused on.”

Jeter, meanwhile, seemed to be enjoying his first Old-Timers’ Day, which did not feature a game for him to play in.

“Nope,” Jeter rapidly responded when the Core Four was asked if anyone wanted to suit up on Saturday, but he appeared to be having a good time.

His one critique of Old-Timers’ Day?

“I’m working on rebranding the name,” the 49-year-old joked before turning slightly serious.

“I run into New Yorkers every day,” Jeter continued, “and they’ll say thank you for the championships that we won. So it is a special feeling to be here at Yankee Stadium, introduced at the game formerly known as Old-Timers’ Day.”

(0 Ratings)
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Sports Baseball Armed Forces Trade Entertainment Job Market
Most Popular
 Articles
Officials address a belief that Hawaii buys 1-way trips to Guam for homeless people
Man found sleeping at fast-food drive-thru is charged with DUI
Suspect allegedly takes cellphone, threatens to throw 2 men off roof
Delegate: New Social Security law will benefit Guam retirees
Crash sends 2 to hospital
GVB should ‘take the lead’ in finding out how homeless people arrive, says Lujan
19-year-old arrested for allegedly spray-painting graffiti on Toto Gardens homes
Ex-officer asks assault case be dismissed
Taitague requests immediate Homeland Security oversight
Adriatico decision to be considered in the sentencing of a 21-year-old sex offender
Business
GRMC welcomes one of 2 gastroenterologists with specialty in liver care

Guam Regional Medical City is excited to announce the addition of Dr. Supannee "Jill' Rassameehiran, a board-certified gastroenterologist, hepatologist and liver transplant specialist, GRMC said in a press release. Rassameehiran is a specialist in treating patients with conditions that affec…

M-80 Systems Inc. Guam acquires Furniture-Kathy Style

M-80 Systems Inc., a leading provider of innovative office furniture solutions, is excited to announce its acquisition of Furniture-Kathy Style, a well-established residential furniture retailer based in Guam, M-80 said in a press release. This strategic acquisition marks a significant expan…

The Guam Women’s Chamber announces 2025 executives

Hagåtña, Guam – The Guam Women’s Chamber of Commerce (GWCC) has announced its board-elected executive officers for 2025. This accomplished team will lead the chamber in advancing its mission to empower women in business through advocacy, mentorship and networking.

Spots on The Rock
Coasting the northeast
Beached by the bay
Just around the river bend to Tarzan Swim Hole
Hiker safety in the spotlight
Sunsets only on Guam
A daring and draining expedition
Find your roots at Fuha
Plan your escape route from routine
A coastal cruise from Gun Beach to Tanguisson Beach
Sharing the greatness of Guam
The Scoop
USS Theodore Roosevelt brings 6,000 sailors, locals back to Guam
Cruz wins middle school science fair, heads to national competition
Cruz wins middle school science fair, heads to national competition
Day 2 of Mo'na Manhoben Youth Summit to be held Saturday
Responsible fishing will help ensure tradition remains for future generations
Residents can volunteer, donate, and adopt at GAIN to celebrate National Puppy Day
International students return to UOG campus
Career Tech aims to teach students career, life skills
Latter-day Saints youths hold Barrigada car wash
Young Guamanians share concerns on proposed hotel project
Photo Gallery
Gallery: Beach volleyball championship match
Okkodo High's Class of 2021
2 missing wallets, 2 acts of honesty
Top Guam Stories of 2020
Biba Santa Marian Kamalen
Video Gallery
Arrest made in viral video machete attack
GPD still looking into Mangilao hit-and-run
Ginger Cruz discusses her phone call with James Moylan and her outlook for the future
James Moylan speaks briefly about his phone call with Ginger Cruz and his outlook moving forward
James Moylan takes a call from Ginger Cruz conceding the race for delegate
Weekly Online Poll

Poll results are published every Monday in The Guam Daily Post.

With the 38th Guam Legislature now inaugurated, what should be its first priority?
Hospital
Tourism
Crime
Schools
Vote View Results
Sports
Ayuri Sugahara, David Perry quickest at Cross Island Run
Madrazo twins lead Islanders in Clutch preseason tournament win
Morrico fuels Guam Volleyball Federation’s journey to the 2025 Pacific Mini Games
Movies
Pamela Anderson dazzles in Vegas drama ‘The Last Showgirl’
‘The Brutalist’ is an epic tale of American building and belonging
‘A Complete Unknown’ leaves Dylan’s mystery blowing in the wind
Technology
Monstrous tech show opening in Las Vegas
Why it is impossible to make a car without China, regardless of proposed Trump tariffs
The latest housing scam: Using artificial intelligence to impersonate agent, lender
Food
Smart shortcuts coax big flavor out of a speedy chickpea noodle soup
How dense bean salads became a protein-packed recipe sensation
This roasted vegetable bibimbap brings balance to every bite
Lifestyle
A love story that’s not quite a romance
A fond farewell: There's never been a TV detective quite like ITV's 'Vera'
Oscars 2025: Who's in for supporting actor and actress?
Sections
Home
News
The Globe
Forum
Sports
Community
Multimedia
Online Features
Local Events
Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Advertising
Subscribe
e-Edition
Promote Your Event
Contact Information
www.PostGuam.com
388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301
Tamuning, Guam 96913
Phone: (671) 649-1924
Email: webmaster@postguam.com

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.postguam.com/sports/nation/derek-jeter-offers-young-yankees-advice-during-old-timers-day-debut/article_521e1dc2-4f66-11ee-9d1a-ff7476f13661.html 
 ----- 
