Skip to content
25°
Cleveland, OH
News
Live
First Alert Weather
Video
Closings
3 Weather Alerts In Effect
Dismiss Weather Alerts Alerts Bar
Thomas hits 3-run homer in 5-0 Guardians win, dealing White Sox 113th loss
Cleveland Guardians' Lane Thomas celebrates in the dugout after hitting a three-run home run during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox Tuesday, Sept. 10, 2024, in Chicago. (AP Photo/Melissa Tamez)(Melissa Tamez | AP)
By The Associated Press
Published: Sep. 11, 2024 at 2:44 AM UTC

CHICAGO (AP) — Lane Thomas hit a three-run homer and Cleveland’s bullpen was terrific once again, helping the Guardians beat the Chicago White Sox 5-0 on Tuesday night after Ben Lively departed with a leg injury.

At 33-113, the White Sox are closing in on the post-1900 record for losses — 120 by the 1962 New York Mets in their inaugural season.

Thomas also doubled and scored on Kyle Manzardo’s second-inning single. With two on and one out in the sixth, he drove Gus Varland’s second pitch deep to left-center for his third homer since he was acquired from Washington on July 29.

Six Cleveland relievers combined for seven innings of four-hit ball after Lively departed with a bruised right thigh. Pedro Avila (6-1) got six outs for the win.

Led by Thomas and their reliable bullpen, the AL Central-leading Guardians stayed 3 1/2 games ahead of second-place Kansas City.

Chicago was shut out for the 17th time, finishing with five hits. It has dropped a franchise-record 14 straight at home.

The 32-year-old Lively was hit on the outside of his right leg by Dominic Fletcher’s liner in the second. The ball deflected to first baseman Josh Naylor, who stepped on the bag for the final out of the inning.

After Avila departed, Eli Morgan, Cade Smith, Tim Herrin, Hunter Gaddis and Erik Sabrowski combined to close it out.

Cleveland’s bullpen began the day with a 36-11 record and a major league-best 2.80 ERA.

White Sox rookie Jonathan Cannon (3-10) was charged with three runs and seven hits in 5 1/3 innings.

Varland got two outs before Sean Burke pitched three innings in his major league debut. The right-hander, brought up from Triple-A Charlotte, allowed one run and three hits.

Burke, a third-round pick in the 2021 amateur draft who was hampered by shoulder soreness last year, likely will make at least one start for Chicago in the final part of the season.

“It’s been a little bit of a roller coaster,” Burke said. “But it all paid off and I think everything happens for a reason. I’m just happy to be here now.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Guardians: RHP Alex Cobb (blister on his right middle finger) is throwing weighted balls, and manager Stephen Vogt said the team is going day to day with the pitcher. LHP Joey Cantillo is in line to start on Saturday. “If Cobb can come back, then we’ll figure that out,” Vogt said. ... LHP Sam Hentges is going to have shoulder surgery on Sept. 18. Dr. Neal ElAttrache is going to perform the operation in Los Angeles, and Hentges is expected to be sidelined for about a year.

White Sox: RHP Drew Thorpe said his season-ending elbow surgery went as expected. “Should have a normal offseason and be ready to go for next year,” he said. ... INF Brooks Baldwin (right wrist sprain) “still hurts kind of when he hits,” said interim manager Grady Sizemore. “Want to make sure, even though the scans and X-rays look good, that he’s not swinging through pain and creating more problems,” Sizemore said.

UP NEXT

Guardians left-hander Matthew Boyd (2-1, 2.20 ERA) and White Sox right-hander Davis Martin (0-3, 3.29 ERA) take the mound for Wednesday’s series finale. Boyd has a 1.50 ERA over his last three starts, striking out 18 in 18 innings. Martin is 0-2 with a 2.53 ERA over his last six outings.

Copyright 2024 The Associated Press. All rights reserved.

Pet owner sues vet after she says surgical tools were left inside her...
Police release bodycam footage of shootout with Bourbon Street attac...
WallStreet Viral
|
Sponsored by Taboola
Onverkochte koelkasten weggegeve n voor bijna niets. Bekijk de prijzen!
VIDEO: Massillon man convicted of more than a dozen OVIs runs from...
ODOT investigating after an uptick in crashes at Dead Man’s Curve
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwaar de.
Kia
|
Sponsored
Gezondheid: Senioren zijn dol op deze kousen en zeggen dat ze niet meer...
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
Groningen: Onverkochte relax stoelen worden bijna wegge...
Local Plan
|
Sponsored
Meer lezen
Beyond Text Generation: An AI Tool That Helps You Write...
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Install Now
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probe er deze truc van 5 seconden...
GlucoSerenity
|
Sponsored
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektris che auto's kopen, zie prijslijst
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Windenergie besser als Elektri sche Energie? 
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis auto...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren weten niet hoe ze kunnen besparen op hun...
Go find you
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Most Read
 Animals, staff safe after fire at Cleveland Metroparks Zoo
 Akron teenager kidnapped, held in basement while friends attacked and robbed her, police say
 Ohio woman killed, partially eaten by neighbor’s pigs
 Mantua officer files lawsuit against Portage Co. Sheriff’s Office for ‘outrageous’ child endangerment case
 Cleveland Heights grandmother murdered in her own home identified, teen also shot
 16-year-old boy dies after falling through Wayne County pond while ice skating
Cleveland woman arrested in connection to street takeovers
 Cleveland Metropolitan School District coach killed in crash on West Virginia Turnpike
Latest News
Guardians reach one-year deals with Steven Kwan and Lane Thomas
 Guardians trade Josh Naylor to Diamondbacks, bring back Carlos Santana
 Chris Antonetti on Andres Gimenez deal: ‘Trades like this are hard’
 Schwab says: Thank goodness they dumped that contract
 Shane Bieber talks decision to re-sign with Guardians
 Guardians’ Tom Hamilton named 2025 Ford C. Frick Award Winner
Guardians’ Tom Hamilton named 2025 Ford C. Frick Award Winner
Detroit Tigers sign RHP Alex Cobb to $15 million, 1-year contract
Home
News
First Alert Weather
Sports
Traffic
Health
Food
Community
Contact Us
WOIO
1717 E. 12th Street
Cleveland, OH 44114
(216) 771-1943
Public Inspection File
FCC Applications
publicfile@woio.com - (216) 367-7535
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
EEO Report
Advertising
Digital Marketing
Closed Captioning/Audio Description Problems
Persons With Disabilities
At Gray, our journalists report, write, edit and produce the news content that informs the communities we serve. Click here to learn more about our approach to artificial intelligence.
A Gray Local Media Station © 2002-2025
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland19.com/2024/09/11/thomas-hits-3-run-homer-5-0-guardians-win-dealing-white-sox-113th-loss/ 
 ----- 
