Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Soto raves about electric playoff atmosphere at Yankee Stadium
Share
Soto raves about electric playoff atmosphere at Yankee Stadium
Plus: Rizzo mentors fill-in first basemen; Rodón ready for Game 2 start
October 7th, 2024

Bryan Hoch

@BryanHoch
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

NEW YORK – From the first day Juan Soto set foot in the Yankee Stadium outfield, dressed neck to ankles in pinstripes, the season has become an absolute lovefest for the celebrated slugger. His every line drive, throw or shuffle has prompted cheers from a crowd that simultaneously adores his presence and hopes to convince him to return for an encore.

It came as no surprise, then, that Soto continued to delight in his Yankees playoff debut. Soto collected three hits and picked up an outfield assist in the Yankees’ 6-5 victory over the Royals in Game 1 of the American League Division Series on Saturday evening, then gushed about a sellout crowd in the Bronx that he felt was “electric.”

“It was really cool, really fun,” Soto said. “I think the fans showed up [Saturday], and it was really, really exciting.”

Soto heard among the loudest ovations from a crowd of 48,790 during pre-game introductions, including from one fan in the front row of the right-field seats who waved an oversized blank check in the 25-year-old’s direction.

While Soto’s blockbuster free agency will present a daily topic for pundits to tackle during the winter -- will the asking price be $500 million? $600 million? -- he said that the coming payday is not on his mind.

“Right now, we’re focused on the playoffs,” Soto said. “We’re talking about trying to get another championship, to go out there and do our best to bring another championship to New York.”

In the first inning, Soto flared a double to left field, setting the Yankees up with a two-on, none-out opportunity they failed to capitalize on. He saved a run for Gerrit Cole in the second inning, making a strong throw home on an MJ Melendez single to cut down Salvador Perez attempting to score from second base.

After a groundout in the third inning, Soto stroked a fifth-inning single that helped stock the bases for a pair of run-scoring walks later in the frame. He added a sixth-inning single, becoming the 10th player in franchise history to record three hits in their first postseason game with the Yankees (last achieved by DJ LeMahieu in the 2019 ALDS).

Related
Goldy looks to guide younger Yanks: 'Somebody taught it to me'

4:32 PM UTC

Why a DJ reprise in '25 wouldn't surprise Yanks

January 7th, 2025

4 reasons why CC Sabathia should be a Hall of Famer

January 6th, 2025

The top 25 free agents this offseason

January 7th, 2025

The 10 signature players of the 2024 season

December 23rd, 2024

Which Met -- past or present -- will get number retired after Wright?

December 17th, 2024

“When he goes up there, it doesn’t matter who is pitching for the other team,” said catcher Austin Wells. “He’s going to get on base, and if he doesn’t, he’s going to be a tough out. He really wears out pitching staffs. I’m glad he’s on our team.”

Soto said that his relationship with the fans, especially those behind him in right field, has been everything he anticipated.

“I was expecting the best, and that’s what they’ve been giving me all year long,” Soto said. “It’s really fun to be playing for those fans. They’ve been there day in, day out, every out, every inning. It’s just been incredible.”

Wax on, wax off

Oswaldo Cabrera is still enough of a neophyte at first base that he has not ordered his own glove, carrying a LeMahieu model to the position for Friday’s ALDS Game 1. Yet he has one of the league’s best tutors in Anthony Rizzo, who has been helping all of the club’s fill-in first basemen this season.

“We are like the students and he’s like our Mr. Miyagi,” Cabrera said, referencing the 1984 action movie The Karate Kid. “He’s the guy that is over there, just teaching us, trying to give us advice and different situations that can happen during the game.”

Cabrera’s Game 1 start at first base marked his 18th career game at the position, and his first in the playoffs. Yankees manager Aaron Boone has said that Ben Rice and Jon Berti are also being considered for starts at first base. Rizzo is sidelined with two broken fingers on his right hand but hopes to return for a potential AL Championship Series.

“I just try to be ready for the moments that they need me,” Cabrera said. “Right now, I can be on first, but at any moment I can go to play second [base], shortstop, third [base], left field, right field, whatever. I just want to be ready.”

Said Boone: “That’s what the good utility players do. The really good ones like Oswaldo are able to do that. You can sit over there for a week and not get any action. You’ve got to be ready. He’s just a really good pro.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

A new beginning

Carlos Rodón authored a strong turnaround in his second season with the Yankees, becoming more unpredictable by mixing in other pitches to complement his fastball/slider combination while maintaining his health and making a career-high 32 starts.

It was all done with this month in mind, as Rodón will see his 16-9 record and 3.96 ERA reset with the first pitch of Monday’s ALDS Game 2.

“Last year was rough, as we all know,” Rodón said. “I did not perform the way I should have. I wanted to be better for my teammates. Going into this offseason, we got to work, put our noses to the grindstone, and got after it.

“The biggest thing was to go out there and make every start. I did that. Now, this season is over. We’ve got a new season, it’s the postseason, and that’s what matters now.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
New York Yankees
Juan Soto

Senior Reporter Bryan Hoch has covered the Yankees for MLB.com since 2007.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

2:59 AM UTC

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

12:30 AM UTC

Red Sox one of the favorites to sign Bregman (report)

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

2:56 PM UTC

These are the best relievers in baseball right now

2:02 AM UTC

Can this AL West team swoop in on Sasaki?

January 8th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/juan-soto-on-playoff-atmosphere-at-yankee-stadium 
 ----- 
