We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1467 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
Please note that this website/app uses one or more Google services and may gather and store information including but not limited to your visit or usage behaviour. You may click to grant or deny consent to Google and its third-party tags to use your data for below specified purposes in below Google consent section.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE
Win a Nintendo Switch OLED with Siliconera Speaks Up! →
Search
Dark Mode
Expand Menu
Cancel
NINTENDO
EXPAND NINTENDO
PLAYSTATION
EXPAND PLAYSTATION
XBOX
EXPAND XBOX
REVIEWS
About
Contact Us
Site Rules
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
rss
reddit
twitter
facebook
youtube
©Eiichiro Oda/Shueisha, Toei Animation.
Category:
NEWS
Boston Red Sox One Piece Night Includes Luffy Bobblehead
Jenni Lada

Published: Aug 27, 2024 8:40 PM UTC

The Boston Red Sox One Piece Night is August 28, 2024, and Toei Animation again teased the Luffy bobblehead some attendees will get and activities everyone at the game can enjoy. As a reminder, the bobble head of the character in the team jersey is only available to those who bought their ticket from the special promotional page.

RECOMMENDED VIDEOS

The concept art mock-up for the Luffy bobblehead features him in his trademark straw hat. He also has a yellow belt and his sandals on. However, his shirt is a red Boston Red Sox jersey, rather than one of his typical ones. He’s also holding a baseball bat in his right hand, and the base shows him stepping onto home base.

Here’s how that design might end up looking:

©Eiichiro Oda/Shueisha, Toei Animation.

Ahead of the game against the Toronto Blue Jays, a tentative schedule was shared. Things will kick off at 4:40, about three hours head of the game. The Sam Adams Deck at Fenway Park will host a cosplay gathering until 6:40pm. In addition, people can try out the One Piece Card Game at the Big Concourse until 8pm ET. The game itself is expected to start at 7:10pm ET. 

This is the second year in a row there’s been a collaboration event between a US sports team and One Piece. In December 2023, the Los Angeles Rams had a game day honoring the series. There was imagery around the stadium, music appeared, and people could get special items like a bag.

The Boston Red Sox One Piece Night with Luffy bobblehead will be held on August 28, 2024. The anime is on both Netflix and Crunchyroll. Viz Media handles the manga outside of Japan. The first season of the One Piece live-action adaptation is on Netflix now, with season 2 on the way. 

Post Tag:
BANDAI NAMCO
EUROPE
JAPAN
MERCHANDISE
NORTH AMERICA
ONE PIECE
TOEI ANIMATION
Siliconera is supported by our audience. When you purchase through links on our site, we may earn a small affiliate commission. 
Learn more about our Affiliate Policy
Join The Conversation ( )
AUTHOR
Close
Jenni Lada
Jenni is Editor-in-Chief at Siliconera and has been playing games since getting access to her parents' Intellivision as a toddler. She continues to play on every possible platform and loves all of the systems she owns. (These include a PS4, Switch, Xbox One, WonderSwan Color and even a Vectrex!) You may have also seen her work at GamerTell, Cheat Code Central, Michibiku and PlayStation LifeStyle.
twitter
The unseen side of gaming.
rss
reddit
twitter
facebook
youtube
About Us
Contact Us
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Send us tips
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Sign up for the Siliconera newsletter
By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy
2025, Siliconera
Powered by GAMURS Group
Push notifications for featured articles at Siliconera. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.siliconera.com/boston-red-sox-one-piece-night-includes-luffy-bobblehead/ 
 ----- 
