Skip to content
Search for:
Search


News & Information
FEATURES
Hello Houston
inDepth
TOPICS
Local News
Texas
Education News
Politics
Criminal Justice
Transportation
Energy & Environment
Weather
Hurricane Tracker
All Stories >>>
ARTS & CULTURE
Arts & Culture Main
Classical Music
Music
Opera & Musical Theater
Dance
Visual Art
Literature
Theatre & Film
Voices and Verses: A Poem-A-Day Series
AWARENESS
Hispanic Heritage
Pride Month: Better Together!
Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage
Black History
Women’s History
Education
Programs & Podcasts
LOCAL PROGRAMS
Party Politics
Houston Matters with Craig Cohen
I SEE U
Texas Standard
UH
100 Years of Houston
Bauer Business Focus
Briefcase
Engines of Our Ingenuity
Health Matters
UH Moment
FEATURES
Dead and Buried
Career Frontier
PODCASTS
Below the Waterlines: Houston After Hurricane Harvey
Party Politics
Skyline Sessions
Encore Houston
All Podcasts >>
Support
MEMBERSHIP
Update Payment Method
Upgrade Your Monthly Gift
Give a Gift Membership
GIVING PROGRAMS
Affinity Council
Studio Society
In Tempore Legacy Society
Innovation Fund
VOLUNTEERS
Foundation Board
Young Leaders Council
Mission Ambassadors
DONATIONS
TV Thank-You Gifts
Vehicle Donation
Giving Opportunities
Employee Match Program
More Ways to Give
PARTNERSHIPS
Corporate Sponsorship
About
About Us
Meet the Team
Join the Team
Contact Us
Digital Destiny
Ethics and Standards
Reports & Financials
Press Room
Request a Tour
Listen
Watch
Donate
SPORTS
Astros overcome slow start to 2024 season, win 4th straight AL West title 

The Houston Astros have clinched their fourth straight AL West title with a 4-3 win over the Seattle Mariners, overcoming a terrible start to reach the playoffs for an eighth consecutive year.

Kristie Rieken, AP | 
Posted On
September 25, 2024, 11:09 AM
Facebook
Twitter/X
LinkedIn
Email
Rob Salinas
The Astros celebrate winning the American League West after defeating Seattle.

HOUSTON (AP) — Trailing the Seattle Mariners by 10 games in mid-June, the Houston Astros were undoubtedly down.

But first-year manager Joe Espada worked every day to remind his team it was far from out.

"’We got this,’" he recalled telling the players. "’We are a good team. We’ve just got to go on a hot streak and we'll turn this around.’"

Then a champagne-soaked Espada paused for a beat before continuing.

"And we did," he said.

The Astros clinched their fourth straight AL West title with a 4-3 win over the Mariners on Tuesday night, overcoming a terrible start to reach the playoffs for an eighth consecutive year.

"We started off super slow and we had to grind for it all year long," third baseman Alex Bregman said. "And the guys just put their heads down, never stopped believing and kept faith and kept going."

The Astros are the first team to win the AL West in four straight seasons since Oakland won five times in a row from 1971-75. It's the first time they've won four consecutive division titles, after winning three in a row on two previous occasions (1997-99 and 2017-19).

And it’s the seventh AL West crown in eight seasons for the Astros. The only time they were beaten out during that stretch was by Oakland during a 2020 season shortened to 60 games because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Houston limped out to a 7-19 record and trailed Seattle by a season-high 10 games on June 18. But the Astros won their next seven to start a 13-2 stretch as they improved to 46-42 by July 5.

They moved past the Mariners into first place in mid-August and cruised home to their latest division crown by going 79-53 after that awful 26-game stretch.

The Astros overcame numerous injuries to return to the postseason in their first year under Espada, who was hired as a first-time manager after Dusty Baker's retirement.

"I never lost hope," Espada said. "But when it comes to winning, you know how to win and you've got the right ingredients to win, you don't mess that up. You’ve got to protect it and that's what we've done."

Houston's rotation was decimated by injuries early, with José Urquidy and Cristian Javier both undergoing Tommy John surgery in June, and Framber Valdez missing most of April with elbow inflammation.

The injuries forced the Astros to insert Ronel Blanco and rookie Spencer Arrighetti into the rotation. Blanco threw a no-hitter in his season debut and is second on the team with 12 wins and a 2.88 ERA. Arrighetti has made 28 starts and was selected AL rookie of the month for August after going 3-2 with a 1.95 ERA.

Hunter Brown, in his second MLB season, went 11-9 with a 3.49 ERA to help steady the rotation during a year when three-time Cy Young Award winner Justin Verlander made just 16 starts due to injuries.

"The young starters that stepped up, Hunter, Spencer, Ronel — those three guys right there — we for sure wouldn't be here without them," Verlander said. "You have a role to fill and lo and behold, somebody steps up and does a great job and that's why we're here."

But the team’s problems weren't limited to pitching. Houston was left scrambling to find an answer at first base after releasing veteran José Abreu with $30.8 million remaining on his contract after he hit .124 through June 13. The lineup went almost three months without Kyle Tucker after the All-Star right fielder fractured his right shin on a foul ball June 3.

Yet the Astros found a way to overcome those obstacles and get back to the playoffs again, as they aim for a third World Series championship after winning in 2017 and 2022.

"This is awesome," Tucker said. "This is what you play for, get to the postseason and have a chance at a World Series. Every year is special. You never know when you're going to have this opportunity again or if at all. So you just try and cherish the moment and keep working hard."

Houston, which has reached seven consecutive AL Championship Series, captured two other pennants during that stretch before losing World Series matchups with Washington in 2019 and Atlanta in 2021.

Houston
Local
News
Sports
Astros
Baseball
Houston Astros
Support Comes From
RELATED
A win, a loss, and a big trade: Tracking a wild 72 hours in Houston sports
Astros trading All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker to Cubs
‘Hader’s Heart Toy Drive’ and BEAR expected to provide gifts for at-risk Houston children
Houston Astros’ Minute Maid Park renamed Daikin Park in new 15-year deal
MOST VIEWED
Harris County Jail officials didn’t search inmate’s wheelchair containing handgun, state report says
Warrant issued for Houston YouTuber’s arrest on aggravated kidnapping charges
Trump says he will change the name of the Gulf of Mexico
Conroe mayor says he’ll ignore new public comment rules passed by city council
Support Comes From
Kristie Rieken, AP
Conact
OTHER STORIES BY KRISTIE
Collins has 2 TD catches, Texans force 4 turnovers in 20-12 win over Dolphins
Texans' Azeez Al-Shaair suspended 3 games without pay after violent hit on Trevor Lawrence
Houston's Al-Shaair apologizes for hit on Jacksonville's Lawrence that led to concussion
Texas and Texas A&M renew their rivalry in clash for an SEC title game spot

More Articles by This Author

Resources like these are made possible by the generosity of our community of donors, foundations, and corporate partners. Join others and make your gift to Houston Public Media today!


DONATE

 

Sign up for our daily weekday newsletter - Hello, Houston!


SIGN UP NOW
Features
Hello Houston
Coronavirus News and Resources
News 88.7 inDepth
Storm Ready
Topic
Local News
Statewide News
Business
Energy & Environment
Health & Science
Immigration
Art & Culture
Arts & Culture
Classical Music
Opera & Musical Theater
Dance
Visual Art
Voices and Verses: A Poem-A-Day Series
Awareness
Black History Month
Pride Month: Better Together!
Asian American Pacific Islander Heritage
Black History
Women’s History
Programs & podcasts
Local Programs
Party Politics
I SEE U
Houston Matters with Craig Cohen
UH
100 Years of Houston
Bauer Business Focus
Briefcase
Engines of our Ingenuity
Health Matters
UH Moment
Education
Houston Public Media Kids
PBS Kids for Parents
PBS Learning Media
Podcasts
Below the Waterlines: Houston After Hurricane Harvey
Party Politics
Skyline Sessions
Encore Houston
Support
Membership
Update Payment Method
Upgrade your Monthly Gift
Give a Gift Membership
Giving Programs
Affinity Council
Giving Societies
In Tempore Legacy Society
Innovation Fund
Other Ways to Give
Vehicle Donation
Employee Match Program
More Ways to Give
Volunteers
Foundation Board
Young Leaders Council
Mission Ambassadors
Partnerships
Corporate Partnership
CPB Compliance
FCC Station Information
FCC Applications
KUHF Public File
KUHT Public File
Ethics and Standards
Privacy Policy
Additional Disclosures
About
Careers
Commitment
Contact Us
TV
Radio
News
Shows

Houston Public Media is supported with your gifts to the Houston Public Media Foundation and is licensed to the University of Houston

© 2025 Houston Public Media

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
LinkedIn
Mastodon
Texas.gov
Texas Homeland Security
TRAIL
Fraud Reporting
Fraud & Non-Compliance Hotline
Linking Notice
Privacy Notice
Open Records/Public Information Act
Institutional Résumé
Required Reports
Electronic & Information Resources Accessibility
Discrimination and Sexual Misconduct Reporting and Awareness
University Policies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.houstonpublicmedia.org/articles/news/sports/2024/09/25/500972/astros-overcome-slow-start-to-2024-season-win-4th-straight-al-west-title/ 
 ----- 
