Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Bregman receives hero's send-off in Astros' last regular-season home game
Share
Bregman receives hero's send-off in Astros' last regular-season home game
September 25th, 2024

Brian McTaggart

@brianmctaggart
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

HOUSTON -- When the Astros took the field on defense to start the fourth inning Wednesday afternoon, veteran Alex Bregman stood alone at third base. The Minute Maid Park speakers blared “Wanna Be a Baller” by Lil’ Troy, one of his walk-up songs, while he was shown on the video board.

“I was just told right before [that] it was going to happen,” Bregman said. “I didn’t really know.”

It wasn’t until Astros manager Joe Espada came out with the lineup card that the crowd began to understand, too. Espada pulled Bregman from the game, earning him an opportunity -- perhaps for the last time in the regular season -- to get an ovation from the fans who have seen him evolve from a can’t-miss rookie in 2016 to a cornerstone player on two World Series championship teams.

Wednesday’s 8-1 loss to the Mariners, which came a day after the Astros beat Seattle to clinch the American League West title and lock up the No. 3 seed in the AL playoffs, wasn’t Bregman’s final home game. The Astros will play host to the best-of-three AL Wild Card Series, beginning Tuesday at Minute Maid Park.

“It’s Fan Appreciation Day so why not show some appreciation for one of our best players who’s entering free agency?” Espada said. “I just wanted the fans to give him a standing O. Well-deserved.”

Complete postseason coverage: Bracket, key games and more

Bregman joins Jose Altuve, Justin Verlander and injured pitcher Lance McCullers Jr. as the only holdovers who played on both of Houston’s World Series championship teams in 2017 and ‘22.

“Super thankful for all the fans here over the years,” Bregman said. “They’ve been amazing. I wish we could have won today, but we’ll go up to Cleveland hopefully win a few games, get on a roll and get going for the postseason.”

Simply put, Bregman is the team’s greatest third baseman and is easily a top 10 player in franchise history.

On the all-time Astros hitting charts, Bregman ranks sixth in homers (191), seventh in doubles (263), eighth in runs (694) and extra-base hits (472), ninth in RBIs (662) and total bases (2,001) and 11th in hits (1,127). His 19 career postseason homers are tied for the sixth most in postseason history.

Related
Astros avoid arbitration with Valdez, all 7 other eligible players

2:09 AM UTC

Astros add pitching prospect Linskey in trade with D-backs

January 8th, 2025

This 18-inning Astros-Braves marathon is worth a revisit

January 8th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

The top 25 free agents this offseason

January 7th, 2025

Where will these 5 prominent free agents land?

January 3rd, 2025

“There's qualities that you look for in a winning player and Breggy has all of them,” Espada said. “He cares about his teammates, No. 1. He’s a winner, the way he works, he cares about the city, he cares about small things that sometimes you don’t think about. Breggy’s always thinking about that.

“He’s in the cage helping his teammates, helping the pitchers and how they approach hitters. He’s just a complete player. Not only what he does on the field, but off the field, he’s a complete player. It’s been great being around him for seven years. Let’s not make this like we’re never going to see him again. But I thought today was a perfect day just for the fans to show some love and respect for one of our best players.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Astros suffered their first loss this season with Yusei Kikuchi on the mound, finishing 46-35 at home this year. Kikuchi went six innings and allowed four hits and struck out eight batters while allowing two unearned runs, which came as the result of an error by rookie and No. 14 prospect Shay Whitcomb.

Whitcomb, who replaced Bregman at third base, set a club record with four errors. That’s the most in the big leagues since Marco Scutaro had four for the A’s on July 6, 2007, against Seattle.

“This kid is a sure-handed third baseman,” Espada said. “He’s done it in the Minor Leagues. It’s one of those days. I’ve seen really good third basemen in my years in the big leagues that have days like that. Just got to turn the page.”

Bregman said no one on the club has lost faith in Whitcomb, who was named the team’s Minor League Player of the Year earlier this week.

“Those are the kind of moments that make you go out and take ground balls the next day and bounce back and get back up and do it again,” Bregman said. “We were talking about it yesterday after being down 10 games [in the division in June]. It’s a game of failure, and you’ve got to have a short memory in this game and continue to get after it and grind.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Houston Astros
Alex Bregman

Supervising Club Reporter Brian McTaggart has covered the Astros since 2004, and for MLB.com since 2009.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/alex-bregman-gets-standing-ovation-in-final-astros-2024-home-game 
 ----- 
