Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
US winter storms
TikTok ban
NFL: Rams vs. Vikings
SPORTS
Mariners continue fight for AL wild card with 8-1 win over Astros
1 of 4 |  

Seattle Mariners’ Justin Turner hits a two-run RBI single against the Houston Astros during the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Michael Wyke)

2 of 4 |  

Seattle Mariners starting pitcher George Kirby throws against the Houston Astros during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Michael Wyke)

3 of 4 |  

Houston Astros starting pitcher Yusei Kikuchi throws against the Seattle Mariners during the first inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Michael Wyke)

4 of 4 |  

Seattle Mariners’ Dylan Moore (25) and Victor Robles, right, celebrate after they both scored on a two-run RBI single by Justin Turner against the Houston Astros during the sixth inning of a baseball game Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Houston. (AP Photo/Michael Wyke)

Read More
BY  KRISTIE RIEKEN
Updated 10:03 PM UTC, September 25, 2024
Share

HOUSTON (AP) — Mitch Garver and Julio Rodríguez homered, and the Seattle Mariners took advantage of five Houston errors during an 8-1 victory over the Astros on Wednesday.

Seattle (82-77) won for the fifth time in seven games as it tries to rally into an AL wild card. It is chasing Detroit and Kansas City for one of the last two spots.

“We’ve got three now to go and we just keep grinding,” manager Dan Wilson said. “We’ve got everything right in front of us. Three games that we have to win and probably have to get some help along the way, too. But we’ve just got to do what we do and not worry about anything else.”

The Mariners were down 1-0 before rallying in the sixth. Dylan Moore reached on the first of four errors by rookie third baseman Shay Whitcomb, who entered in the fourth. Victor Robles walked and Cal Raleigh hit a one-out single to load the bases.

Justin Turner then extended his on-base streak to 20 consecutive games with his single on a line drive to left field that scored two.

Garver opened the seventh with his 14th homer on a line drive into the seats in left field. The Mariners added two more runs in the inning thanks to three errors by the Astros, including two more by Whitcomb.

RELATED STORIES
Cubs trade for Astros All-Star outfielder Kyle Tucker
Christian Walker agrees to $60 million, 3-year contract with Astros, AP source says
Houston Astros welcome 1B Christian Walker to team; say negotiations with Bregman stalled

“Offensively we had some breaks later, we took advantage of some of their miscues,” Wilson said. “We were able to keep adding on later in the game.”

A fourth error by Whitcomb allowed Moore to reach with no outs in the ninth, and he scored on a double by Robles. Rodríguez then hit his 20th homer of the season.

“I’ll have a conversation with (Whitcomb) but we’ll turn the page,” Astros manager Joe Espada said. “This is a sure-handed third baseman. He’s done it in the minor leagues.”

Yusei Kikuchi (9-10) struck out eight in six innings in his first loss with Houston. He was charged with two unearned runs and four hits.

The Astros won Kikuchi’s first nine starts after he was acquired in a July 29 trade with Toronto. He went 5-0 with a 3.00 ERA during that stretch.

George Kirby (14-11) pitched six innings of four-hit ball in his third consecutive win for Seattle. He struck out six and walked one.

Victor Caratini hit an RBI single in the third for the Astros, who played without many of their regulars a day after clinching their fourth straight AL West title.

There was a special moment for Alex Bregman in the fourth inning of what could be his final regular-season home game at Minute Maid Park. He is eligible for free agency after this season.

Bregman trotted out to third base, but Espada lifted him for a defensive replacement before the inning started. Bregman slowly walked to the dugout as he received a standing ovation. He paused before entering the dugout and tipped his cap to the crowd.

He admitted that the moment got to him.

“A little bit,” he said. “But I’m trying to just stay focused on the postseason, to be honest with you. Maybe at the end of the year we’ll be able to look back and reflect on it, but right now my mindset is win.”

Selected by Houston with the No. 2 pick in the 2015 amateur draft, Bregman has spent his entire career with the Astros.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Astros: OF/DH Yordan Alvarez will not travel with the team on its upcoming road trip, instead staying in Houston to receive treatment on his sprained right knee. Espada said Alvarez had improved Wednesday and that some of the swelling had subsided since he was injured on a slide Sunday.

UP NEXT

Mariners: Open a three-game series against the Athletics on Friday night in Seattle.

Astros: Traveling to Cleveland for a three-game series starting Friday night.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18...
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Jimmy Carter's funeral brings together 5 current and former US presidents to honor one of their own
What ignited the deadly Califor nia wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilitie s
Skip Ad
Ad 
 Unmute
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Discover Effortless Glucose Monitoring: Request a Free Trial
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Try Now
Get a Balance Transfer Card Now & Pay 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Pl...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
A new book alleges that someon e at Fox News gave Trump's...
A forthcoming book alleges that someone inside Fox News gave Donald Trump’s pr...
AP News
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates hist...
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2 girls
Authorities in Wisconsin say they have captured a man who is charged in the...
AP News
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
New Sleek Low-Cost Tiny Electric Cars Ideal for Pensioners:...
GoFindYou Electric Cars For Seniors
Advertisement:
Learn More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Levels in US
Sugar Reverse:Advertisement
Learn More
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates alternative...
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night long.
PanzerQuest:Advertisement
Game shows what the world without US military interventions would look like
History Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/astros-mariners-score-97bd27649444d8dac19378a94521e9cf 
 ----- 
