Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners Leader Offers Blunt Assessment of Performance in Crucial Loss
The Seattle Mariners lost to the Houston Astros on Tuesday night and J.P. Crawford was critical of his performance.
Brady Farkas | Sep 25, 2024
Seattle Mariners J.P. Crawford in the dugout during the third inning between the Seattle Mariners and the New York Mets at T-Mobile Park on Aug 10. / Steven Bisig-Imagn Images
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

The Seattle Mariners lost to the Houston Astros 4-3 on Tuesday night in Houston. With the loss, the M's are now 81-77. While they still have a miniscule 2.9 percent chance to make the playoffs (per Fangraphs), the loss on Tuesday took them out of any chance to win the American League West, which has now been claimed by the Astros.

Regardless of how this season officially ends, the Mariners will look back at this season as one of missed opportunity. Seattle had a 10.0 game lead in the division as late as June 18th and failed to hold on. There were several games - and series - which will be looked back on as catastrophic in the long run.

The M's had plenty of chances throughout the year to finish the Astros off and they had plenty of chances on Tuesday night as well. Seattle held a 3-1 lead in the fourth inning but couldn't hold on. Furthermore, trailing 4-3 in the sixth, they had runners at second and third but couldn't score as J.P. Crawford struck out and Luke Raley grounded out.

Furthermore, the M's had another chance in the eighth inning but failed to capitalize. They had runners at first and third with one out but Mitch Garver popped up and Crawford struck out against Josh Hader.

After the game, Crawford offered a blunt assessment of his game - and his season. (Warning, some of the language might not be suitable for all readers).

Per Daniel Kramer of MLB.com:

J.P. Crawford, postgame:

“Sh*tty. I didn’t do my job. I’ve got to do better than that. … It’s been a sh*tty year at the plate, plain and simple.”

Crawford has played excellent defense at shortstop but has generally experienced a frustrating year. He was injured at the beginning of the year and missed a month with a broken finger later on. One of the leaders of this team, he's hitting just .202 this season with nine homers and 37 RBI. That pales in comparison to his 2023 that saw him hit .266 with a .380 on-base percentage. He also had 19 home runs.

The Mariners will play the Astros again on Wednesday morning at 11:10 a.m. PT.

RELATED SEATTLE MARINERS CONTENT:

NEW PODCAST IS OUT: The latest episode of the "Refuse to Lose" podcast is out as Brady Farkas talks about the M's win in Houston on Monday night and why it was his favorite win of the year. He also discusses the playoff scenarios and has an in-depth talk with Todd Raleigh, the father of Cal Raleigh, about his son's season, career, upbringing and growth. CLICK HERE:

ATTENDANCE DROP: Fans are not filling T-Mobile Park as much as last season, why? CLICK HERE:

Follow Inside the Mariners on social media

Continue to follow our Inside the Mariners coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following Teren Kowatsch and Brady Farkas on "X" @Teren_Kowatsch and @wdevradiobrady. You can subscribe to the "Refuse to Lose" podcast by clicking HERE:

Published Sep 25, 2024|Modified Sep 25, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/mariners/news/seattle-mariners-leader-jp-crawford-offers-blunt-assessment-of-performance-in-crucial-loss-to-houston-astros 
 ----- 
