Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Really important for us': Mariners stave off elimination with big win
Share
'Really important for us': Mariners stave off elimination with big win
September 26th, 2024

Daniel Kramer

@DKramer_
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

HOUSTON -- Needing to essentially win out to keep their fleeting postseason hopes alive, the Mariners rallied to an 8-1 victory over the Astros on Wednesday afternoon at Minute Maid Park to ensure that they wouldn’t be officially eliminated.

Complete coverage: Mariners’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

Despite wins from both the Royals (84-74) and the Tigers (84-74), the Mariners (82-77) will wake up on Thursday’s off-day back in Seattle still alive in the American League Wild Card race. They trail each of those clubs by 2 1/2 games. But really, it’s 3 1/2, given that each owns a tiebreaker over Seattle, and there are longer any Game 163 implications with the new playoff format introduced in 2022. The Twins (82-76) also won Wednesday to stay a half-game ahead of the Mariners.

“We're in a situation right now that we kind of have to win every single game,” Julio Rodríguez said. “So being able to come out here and in a tough place to play ... especially at this moment, it’s really important for us.”

Rodríguez was front and center for the game’s punctuating moment, in a rematch with Astros reliever Héctor Neris for the first time since last September’s benches-clearing incident in Seattle.

Rodríguez revealed postgame that the two are on good terms again after Neris offered an in-person apology, but the 416-foot homer that he blasted off a splitter in a full count -- his seventh in September and 20th of the season -- nonetheless felt a little sweeter.

With it, Rodríguez joined Bobby Witt Jr. as the only players in MLB history to begin their career with three straight 20/20 seasons.

“Life is too short to be holding things on,” Rodríguez said. “Obviously, that's something that he understood that it was not correct to do. And we talked about it, and he apologized in-person and it’s all good.”

Earlier, the Mariners grinded out old friend Yusei Kikcuchi, who took his first loss in 10 starts since joining the Astros at the Trade Deadline, and wore out third baseman Shay Whitcomb, who committed four errors after replacing Alex Bregman in the fourth inning.

Kikuchi departed one out after giving up a two-out, two-run, go-ahead single to Justin Turner in the sixth inning, which gave Seattle a lead it wouldn’t relinquish. And Bregman was pulled by Astros manager Joe Espada in a by-design moment to create an ovation send-off in what could be the impending free agent’s final regular-season game in Houston.

Related
Mariners reach agreements with all arb-eligible players, including Raleigh & Kirby

January 9th, 2025

Mariners add another relief arm, claim Jay off waivers

January 9th, 2025

Seattle claims RHP Danner off waivers to pad 'pen depth

January 8th, 2025

Shelves thinning out for Mariners' offseason shopping

January 7th, 2025

Execs prospect poll: Top system? Best at drafting? Best at trading for prospects?

January 9th, 2025

4 reasons why King Félix belongs in Hall of Fame

January 5th, 2025

After his momentum-shifting knock, Turner -- all of 39 years young -- made an impressive diving play to his right on a 105.1 mph one-hopper from Jason Heyward for the third out a half-inning later, helping George Kirby cap his outing by retiring each of his final 10 batters. Kirby set a career high by reaching 191 innings, making his 33rd start and securing his 14th win.

“It was supposed to be heater out, but I threw it right down the middle,” Kirby said. “So when I did release it, I was kind of worried, but ... I saw a full layout, and it was awesome.”

The Mariners were able to tack on a ton of insurance runs after Kikuchi departed -- notably by capitalizing on Houston’s defensive lapses. Whitcomb’s four errors were the most in the big leagues since Marco Scutaro had four for the A’s on July 6, 2007, also against Seattle.

“I don't think we were shooting to go that way, it’s just kind of the way it worked out,” Mariners manager Dan Wilson said. “But I think that the key there is that we were able to take advantage of some of the miscues and add on.”

Wednesday's game was small potatoes for the Astros, who clinched the AL West title the night prior and rested most starters. But it was astronomical for Seattle, which would’ve been eliminated from the Wild Card race with a loss and victories from both Kansas City and Detroit. It’s still possible that the Mariners could be eliminated when idle on Thursday, if each of those teams wins again.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Mariners now have their final off-day before a three-game series vs. Oakland back home beginning Friday. They’ve yet to announce their rotation order, which could hinge on whether they activate Luis Castillo from the injured list for his first start since Sept. 8. But they could also roll with Bryan Woo, Bryce Miller and Logan Gilbert in order on normal rest.

With its 82nd victory, Seattle secured its fourth straight winning season. Yet anything but a playoff berth -- the odds of which are down to 1.4%, per FanGraphs -- will put a disappointing stamp on 2024. But for at least another day, they put the prospect of such on hold.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

Daniel Kramer covers the Mariners for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/mariners-stay-alive-in-al-wild-card-race-with-win 
 ----- 
