Skip to content
January 2, 2025
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
Pacific Games Matchday 1 roundup: Plenty of goals

The first set of matches have been played at this year’s Pacific Games in Honiara.

Solomon Islands beat Samoa in their opening game of the Pacific Games (Photo: Pacific Games media)

And it was a good start for the hosts Solomon Islands as both their men and women’s teams came away with wins.

The men’s side struggled against Samoa, coming away with only a 1-0 win in their opening game.

They had to wait until the second half for the decisive goal, when substitute John Orobulu put the ball in the back of the net.

Head Coach Felipe Vega-Arango was not happy with his team’s performance in the win.

“At half-time I told them that we needed some energy, so I had to make a couple of changes. Despite that, that’s a win, that’s three points and we have to forget this game and look forward for the next one,” Arango told the organizers website.

In the other matches in the men’s tournament, New Caledonia and Fiji took expected wins.

New Caledonia beat Tonga 7-0, with Lues Waya getting himself a hat-trick.

While Fiji took care of Northern Marianas, beating them 10-0.

The final game in the men’s tournament, between Papua New Guinea and Tuvalu was cancelled due to travel problems for Tuvalu. That game should be registered as a 3-0 win to PNG, but has so far not been so on the official tournament website.

Solid PNG win

In the women’s tournament, the Papua New Guinea team actually got ot plau, and got off to a great start.

The reigning champions dominated against American Samoa, and took an expected early lead, on their way to a 9-0 win.

PNG captain Ramona Padio was the stand out player as she scored six goals.

“I’m very happy because I know that my family and my country is supporting me”, Padio told the organizers website.

PNG took a solid win over American Samoa (Photo: Pacific Games media)

Perhaps the best game of the first round was Tahiti against Samoa. Samoa took an early 2-0 lead after only ten minutes. Then Tahiti pulled one back after half an hour, before equalizing with only eight minutes to go.

But it wasn’t over there, as Samoa got a penalty in the 87th minute, which Jayda Stewart took care of, to give Samoa a hard-fought win.

“The game got stretched a little bit in the second half, it was anyone’s game. We got the penalty and then we capitalised on that one for the winning goal. I’m really proud of the girls and the way they played today with the heat, with the conditions, they adapted and they overcame,” Samoa coach Juan Jose Chan said.

In the other matches, Solomon Islands had to wait until the 81st minute to find a winning goal against Vanuatu, with Jemina David being netting the game’s only goal, while New Caledonia took a somewhat surprisingly large 5-2 win over the Cook Islands.

The football continues with matches on Monday local time.

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: News, Pacific Games
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Categories
American Samoa (29)
Beach Soccer (9)
Cook Islands (50)
Exclusive Features (5)
Exclusive Interviews (22)
Federated States of Micronesia (1)
FIFA Club World Cup (7)
FIFA Women's World Cup (8)
Fiji (72)
Futsal (10)
Kiribati (16)
Marshall Islands (6)
Nauru (5)
New Caledonia (47)
New Zealand (76)
Niue (4)
Non-FIFA (12)
Oceania (53)
OFC Champions League (45)
OFC Futsal Champions League (2)
OFC Nations Cup (4)
OFC U-16 Women's Championship (1)
OFC U16 Championship (4)
OFC U19 Championship (2)
OFC Women's Champions League (3)
OFC Women's Nations Cup (24)
OFC World Cup Qualifiers (28)
Olympic football (1)
Olympic Qualifiers (7)
Opinion (9)
Outside Oceania (6)
Pacific Games (18)
Palau (2)
Papua New Guinea (72)
Podcast (5)
Press Release (8)
Samoa (49)
Solomon Islands (79)
Tahiti (56)
Tonga (41)
Tuvalu (17)
U-17 World Cup (6)
U-20 World Cup (4)
Vanuatu (53)
Wallis & Futuna (1)
Women's Football (46)
You may have missed
Auckland City legend recalls Magic of Morocco
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2023/11/18/pacific-games-matchday-1-roundup-plenty-of-goals/ 
 ----- 
