Skip to main content
Home
Sports
Lions
Tigers
Red Wings
Pistons
Michigan
Michigan State
Big Ten
More Colleges
High School
Soccer
Scoreboards
Tigers can't deliver big hit, see win streak end in series finale against Angels
CHRIS MCCOSKY   The Detroit News

Detroit — AJ Hinch isn’t going to play the look-ahead game. Not now, not ever. And games like Thursday only serve to reinforce his steadfast belief in keeping his young team grounded.

As the win streak hit six games and the Tigers crept over .500, a wild card spot was suddenly visible on the horizon. They went into the finale against the Angles just 4½ games back of the final spot.

And with the Boston Red Sox, one of the teams they’re chasing, coming in for three games this weekend, the Tigers are playing meaningful games at the end of August for the first time since 2016.  

All good things. But Hinch wasn’t having it.

“I’ll apologize over and over but I just don’t get anxious over what’s ahead,” he said before the Angels paused the Tigers’ momentum with a 3-0 win Thursday afternoon. “I don’t think about the series ahead. I don’t look to see what-ifs. I live in the moment and I ask our guys to do that and we’ve been very consistent.

“This is not a reaction to the last couple of games. I’ve been preaching this from the time I’ve been here and I mean it. How we respond today matters. What’s ahead doesn’t matter until we get there.”

Faultless logic.

“You better focus on the team that you’re facing and not dream of anything quite yet,” Hinch said. “We will play it one game at a time, which is complete coach-speak. But it is complete truth.”

BOX SCORE: Angels 3, Tigers 0

The Tigers bats were quieted by rookie right-hander Jack Kochanowicz, who came into the game on a run of three straight quality starts despite a low strikeout rate (7%) and a high opponent slugging percentage (.519).

Make it four straight quality starts. He struck out three of the first 10 Tigers he faced and finished with four through his six shutout innings, getting eight ground ball outs.

"That's what he does," Hinch said. "His strength is his ground-ball rate off high sinker usage. He's got velo and movement and it looked like we couldn't quite handle either today."

The Tigers had runners in scoring position from the third through the sixth innings but couldn’t deliver the big hit. They were 0-for-6 with two inning-ending double plays against Kochanowicz.

"He made good pitches when he needed to," said Zach McKinstry, who had two of his three hits off Kochanowicz. "We're just looking for that big hit. We're getting guys on base. Just keep doing that and it will come."

It was the same story against the Angels’ bullpen. They stranded runners at the corners in the seventh and then loaded the bases with two outs in the eighth.

Lefty Jose Quijada walked pinch-hitter Andy Ibanez and Colt Keith around a single by pinch-hitter Matt Vierling. Angels manager Ron Washington went to his closer, fireballer Ben Joyce, to face Spencer Torkelson.

Joyce showed Torkelson his 103-mph heater, but punched him out with a well-located, 95-mph sinker.

In the ninth, McKinstry led off with a single. Then Joyce started unleashing his high-octane heaters and closed it out.

The Tigers ended up 0-for-8 with runners in scoring position and find themselves in a 14-inning scoring drought.

"On the scoreboard it looked like we had a lot of opportunities," Hinch said. "But we really didn't string at-bats together like we have in recent days."

It was another grinding start for Tigers rookie right-hander Keider Montero. His command wasn’t sharp, evidenced by three walks and a high pitch count (89 in five innings).

"It felt like he was in trouble every inning," Hinch said. "Something was happening to put him under stress in every inning. He was walking a fine line. Like, when you get too close to the stove, if you touch it, you're going to get burned. He got burned."

The damage came on two pitches, both knuckle-curveballs, that he left over the plate. The first was ripped for an RBI double by Mickey Moniak in the fourth inning.

Then in the fifth, with a man on and two out, Montero hung another to Zach Neto, who walloped his 20th homer of the season, a 400-footer to left-center.

"It was the location," Montero said, though interpreter Carlos Guillen. "Right in the middle of the strike zone. This is Major League Baseball. They don't miss those."

Lefty Joey Wentz took over in the sixth and put up two zeroes. But he also obtained two bruises in the process. He was hit first on the palm of his left hand with a 95-mph comebacker by Michael Stefanic, who reached on the infield single.

Next hitter, Taylor Ward, smoked one, 96 mph, off Wentz's right knee. The ball caromed to catcher Dillon Dingler, who got the out at first, but Wentz stayed down for several minutes before limping off.

"The first one hit him toward his pinky and the second one right on the knee," Hinch said. "We're going to get him looked at to see where he's at. Those were scary, the second one worse than the first. You saw how much pain he was in."

The Angels snapped a seven-game losing streak.

With the loss, the Tigers fall five games behind the Twins, who hold the final wild card spot by three games over the Red Sox (69-64), Mariners (68-66) and Tigers (68-67). So, big series with the Red Sox starting Friday night.

“It’s fun,” said lefty Tarik Skubal, who starts against the Red Sox Saturday. “This is why you play the game. But when you get caught up in that, it takes away from what we need to do. We need to win today’s game.

“The standings don’t matter if you don’t win.”

chris.mccosky@detroitnews.com

@cmccosky

 
 
Help
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Responsible Disclosure
Your Privacy Choices
© 2025 The Detroit News, a Digital First Media Newspaper
About Your Privacy

Clicking on the "Reject All" Button retains the default setting of only strictly necessary cookies.
We and our 155 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting "I Accept" enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under "we and our partners process data to provide," whereas selecting "Reject All" or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage Cookies link on the bottom of the webpage [or the floating icon on the bottom-left of the webpage, if applicable]. Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.For more information about how we use your data visit our Privacy Policy.

If you click "Accept All", we and our partners may process personal data for the following purposes:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All Accept All
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.detroitnews.com/story/sports/mlb/tigers/2024/08/29/detroit-tigers-squander-chances-see-win-streak-end-in-series-finale-against-los-angeles-angels/74995800007/ 
 ----- 
