Skip to content
Register
Sign In
India vs Australia: A billion hearts break as India lose the ICC 2023 World Cup final
20 November 2023
Share
Save
Cherylann Mollan
BBC News, Mumbai
Getty Images
India lost the final by six wickets

Millions of Indians are nursing broken hearts after the national cricket team lost to Australia in the World Cup final on Sunday.

Australia, who have now lifted the World Cup six times, won by six wickets with seven overs left to play.

The team beat South Africa in the semi-final while India beat New Zealand to make it to the final.

The match was played in the world's largest stadium in the western state of Gujarat.

Cricket is the most popular sport in India and more than 100,000 fans showed up at the Narendra Modi stadium in Ahmedabad city to cheer on the team.

The stadium looked like a sea of blue as spectators sported team jerseys in support of their favourite players.

Those who were unable to travel to Ahmedabad tuned in from their homes to watch the match, hoping that India would lift the Cup. India last won the World Cup in 2011.

But the hopes of millions of Indians were dashed after Australia defeated India and thousands took to social media to express their disappointment over India's loss.

"Heartbreak continues for India," wrote one user on X (formerly Twitter), while another said "this hurts more than anything".

Many of India's top actors and sporting stars also took to X to congratulate the Indian cricket team for their stellar performance throughout the World Cup and to offer support after their loss.

"It's a sport and there are always a bad day or two. Unfortunately it happened today, but thank you Team India for making us so proud of our sporting legacy in cricket. You bring too much cheer to the whole of India," wrote Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan who was among the spectators in the stadium.

Olympic medalist Abhinav Bindra congratulated the Australian cricket team over their win and expressed solidarity with team India.

"You may not have clinched the final, but your performance was every bit the epitome of champions. Every match, every run, every wicket was a testament to your skill, spirit, and sportsmanship," he wrote.

Many fans also expressed hope about India winning the next World Cup.

"India's World Cup journey might have hit a speed bump, but remember, even the greatest stories have their unexpected chapters. This is just a plot twist, not the end," wrote one X user.

"This game was an example that hard work doesn't always pay, sometimes luck matters too. Better luck next time team India," wrote another.

On Sunday, Australia won the toss and put India in to bat. The Australian pacers were lethal, bowling India out for just 240 runs. It was the first time in the tournament that the Indian side lost all 10 wickets.

India put up a brave fight in their bowling attack, with Mohammed Shami and Jasprit Bumrah getting rid of three of Australia's top batters in the first seven overs.

But despite India's best efforts, Australia put up a stubborn batting partnership and managed to defeat India with six wickets to spare.

BBC News India is now on YouTube. Click here to subscribe and watch our documentaries, explainers and features.

Read more India stories from the BBC:
Australia stun India to win sixth World Cup
Yemen's Houthi rebels seize cargo ship in Red Sea
Rescuers to drill from top to reach 40 trapped men
The Indian artist who painted for British rulers
Indian fashion designers face eco-chic dilemma
The man behind India’s dream run at Cricket World Cup
Australia stun India to win sixth World Cup
Asia
India
Related
Macau profile
3 hrs ago
Asia
Hong Kong profile
3 hrs ago
Asia
Tibet profile
3 hrs ago
Asia
More
5 hrs ago
Is two-tier Test system 'greedy' or will it help cricket survive?

After a report by the Melbourne Age suggests that plans for a two-tier World Test Championship would be discussed later this month, BBC Sport looks at the reaction so far.

Cricket
11 hrs ago
India rescuers race to save men stuck in flooded 'rat-hole' mine

Nine men were trapped on Monday morning after water flooded the narrow hole manually dug to extract coal.

Asia
13 hrs ago
Students from India say Liverpool is 'so welcoming'

The lives of people of Indian heritage in the UK are celebrated in a new exhibition in Liverpool.

Liverpool
1 day ago
World Test Championship - Australia join SA in final

Australia have joined South Africa in June's World Test Championship final - BBC Sport looks at the points table, how it all works and how you can follow the final.

Cricket
1 day ago
Kohli, youngsters & Bumrah - talking points from Australia's win over India

BBC Sport and data analysts CricViz look at five talking points from the Australia and India series and what England can learn about their next two opponents.

Cricket
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Arts
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Audio
Weather
BBC Shop
BBC in other languages
Follow BBC on:
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Contact the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info
Contact technical support

Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved.  The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.

 

Let us know you agree to cookies

We use cookies to give you the best online experience.

Please let us know if you agree to all of these cookies.

Yes, I agree
No, take me to settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-67471098 
 ----- 
