SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
Schedule
News
Watch
Standings
MLS Season Pass
Tickets
Store
Español
Matchday
USMNT fall in friendly vs. Slovenia
Ari Liljenwall

Saturday, Jan 20, 2024, 10:05 PM

The US men's national team concluded January camp with a 1-0 defeat in Saturday's international friendly against Slovenia at Toyota Field in San Antonio, Texas.

Fielding a lineup featuring many first-time call-ups and young players looking to make their mark, the Yanks couldn't find the scoresheet against a stingy Slovenia defense, while conceding a 26th-minute game-winner to forward Nejc Gradišar.

Gradišar's decisive strike followed a back-and-forth start to the match, as the 21-year-old finished an expertly-worked counter attack past Columbus Crew goalkeeper Patrick Schulte.

The 1-0 scoreline held as the USMNT pressed for an equalizer, but couldn't parlay several positive attacking sequences into the elusive leveler.

Goals
26' - SVN - Nejc Gradišar
Three Things
THE BIG PICTURE: This match was mostly about assessing new players looking to break into head coach Gregg Berhalter’s plans, and there were some nice moments from those in that category, though the final result was underwhelming.
MOMENT OF THE MATCH: Gradišar's 26th-minute strike was a well-taken finish and earned Slovenia the win.
MAN OF THE MATCH: New England Revolution homegrown attacker Esmir Bajraktarevic was touted by Berhalter as a standout at camp and showed glimpses of his lofty potential. The 18-year-old produced a really solid shift after entering as a 61st-minute substitute, finding himself central to multiple dangerous sequences.
Next Up
USA: Thursday, March 21 vs. Jamaica | 7 pm ET (Paramount+) | Concacaf Nations League Semifinal
Ari Liljenwall -
@AriLiljenwall
US MEN'S NATIONAL TEAM
MATCHDAY
Related Stories
Holiday shopping: What every MLS team needs this winter
Atlanta United name Ronny Deila head coach
MLS Mock SuperDraft 2025: Predicting who teams pick in Round 1
More News
Transfer Tracker
FC Dallas acquire Shaq Moore from Nashville SC
Transfer Tracker
San Diego FC sign goalkeeper Pablo Sisniega
National Writer: Charles Boehm
Messi, Cavan & more: 10 biggest MLS moments of 2024
Transfer Tracker
Chicago Fire, Gastón Giménez mutually terminate contract
Transfer Tracker
LAFC re-sign defender Marlon
Video
2:13
WATCH: Wackiest moments from the 2024 MLS season
2:53
WATCH: Best goal celebrations from the 2024 MLS season
6:12
WATCH: Wildest endings from the 2024 MLS season
1:29
WATCH: Best tifos from the 2024 MLS season
About MLS
Contact Us
Stay Connected
Resources
Store
League Reports
Club Sites
Terms of Service Privacy Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Cookies Settings
©2024 MLS. The Major League Soccer and MLS name and shield are registered trademarks of Major League Soccer, L.L.C. (“MLS”). The names and logos of MLS teams are registered and/or common law trademarks of MLS or are used with the permission of their owners. Any unauthorized use is forbidden.
We and our third party partners use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other tracking technologies for various purposes, such as to make the website work as intended, enhance site navigation, understand how you engage with the site, and assist in marketing efforts. We offer you the ability to opt out of certain non-essential tracking technologies in our "Privacy Preference Center". By continuing to browse the site, you also agree that MLS can share your video viewing activity with third parties as set out in our Privacy Policy. Your consent to such sharing is valid for two years unless you earlier withdraw your consent. To learn more about how we use cookies and other technologies on our site and how to opt-out of certain non-essential cookies, please visit the “Cookies and Web Beacons” section of ourPrivacy Policy.

We’ve also made updates to our Terms of Service, which include an arbitration agreement and a dispute resolution procedure. By clicking “Accept & Continue” or continuing to browse the site, you agree to both the storing and use of the referenced technologies and our Terms of Service.

Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
Cookies Settings
Reject Non-Essential Cookies
Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlssoccer.com/news/usmnt-fall-1-0-in-friendly-vs-slovenia 
 ----- 
