We love cookies but we use them here to personalize content, analyze traffic, and provide a quality user experience. By using this website, you agree to our use of them. 

OK

SLOW TRAVEL WITH US IN TUSCANY, MAY 2025 — CLICK FOR MORE DETAILS!

DESTINATIONSSLOW TRAVEL
SLOW TRAVEL TOURS
ROAD TRIPS
SLOW FOOD TRAVEL
SMALL TOWNS
TRAIN TRAVEL
UNIQUE ACCOMMODATIONS
ITALYUSAEAT AND DRINK
FOOD TOURS AND EXPERIENCES
LOCAL FOOD GUIDES
BEER, WINE, SPIRITS TRAVEL
0
ABOUT
ABOUT TRAVLINMAD
WORK WITH US
CONTACT
TRAVLINMAD TRIPS
Sustainability Meets Serenity At Casa Cayuco Eco Adventure Lodge In Bocas Del Toro, Panama

Our quest for sustainable lodging in eco-friendly destinations has taken us to some pretty amazing places, and recently we were enchanted in the rainforest of Caribbean Panama at the remote gem of Casa Cayuco.

Tucked deep in the heart of Central America on the shores of Isla Bastimentos in the Bocas del Toro archipelago, this sustainable Panama eco lodge is ideal for travelers seeking to connect with nature while treading lightly upon it.

Our stay here reaffirmed our love for small, sustainable resorts that actively practice (and encourage) a slow travel ethos. 

Add to this a strong committment to supporting the local indigenous community, and you have one of our new favorite eco adventure resorts.

With its pristine and undeveloped habitat, fresh cuisine, a daily slate of exciting adventures to enjoy, and a commitment to sustainable tourism, our experience at Casa Cayuco eco adventure lodge was simply unforgettable.  

If you’re looking for a rejuvenating adventure to a remote island eco lodge, Panama is just a 3-5 hour flight from Miami or other major US hubs. 

So, barring any major aversion to heat and humidity with no A/C, eco-travelers should set their compass for this little slice of paradise and go! 

This post may contain affiliate links: if you make a purchase through these links, we earn a small commission at no extra cost to you.

Table of Contents Show

Check out our Instagram (and follow us) for lots of story highlights and reels on this destination!

Getting To Bocas Del Toro And Casa Cayuco

It’s often said that any place worth seeing is never easy to get to, and you’ll be thinking this on your journey to Casa Cayuco, I promise ;-) This is the slow traveler’s mantra, after all — it’s the journey, not the destination.

Relatively speaking, there are far more remote places in the world, even in Panama. But for the average adventure traveler, getting to Casa Cayuco is part of the fun.

OPTION 1

FLY to Bocas del Toro via Panama City

Most travelers to Bocas del Toro fly into Tocumen International Airport (PTY) in the capital of Panama City. Tocumen is Panama City’s biggest international airport, and the largest airport in Panama and all of Central America. 

From Tocumen, you will have to take a taxi/Uber or private transport to Albrook "Marcos A. Gelabert" International Airport (PAC) to catch your flight to Bocas del Toro. Located 19 miles (30 km) west of the center of Panama City, the drive from Tocumen to Albrook will take you an hour or so depending on traffic, which can be super heavy. Allow yourself enough time for your connection!

Board your flight at Albrook and one hour later you’ll touch down in Bocas del Toro "Isla Colón" International Airport (BOC), a very small airport in Bocas Town on the main island of Isla Colón. If you’re lucky, there will be a guy strumming his guitar and serenading arriving passengers as you wait for your luggage. Ask him to sing “Sexy Old Lady”!

 

DRIVE

Once you have your luggage, a van will pick you up and drive you just a few streets over to a colorful hotel on the water’s edge.

 

BOAT

From here, you’ll wheel your luggage to the back dock, board a small boat, and begin your fun adventure to Casa Cayuco. This is where the stress of the day’s traffic and flights begins to melt away. It’s a great way to start your stay at Casa Cayuco!

OPTION 2

You can also reach Bocas del Toro from Costa Rica, just north of Panama. The small town of Puerto Viejo on Costa Rica’s Caribbean coast is not far at all from Bocas del Toro as the crow flies, and visiting this part of Costa Rica and this part of Panama in one trip is actually a good combo!

NOTE: If you are driving a rental car in Costa Rica, you cannot drive it to Panama. Plan to leave it behind for a few days or keep it at your hotel in Costa Rica, if possible.

The answer? Book a van shuttle from Puerto Viejo to Bocas Town — a 4 hour drive. 

The Caribe Shuttle

We’ve traveled between Bocas del Toro and Puerto Viejo, Costa Rica twice, and used the Caribe Shuttle both times. They offer 3 shuttles/day and are the best (reliable/professional) shuttle between Bocas Town and Puerto Viejo.

Casa Cayuco Eco Adventure Lodge

As eco travelers, we love when lodging seamlessly blends into the untouched natural surroundings, don’t we? That’s not always easy to do while still offering guests a rejuvenating and restorative experience. But that’s what you’ll find at Casa Cayuco.

With its intimate size, this isn't just a place to rest your head – it's an immersive experience in sustainability and living in harmony with nature.

There are no cars, horns, or traffic and limited WiFi connectivity in this remote ecolodge on Panama. Only the occasional tree frog, howler monkey, or buzz of an approaching motorboat breaks up the peaceful slumber of your day, and the blue green hues of the water against the jungle is your daily palette.

If you’ve stayed in an eco lodge in Costa Rica or other parts of Central America, you’re in for a similar, but far comfier, experience here.

THE PROPERTY

Cabinas

Casa Cayuco eco resort was first built around 2004-2005 and is comprised of eight spacious and simple hardwood accommodations that are cozy and peaceful. 

There are several cabinas at the front of the property just steps from the water, several unique accommodations at the back of the property, and a few suites in the communal lodge.  

We stayed in the Delphin cabina (dolphin in Spanish).

The cabinas at Casa Cayuco are rustic and open-air with wooden plantation shutters that allow privacy, but don’t always keep the bugs out. That’s what the mosquito netting over your bed is for, and it did a fine job at that. 

It’s rustic nature could qualify as a glamping experience, but the amenities rank up with 4 and 5 star hotels.  

Our spacious cabina had one queen and two twin beds (perfect for young families) and an ensuite bathroom with a huge step in shower.

The cabin designs blend so well within the surroundings, you can’t even see them from the air. Just take a look at their website — before our trip, we thought we might be the only ones there! But fear not, there is a lovely little resort beneath the leafy canopy.

Family Accommodations

Most of the cabinas can sleep 2-4 comfortably, but there are several that are ideal for multi-gen family vacations or even groups of friends who wish to stay together.

Brand new for 2024 is a beautiful tropical beachfront villa — Estrella de Mar — that sleeps up to 8 with additional living space for families and lots of room for kids to explore on the beach.

Communal Spaces

The 2-story communal living area is the center of activity and just a few steps from the front cabinas. This is where the kitchen and two dining areas are, plus a few hammocks and a bar to gather at the end of the day. There’s even a comfy sofa to relax on and a bookshelf filled with games and books left behind. 

The waterside heart of the property is the thatched roof, open air pavilion at the water’s edge. It’s where you first arrive by boat at Casa Cayuco, and you’ll spend lots of your time here. 

There are a few dining tables and chairs, colorful hammocks, and chaise lounges, and level with the floor are four built-in cargo-net hammocks suspended right over the water. It’s hard to describe the coolness factor of seeing nurse sharks and rays skim the sand below you as you settle in with a good book (if you can even begin to read with all this happening around you)!

It’s a perfect shaded place to relax when the sun is high, and later watch the local fishermen pull up in wooden canoes (called cayucos) to sell the day’s catch to Jose, who then cleans it and passes it on to Martina in the kitchen to cook for dinner. 

Jose, spiny lobster whisperer

THE STAFF

Speaking of Jose, this gentleman may well be the reason you’ll remember Casa Cayuco, as he’s the person you’ll likely spend the most amount of time with: in the boat, on snorkeling trips, on fishing and spearfishing trips, and many other excursions. 

With 10 children and 20 grandchildren — many of whom work at the resort — Jose is laid-back, a wealth of knowledge on the local area and natural world, and fun to be around. 

The other staff we met were equally skilled in their own right whether it’s helping you navigate the property, cooking you amazing meals, or mixing a mean cocktail — I’m still dreaming about the fresh maracuya (passionfruit) cocktails Julian served us with a smile.

After many years of traveling Central America, we’ve found Panamanians to be a bit more reserved than their neighbors in Costa Rica or Belize, but they are every bit as warm, friendly, and welcoming.

Sustainability And Conservation

Let’s talk sustainability: Casa Cayuco takes its commitment to being green very seriously by incorporating numerous practices that protect the surrounding environment into daily life, such as:

Solar power electricity which ensures a minimal carbon footprint

Minimalist cabin accommodations which blend seamlessly into the surrounding jungle environment 

Use clean-burning propane for cooking, water heating, and as supplemental electricity for the back-up generator

Responsible waste management - The lodge follows a strict policy of waste reduction and recycling, including composting. What’s more is how they actively encourage guests to minimize their ecological footprint during their stay. They collect, purify, and reuse rainwater, coordinate beach clean-up efforts, and contribute to the overall health of the coastal areas.

Serving plant based cuisine and local species from the sea

Supporting The Local Community
SALT CREEK COMMUNITY

Casa Cayuco isn't just a place to appreciate nature and green travel; it's also a chance to connect with the local Ngäbe-Buglé indigenous community. 

The lodge actively collaborates with and supports the Ngäbe-Buglé community. In fact, most of its 25 employees live in the small community of Salt Creek (a community of 900 residents), and many of them are related (to Jose) ;-) 

You could say that Casa Cayuco is powered by the community of Salt Creek itself, which adds to the overall feeling of connectivity you begin to feel in your first few hours at the resort.

Aside from their duties at the resort, they are always happy to help guests learn more about the local culture, from foods and impromptu cooking lessons to fishing and spearfishing.

SALK CREEK CLINIC WITH FLOATING DOCTORS

In their latest community project, Casa Cayuco — in collaboration with Floating Doctors, an organization that specializes in delivering remote care to underserved populations in remote areas of Panama — is helping to establish a two-story medical clinic in the Salt Creek village. 

This transformative project has a broader purpose to offer routine and preventive healthcare in addition to just emergency care, while also empowering the community on health education. 

It’s so inspiring to see the commitment and enthusiasm of the team at Casa Cayuco, and even guests, to make this level of healthcare happen in the community.

Flora And Fauna At Casa Cayuco

Like most of Panama, Bocas del Toro and the island of Bastimentos are hotspots of biodiversity, and Casa Cayuco sits in the heart of it all, surrounded by nature. From the tropical flora to countless animal species, it’s nature and wildlife lover’s dream destination.

THE JUNGLE AND THE SEA

The lush jungle is home to an amazing array of wildlife including several species of monkeys (howlers, spider and white-faced capuchins), sloths, poison dart frogs, snakes, caimans, countless exotic bird species like toucans and oropendolas, and lots of bugs, spiders, and creepy crawlers. 

In the waters around Casa Cayuco, you’ll spot dolphins, sea turtles, vibrant corals and a kaleidoscope of coral reef fish. Jose and the others love to help guests explore underwater so you have a deeper understanding of this unique habitat.

To give you an example, just from the dock one day, we swam with the prettiest (and harmless) jellyfish (we held them in our hands!), beautiful small squid, and schools of colorful fish, while a few barracuda, spotted rays, and nurse sharks swam nearby!

ISLA BASTIMENTOS MARINE NATIONAL PARK

As if this couldn’t get any better, Casa Cayuco also sits within the boundaries of the Isla Bastimentos Marine National Park, a protected marine environment. 

This designation ensures that the coral reefs and coastal ecosystems remain pristine, protected from the damaging effects of overfishing and pollution. 

We visited there a few times during our stay to snorkel and hike the trails along the island of Isla Zapatillo.

The Food: Fresh And Local
SEA-TO-TABLE DINING

One of the standout features of Casa Cayuco is the food, a blend of Caribbean and Panamanian flavors sourced from local, organic, and sustainable ingredients. 

Fresh locally caught fish, seafood, and spiny lobster (we’re told they also occasionally serve chicken) is on the menu along with fresh tropical fruits, veggies, and herbs sourced from their own organic garden for a true taste of the region.

View fullsize
View fullsize
THE DAILY SNACK

We can’t talk about the food at Casa Cayuco without mentioning the daily routine when a scrumptious midday treat arrives, hand delivered to you wherever you happen to be. 

We’re not talking a ‘come-and-get-it, snacks are served’ kind of thing, but a small plate made up just for you (or two) and served with a smile. 

Sometimes it’s the smallest things you remember, but we think their daily snack will be one of your fondest memories too. 

Daily Excursions And Activities

Like many Costa Rica and Panama eco resorts, Casa Cayuco offers a full slate of eco-friendly excursions and activities designed to let you immerse yourself in the natural wonders of Bocas del Toro. But two excursions a day? That’s beyond!

Excursions vary depending on the number of guests and time of year, but we encourage you to go on as many as you can.

Each day at breakfast, the staff will tell you what excursions are planned for the day, and you can choose to opt in or out. If you feel like hanging out and doing nothing at all, that’s totally fine. 

RECOMMENDED EXCURSIONS

Here are more than a few excursions we heartily recommend:

Hiking - There are several winding trails around the property that you can explore on your own, or go with an expert guide who will share their knowledge of the ecosystem's flora and fauna.

Kayaking and Paddleboarding - Grab a paddle from the stash on the beach and paddle through the calm, pristine waters surrounding the lodge. The property sits in a natural cove so the water is calm and serene.

Mangrove Snorkeling - We love snorkeling but we live at the  Everglades in south Florida, so you can imagine our hesitation at going snorkeling in the mangroves! Thankfully, it was a TOTALLY. INCREDIBLE. EXPERIENCE. and one of our favorite excursions! Turns out, snorkeling mangroves in Panama is beautiful and surreal with vertical walls of vibrant corals, starfish, and tropical fish, and eerie mazes of mangrove roots trailing down from above like stalagtites. I’ve never seen anything like it. If you love snorkeling, you must go!

Caving - We opted out of this caving experience after a long day, but wished we would’ve gone. Being inside a huge bat cave with a pool to jump into and cool off sounds like our kind of fun. 

Chocolate farm - a tour to this farm is not only interesting but lots of fun. The owner is super engaging with guests, gives a lovely tour and informative light hike through the jungle, then offers a selection of tastings from chocolate rum to cacao nibs at the end.

Surfing - For the more adventurous, nearby beaches offer great opportunities for surfing, with lessons available for beginners.

Cultural Experiences - One of the best excursions is to the village of Salt Creek where you’ll engage with the local Ngöbe-Buglé community to learn about their customs and traditions. Everyone is friendly if not a little reserved. But they all appreciate the kindness of guests who wish to help out and bring school supplies, or lend a hand. I wish we could have stayed longer, but the experience is certainly humbling and fosters a deeper connection with the local culture.

Turtle Hatching - During turtle season in Bocas del Toro, you might hear a last-minute call from Jose to see turtle nests hatching. The timing of this momentous event is a collaborative effort between the staff and the Bocas del Toro Sea Turtle Conservancy, and it’s an experience you’ll never forget!

Monkey Island - This mangrove resort compound is a unique and colorful tourist lodge that also houses a variety of local monkey species. They claim to be a rehabilitation center though we saw no evidence of that when we were there, and offering guests gummy bears to feed to the monkeys made us question that even more. If this kind of animal tourism makes you uncomfortable, you might want to skip this excursion, though it is a very pretty setting. 

Overall

I thought a lot about sustainability and what it means to be green while I was relaxing at the pavilion, snorkeling the mangroves and the deserted beach at Bastimentos National Park, and strolling through the village at Salt Creek watching the kids play soccer and the little girl with her pet parrot on a stick. 

I knew trying to capture such an experience into a single article would be like distilling a year’s worth of psychotherapy into a single life lesson. 

Being at Casa Cayuco was the first time I’d completely unplugged in a very long time — thanks in large part to the glorious remoteness and being without noise, interruptions, and steady wifi. 

All the hiking, snorkeling, swimming, and eating fresh, healthy foods all week made me feel good and my mind was starting to clear.

But it wasn’t until I realized that I had experienced all of these things in the same place that I knew just how special Casa Cayuco really was.

Nature-loving slow travelers, welcome to your next adventure!

IF YOU GO

Casa Cayuco is a small, intimate property with limited accommodations, so book your stay directly with the resort. 

DESTINATIONS, UNIQUE PLACES TO STAY
FACEBOOKTWITTERLINKEDINREDDITPINTEREST0 LIKES
COMMENTS (0)
Newest First
Oldest First
Newest First
Most Liked
Least Liked
Preview Post Comment…
PREVIOUS
Where To Eat The Best Key Lime Pie In Key West, Florida
NEXT
Velika Planina, Slovenia: Hiking To The Herdsmen Settlement On The Big Plateau

©Travlinmad 2014-2024: No written content or photography may be used for any purpose without our express written permission. 

As an Amazon Associate, we may earn from qualifying purchases. Refer to our Privacy Policy for full terms.

Get Ideas For Your Next Adventure

Subscribe to get new slow trave tips and ideas delivered rigt to your inbox.

   SUBSCRIBE

We respect your privacy and don’t share your personal info, ever.

DISCLOSUREPRIVACY POLICYRESOURCES
DESTINATIONS

Italy

USA

All Destinations

TRAVEL TIPS

Slow Travel Tours

Accommodations

Travel Resources

ABOUT

About

Contact

Small Group, Slow Travel Trips        
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.travlinmad.com/blog/casa-cayuco-bocas-del-toro-panama 
 ----- 
