 Sign In
THURSDAY, JANUARY 2, 2025

Home News ICT Insurance Investment Oil & Gas Politics More
HomeSportsWe need to be more aggressive with our play – Alexander Djiku
SPORTS
We need to be more aggressive with our play – Alexander Djiku
On Jan 16, 2024
 Share
WhatsApp
Facebook
Twitter
Linkedin
Email
Alexander Djiku

Ghana defender Alexander Djiku says the team has to be more aggressive in their play as they seek their first win of the ongoing Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) in Côte d’Ivoire.

The Fenerbahçe player put up an outstanding performance despite Ghana’s 2-1 loss against the Blue Sharks of Cape Verde.

His aggressiveness and zeal during the match earned him the Man of the Match award, having also scored Ghana’s consolation with a brilliant second-half header.

Addressing the media after the disappointing loss, Djiku stated that the team had to be prolific upfront while players should exhibit some form of aggressiveness.

“The game against Cape Verde was so difficult, but we need to do more, be more aggressive, create more chances, and score,” Djiku said.

He noted that the game against seven-time winners Egypt wouldn’t be an easy task, but they would have to focus more and secure the needed win.

“We have the second game, and we have to win. It is a tough game, but nothing is impossible. They drew their first game, and we lost, so anything can happen,” he said.

Ghana’s highly anticipated encounter against Egypt is slated for the Stade Félix-Houphouët-Boigny on Thursday, January 18, 2024.

Source: GNA 

 PREV POST

Two persons granted bail over alleged fraud

NEXT POST 

Walewale Orthopedic Training Centre remains closed to public despite being inaugurated

LEAVE A REPLY

Your email address will not be published.

Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Alternative:
PHOTOS
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
Previous
Next
Click here to view Photo Gallery
ADVERTISEMENT



Search GhanaBusinessNews.Com
VIDEO REPORT
CLICK HERE TO VIEW VIDEOS
PARTNERS











Facebook
Join us on Facebook
 
Twitter
Join us on Twitter
 
Youtube
Join us on Youtube
Home News ICT Insurance Investment Oil & Gas Politics Tourism Editorials/Opinion Feature Articles Entertainment Sports About Us
Ghana Business News © Copyright 2007 - 2024, All Rights Reserved
Thank you for visiting our website.
SHARES
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanabusinessnews.com/2024/01/16/we-need-to-be-more-aggressive-with-our-play-alexander-djiku/ 
 ----- 
