YOU ARE HERE Home » Brewers: 7, Cardinals: 3, Craig Counsell Celebrates 700 Career Wins
BREWERS
Brewers: 7, Cardinals: 3, Craig Counsell Celebrates 700 Career Wins
By Sarah WitherspoonSeptember 19, 2023No Comments4 Mins Read
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Sep 19, 2023; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Tyrone Taylor (15) is congratulated by second baseman Andruw Monasterio (14) after scoring against the St. Louis Cardinals during the fourth inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-USA TODAY Sports
SHARE

They don’t call it Craigtember for nothing. After a shutout loss against the St. Louis Cardinals on Monday, the Milwaukee Brewers answered back, defeating the Cardinals 7-3 on Tuesday night. This game also marked manager Craig Counsell’s 700th career win; A huge feat for the should-be manager of the year.

William Contreras does it again.
Sep 19, 2023; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Milwaukee Brewers catcher William Contreras (24) reacts after hitting a solo home run against the St. Louis Cardinals during the third inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-USA TODAY Sports

If anyone has been hot for the Brewers this year, it’s been William Contreras. Since joining the team, he’s been a solid addition. Contreras is slashing .283/.362/.458 with an OPS of .819, 17 homers, and 74 driven in.

Contreras hit homer no. 17 on Tuesday against the Cardinals in the third inning right before the Brewers would have four consecutive doubles to open up a four-run fourth inning.

Milwaukee Brewers Magic Number: 6
Sep 19, 2023; St. Louis, Missouri, USA; Milwaukee Brewers relief pitcher Colin Rea (48) pitches against the St. Louis Cardinals during the second inning at Busch Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jeff Curry-USA TODAY Sports

With the win tonight, the Brew Crew has dropped their magic number to claim the NL Central to just six. The crew was playing from behind after opener Trevor Megill surrendered two runs in a 31-pitch first inning. Colin Rea, who was recalled Monday from Triple-A Nashville, appeared in relief for four innings and held the Cardinals to only one run and was able to leave with the Brewers in the lead. Rea allowed three hits, walked three, and struck out two, respectively.

Hoby Milner, Abner Uribe, Joel Payamps, and Andrew Chafin would all make appearances for the crew, combining for three scoreless innings of relief.

A quadruple double, baseball edition#ThisIsMyCrew https://t.co/JnmursKg4Y pic.twitter.com/ADrTxtqQjs

— Milwaukee Brewers (@Brewers) September 20, 2023

The fourth inning kicked off with a Willy Adames double, who then scored when Josh Donaldson would launch a double off of Cardinals starter Drew Rom in left field. Tyrone Taylor would follow, smashing a ball to nearly the same spot that Donaldson hit his RBI double, giving the Brewers a 3-2 lead. Sal Frelick would come to the plate and give the Brewers four consecutive doubles after Cardinals right fielder Jordan Walker was unable to put the ball in play.

Mark Canha would drive Frelick in on an RBI fielder’s choice, bringing the lead to 5-2. Tyrone Taylor walked twice and scored in the eighth on a sac fly from Andruw Monasterio, and Adames would drive Contreras home in an RBI single for the Brewers 7-3 lead and eventual victory.

700 Managerial Wins for Craig Counsell

Tuesday’s win over the Cardinals not only eliminated them from playoff contention, but it also marked the 700th managerial career win for Craig Counsell.

If this doesn’t add another reason as to why Craig Counsell should be considered for Manager of the Year, I don’t know what will.

Injury Updates:

Christian Yelich is considered day-to-day, missing his fourth straight game with back pain. Counsell said that Yelich continues to show sign of improvement, and that a trip to the injured list isn’t in the near future for the outfielder.

Up Next:

Milwaukee will have RHP Adrian Houser (6-4, 4.53 ERA) on the mound for them on Wednesday night against Cardinals LHP Zack Thompson (5-6, 4.34 ERA). Houser is 4-5 with a 3.19 ERA in 14 games against St. Louis. Thompson will be making his first career start against Milwaukee, but is 3-0 in three starts against NL Central teams this season.

Craig Counsell
Milwaukee Brewers
MLB
nl central
st louis cardinals
William Contreras
SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Sarah Witherspoon
X (Twitter)

Sarah Witherspoon is a multimedia sports journalist and has been with Wisconsin Sports Heroics for 4 years. Her work has been featured on Yardbarker, MSN, BVM Sports, and more. She covers the NBA, NBA G-League. MLB, MiLB, and NFL.

RELATED POSTS
Milwaukee Brewers Release 30 Year Old Pitcher Before He Throws A Pitch For The Organization
December 16, 2024
Corbin Burnes: 2 San Francisco Giants Openly Recruiting The Leagues Top Free Agent
December 16, 2024
Devin Williams: Another Trade ‘Bridesmaid’ Revealed
December 16, 2024
Milwaukee Brewers: Aaron Civale Potentially On the Trade Block After Devin Williams Trade
December 16, 2024
ADD A COMMENT
Facebook
X (Twitter)
RSS
CONTACT US
ADVERTISEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2024 WISportsHeroics All Rights Reserved.
Privacy & Transparency

wisportsheroics.com and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 933 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.

Manage Settings
Continue with Recommended Cookies

Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wisportsheroics.com/brewers-7-cardinals-3-recap/ 
 ----- 
