Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Burleson's tough-luck season continues with thumb fracture
Share
Burleson's tough-luck season continues with thumb fracture
September 20th, 2023

John Denton

@JohnDenton555
Share

0:00

1:11

ST. LOUIS -- To fully illustrate the tough luck that Alec Burleson has so often hit into this season, the first baseman/outfielder leads Cardinals players with at least 300 plate appearances in terms of the gap between his actual production and his expected numbers in three major offensive statistical categories.

On Tuesday, just minutes after Burleson impressively drove an up-and-away pitch into the left-center gap for a ground-rule RBI double, his tough luck from the 2023 season continued in the form of what is likely a season-ending injury.

The 24-year-old Burleson fractured his left thumb after jamming it into the third-base bag on a head-first slide. Burleson, who doubled in Lars Nootbaar in the first inning of the Cardinals’ 7-3 loss to the Brewers, stole third base, but ended up doing damage to his thumb. Burleson briefly stayed in the game and scored from third on a Nolan Arenado sacrifice fly. He then left the dugout for the X-ray room, where the thumb fracture was revealed.

“I slid into the bag and looked at my thumb, and at first glance, I thought it was dislocated, and I popped it back in, but that wasn’t the case,” said Burleson, who hit .273 with three home runs and a .742 OPS after the All-Star break. “I knew pretty quick [about the fracture] because I’ve jammed fingers before, and this one didn’t feel the same.”

A night after watching franchise icon Adam Wainwright win the 200th game of his MLB career in stirring fashion, the Cardinals lost to officially seal their fate for 2023. Their 84th loss of the season eliminated them from playoff contention. It is the first time since 2018 that the Cards will be on the outside looking in when the playoffs begin in early October.

“[Elimination] doesn’t even come to mind, quite honestly,” said manager Oliver Marmol, whose club traded away five pitchers before the MLB Trade Deadline. “We’ve been in a different mode for quite some time now evaluating what we have and making sure we’re preparing for ’24.”

Related
Cards agree with Helsley, 2 others on '25 contracts, add waiver claim

January 9th, 2025

A salute to Goldschmidt, the model Cardinal

January 6th, 2025

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

'Dads Trip' a wholesome hit with Cardinals

September 2nd, 2024

Winn, Burleson proving to be dynamic duo atop Cards' lineup

August 18th, 2024

Burleson has big day at plate in front of fam as Cards split twin bill

July 21st, 2024

Burleson, who should know by Wednesday whether he will need surgery on the thumb, hit between superstars Paul Goldschmidt and Arenado in the Cardinals' order on Tuesday. Despite him hitting just .244 on the season, Marmol believes in the top-end potential of the left-handed-hitting Burleson because of his ability to combine a high barrel rate with low swing-and-miss numbers.

Burleson’s expected batting average -- numbers calculated based on exit velocity, launch angle and, on certain types of batted balls, sprint speed -- was .267, 25 points higher than the .242 actual average he had when he entered the day. Similarly, Burleson’s actual slugging percentage when he entered the day was 43 points lower than his expected slugging percentage and when he entered the day, his actual wOBA (weighted on-base average) was 30 points lower than the expected wOBA. The gaps between the three expected numbers and the actual numbers rank first on the Cardinals among players with at least 300 plate appearances.

“It tells you that your process is right, and your preparation is right and you’re doing the things you need to do, but at this level, it’s about results,” Burleson said. “Those numbers can tell you certain things, but at the end of the day, it’s about production, driving in those runs and getting those big hits. The expected numbers are good, but when it comes down to it, it’s about producing.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

One moment that perfectly encapsulated Burleson’s tough luck this season came on July 28 when Burleson pinch-hit with two outs in the bottom of the ninth and drove what appeared to be a game-winning, two-run home run over the wall in center field at Busch Stadium. However, Cubs center fielder Mike Tauchman leaped at the wall and caught the ball to rob Burleson of what would have been one of the grandest moments of his young MLB career.

Five nights later, after he had hit a three-run home run in the Cardinals’ win over the Twins, Burleson said: “I half expected Tauchman to come out of nowhere and catch that one, too.”

He ranks in the 95th percentile in strikeout rate (13 percent) and in the 90th percentile in whiff rate (17.7 percent).

Pointing to the tough luck he’s had all season, Burleson said his thumb injury was likely the result of “the baseball gods telling me I shouldn’t have been running.” He was hoping to push aside his disappointment of the season and finish with a flurry, but that likely won’t happen now.

“It sucks because I was going to take these last two weeks to prove that I belong here,” he said. “Hopefully I did enough up to this point.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals
Alec Burleson

Senior Reporter John Denton covers the Cardinals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

Yankees' injury updates & roster moves

January 11th, 2025

The best baseball players born on Jan. 11

January 11th, 2025

How could Cincy sort through its infield surplus?

January 11th, 2025

Community-minded Bell excited to return to DC

January 11th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/alec-burleson-injures-thumb-in-loss-to-brewers 
 ----- 
