Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Phillie Phanatic Goes Viral For Putting Failed Hex on Atlanta Braves' Ronald Acuña Jr.
Ronald Acuña Jr. hit a home run to lift the Atlanta Braves over the Philadelphia Phillies after the opposing mascot messed with him in the batter's box.
Sam Connon | Sep 11, 2023
Phillie Phanatic Goes Viral For Putting Failed Hex on Atlanta Braves' Ronald Acuña Jr. /
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Atlanta Braves

With all the winning the Atlanta Braves have done this year, it's hard to blame other teams for trying something out-of-the-box to slow them down.

The Philadelphia Phillies' notoriously disruptive mascot, the Phillie Phanatic, attempted to put a hex on superstar Ronald Acuña Jr. while he was in the batter's box on Monday.

After messing around with the Phanatic and pretending to take him deep for a home run, Acuña did it for real in the sixth inning against right-handed reliever Andrew Bellatti. Acuña crushed a no-doubt solo home run to left to put Atlanta up 8-4, going back-to-back with center fielder Michael Harris II in the process.

The Braves went on to win 10-8 in extra innings in the first half of Monday's double-header at Citizen's Bank Park. Acuña finished the game 2-for-5 with two RBI, a walk and a stolen base.

Acuña is now batting .336 with a 1.007 OPS on the season. He is up to 36 home runs, 95 RBI and 65 stolen bases in 2023, putting together a stat line that has never been seen before in MLB history. Acuña is still the odds-on favorite to win NL MVP, even if Los Angeles Dodgers outfielder Mookie Betts appears to be closing the massive gap that had existed since well before the All-Star break.

As for the Phillie Phanatic, Acuña's unprecedented production is unlikely to prevent any future mockery or hexes.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Philadelphia Phillies coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Phillies.

Check out more Atlanta Braves coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Braves Today.

Published Sep 11, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/phillie-phanatic-mascot-goes-viral-for-putting-failed-hex-on-atlanta-braves-superstar-ronald-acuna-jr 
 ----- 
