Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Philadelphia Phillies Shortstop Trea Turner Makes History With Yet Another Home Run
Trea Turner is now the second shortstop in MLB history and the second Philadelphia Phillies player ever to hit 10 home runs in 11 games.
Sam Connon | Sep 11, 2023
Philadelphia Phillies Shortstop Trea Turner Makes History With Yet Another Home Run /
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies

Trea Turner's power surge is alive and well.

The Philadelphia Phillies shortstop crushed his 25th home run of the season in the front end of a double-header against the Atlanta Braves on Monday. The Phillies were able to force extras on a ninth-inning home run from Bryce Harper that also plated Turner, but they still fell to the best team in baseball 10-8.

Turner has now belted 10 home runs in his last 11 games, after hitting just five across his previous 41 appearances.

According to MLB.com's Sarah Langs, Turner becomes the second player in Phillies history with 10 or more home runs in an 11-game span. The only player in franchise history to do it before Turner was Hall of Fame third baseman Mike Schmidt in 1976.

TREA TURNER

he’s the 2nd Phillies player with 10+ HR in an 11-game span, joining:

1976 Mike Schmidt https://t.co/7rVGVy5Owl

— Sarah Langs (@SlangsOnSports) September 11, 2023

On a league-wide scale, Langs also reported that Turner is only the second shortstop in MLB history to hit 10-plus home runs in an 11-game span. Troy Tulowitzki became the first to do so with the Colorado Rockies back in 2010.

Trea Turner is the 2nd shortstop with 10+ HR in an 11-game span, joining:

2010 Troy Tulowitzki https://t.co/nG0ACeaYID

— Sarah Langs (@SlangsOnSports) September 11, 2023

Turner entered 2023 as a career .302 hitter, but he is batting just .266 with the Phillies this season. Additionally, Turner's .783 OPS is falling notably shy of the .842 mark he posted with the Washington Nationals and Los Angeles Dodgers.

Still, Turner has endeared himself to the more hopeful Phillies fans just a few months removed from signing an 11-year, $300 million contract with the team.

Philadelphia currently holds the top NL Wild Card spot at 78-65, and the club's 19-14 record since Aug. 5 is fifth-best in the National League in that time. Turner's .381 batting average and 1.253 OPS during that span has played a major role in the Phillies' winning ways as they try to return to the World Series for the second year in a row.

The Phillies and Braves are slated to wrap up their double-header Monday starting at 6:40 p.m. ET, then face off again Tuesday and Wednesday at Citizens Bank Park at the same time.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Check out more Philadelphia Phillies coverage at Sports Illustrated and FanNation's Inside the Phillies.

Published Sep 11, 2023
SAM CONNON

Sam Connon is a Staff Writer for Fastball on the Sports Illustrated/FanNation networks. He previously covered UCLA Athletics for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's All Bruins, 247Sports' Bruin Report Online, Rivals' Bruin Blitz, the Bleav Podcast Network and the Daily Bruin, with his work as a sports columnist receiving awards from the College Media Association and Society of Professional Journalists. Connon also wrote for Sports Illustrated/FanNation's New England Patriots site, Patriots Country, and he was on the Patriots and Boston Red Sox beats at Prime Time Sports Talk.

Follow SamConnon

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/philadelphia-phillies-shortstop-trea-turner-makes-history-with-10th-home-run-in-11-games 
 ----- 
