Skip to content
Subscribe Now
30°F
Sunday, January 12th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Pennsylvania News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Philadelphia 76ers
Philadelphia Eagles
Philadelphia Flyers
Philadelphia Phillies
Philadelphia Union
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Restaurants Food and Drink
Movies
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Public Notices
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gasbuddy
Special Sections
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
LATEST HEADLINES
Braves survive Bryce Harper’s tying homer in 9th to beat Phillies 10-8 in Game 1 of doubleheader
Alec Bohm is tagged out by Atlanta Braves catcher Travis d’Arnaud while trying to score on a double by Bryson Stott during the fifth inning on Monday at Citizens Bank Park. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
By DAN GELSTON | | The Associated Press
UPDATED: September 11, 2023 at 7:22 PM EDT

PHILADELPHIA — Kevin Pillar and Orlando Arcia each had run-scoring hits in the 10th inning to move the Atlanta Braves closer to an NL East title with a 10-8 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Monday in the first game of a doubleheader.

The Braves pulled out the extra-inning victory after Bryce Harper slugged a two-out, two-run tying homer off Raisel Iglesias (4-4) in the ninth for the NL wild-card leaders.

Trea Turner beat out a two-out grounder to second in the ninth when Ozzie Albies’ throw pulled Matt Olson off first base. The play was scored a hit — and set the stage for another Harper memorable moment in the clutch.

The Phillies came up empty in the 10th against Kirby Yates, who earned his fourth save. Jose Alvarado (0-2) took the loss.

The Braves, who have secured at least a wild card and reached the postseason for the sixth straight year, need to win two of three in the rest of the series to clinch their sixth consecutive division title.

The Phillies send Michael Lorenzen (8-9, 3.95 ERA) to the mound in the second game. The Braves did not announce a starter for the second game of the day-night doubleheader.

Turner hit a two-run shot for the Phillies, his 10th homer in the last 11 games.

The Braves would love to clinch the division on the same Citizens Bank Park field where they were eliminated by the Phillies in last season’s NL Division Series. Atlanta’s five-year division title run is the longest active streak in baseball.

Yes, the Phillies — and their fans — point to that NLDS as proof that the regular season can seem inconsequential in October. The Braves won 101 games and the Phillies 87.

But the Phillies needed just four games in a lopsided series to move on and eventually reach the World Series.

The Braves won their MLB-best 94th game on Monday and are clicking like a team with serious World Series aspirations. They are +240 to win the World Series, easily the best odds to win it of any team, per FanDuel Sportsbook.

Two plays show why.

The first came in the first inning. Austin Riley drilled one off the angled wall in left-center that shot the ball back into left field. Riley never stopped busting it around the bases, and when left fielder Jake Cave stopped in his tracks after he failed to grip the ball, Riley was already rounding third. Turner made a wild cutoff throw and Riley slid headfirst into home for a 1-0 lead.

Riley was credited with a triple, Cave an error.

The second came in the fifth. The Braves let a 5-2 lead — built on RBI doubles from Ronald Acuña Jr. and Olson — nearly slip away in the inning. The Phillies cut it to 5-3 when Bryson Stott lofted a high flyball to right that Acuña lost in the afternoon sun. Yes, the ball dropped for a hit, and the Phillies scored a run, but Acuña stuck with the play, picked up the ball and fired a strike to the plate that nailed Alec Bohm for the third out.

The Braves always hustled. They didn’t give up on plays.

Michael Harris II added a two-run shot in the sixth and Acuña followed with his 36th of the season for a 7-4 lead.

WHAT DAY OFF?

Monday was scheduled as an off day for both teams.
But when the NFL schedule was released and the Eagles were slotted to play their home opener Thursday night, the Braves-Phillies game was shifted to Monday. When the scheduled June 21 game in Philadelphia was rained out, the teams were forced to play a doubleheader.

UP NEXT
The Braves send LHP Max Fried (7-1, 2.70 ERA) to the mound on Tuesday against Phillies RHP Zach Wheeler (11-6, 3.49 ERA).

Originally Published: September 11, 2023 at 4:49 PM EDT
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Plaintiff in lawsuit against county says retaliation at 911 center still alive and well
Plaintiff in lawsuit against county says retaliation at 911 center still alive and well
PowerSchool security breach impacts Delaware County school district
PowerSchool security breach impacts Delaware County school district
Chesco chiropractor convicted of groping patient will resume sentence next week
Chesco chiropractor convicted of groping patient will resume sentence next week
Crews respond for accident with entrapment on Route 1 Bypass
Crews respond for accident with entrapment on Route 1 Bypass
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
1 killed when car hits tree in Bethel Township
Field Hockey: The All-Delco Team
Field Hockey: The All-Delco Team
Fire at Brookhaven Taco Bell prompts big response
Fire at Brookhaven Taco Bell prompts big response
Delaware County Prison outbursts: aggravated assault, pushing guard, illegal tattoo maker
Delaware County Prison outbursts: aggravated assault, pushing guard, illegal tattoo maker
Fire in Upper Darby goes to 2 alarms
Fire in Upper Darby goes to 2 alarms
All-Delco Field Hockey Player of the Year: Even as a sophomore, Notre Dame’s McGinley played all the right notes
All-Delco Field Hockey Player of the Year: Even as a sophomore, Notre Dame’s McGinley played all the right notes
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN SPORTS
Flyers thump Ducks in Cutter Gauthier’s first visit to Philadelphia
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
RJ Luis Jr. scores 30 points, grabs 10 rebounds to lead St. John’s over Villanova
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Girls Basketball: Fanning twins bringing winning touch to Strath Haven hoops
BOYS BASKETBALL: Resurgent Pottsgrove rallies from 15 down to top Sun Valley, improve to 12-2
2023
September
11
SUBSCRIBE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Network Advertising
Public Notices
Jobs
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Sitemap
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Patriot Item
The Reporter
The Trentonian
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.delcotimes.com/2023/09/11/braves-survive-bryce-harpers-tying-homer-in-9th-to-beat-phillies-10-8-in-game-1-of-doubleheader/ 
 ----- 
