 MENU
My Picks
Pittsburgh Pirates vs Cincinnati Reds Prediction MLB Picks 9/22/24
Home  MLB Picks
 Andrew Jett  September 21, 2024 7:00 pm
Cincinnati Reds (75-80) vs Pittsburgh Pirates (72-82)
Game Info: Sunday, September 22, 2024 at 1:10 pm (Great American Ball Park)
Hunter Greene (9-4) (2.83) vs Paul Skenes (10-3) (2.07)
Betting Odds: Cincinnati Reds +108 / Pittsburgh Pirates -128 --- Over/Under: Click Here for the Latest Odds
Where to Watch: ATTSN, BALLY

The Pittsburgh Pirates and the Cincinnati Reds meet Sunday in MLB action from Great American Ball Park. Here’s a Pittsburgh Pirates vs Cincinnati Reds prediction. This will be the final installment in a three-game series. We will look at this from a betting perspective and determine the best Pirates vs Reds pick. We will examine:

The Pittsburgh Pirates' recent form and player performance

The Cincinnati Reds' recent form and player performance

HOT MLB CAPPERS
Mitch Wilson
W364/L380
+3,829 Units
Wayne Scott
W312/L301
+3,460 Units
Jay Yang
W525/L459
+2,170 Units
Ron Romanelli
W162/L165
+1,334 Units
CD Sports
W156/L147
+585 Units
View All Cappers

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Pittsburgh Pirates

Recent betting trends and streaks involving the Cincinnati Reds

Recent betting trends in games played between the Pirates and Reds

A summary that ties it all together and produces a favorable betting outcome for the Pirates vs Reds game

Pittsburgh Pirates Betting Preview

In their last set, the Pirates took on the St. Louis Cardinals. Pittsburgh lost the first three games before a 3-2 win Thursday. Following an 8-3 loss to the Reds in their opener, on Saturday the Pirates took a blowout loss of 7-1. Jared Jones gave up six earned in 5.0 innings as a starter.

In the starter slot for the finale, Pittsburgh will go with Paul Skenes. So far Skenes is 10-3 with a 2.07 ERA in the first 21 starts of his career.

Cincinnati Reds Betting Preview

Over on the Reds’ side, they played the Atlanta Braves in their last set. Cincinnati won 6-5 in the first game before a pair of losses to drop the series. On Saturday the Reds scored three runs in both the third and fourth innings. Rhett Lowder managed 5.0 frames with five hits and two walks.

It’ll be Hunter Greene as the starter on Sunday. This year Greene is 9-4 with a 2.83 ERA in 24 starts. Greene is 18-24 with a 3.94 ERA in 70 career starts.

Total Runs Facts
Each of the Pirates' last four-day games after playing the previous day has gone UNDER the total runs line.
Twelve of the Reds' last 14-day games against NL Central opponents have gone UNDER the total runs line.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Reds' last six-day games against National League opponents.
The 'Inning 1 UNDER 0.5 runs' market has hit in each of the Pirates' last five games as road favorites against National League opponents.
Cincinnati Reds Player Prop Facts
Tyler Stephenson has recorded at least one hit in each of his last nine appearances against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Hunter Greene has recorded a win in four of his last five appearances against NL opponents.
Hunter Greene has recorded seven or more strikeouts in each of his last four home appearances.
Tyler Stephenson has recorded at least one RBI in each of the Reds' last four games against opponents that held a losing record.
Tyler Stephenson has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances against NL opponents that held a losing record.
TJ Friedl has hit a home run in four of his last six home appearances against the Pirates.
Spencer Steer has recorded a Double in three of his last four appearances against NL Central opponents that held a losing record.
Tyler Stephenson has recorded at least one Single in seven of his last eight home appearances.
Tyler Stephenson has scored at least one run in eight of his last nine appearances against NL opponents that held a losing record.
Pittsburgh Pirates Player Prop Facts
Bryan De La Cruz has recorded at least one hit in each of his last nine appearances with his team as a favorite against NL Central opponents.
Oneil Cruz has recorded an RBI in five of his last six appearances against opponents that held a losing record.
Bryan De La Cruz has recorded at least one total base in each of his last nine appearances with his team as a favorite against NL Central opponents.
Yasmani Grandal has hit a home run in two of his last three appearances against the Reds.
Bryan Reynolds has recorded at least one Double in three of the Pirates' last four games as favorites.
Bryan De La Cruz has recorded at least one Single in eight of his last nine appearances with his team as a favorite against NL Central opponents.
Jack Suwinski has scored at least one run in eight of his last nine appearances with the Pirates as road favorites against NL opponents.
Pittsburgh Pirates vs Cincinnati Reds Prediction

I’ll stick with the Pirates. Skenes should post another solid start here, and it’ll be up to the pen and bats to finish it off. In his last three starts combined, Skenes is 2-1 with just two earned runs in 17.0 total frames. As for Greene, he’s 2-0 in his last trio with four earned over 19.0 total innings.

On Saturday the Pirates couldn’t overcome a rough start from Jones, as the offense couldn’t find much pay dirt on seven team hits. The good news is that Skenes should set the team up well on Sunday, but the offense needs to come along for the ride.

Andrew’s Pick
Pittsburgh Pirates -128
Get Premium Picks
Start Winning Now »
The pick in this article is the opinion of the writer, not a PickDawgz site consensus.
 AUTHOR: ANDREW JETT
Andrew has been writing about college, professional, and fantasy sports betting since 2013.
Follow Andrew Jett on Twitter @PickDawgzAndrew
TODAY’S TOP PICKS
Free NFL Picks
Free NBA Picks
Free CFB Picks
Free CBB Picks
Free NHL Picks
Free MLB Picks
PAGES
AboutAdvertiseContactTerms of ServiceCopyright & Privacy
SUBSCRIBE

18+ Has gambling become a problem for you? Call the National Problem Gambling Hotline.
1-800-522-4700 | ncpgambling.org
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://pickdawgz.com/mlb-picks/2024-09-22/pittsburgh-pirates-vs-cincinnati-reds-prediction-mlb-picks 
 ----- 
