Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
LIVE UPDATES
20 arrested for looting as wildfires rip through Los Angeles
MLB
Dodgers’ Kiké Hernández truly didn’t ‘give a f–k’ during wild postgame NLDS interview
By Andrew Crane
Published Oct. 11, 2024, 11:29 p.m. ET
65

Kiké Hernández even checked to see if his Fox postgame interview was live.

The answer — yes, of course, in the moments after the Dodgers defeated the Padres in Game 5 of the NLDS — didn’t change what Hernández said.

When asked what makes this Dodgers team different, Hernández paused, checked about being live and then matter-of-factly stated, “The fact that we don’t give a f–k.”

3
Kiké Hernández participates in an interview after the Dodgers’ Game 5 win.
Screengrab via X/@PitchingNinja

Hernández’s postgame interview followed a clincher where he — in a lineup that also featured Shohei Ohtani, Mookie Betts and Freddie Freeman well ahead of his No. 7 spot in the batting order — emerged as a hero for a solo home run that ultimately served as the game-winning blast when everything settled into place seven innings later.

Hernández, at one point a Yankees target during the offseason, signed another deal with the Dodgers — where he’d previously spent seven-plus years across a lengthy career and won a World Series during the condensed 2020 season — and hit .229 with a .654 OPS during the regular season.

3
Kiké Hernández homered for the Dodgers during their Game 5 win on Oct. 11.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con

“The main reason [I signed] was they were able to guarantee me to start at least against left-handed pitchers to start the year and then from there on, anything can happen,” Hernández said of choosing the Dodgers over the Yankees during an appearance on “Foul Territory” in February. “The Yankees have a really good lineup as well, just like the Dodgers, but they have a lot of right-handed hitters and their lefties are not platoon guys. So the only way for me to get in the lineup was to either give guys days off or in case somebody got hurt.”

He didn’t start in the NLDS series against the Padres until Game 4 when he collected two hits and scored a run in an 8-0 win.

Then, on a night where the utilityman played both third base and centerfield, Hernández sent a four-seam fastball from Yu Darvish 428 feet over the left-center field fence, handing the Dodgers an early lead that Teoscar Hernández would double in the seventh inning with his own solo homer.

3
Kiké Hernández (r.) celebrates after hitting a home run during the Dodgers’ Game 5 win on Oct. 11.
USA TODAY Sports via Reuters Con
65

What do you think? Post a comment.

And against a Padres lineup that didn’t score a run in the final 24 innings of the series, the pair of runs ended up being more than enough to secure a spot in their first NLCS since 2021 — with Game 1 against the Mets set for Sunday in Los Angeles.

FILED UNDER KIKÉ HERNANDEZ  LOS ANGELES DODGERS  MLB PLAYOFFS  SAN DIEGO PADRES  10/11/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Stephen Colbert Is Facing Some Serious Backlash For His Comments
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
The Most Inappropriate Outfits Celebs Have Worn To Weddings
GLAM.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
The Tragedy Of Fox News Host Bret Baier Is Just So Sad
NickiSwift.com
The Long List Of Celebs Who Fled America After Trump's Election
TheList.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Taylor Swift PR Breakup Plan Leak 'Blindsided' Travis Kelce
Thenerdstash.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/11/sports/dodgers-kike-hernandez-didnt-give-a-f-k-during-nlds-interview/ 
 ----- 
