NBA

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Trade Board
Viewer Guide
The Basketball 100
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
All the adrenaline.
All the expertise.
All the savings.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
Nate McMillan, Scott Brooks and the infamous NBA brawl that’s a part of JJ Redick’s Lakers
Jason Quick
Jan 6, 2025

34

LOS ANGELES — It was one week into his new job as coach of the Los Angeles Lakers when JJ Redick had a sudden rush of horror.

He had just hired his first two assistant coaches, and he couldn’t have been more pleased. Nate McMillan had 19 years of NBA head-coaching experience. And Scott Brooks spent 12 years as an NBA head coach. Both played point guard in the NBA, McMillan for 12 seasons and Brooks for 10. They had a combined 1,281 wins as coaches.

It was the perfect blend of experience, knowledge and credibility that Redick felt he needed beside him as a first-time coach.

But then, the rush of horror: Someone sent him a video.

As Redick watched, his jaw dropped. There on his screen were McMillan and Brooks at each other’s throats during a 1993 playoff game. Their dust-up — McMillan elbowing Brooks in the jaw as he drove baseline, and Brooks launching into McMillan in retaliation — sparked a bench-clearing brawl in the third quarter of Game 5 between McMillan’s Seattle SuperSonics and Brooks’ Houston Rockets.

Both McMillan and Brooks were ejected and later fined.

“I was like, ‘Jesus! How did I not know this?’” Redick remembers saying to himself.

Before Redick had watched the video, he had scheduled a video call with McMillan and Brooks for the next day. He planned to talk plays, philosophy and ask the veteran coaches how they would map out training camp. Now, knowing what he knew about their past, he felt he needed a different opening to the meeting.

“So, I get on the Zoom the next day, and am like, ‘Uh, first off … are you guys OK? Are we good here? Because I was unaware,’” Redick said.

Over the last 31 years, McMillan said he and Brooks never really talked to each other about their confrontation. Even in the immediate wake of the fight, before Game 6, there was no handshake, no apology, no nothing.

And it pretty much stayed that way for three decades.

“We didn’t acknowledge that until we coached against each other,” McMillan said. “And even then, we would just kind of nod at each other and smile. But you know, in the back of your mind it’s … that’s the guy …”

When the two were announced as Redick’s top assistants on July 3, the stalemate was broken. Redick said the two told him they connected on the phone after their hires.

“They worked it out,” Redick said.

Turns out, there wasn’t much to work out. As players, McMillan and Brooks were never the most talented guys on the floor. They had extended careers because they were smart and scrappy. The way each held his ground that day in Seattle could have been any other day in their careers: No backing down, no inch given.

So, after the incident, there was no need to address it. Neither player held a grudge. Neither had regret. It was business as usual.

But all these years later, a funny thing happened once they joined Redick’s staff and got to know each other. McMillan and Brooks found they are linked by more than just their scuffle.

“We’re the same guy,” McMillan said.

By the time Game 5 arrived in the second-round series between Seattle and Houston in 1993, McMillan was on edge.

McMillan and Brooks were backups — McMillan to Gary Payton and Brooks to Kenny Smith — and they were beginning to face off more as the series evolved. Brooks’ minutes increased from nine and seven in the first two games to 21 minutes in Games 3 and 4. That meant Brooks and McMillan often going head-to-head.

“They had (Vernon) Maxwell over there acting crazy and s—, and we were already fired up to play them,” McMillan said. “And then, (Brooks) was out there being a pest, scrapping and clawing for everything … and I just had enough.”

It was a marquee playoff matchup — Houston and Seattle both finished 55-27 and were stacked with stars: The Sonics with a young Payton and Shawn Kemp and Houston with accomplished veterans Hakeem Olajuwon, Otis Thorpe and Smith.

In his seventh NBA season, McMillan was a lanky 6-foot-5 floor general, known for his steady and reliable decisions and dogged defense. Brooks was a pesky, 5-foot-10 jitter bug — a pass-first point guard who took pride in being a nuisance on defense.

The series was tied 2-2, and as Game 5 unfolded, McMillan and Brooks found themselves tangled and locked up with each other on several occasions. In the third quarter, McMillan drove left and tried to lose Brooks on a screen by teammate Derrick McKey. Brooks bounced off McKey and immediately re-engaged with McMillan, touching and bumping him along the way.

“They had been banging pretty good, all game,” referee Bob Delaney told The Athletic. “I thought they would figure it out one way or another.”

They did.

McMillan tried to create space by giving Brooks a nudge with his elbow. As he continued toward the basket, McMillan gave another elbow. All the while, Brooks remained unfazed, still attached to McMillan’s side.

“At that point, it was like … enough is enough,” McMillan said.

McMillan continued driving and rose toward the basket, his elbow catching Brooks flush on the chin. Brooks responded by lunging at McMillan and grabbing his jersey near the armpits. Brooks pushed McMillan into the basket stanchion.

Then, mayhem.

Thorpe threw Kemp to the floor. Players dogpiled under the basket. Sonics coach George Karl was in the middle of it all, spinning and spewing, later admitting he was trying to get Thorpe to punch him so the Rockets forward would get suspended.

Beneath it all was McMillan and Brooks.

“I was trying to get underneath him,” McMillan said. “But he was too small … so we just went to the floor. Someone got put in a chokehold … and we were all on the floor tussling and all that, but no blows were thrown or anything.”

Delaney, the lead official, broke his right pinky while trying to break up the quarrel. To this day, his pinky juts out at an odd angle.

“So, I’m reminded of that game daily,” Delaney said with a chuckle. “And the funny thing is, those are two good, good guys. Great guys. It was just a heat-of-the-battle thing.”

McMillan and Karl were fined $5,000. Brooks was fined $2,000.

The Sonics went on to win Game 5, and later the series after a 103-100 win in Game 7, with the lasting image of a memorable series provided by two backups.

It shouldn’t have been a surprise that McMillan and Brooks would find themselves tussling on the court. Brooks, after all, was in seventh grade when his mother drove him to the house of a kid who beat up Brooks. She watched as her son got his revenge on the kids’ front lawn. The lesson: Never get bullied.

McMillan, meanwhile, had his own experience with sticking up for himself. Earlier in his career, he got into it with Maxwell after the Rockets guard undercut him in a game, and he fought with big men Kevin Willis and Mark Bryant.

“Kevin Willis hit me with a cheap shot — a screen — and I tried to take his head off,” McMillan said. “Same thing with Mark Bryant.”

Brooks, who has taken a no-media stance since joining the Lakers, twice declined to be interviewed for this story. It’s not because Brooks harbors ill feelings or regret about the incident.

“We laugh about it all the time now,” McMillan said. “The first thing I saw when they announced they had signed both of us was the video (of the fight). And my daughter (Brittany) was like, ‘Dad!?! What is going on?’ She had never seen that, she didn’t know. And Scotty’s kid and wife said the same thing: ‘What are you guys doing?’”

It didn’t take long for McMillan to discover he and Brooks share something more than a memorable tussle.

“He is the coolest MFer, man,” McMillan said. “I could hang with him.”

McMillan related to Brooks’ backstory — a 10-year NBA career after being undrafted — and he remembered his hard-nosed style of play.

“We both had to come up through this s— the hard way,” McMillan said. “We weren’t scorers; we were hard-hat guys. Glue guys. We had to scrap in order to make it in this league.”

As McMillan spent more time with Brooks, he also became drawn to his knowledge and the way Brooks interacted with people.

“We are very similar,” McMillan said. “We are no-nonsense. Old school. But he is different from me in that he can communicate in a way that I can’t. Like, you look at me, and you don’t know if we are up 40 or down 40. Scotty actually smiles. He actually has a personality. And that makes him great with the staff and the team. Like, I could play for him. Just a great deal of respect for him.”

	Scott Brooks (left) and Nate McMillan coached against each other for years after their brawl as players but never acknowledged the dust-up until joining the Lakers staff last summer. (Mike Ehrmann / Getty Images)

When Redick was hired in June, the extent of his sideline experience was coaching his son’s third-grade team in Brooklyn. As a result, Redick said he and Lakers general manager Rob Pelinka wanted to hire two former head coaches to assist him.

Redick, a sharpshooter who logged 15 seasons in the NBA, never played for McMillan or Brooks. He said his interaction with McMillan was limited to a 2018 free-agency pitch made by Indiana, when McMillan was the head coach (Redick chose to sign with Philadelphia). However, Redick played a season and a half with New Orleans, where McMillan’s son, Jamelle, was a player development coach.

“I just always felt really comfortable with the person and character of Nate,” Redick said. “And as my name got involved in the coaching stuff, I had a half-dozen people reach out and say, ‘Non-negotiable, you have to hire Scotty Brooks.”

Redick says they have both been “perfect fits” because each can offer a different perspective.

“I call both of them my spiritual gurus,” Redick said. “They are great with the X’s and O’s stuff — our entire staff is — but I think with them, it’s just … they have seen everything having been in the NBA 35-40 years. There are three or four times a week where I’m like, ‘Hey, did I handle that right? How should I handle this … and what did your teams do when they were going through X, Y, Z?’ They have lived it all.”

McMillan, who last coached the Atlanta Hawks in 2023, said the offer to join Redick’s staff was too good to turn down. He said he knew he was done with head coaching after being fired by the Hawks, but the chance to coach LeBron James and Anthony Davis, and to not have to deal with the headaches of being a head coach appealed to him.

“I’m over the first seat. I’m done with that,” McMillan said. “My thing is to assist JJ and give him my thoughts, and whatever he decides, assist him on his decision. I’m not the offensive coach. I’m not the defensive coach. I just kind of chat with everybody, help with game management, and, if he has any questions, tell him what I see.”

One of the first pieces of advice McMillan offered involved James, one of the game’s biggest superstars. He implored Redick to hold firm and believe in his system, believe in his coaching, even if James pushes back.

“One thing I’ve learned as I’ve played and coached in this league is those stars want to be coached, too,” McMillan said. “They want to be coached, and they need to be coached. So, I’m telling JJ here that LeBron, he’s going to question everything … because he’s great. But if you believe what you are doing, it’s OK. It’s that old saying: If we are both agreeing on everything, then s—, we don’t need one of you.’”

	JJ Redick hired Brooks (center) and McMillan without realizing their history. “I was like, ‘Jesus! How did I not know this?’’’ Redick remembers saying to himself. (Harry How/Getty Images)

McMillan said Redick has been exceptional in the way he has delivered his message to the Lakers. He said it’s like watching one of the game’s Redick called when he was an announcer for ESPN.

“He’s almost like Hubie (Brown), how when you watch one of his games, he makes you understand it,’’ McMillan said. “He’s doing that for his players. The X’s and O’s, and putting all that together — he has to work on that, and he has (assistant) Greg St. Jean, who is really helping him. All that will come. But his ability to communicate with players, he’s been great. He challenges them all; he coaches them all. And he’s not afraid of LeBron. He respects him, but he says what he thinks and what he wants to say.”

And somewhere down the line this season, Redick says he will hold a special film session with the team. It will be the clip from Game 5 of the 1993 playoffs, when two assistants on the Lakers bench went head-to-head … and beyond.

“At some point, I’m going to show that clip to the team,’’ Redick said. “Just so they can understand who those two f—s are.’’

(Photo illustration: Dan Goldfarb/The Athletic; Getty; Nathaniel S. Butler/NBAE, Thearon W. Henderson)

Jason Quick is a senior writer for The Athletic. Based in Portland, he writes about personalties and trends of the NBA, with a focus on human connections. He has been named Oregon sportswriter of the year four times and has won awards from APSE, SPJ, and Pro Basketball Writers Association. Follow Jason on Twitter @jwquick

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/6027522/2025/01/06/lakers-jj-redick-nba-fight-brooks-mcmillan/ 
 ----- 
