Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
MLB
Aaron Boone: Yankees players’ September performance does matter
By Greg Joyce
Published Sep. 26, 2023, 8:27 p.m. ET
25
EXPLORE MORE
Yankees fans who mauled Mookie Betts at World Series banned from all MLB stadiums indefinitely
Why this spring could be the last chance for this pair of Yankees infielders
Yankees, Mark Leiter Jr. can’t reach deal with arbitration looming

TORONTO — The old baseball mantra cautions against fully buying into what you see in spring training or September.

But unlike spring training, when results do not mean anything, Aaron Boone believes that September still offers an important month of games as the Yankees try to evaluate what some of their younger players can do and how they might fit into future plans.

“That’s a fun narrative that everyone loves to throw out,” Boone said of the spring training/September adage. “These games matter. We’re playing playoff teams. I find it a little funny that because somebody came up with the cliché of, ‘You can’t trust spring training and September,’ everyone just runs with that.

“I would disagree with that. Sure, you gotta take it all in and everything doesn’t fall into a certain month. But it’s all part of the important evaluation, especially when you’re talking about young players.”

Of the Yankees’ nine series this month, five are against teams fighting for playoff spots, including the one they started on Tuesday at Rogers Centre against the Blue Jays.

3
Yankees manager Aaron Boone said players’ September stats do matter and should be a part of their evaluation.
Jason Szenes for the New York Post

That ups the ante, because even if the Yankees are not competing for anything in the postseason, their opponents are, which gives those games some extra significance.

“Even though we’re out of it now, we have a lot to play for and a lot to prove over this final week of the season,” Boone said Tuesday, two days after the Yankees were officially eliminated. “I feel like guys are of that mindset.”

Then again, the Yankees were playing for plenty last September when it looked like Oswaldo Cabrera was primed to play a key role in 2023 and Oswald Peraza was setting himself up to be their starting shortstop — neither of which ended up coming to fruition.

A year later, Cabrera and Peraza are again trying to use September to finish the season strong and establish roles for themselves moving forward.

Austin Wells and Everson Pereira (plus Jasson Dominguez before he tore his UCL) are also in that same boat with their first big-league cameos over the final month of the season.

“Of course you’ve got to take it all in and a grain of salt with certain things,” Boone said. “But if you’re telling me it doesn’t matter, OK. I think that’s probably just an old baseballism. Of course you’re evaluating all things. You’re evaluating the season — in young players’ case, the minor league season they’ve put together.

“Now getting to be here, playing in these games, how do they respond in different atmospheres and environments? It’s all part of their development process.”

3
Yankees utilityman Oswaldo Cabrera hit .271 in his last 13 game entering Tuesday night’s game against the Blue Jays.
Getty Images

The Yankees entered Tuesday with the best record in baseball since Aug. 28 at 17-9. Each of their young players has shown flashes of his potential during that stretch.

In 19 September games, Peraza was hitting .274 with a .741 OPS.

Cabrera had put together his best stretch of at-bats in a mostly tough season, hitting .271 with a .735 OPS in his last 13 games. Wells was hitting .280 with a .948 OPS across his last seven games.

Even Estevan Florial had looked better at the plate than he had in any of his previous call-ups.

3
Yankees rookie Oswald Peraza has hit .274 in 19 September games entering Tuesday night’s game against the Blue Jays.
AP

Of course, deciphering September results is not just about young players.

The Yankees are also trying to get a read on whether Michael King could be a full-time member of the rotation next year and have Carlos Rodon finish a mostly lost season with some momentum heading into the offseason.

Is it all a sign of things to come or just a good few weeks at the end of a long season with the pressure turned down?

25

What do you think? Post a comment.

“I’ve heard that [saying] forever,” Boone said. “And not that there’s not some merit to it. Of course. It’s not like, ‘Oh, this guy was great in September, here we go.’ Of course. But to say it’s not an important part of everything and development and gathering of information and gathering thoughts and opinions about people — it is important.”

FILED UNDER AARON BOONE  NEW YORK YANKEES  OSWALD PERAZA  OSWALDO CABRERA  9/26/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/26/aaron-boone-yankees-players-september-stats-do-matter/ 
 ----- 
