Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
MLB
Austin Wells continues to impress with bat by homering again in Yankees’ win
By Greg Joyce
Published Sep. 26, 2023, 10:02 p.m. ET
131
EXPLORE MORE
Yankees fans who mauled Mookie Betts at World Series banned from all MLB stadiums indefinitely
Why this spring could be the last chance for this pair of Yankees infielders
Yankees, Mark Leiter Jr. can’t reach deal with arbitration looming

TORONTO — Most of the praise Austin Wells has received in his first month as a big-leaguer has come for his work behind the plate and learning a new pitching staff.

But it was his bat that was his calling card through his rise to the Yankees, and it has started to get louder over the past week.

Wells crushed a two-run home run off Blue Jays closer Jordan Romano in the ninth inning Tuesday night to lift the Yankees to a 2-0 win at Rogers Centre.

With his second home run in as many days — and third in his last five games — Wells helped the Yankees (80-77) keep the Blue Jays (87-70) from inching closer to a playoff spot, at least for a night.

“It’s unbelievable,” Wells said. “Coming in here and getting to have a hit like that in the late innings is what you play the game for. Felt good and glad I had the opportunity to be up there in that situation with the guys on the mound putting us in that situation.”

Austin Wells rounds the bases after hitting the game-winning two run homer in the ninth inning of the Yankees’ 2-0 win over the Blue Jays.
Getty Images

In addition to his clutch home run, Wells caught a shutout that was led by Michael King, who continued to look strong in his audition to make next year’s rotation.

Even without his sharpest stuff (five walks), King one-hit the Blue Jays across six shutout innings while facing them for the second time in a week.

He now has a 1.05 ERA in seven starts since ditching the bullpen.

Michael King throws, who pitched six scoreless innings, delivers a pitch during the first inning of the Yankees’ win.
AP

Over his last eight games, meanwhile, Wells is 8-for-29 with three home runs and three doubles after a quiet start to his big-league career at the plate.

“He’s been swinging really well now finally this last week,” manager Aaron Boone said. “He’s started to get more and more comfortable. You’ve seen from the jump — hitterish in the box, he’s got that. Now he’s starting to get some results, really starting to drive the ball. That’s a good one the other way off Romano. He’s starting to string together a lot of good at-bats. … He’s looking good.”

In his first at-bat Tuesday, Wells flew out to the warning track in center field off Kevin Gausman, who tossed seven shutout innings. But against Romano in the ninth, he took a 96 mph fastball the other way for the go-ahead blast.

“That’s what I’m trying to do with a pitch middle-away — take it the other way,” Wells said. “I think that means that my bat’s flattening out a bit. That’s where I want to be and that’s what I’m trying to continue to do.”

Before Wells went deep, the Yankees’ best chance to score came in the seventh inning when they had runners on the corners with one out. But Giancarlo Stanton’s lack of speed continued to stick out like a sore thumb when he was thrown out trying to score from third on a chopper to shortstop Bo Bichette, who was playing a few steps closer than halfway on the dirt.

The Yankees had some strong defense of their own to maintain the shutout, including from Oswald Peraza at shortstop. In the fifth inning, Peraza cleanly backhanded a ground ball to the hole and unleashed a strong throw to nail Alejandro Kirk in plenty of time at first.

131

What do you think? Post a comment.

“He made that play like he was bored,” Boone said with a grin. “That’s a special play. That’s what he is defensively.”

FILED UNDER AUSTIN WELLS  MICHAEL KING  NEW YORK YANKEES  9/26/23
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 39 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data. Privacy NoticeCookie Policy
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow All
Manage Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/09/26/austin-wells-homers-again-as-yankees-beat-blue-jays/ 
 ----- 
