www.ghanaweb.com wants to
Show notifications
Block
Allow
Stay in touch with our LATEST NEWS and offers in real time!

No email required.
Allow notifications to continue.
Privacy policy
  
Self Service Advert Sitemap Partners About Us
Sign up Login
Home
News
Sports
Business
Entertainment
Africa
GhanaWeb TV
Opinions
Cartoons
Say It Loud
Country
Home - Sports
Soccer Portal
Archived Sports News
Sports Videos | TV
Year In Review
Sports Photos
Sports Headlines
Sports Blogs
More
Sports
You are here: Home → Sports → 2024 03 22 → Article 1922627
Click to view details
56.300%   

5,374,996

Sports News of Friday, 22 March 2024

Source: www.ghanaweb.com

13th African Games: Here's the medal table after Ghana clocked 50 with Nigeria only two shy of 100

« Prev

Next »

Comments (14)

Listen to Article

Share:

Ghana have won 50 medals so far at the African Games

The victory of the Black Princesses of Ghana over Nigeria in the final of the women’s football of the 13th African Games on Thursday, March 21, 2024, has taken the country's medals tally to 50.

Team Ghana had 49 medals prior to the women's finals, with 10 of them being gold, 23 being silver and 16 being bronze.

There were also significant movements outside the top five on the table, with Morocco jumping from ninth to seventh, pushing Mauritius, who previously held the position, to eighth.

Kenya, ranked 11th on Wednesday, broke into the top ten after winning four medals on Thursday, March 21, 2024. They are now ninth on the medal table.

Eritrea, who had been lying on 8th for some days, has been pushed two steps lower, with Ethiopia dropping to 11th after garnering fourteen medals.

The top five of the table, however, witnessed no significant changes, with Egypt still leading the pack with 175 medals, eight more than they had on Wednesday.

Nigeria won eight more medals on Thursday, which has seen their tally go up to 98. They have now equalled the medal haul of third-placed South Africa, but lead due to the difference in gold medal honors.

While Nigeria has so far won 37 gold medals, South Africa has managed 29, which is four more than fourth-placed Algeria, who have 24 gold medals.

In total, Algeria has won 99 medals with 33 silver and 44 bronze.

Completing the top five is Tunisia, whose medal accumulation has shot up from 66 on Wednesday, to 73, which is a significantly impressive jump.

At the bottom of the table, Ghana’s eastern neighbour, Togo is ranked 36th, with just three medals to their credit.

They are a level above Chad, Djibouti, Rwanda, Lesotho and Guinea-Bissau who are ranked 37th with just a bronze medal each to their credit.

See the full table below



See the full table below





Our coverage of the 13th African Games is brought to you by Bethel Logistics Co. Ltd Bethel Logistics, experts in shipping logistics

Related Articles:
Forum for Accountable Governance petitions OSP over $245m expenditure for All African Games
MPs clash in Parliament over breakdown of money spent on African Games
Rose Amankwaah: The Ghanaian sprinter who served as a nurse in the UK for 50 years
13th Africa Games: GIS honours Armwrestling Team, offers recruitment to five medal winners
Black Satellites coach Desmond Ofei names Jose Mourinho as his role model
Read all related articles

Comments:
This article has 14 comment(s), give your comment
Ursula Owusu Arrested
'God will take care of me' – Koku Anyi doho 'rejects' Mahama appointment
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored by Taboola
"Save Money Every Month with a New HVAC System!"
Kenya will enhance her relations with Ghana - Ruto
Deputy IGP Yohuno directed us to disobey orders - Police Sergeant...
Skip Ad
Discover
Read More
"Save Money Every Month with a New HVAC System!"
HVAC Services | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
See Why Seniors Are Switching To These SUVs (The Prices Might Surprise You)
Seniors: Discover Discounts & Savings On New SUVs With These Searches.
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New and Permanent Teeth in 24 Hours - Life Changing!
Over 15,000 people can’t be wrong! Every day, G4 by Golpa restores smiles and transforms people’s lives. That’s why...
G4 By Golpa
|
Sponsored
Say Goodbye to Pests, Hello to Peace of Mind
Pest Control | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Seniors: New Electric Cars Come With Tiny Price Tags (Take A Look)
FrequentSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
The All New Mind Blowing Honda CRV Is Finally Here (Take a Look)
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
News
Outgoing Akufo-Addo govt performs better in 10 out of 13 key macroeconomic indicators
Business
Agricultural Development Bank defends $750k contract amid Okudzeto Ablakwa's claims
Entertainment
His own mother exposed him; he flaunted a Rolls-Royce he hasn't seen – Stonebwoy targets 'the settings man'
Africa
Kenya's president promises to stop abductions following wave of disappearances
Opinions
Halt expulsion of NPP members from party at this crucial period, party's fortunes already not encouraging
Navigation Links
Home News Sports Business Entertainment Africa GhanaWeb TV Opinions Cartoon Say It loud
Useful links
About Us Advertising FAQ Sitemap Privacy Policy
Download Our App

Copyright © 1994 - 2024 GhanaWeb. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ghanaweb.com/GhanaHomePage/SportsArchive/13th-African-Games-Here-s-the-medal-table-after-Ghana-clocked-50-with-Nigeria-only-two-shy-of-100-1922627 
 ----- 
