Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
LIVE: Braves vs. Phillies NLDS Game 3 on TBS
Share
LIVE: Braves vs. Phillies NLDS Game 3 on TBS
October 11th, 2023

Mark Bowman

@mlbbowman

Todd Zolecki

@ToddZolecki

Christina De Nicola

@cdenicola13
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

ATLANTA -- We’ve got ourselves a series.

Thanks to the Braves’ thrilling 5-4 comeback victory over the Phillies in Game 2 on Monday night at Truist Park, the National League Division Series shifts to Philadelphia tied at a game apiece.

After Atlanta’s prolific lineup was held scoreless through the first 14 innings of the NLDS, it erupted for five runs over the final three frames of Game 2. The Braves then turned a dramatic 8-5-3 double play to secure the win in the ninth -- the first DP involving an outfielder to end a postseason game, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.

“We can go there and win one, and then we come back and win in front of these fans,” said Braves center fielder Michael Harris II, who started the game-ending play. “But I guess the ideal thing is for us to go in there and win two and put it away."

When a Division Series with the current 2-2-1 format has been tied after two games, the club heading home for Games 3 and 4 has won the series 28 of 42 times (67 percent). That includes last year’s NLDS between these two clubs, when Philadelphia won both contests at Citizens Bank Park to advance to the NL Championship Series.

For that reason, there is no panic from the Phillies, who boast a 24-11 postseason record at Citizens Bank Park. The .686 win percentage is the best in the playoffs for any team in any park (minimum 20 games).

“I think it's just being realistic that, you know, we came in here, we … split the two games here, and now we have home-field advantage,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said. “We go back to our place. It's going to be raucous and wild, and we’ve just got to keep playing baseball. This is, as I've said all year, a resilient club, tough club. They're going to bounce back.”

Related
Kepler excited to join Phillies: 'A bunch of ballers'

January 10th, 2025

Bohm, Suárez among six Phils avoiding arbitration with 2025 deals

January 10th, 2025

What are these 4 Phils' chances at 2025 HOF?

January 8th, 2025

Braves settle with arbitration-eligible players Kelenic, Lee

January 9th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

How high can Harris fly? 'He's a special talent'

January 9th, 2025

When is the game and how can I watch it?

Today's game is being televised in the U.S. on TBS.

All series are available in the U.S. on MLB.TV with authentication to a participating Pay TV provider. Games are available live internationally (except in Canada). Full game archives are available approximately 90 minutes after the game ends.

Who are the starting pitchers?

Braves: RHP Bryce Elder
Late Wednesday morning, the Braves announced Elder as their Game 3 starter over rookie AJ Smith-Shawver. Although he fatigued down the stretch, Elder was an All-Star this year and is the Braves' most experienced starting option available. Elder’s lone appearance in Philadelphia came back on June 22, when he held the Phillies scoreless over seven innings while allowing three hits, two walks and striking out six.

Fried battles through Game 2 start, but blister not a factor
Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Phillies: RHP Aaron Nola
Philadelphia loves its chance in Game 3 with Nola on the mound.

The right-hander pitched seven scoreless innings against Miami in Game 2 of the NL Wild Card Series last Wednesday. The Phillies believe that Nola has found his groove after an up-and-down season. In his past three starts, including that one against the Marlins, Nola is 1-0 with a 1.37 ERA. He has struck out 19 and walked one over 19 2/3 innings.

Nola has a 3.50 ERA in three starts this season against the Braves. He is 16-10 with a 3.30 ERA in 34 career starts against them (including the postseason), and he is 12-3 with a 2.59 ERA in 18 starts against Atlanta at Citizens Bank Park.

What are the starting lineups?

Braves: After getting shut out when the club toyed with its lineup for Game 1, Atlanta went back to its regular lineup for Game 2. The Braves won’t again try to fix something that wasn’t broken during the regular season -- they're sticking with what worked in Game 2.

Ronald Acuña Jr., RF
Ozzie Albies, 2B
Austin Riley, 3B
Matt Olson, 1B
Marcell Ozuna, DH
Travis d'Arnaud, C
Eddie Rosario, LF
Orlando Arcia, SS
Michael Harris II, CF

Phillies: Philadelphia is returning to its right-handed lineup, with Brandon Marsh replacing Cristian Pache in left field and Bryce Harper and Alec Bohm flipping spots in the middle of the lineup. Here's the full lineup for Game 3:

Kyle Schwarber, DH
Trea Turner, SS
Bryce Harper, 1B
Alec Bohm, 3B
Bryson Stott, 2B
J.T. Realmuto, C
Nick Castellanos, RF
Brandon Marsh, LF
Johan Rojas, CF

How will the bullpens line up after the starter?

Braves: The relief corps should be fresh coming off another off-day. A.J. Minter, Pierce Johnson and Joe Jiménez serve as the primary setup men for closer Raisel Iglesias. Minter and Brad Hand are the only lefties, and Hand had success this past month against Schwarber and Harper.

Phillies: Everybody should be ready for Game 3 after an off-day on Tuesday. Left-hander José Alvarado and right-hander Craig Kimbrel can be used interchangeably in the eighth and ninth innings, depending on what pocket of Atlanta’s lineup is due up. Right behind them are righties Jeff Hoffman, Seranthony Domínguez and Orion Kerkering and lefties Gregory Soto and Matt Strahm.

Any injuries of note?

Braves: Charlie Morton will miss the NLDS because of a strained right index finger.

Phillies: Rhys Hoskins is on the 60-day IL following left ACL surgery in March. The Phils have said Hoskins has a chance to play this postseason, but it would not happen until the World Series. Even then, he would be limited to DH or pinch-hitter duties. Hoskins is in Clearwater, Fla., where he’s continuing to rehab and face live pitching as part of Philadelphia's stay-ready group.

Who’s hot, who’s not?

Braves: All of Atlanta’s hitters were lagging through the first 14 frames of this series. d’Arnaud’s struggles extend back through the second half of the season, but his two-run homer off Zack Wheeler in the seventh inning on Monday might get him going. Olson (11 HR, 1.147 OPS), Acuña (11 HR, 1.111 OPS) and Ozuna (nine HR, 1.034 OPS) were three of the Majors’ hottest players after August ended.

Phillies: Realmuto homered in Game 2. It was his second home run this postseason and his fifth career postseason long ball, which is a Phillies record for a catcher. Turner has at least one hit in each of the four playoff games, including three doubles. In three postseason appearances, Alvarado has struck out four over three scoreless innings.

Anything else fans should know?

Braves: Atlanta took three of four when it played in Philadelphia in September. Olson has 11 homers in 70 career at-bats at Citizens Bank Park.

Phillies: Philadelphia, which went 49-32 at home this season, has won eight of its past 10 postseason games at Citizens Bank Park.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Philadelphia Phillies
Atlanta Braves

Supervising Club Reporter Mark Bowman has covered the Braves for MLB.com since 2001.

Senior Reporter Todd Zolecki has covered the Phillies since 2003, and for MLB.com since 2009.

Christina De Nicola covers the Marlins for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Blue Jays ink RHP Hoffman to 3-year deal

1:38 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

January 10th, 2025

10 players who could be 2025 versions of '24's breakout stars

3:00 AM UTC

Freeman, Taylor helping raise funds for wildfire relief efforts

1:21 AM UTC

Inbox: Is Sasaki ROY favorite regardless of league?

January 10th, 2025

Fans who interfered with Betts in WS Game 4 banned from all parks indefinitely

January 10th, 2025

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/braves-vs-phillies-nlds-game-3-starting-lineups-and-pitching-matchup-2023 
 ----- 
