Skip to content
WHYY
play
Listen Live • BBC World Service
WHYY
DONATE
Primary Menu
News
Radio & Podcasts
Radio Schedule
Ways to Listen
WHYY Listen App
TV
TV Schedule
Live TV
Watch on Demand
Stream PBS Kids
Arts
Events
Education
Your Learning Neighborhood
For Students
For Educators
Pathways to Media Careers
WHYY Media Labs
Youth Media Awards
Support
WHYY Membership
WHYY Passport
WHYY Member Portal
Sponsorship
Vehicle Donation Program
Volunteer
Search for:
NEWSLETTERS
DONATE
COMMUNITYPHILADELPHIASPORTS
Bryce Harper slugs 2 more homers as Phillies pound Braves 10-2 in Game 3 of NL Division Series

The Phillies took a 2-1 lead and can advance to the NL Championship Series for the second straight season with a win at home Thursday.

ByAssociated PressDan GelstonOctober 11, 2023

Philadelphia Phillies' Bryce Harper reacts after hitting a home run during the fifth inning of Game 3 of a baseball NL Division Series against the Atlanta Braves Wednesday, Oct. 11, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)

Bryce Harper answered Orlando Arcia’s mockery with a mammoth three-run homer and a solo shot, glaring at the shortstop on each trot around the bases, and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Atlanta Braves 10-2 in Game 3 of their NL Division Series on Wednesday night.

Nick Castellanos homered twice as Philadelphia rebounded from its disappointing loss at Atlanta on Monday night. Trea Turner and Brandon Marsh also went deep.

Aaron Nola (2-0) and four relievers combined to push the 104-win Braves to the brink of elimination. The Phillies can advance to the NL Championship Series for the second straight season with a win at home Thursday.

Harper continues to make teams pay for any perceived slight, and his eighth and ninth postseason homers in the last two seasons added to his growing October lore.

WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor

Not that he needs any incentive to go deep, but Harper tried to atone for a Game 2 baserunning blunder that capped an astonishing collapse. Harper had rounded second base on a deep flyout and was doubled up at first to end the game, the final meltdown in a series of late-inning plays that melted a 4-0 lead into a 5-4 loss.

In the jubilant Atlanta clubhouse after the win, Arcia reportedly cracked, “ha-ha, attaboy, Harper.” Faster than Harper rocked his shot off Game 3 starter Bryce Elder (0-1), the barb got back to the two-time NL MVP.

“If that adds to his motivation,” Phillies manager Rob Thomson said ahead of Game 3, “then thank you.”

Harper and Castellanos seemed to send a message about the wisecrack when they arrived at the ballpark wearing gear inspired by Colorado coach Deion Sanders. Harper wore a “ Coach Prime” T-shirt and Castellanos a “Prime” hoodie.

The brash Sanders retorted at criticism earlier this season from a rival coach by saying, “they done messed around and made it personal.”

Harper took it personal.

First, though, it was Castellanos — who said after Game 2 that the Phillies “thrive after we get punched in the face” — who delivered the first counterpunch with a homer in the third that tied it at 1.

Rep Deion, hit dingers. That’s a Philly fact.

Also true, the Phillies pounded the Braves in the third inning of Game 3 of the NLDS for the second straight season.

A year ago, the Phillies returned home from a 1-1 split in Atlanta and scored six runs in the third. The outburst was highlighted by Rhys Hoskins’ bat spike on a three-run homer.

After Castellanos and Harper went deep off Elder in this one for a 4-1 lead, catcher J.T. Realmuto tacked on a two-run double against Michael Tonkin.

Harper added a solo shot to center in front of 45,798 frenzied Phillies fans in the fifth off Brad Hand — well out of reach for Michael Harris II, who saved the Game 2 win with a great leaping catch — and delivered one more death stare to Arcia as he rounded second base.

“Stare downs aren’t an official stat (yet!) but we’re all in awe of Harper over here,” the Elias Sports Bureau wrote on social media.

Nola, eligible for free agency after the World Series, tipped his cap in appreciation of a roaring standing ovation after 5 2/3 innings. He struck out nine and allowed Ozzie Albies’ RBI single in the third.

PHANATIC PHUN

The Phillies have run a scoreboard ad this season for a technology and investment solutions company that said “Building brave futures.” For Game 3, brave was covered up by an image of the Phillie Phanatic’s lengthy red tongue.

UP NEXT

The Braves will start right-hander Spencer Strider in Game 4. The 20-game winner went seven innings in Game 1, allowing one earned run on five hits with eight strikeouts.

The Phillies did not name a starter but left-hander Ranger Suárez, who earned a no-decision in his Game 1 start, is a likely candidate.

Never miss a moment with the WHYY Listen App!

Play, pause, and rewind the live radio stream, access on-demand audio features, and dive into podcasts from both local and national sources.

 
Share this
Facebook
Twitter
Email

WHYY is your source for fact-based, in-depth journalism and information. As a nonprofit organization, we rely on financial support from readers like you. Please give today.

You may also like
COMMUNITY

Wheeler deals, Schwarber, Harper, Realmuto homer and Phillies beat D-backs 6-1 for 3-2 NLCS lead

Philadelphia moved one win from its second straight World Series appearance, regaining control after wasting late leads in consecutive one-run losses at Chase Field.

1 year ago

COMMUNITY

Thomas’ tying homer, Moreno’s decisive hit send D-backs over Phillies 6-5, ties NLCS at 2 games

For Game 5, Philadelphia RHP Zach Wheeler (2-0, 2.37 ERA postseason) starts Saturday night against RHP Zac Gallen (2-1, 4.96 ERA).

1 year ago

COMMUNITY

Marte hits walk-off single in ninth, D-backs beat Phillies 2-1 and close to 2-1 in NLCS

The Arizona Diamondbacks rallied to beat the Philadelphia Phillies 2-1 on Thursday and close to 2-1 in the NL Championship Series.

1 year ago

About Associated Press
Read more
@AP
WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
 
WHYY thanks our sponsors — become a WHYY sponsor
Latest News
Lehigh Valley Mall owner plans to evict public transit center

11 mins ago

Man facing charges after girlfriend’s body found in refrigerator in South Jersey forest: Police

11 hours ago

California native turned Philadelphian ‘devastated’ watching his old home burn from afar

12 hours ago

Want a digest of WHYY’s programs, events & stories? Sign up for our weekly newsletter.

Enter your email here
49%
 

Together we can reach 100% of WHYY’s fiscal year goal

Donate
 
Learn about WHYY Member benefits
Ways to Donate
WHYY

WHYY provides trustworthy, fact-based, local news and information and world-class entertainment to everyone in our community.

WHYY offers a voice to those not heard, a platform to share everyone’s stories, a foundation to empower early and lifelong learners and a trusted space for unbiased news. Learn more about Social Responsibility at WHYY. It’s how we live.

Contact Us
Philadelphia

215.351.1200
talkback@whyy.org

 Delaware

302.516.7506
talkback@whyy.org

Our Programs
Albie’s Elevator
Art Outside
Billy Penn
Check, Please! Philly
The Connection
Delishtory
Flicks
Fresh Air
Good Souls
The Infinite Art Hunt
Movers & Makers
On Stage at Curtis
Peak Travel
Philadelphia Revealed
PlanPhilly
The Pulse
Schooled
The Statue
Stop and Frisk: Revisit or Resist
Studio 2
Things To Do
Voices in the Family
WHYY News Climate Desk
You Oughta Know
Young Creators Studio
Young, Unhoused and Unseen
Your Democracy
 
Inside WHYY
About
Meet Our Newsroom
Employment
Lifelong Learning Award
N.I.C.E. Initiative
Contact Us
Sponsorship
Directions
FCC Public Files
FCC Applications
 
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
YouTube
Sign up for a Newsletter

© MMXXV WHYY

 
Privacy Policy Terms of Use for WHYY.org

WHYY is partnered with

  
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://whyy.org/articles/phillies-braves-mlb-nlds-game-3/ 
 ----- 
