Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Notre Dame's late FG lifts Irish to CFP final
Raiders fire GM
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
Jalen Williams finds Draymond Green's criticisms of postgame interview tradition 'weird'
Clemente Almanza, Okc Thunder Wire
Tue, Nov 5, 2024·3 min read
5
PORTLAND, OREGON - NOVEMBER 01: Jalen Williams #8 is interviewed by Oklahoma City Thunder reporter Nick Gallo after the game against the Portland Trail Blazers at Moda Center on November 01, 2024 in Portland, Oregon. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Soobum Im/Getty Images)
More

As the Oklahoma City Thunder made history by being the first team to start their season 7-0 with all double-digit point margins, their postgame group interview tradition has gained notoriety.

After every win, the Thunder huddle around whoever is being interviewed. Once they complete answering their questions, their teammates begin to bark. The Thunder have done this tradition for over a year now. It's aligned with their quick ascent into a title contender.

Despite being good-natured fun, it's rubbed some people the wrong way. The critics have spanned from Memphis Grizzlies fans who believe they copycatted the tradition from their winning days to a four-time NBA champion discussing how the postgame silliness makes OKC less threatening to the rest of the league.

Despite the loud outside noise, Jalen Williams — the unofficial ring leader of the tradition — pays no attention to it. He talked about the viral moment after the Thunder's lopsided win over the Orlando Magic.

"You probably gotta ask them. I don’t know," Williams said. "I don’t really focus on other teams or what they’re doing until we play them. We’re going to continue to do it. That's probably a question for everybody else. We enjoy it."

Williams was specifically asked about Draymond Green's comment — the spark that ignited this flame. The 34-year-old discussed the Thunder's postgame tradition in his recent podcast. He said it exposes OKC's inexperience as a title contender.

“The one thing I see about the OKC team that’s alarming to me is their postgame," Green said. "Seven guys in the interview. There’s a certain seriousness it takes to win in this league. And there’s a certain fear you have to instill in teams in order to win. I just don’t know if they’re instilling that fear in teams with all the bromance and stuff after the game.”

Williams claimed he had no idea about Green's comments. When told what he said, the 23-year-old parrotted the same response.

"We're just concerned about what's going on here and everything else kinda takes care of itself," Williams said. "I feel like it's kinda weird to have a strong opinion on it. But again, we're just so locked on what we have going on here. That's just how we come together as a team."

That's now two-for-two among Thunder starters who said they were unbothered by Green's unprovoked advice. This adds juice to a possible rivalry between the two squads. A lot of history is already shared between the two franchises.

The Thunder are at the infancy stages of their title window while the Warriors just want to be competitive in Stephen Curry's twilight. So far, both teams have played like top-five squads to start the season. Their upcoming matchups gained another reason why it'll be must-watch television.

This article originally appeared on OKC Thunder Wire: Jalen Williams finds Draymond Green postgame interview comment 'weird'

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
LeBron James takes shot at NFL over scheduling turf war: 'Christmas is our day'

The NFL went for Christmas in a big way this year.

Yahoo Sports
Can Jalen Williams become the co-star OKC needs? Or should the Thunder explore a trade?

Oklahoma City's loss to the Milwaukee Bucks in the NBA Cup final exposed critical flaws.

Yahoo Sports
Cavs prove they are legit title contenders & imagining a Wemby-Zion pairing in San Antonio | Kevin O'Connor Show

On this episode of the Kevin O'Connor Show, Tom Haberstroh hops on to discuss the instant classic between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Oklahoma City Thunder and of course the latest trade rumors as we inch closer to the deadline. Also, Zion Williamson's return, Bradley Beal and Jimmy Butler trade rumors, Golden State frustrations and more.

Yahoo Sports
After another heartbreaking loss, will James Franklin and Penn State ever get over the hump?

Notre Dame is playing for a national title for the first time in 12 seasons, and Penn State has come up short yet again in a big-time matchup.

Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

Yahoo Sports
What's next for the Padres, one of this winter's quietest teams?

An ownership struggle and financial limbo leave San Diego without a clear path forward in 2025.

Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

Yahoo Sports
Wild Card deep dives: Stroud vs. Herbert, blueprint for Broncos & Rams & more | Football 301

In this absolutely packed episode of Football 301, Nate Tice and Charles McDonald break down every matchup heading into Wild Card weekend, offering insights into how playoff contenders are shaping up and which teams might be in trouble.

Yahoo Sports
Cade Cunningham has taken on the challenge of being Detroit's franchise player: 'I would love to have my own chapter'

The Pistons are making noise in the East again, with their star point guard leading the way.

Yahoo Sports
Four Verts, wild-card edition: Is this finally the year for a Ravens run? Plus the Packers are one heck of a 7 seed

Baltimore has become a well-oiled machine on both sides of the ball, Green Bay has a legit shot to upset the Eagles on the road, and why Vikings-Rams might be the coolest matchup of the weekend.

Yahoo Sports
Looking at some bad NFL head coach openings, it's not a great year to be a top candidate

Which job opening is the best? How about none of them?

Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

Yahoo Sports
Why are the A's spending big this winter as they relocate to Sacramento?

Brent Rooker's $60 million extension marks the latest expenditure for the typically thrifty A's.

Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

Yahoo Sports
Thunder vs. Cavaliers: Key takeaways from Cleveland's impressive victory

Some key observations and analysis on two teams that could be around in June.

Yahoo Sports
Padres ownership lawsuit drama, Verlander to Giants & Dodgers trade World Series champ | Baseball Bar-B-Cast

Jake Mintz and Jordan Shusterman discuss the Padres' lawsuit drama, Justin Verlander signing with the Giants, the Dodgers trading Gavin Lux, Brent Rooker signing an extension and make their picks for The Good, The Bad & The Uggla.

Yahoo Sports
Jordan Love on his status for Eagles-Packers wild-card game after limited practice session: 'We'll see'

Is Love really in jeopardy of sitting Sunday, or is this just subterfuge from the Packers ahead of a playoff game?

Yahoo Sports
Doc: Power conferences seeking more control over NCAA championships, governance

The proposal would grant the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and ACC rights to manage postseason championships, such as the men’s and women’s basketball tournaments.

Yahoo Sports
Does Notre Dame still need to join a conference? | College Football Enquirer

On today's episode of The College Football Enquirer, Dan Wetzel, Ross Dellenger and SI's Pat Forde discuss the latest buzz coming from media days at the Orange Bowl. Specifically, they discuss comments made by Penn State head coach James Franklin about Notre Dame football and them needing to join a conference.

Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/jalen-williams-finds-draymond-greens-170141469.html 
 ----- 
