Skip to content

Thane News, Cricket Updates, Finance, Food, Health, and more…

TOWN NEWS
FOOD
FASHION
TITANS
HEALTH & WELLNESS
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
SPORTS
EDITORIAL
EPAPER
CRICKET WORLD CUP 2023
SPORTS
ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup 2023: Can India seek revenge of the 2019 World Cup semi-final loss to New Zealand in 2023?
Juili Ballal
November 14, 2023
cricket
,
CRICKET WORLD CUP 2023
,
india vs new zealand

Over a billion hearts were shattered when India lost the semi-final against New Zealand by just 18 runs in the 2019 World Cup. The two-day match (yes, you read it right) ended in a huge disappointment as India were not able to go past the Kiwis. Four years later, can India seek revenge of that loss and defeat New Zealand in the semi-final to be played at Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai on November 15?

Since the 2019 World Cup, India and New Zealand have played 10 ODIs, with India losing the first four and winning the last four (two matches did not produce results). Looking at their imperious form in this World Cup, India will definitely back themselves to book a flight to Ahmedabad to play the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup 2023 final on November 19.

 

Head-to-Head

India and New Zealand have played 117 ODIs against each other since 1975, of which India have won 59, New Zealand have won 50, one match ended in a tie, and seven matches did not produce results. In India, they have played 39 ODIs against each other, of which India have won 30, New Zealand have won eight, and one match did not produce a result. At the World Cups, they have met nine times, with New Zealand leading the charge 5-4. In this edition of the World Cup however India emerged victorious as they beat the Kiwis by four wickets.

 

Particulars	India	New Zealand 
ICC ODI Rankings	1	5
Wins in ODIs	59	50
In India	30	8
At World Cups	4	5

 

Performance in the ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup 2023

Comparing the performances of India and New Zealand in this World Cup, there is seldom any doubt that India have been far better than the Kiwis. The hosts have not dropped a single match in the league stage and will enter the semi-final with truckloads of confidence. On the other hand, the finalist of the 2019 World Cup have seen their share of ups and downs as they lost four games in a row after winning four straight games and ended their league stage with a win.

 

 

Match number	India	New Zealand
1	Beat Australia by 6 wickets	Beat England by 9 wickets
2	Beat Afghanistan by 8 wickets	Beat Netherlands by 99 runs
3	Beat Pakistan by 7 wickets	Beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets
4	Beat Bangladesh by 7 wickets	Beat Afghanistan by 149 runs
5	Beat New Zealand by 4 wickets	Lost to India by 4 wickets
6	Beat England by 100 runs	Lost to Australia by 5 runs
7	Beat Sri Lanka by 302 runs	Lost to South Africa by 190 runs
8	Beat South Africa by 243 runs	Lost to Pakistan by 21 runs (DLS method)
9	Beat Netherlands by 160 runs	Beat Sri Lanka by 5 wickets

 

Squads

India: Rohit Sharma (c), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul, Ravindra Jadeja, Shardul Thakur, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohammed Siraj, Kuldeep Yadav, Mohammed Shami, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ishan Kishan, Prasidh Krishna, Suryakumar Yadav.

New Zealand: Kane Williamson (c), Trent Boult, Mark Chapman, Devon Conway, Lockie Ferguson, Kyle Jamieson, Tom Latham, Daryl Mitchell, Jimmy Neesham, Glenn Phillips, Rachin Ravindra, Mitch Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee, Will Young.

  

Injury updates

There are no injury concerns for India and New Zealand ahead of their semi-final clash.

 

Playing conditions

Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai will host the encounter between India and New Zealand. It will be a day night match. The venue will host its fifth and last match of this tournament. The teams batting first have won three of the four matches played here. India have played a match here in this edition of the World Cup. It was against Sri Lanka, which they won by 302 runs. Batting in the first innings is relatively easy. In the second innings, as the floodlights are turned on, bowlers get some assistance. Also, the gentle breeze blowing across the stadium in the second half can assist the bowlers get some swing.

 

Weather

The weather is expected to be very warm with hazy sunshine. The maximum temperature attained during the day will be 36 degrees Celsius. There will be 21% cloud cover and 1% chance of rain. The wind will blow from the south-southwest.

 

Players to watch out for

Virat Kohli: Averaging an unbelievable 99 in this World Cup, India’s Virat King Kohli has scored 594 runs in nine matches at a strike rate of 89. He is the top run scorer in the tournament. In his last match against Netherlands, he also rolled his arm over to bowl three overs and accounted for a wicket.

Jasprit Bumrah: Known for nailing yorkers at will, India’s pace ace has claimed 17 wickets in nine matches and is the leading wicket-taker for his team. He has been excellent with the new ball and also in the death overs.

Rachin Ravindra: The 23-year-old New Zealander has been on a dream run in this World Cup. With 565 runs in nine matches at an average of 71 and strike rate of 108, he has scored the most runs by any player in a debut World Cup.  

Mitchell Santner: The crafty left arm spinner of New Zealand is the most successful bowler for his team with 16 wickets in nine matches. He has been bowling at an economy of under five runs per over.

 

 

Milestones alert

Mohammad Shami and Kuldeep Yadav will play their 100th
Mohammad Shami needs 3 wickets complete 50 wickets in World Cups
Jasprit Bumrah needs 4 wickets to complete 150 ODI wickets
Virat Kohli needs 1 century to complete 50 ODI centuries and become the player with the highest number of centuries in ODIs
Rohit Sharma needs 19 runs to complete 1500 runs in World Cups
Tom Latham needs 48 runs to complete 4000 ODI runs
Daryl Mitchell needs 57 runs to complete 1500 ODI runs
Lockie Ferguson needs 1 wicket to complete 100 ODI wickets

 

 

Match details

Date: November 15, 2023

Time: 2:00 PM IST

Venue: Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai

Live streaming: Star Sports, Hotstar

 

 

 

 

All the statistics are sourced from ESPN Cricinfo

 

Facebook
WhatsApp
Twitter
LinkedIn
Share
ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup 2023:  India v Netherlands: Top versus bottom in last league match  
ICC Men’s Cricket World Cup 2023: Not in 1999, not in 2007, can South Africa beat Australia in 2023 in World Cup semi-final?
Recent Posts
Mumbai bow out in the semi-final of Senior Women’s One Day Trophy
India Women look for a clean sweep against West Indies Women
Mumbai beat Delhi in Super Over to advance to the semi-final of Senior Women’s One Day Trophy
India Women eye an ODI series win against West Indies Women
Can India Women carry their T20I form into ODIs against West Indies Women?
Copyright © 2025 Latest News, Cricket, Finance, Food, Health | Thane. All rights reserved.
Theme: ColorMag by ThemeGrill. Powered by WordPress.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : http://knowyourtown.co.in/india-vs-newzealand-semifinal/ 
 ----- 
