Skip to main content
Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
iOS App
 
Android App
Home
News
Business
Forum
Island Life
Sports
The Globe
Subscription Services
Site search
SUBSCRIBE
Soccer
Guam soccer teams on display in Saipan
Daily Post Staff
Apr 6, 2024 
Facebook
Twitter
Email
1 of 8

COACH THOMPSON: Guam women's national soccer team head coach Kristin Thompson explains the objective of a training activity during a recent training session at the Guam Football Association National Training Center. Thompson called up 20 players to compete in the 2024 Marianas Friendlies with the Northern Mariana Islands April 6-7 in Saipan. Photo courtesy of GFA

ANJELICA PEREZ: Guam's Anjelica Perez, center, takes part in a warm-up activity with her teammates during a recent training session at GFA's National Training Center. Photo courtesy of GFA

ARIYA CRUZ: Guam's Ariya Cruz runs with the ball during a recent training session at GFA's National Training Center. Photo courtesy of GFA

BEAU PEREZ: Guam's Beau Perez takes part in a recent training session at the Guam Football Association National Training Center in this file photo. Perez joins 19 other players called up to the Guam men's team set to compete in the 2024 Marianas Friendlies with the Northern Mariana Islands April 6-7 in Saipan. Photo courtesy of GFA

EJ MANIBUSAN: Guam's EJ Manibusan shoots in a recent training session at the Guam Football Association National Training Center in this file photo. Manibusan and several others on the men's national soccer team are competing in the 2024 Marianas Friendlies in Saipan. PPhoto courtesy of GFA

EJ PASSES: Guam's EJ Manibusan looks to pass the ball forward in a recent training session. Photo courtesy of GFA

NICOLAS CHARGUALAF: Guam's Nicolas Chargualaf takes part in a recent training session at the Guam Football Association National Training Center in this file photo. Chargualaf joins 19 other players called up to the Guam men's team set to compete in the 2024 Marianas Friendlies. Photo courtesy of GFA

SARAH BENAVENTE: Guam's Sarah Benavente takes part in a passing activity during a recent training session at the Guam Football Association National Training Center. Photo courtesy of GFA

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

The island derby, with the 2024 Marianas Friendlies men’s and women’s soccer competitions, returned this weekend at the Northern Mariana Islands Training Center in Koblerville, Saipan.

“The team is really excited for another opportunity to represent Guam against NMI,” said EJ Manibusan, who was called up for the Guam men’s team. “We’re focused on getting a result because we weren’t able to win last time. I think the derby games between Guam and Saipan are passionate, so it’s really important to win.”

Manibusan said that playing in these matches is a great privilege and the team, regardless of age, has the opportunity to win and give 100%.

“That’s all that matters,” he said.

Manibusan joined 19 other players called up for Guam to play in the men’s competition. Along with Manibusan, the following players are part of Guam’s men’s traveling squad: goalkeepers Josiah Jones and Jacob Toves and field players Jace Almandres, Levi Buckwalter, Nicolas Chargualaf, Micah Elwell, Nathaniel Graves, Sean Halehale, Curtis Harmon, Takayuki Kobayashi, Donovan Moss, Malcom Ogo, Beau Perez, Jadyel Rink, CJ Sablan, Andrew Stenson, Samuel Stenson, Shuntaro Suzuki and Gatbo Topasna.

The women’s team, for the weekend’s matches, shared the men’s sentiment.

“The team is really excited heading into the matches. We’re all in good spirits and look forward to competing,” Ariya Cruz said. “Saipan’s teams have always been great opponents.”

Joining Cruz on the Guam women’s team roster are goalkeepers Ha’ani Byerly and Kiarra Hutcherson and field players Sarah Benavente, Marlena Connelley, Hannah Cruz, Giselle Dahilig, Kalle Damian, Erlissa Delfin, Maya Iriarte, Anna Jones, Yae Kawauchi, Monica Marquez, Analea Meno, Anjelica Perez, Loyola Phillip, Richelle Ragadio, Sophia San Agustin, Dolores San Gil and India Sheppard.

“The rivalry between both of our teams has always been strong, as we all know what it is like to represent our islands,” Cruz said. “It is always a pleasure having these consistent competitions with them.”

More Sports News
(0 Ratings)
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Sports Soccer (us) Armed Forces Job Market
Most Popular
 Articles
Man convicted of burglarizing vet clinic
Man allegedly sexually assaulted teen as girlfriend made breakfast
Man allegedly used crowbar to hit victim on head
Man guilty of drug possession, acquitted of intent to distribute
Woman suspected of $63K check fraud
Sobriety checkpoints Friday
Police surveillance finds stolen vehicle and drug paraphernalia
Kristi Noem’s skimpy resume is no match for DHS
Man arrested after stolen firearm, drug paraphernalia found in couch
S-EBT card pickup Saturday for GACS
Business
BOG donates to 4 nonprofits as part of Employee Give Initiative

In the true spirit of the season, Bank of Guam is proud to announce a $20,000 donation to four nonprofit organizations through its annual Employee Give Initiative, the bank said in a press release.

Atkins Kroll donates $1,914 to Lupus Awareness Group of Guam

Atkins Kroll, Inc. Guam, an Inchcape Company, as part of its Community Matters Program and in commemoration of its 110-year anniversary, donated $1,914 — a nod to its founding year — to the Lupus Awareness Group of Guam, the company announced in a press release. This contribution reflects At…

New 'Made in Guam' product to launch in collaboration with Japan's Kindai University

Business students from Kindai University in Japan have teamed up with Guam-based companies, coordinated by F SPACE Inc., to create a new "Made in Guam" bath salt product. This project originated from career-planning seminars conducted annually by Kayo Ikehata, representative of F SPACE Inc.,…

Spots on The Rock
Cast away to remote Hila'an Beach, Lost Pond and Shark's Hole
A coastal cruise to Ylig Bay, Turtle Cove and Taga'chang Beach
Hidden gems in a hidden cave
Cast away to remote Hila'an Beach, Lost Pond and Shark's Hole
The marvelous Marbo Cave and cliffs
Cowabunga! Seven spots for thrill-seekers
Hike into history
Aquatic adventure awaits
A double dose of history and a shot of tranquility
Culture for a cause
The Scoop
USS Theodore Roosevelt brings 6,000 sailors, locals back to Guam
Cruz wins middle school science fair, heads to national competition
Cruz wins middle school science fair, heads to national competition
Day 2 of Mo'na Manhoben Youth Summit to be held Saturday
Responsible fishing will help ensure tradition remains for future generations
Residents can volunteer, donate, and adopt at GAIN to celebrate National Puppy Day
International students return to UOG campus
Career Tech aims to teach students career, life skills
Latter-day Saints youths hold Barrigada car wash
Young Guamanians share concerns on proposed hotel project
Photo Gallery
Gallery: Beach volleyball championship match
Okkodo High's Class of 2021
2 missing wallets, 2 acts of honesty
Top Guam Stories of 2020
Biba Santa Marian Kamalen
Video Gallery
Arrest made in viral video machete attack
GPD still looking into Mangilao hit-and-run
Ginger Cruz discusses her phone call with James Moylan and her outlook for the future
James Moylan speaks briefly about his phone call with Ginger Cruz and his outlook moving forward
James Moylan takes a call from Ginger Cruz conceding the race for delegate
Weekly Online Poll

Poll results are published every Monday in The Guam Daily Post.

What grade would you give the outgoing 37th Guam legislature?
A
B
C
D
F
Vote View Results
Sports
Former Giants QB Eli Manning named a finalist for Hall of Fame’s 2025 class
Surfing competition brings huge waves
Basketball MVP Jia Peters embraces competition and pressure
Movies
‘A Complete Unknown’ leaves Dylan’s mystery blowing in the wind
‘Red One’ decks the halls with Dwayne Johnson, swole Santa
In ‘Blitz,’ Steve McQueen re- creates England’s darkest days
Technology
Why it is impossible to make a car without China, regardless of proposed Trump tariffs
The latest housing scam: Using artificial intelligence to impersonate agent, lender
With TikTok's help, influencers are hosting marathon 12-hour shopping livestreams and making big money
Food
An adaptable air fryer chicken dinner for any occasion
Make this Greek pastitsio the centerpiece of your next big party
A cranberry swirl makes this goat cheese dip sparkle
Lifestyle
Embracing and enjoying aging
Best jazz albums of 2024 cover a heady array of rich musical vistas
Kabuki star brings classic role to life again in performance on Japan’s remote Iojima Island
Sections
Home
News
The Globe
Forum
Sports
Community
Multimedia
Online Features
Local Events
Services
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Advertising
Subscribe
e-Edition
Promote Your Event
Contact Information
www.PostGuam.com
388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301
Tamuning, Guam 96913
Phone: (671) 649-1924
Email: webmaster@postguam.com

Follow Us
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
Instagram
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.postguam.com/sports/local/guam-soccer-teams-on-display-in-saipan/article_7c18255c-f39c-11ee-a4d2-439667aa8400.html 
 ----- 
