0
Aa
The Times Group > Blog > Features > Back-to-back climate disasters leave millions of Malawians in deepening need
FEATURES
Back-to-back climate disasters leave millions of Malawians in deepening need
Last updated: 2024/04/06 at 8:29 AM
Times News
Share
10 Min Read
BEARING THE BRUNT — Awalewale Samuel was already taking out loans to pay for the fertiliser for this farming season
SHARE
TRAIL OF DESTRUCTION — Cyclone Freddy led to floods that ripped through crop fields last year

By Jenipher Changwanda & Freddie Clayton:

Millions of Malawians are struggling with the impacts of back-to-back climate disasters that have deepened the poverty of subsistence farmers and undermined the ability of the cash-strapped government to help.

For Magrate Mustafa and her children, the hardship has been so extreme that they have been reduced to eating grass seeds, plucked from their fields in Najawa, a small village in southern Malawi’s Machinga district.

Mustafa pounds the seed in a mortar to separate the husk, then boils the grain in water to make a porridge for her family.

“The first time I made it my whole family suffered from diarrhoea and our urine ran dark yellow,” Mustafa, 32, told The New Humanitarian. “It’s not food, but we have nothing else to eat.”

Her husband can’t bear to watch them eat. He’s ashamed he cannot do better for his family, but there’s little any of them could have done to prepare for the last 12 months.

First came Cyclone Freddy, the strongest tropical cyclone ever recorded. In March 2023, the storm struck Malawi twice and six months’ worth of rain fell in just six days, inducing floods and landslides that killed 1,200 people and displaced almost 700,000. More than two million farmers lost their crops and 1.4 million livestock perished.

Mustafa’s home and farmland were destroyed. Her family spent five months living in an evacuation camp, surviving off government aid. In October, they rebuilt their home in a different village, fearing the floods might return.

But then came El Niño, a cyclical climate event that triggers drought in East Africa. The maize Mustafa and her husband planted in October wilted in November as the rainy season delayed. They planted again in December, but their crops didn’t survive a long dry spell in February. “Once again, we have nothing,” she said.

With more than 16 million people relying on rainfed agriculture, Malawi is dependent on a stable climate. But increasingly erratic rainfall, periods of drought, and five cyclones since 2019, have depleted its fragile food systems. When El Niño arrived in November, more than 4.4 million Malawians were already facing a food crisis.

The struggle to adapt

As climate heating threatens more extreme El Niños and more intense tropical cyclones, Malawi desperately needs effective adaptation measures. But the sheer frequency of these crises is undermining the nation’s capacity to recover and adapt, trapping its people in poverty and food insecurity.

Unlike Cyclone Freddy, the Malawian government knew El Niño would come. In October, the Department of Climate Change and Meteorological Services (DCCMS) forecast below average rainfall in November and dry spells in February. The Ministry of Agriculture issued mitigation advice, instructing farmers to plant drought-resistant crops, use organic manure to improve water retention, and grow early maturing plants.

But these early warnings often fail to reach the most rural and vulnerable communities like Najawa, and even when they do, many are unable to act. Farmers had scarcely begun to recover from the last disaster.

“The [DCCMS] warned us. They gave us the information. They said what will happen and when it will happen,” Steve Makungwa, a senior lecturer at Lilongwe University of Agriculture and Natural Resources, told The New Humanitarian.

“Even if the rains come now, nothing will happen because all my crops have been damaged.”

“But smallholders cannot utilise or acquire the resources that enable them to embrace these adaptive measures,” he said. “After [Cyclone Freddy], they have no reserves left with which to build or buy these things.”

Awalewale Samuel, 36, was already taking out loans to pay for fertiliser for her farm in Kwilasha village, Machinga. In previous years she’s paid the money back through selling her surplus rice, but last March her fields flooded during Cyclone Freddy, and this year they have dried up.

“Even if [the rains] come now, nothing will happen because all my crops have been damaged,” said Samuel. “How am I supposed to pay back the loan?”

As smallholders struggle to pay their debts or feed themselves and their family, some have been forced into more dangerous lines of work.

Climate’s worsening impact

The World Bank predicts that climate heating could trigger a 20 percent slump in Malawi’s GDP by 2040. The government acknowledges the danger: Its 2020 National Adaptation Plan Framework lays out the need to build resilience and disaster risk reduction.

But the bill is colossal – an estimated $1.5 billion annually. Given Malawi’s other pressing needs, it has been among the least funded of the priorities in the national budget.

That creates a chain reaction where resilience-building doesn’t happen fast enough, so money then has to be found to pay for expensive emergency recovery efforts. The government essentially suffers the same fate as its smallholders farmers – with each fresh disaster, its capacity to invest in adaptation is weakened.

Malawi’s Department for Disaster Management Affairs claims total loss and damage due to Cyclone Freddy has exceeded $1 billion – and the department is still paying to reconstruct houses, restore damaged farmland, and support displaced households.

The full impact of last year’s El Niño event is so far unclear, but historically two out of every three El Niños have led to a more than 22 percent fall in the maize harvest – a drop that would leave millions more requiring aid.

“It is possible that Malawi may find itself in a continuous cycle of response and recovery.”

Malawi is at the mercy of its donors and their interests, which limits its policy autonomy, notes researcher Blessings Chinsinga. Two months after Freddy, Malawi was forced to appeal for international help.

This year, the government’s Lean Season Food Insecurity Response Programme, which targets food insecure households with maize distribution and cash transfers between October and March, has cost an estimated $226 million, more than 75 percent of which was provided by foreign aid.

In fact, close to 26 percent of Malawi’s total revenue and grants comes from international aid and foreign governments, according to the latest budget.

“It is possible that [Malawi] may find itself in a continuous cycle of response and recovery,” Dickxie Kampani, principal secretary at Malawi’s Ministry of Agriculture, told The New Humanitarian.

“Efforts to address the immediate needs of affected populations and rebuild infrastructure may overlap, creating a situation where response actions often blend into recovery measures.”

MTILATILA — There is a lot to do to enhance resilience

But Lucy Mtilatila, DCCMS director, thinks the country can break the cycle.

“The climate is changing in Malawi, and a lot of resources have already gone into humanitarian support,” she explained. “But there is still a lot [Malawi] can do to enhance resilience, and it starts with proper planning.”

After Cyclone Freddy, the government committed $16 million to a five-year project aimed at helping 10,000 households adopt more climate-resilient livelihoods such as beekeeping, mushroom cultivation, and building sustainable briquettes and fisheries.

Unicef has supported the government in creating a first-of-its-kind impact-based warning system, whereby forecasts tell people of the specific threats that floods and droughts can have on their infrastructure, households, and livelihoods, so they can make informed decisions ahead of disasters.

The World Food Programme (WFP) says it has also helped 118,000 households adapt to climate heating with crop diversification, reforestation, and solar-powered irrigation.

But solutions like these, building on the lessons learned from Cyclone Freddy, were not in place in time for El Niño. And they are also not yet happening on a large enough scale to reach millions of people needing urgent and effective support in the face of a warming climate, including the residents of Najawa and Kwilasha. — The New Humanitarian

You Might Also Like
 Ensuring health for all: Bridging the gap in Africa’s surgical care crisis
 Solidarity in crisis
 Sadness for Bethlehem town
 Saulos Chilima: A man who left without a word
 In Africa, health risks from air pollution seems to be rising in most countries
TAGGED:
El Niño, Tropical Cyclone Freddy, World Food Programme
Sign Up For Daily Newsletter
Be keep up! Get the latest breaking news delivered straight to your inbox.

First Name

Last Name

Email address: 

Country
Afghanistan
Aland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
British Virgin Islands
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curacao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Democratic Republic of the Congo
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kosovo
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Macedonia
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic of the Congo
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
Saint Barthelemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome and Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Sint Maarten
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
U.S. Virgin Islands
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
United States
United States Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use and acknowledge the data practices in our Privacy Policy. You may unsubscribe at any time.
Share this Article
Facebook
PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Plagiarist exonerated: The paper that sees and speaks
NEXT ARTICLE
FCB Nyasa Big Bullets face Dedza Dynamos in league opener
Leave a comment
//
The Times Group is a multi-award winning media group and the only 360 media house in Malawi.
About Us
Company Profile
Rate Cards
Vacancies
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Quick Links
e-Edition
Times Radio
Subscribe for Exclusive Content
Submit a Story
Follow US

© Copyright 2024, The Times Group. All Rights Reserved.

Advertise
About Us
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://times.mw/back-to-back-climate-disasters-leave-millions-of-malawians-in-deepening-need/ 
 ----- 
