Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
BOSTON
News
Weather
Sports
Video
WBZ Features
32°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Red Sox season is still alive thanks to Tyler O'Neill's moonshot

By Matt Geagan

September 12, 2024 / 10:24 AM EDT / CBS Boston

BOSTON -- The Red Sox' season remains on life support. But Tyler O'Neill gave it a huge jolt Wednesday night with a monster walk-off homer against the Baltimore Orioles.

The Red Sox ended up taking two of three from the Orioles at Fenway Park thanks to O'Neill's big swing in Wednesday night's series finale. With Baltimore on top 3-2 in the bottom of the 10th inning, O'Neill stepped to the plate with two on and one out. After laying off a high fastball by O's reliever Keegan Akin, O'Neill put a charge into the lefty's 1-0 slider and sent it high into the night sky for a three-run, walk-off homer to lift Boston to 5-3 victory.

Statcast says O'Neill's blast traveled 393 feet over the Green Monster, but we're honestly not sure the ball has even landed yet. 

WALKED OFF INTO THE BOSTON NIGHT! pic.twitter.com/i5pkDxrUvh

— Red Sox (@RedSox) September 12, 2024

The dinger was O'Neill's 30th of the season and his fifth in the last five games. It was his second walk-off hit in a Red Sox uniform.

A giant celebration awaited O'Neill at home plate, as the "Not Dead Yet" Red Sox lived to fight another day in the AL Wild Card race. Losing Wednesday night would have put Boston five games behind the Minnesota Twins for the final American League playoff spot. 

Instead, the Red Sox remain four games behind Minnesota, who beat the L.A. Angels on Wednesday. A four-game deficit with 16 games to play -- and the Detroit Tigers sitting a game ahead of them as well -- isn't an ideal position to be in. But however slim it may be, the Red Sox still have a chance.

"It's still there. It's getting harder and harder, but it's realistic," manager Alex Cora said of the team's playoff hopes after the win. "We just won a series against one of the best teams in the big leagues. But obviously, in our situation, it's not enough. We've got to continue. We won two series here at home. For some people it doesn't feel great. But for us, it does."

The road doesn't get any easier for Boston, with 10 of those 16 games on the road. Seven of their remaining contests are against current playoff teams.

"We obviously needed this one. Hopefully, it's the beginning of something big," Cora added Wednesday. 

That something big is going to have to be a lengthy winning streak, or at least a lot more wins than losses to close the season. Taking three of four in the Bronx would be a good start to this seven-game road trip, which closes with a visit to Tampa for three against the Rays. After that, the Twins will come to Fenway Park for a crucial three-game set.

The surging Tigers, who are between the Sox and the Twins, now have a three-game set against the Orioles in Detroit. Minnesota will host the sub-.500 Cincinnati Reds for three games, while the Kansas City Royals (1.5 games up on the Twins) visit the Pirates for three games.

Time is running out for the Red Sox. But O'Neill's moonshot on Wednesday at least hit the snooze button on their potential elimination. Now it's up to the Red Sox to keep winning and keep the postseason dream alive.

More from CBS News
Jarren Duran, Red Sox may be heading toward salary arbitration
Bruins' Brad Marchand, David Pastrnak refute report of a rift
Bruins to play Lightning in outdoor game in Tampa
Nikola Jokic out as Celtics hold off Nuggets in Denver, 118-106
In: MLB Boston Red Sox
Matt Geagan

Matthew Geagan is a sports producer for CBS Boston. He has been part of the WBZ sports team for nearly 20 years. He moved over to the web in 2012 and has covered all the highs (and a few lows) in Boston sports.

© 2024 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
WBZ-TV
News
Sports
Weather
Contests
Program Guide
Sitemap
About Us
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for WBZ-TV
Public File for WSBK-TV / myTV38
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/boston/news/red-sox-still-alive-wild-card-playoffs-tyler-oneill-walkoff-home-run/ 
 ----- 
