Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Vladimir Guerrero Jr. Moves Up Yet Another Historic List as Toronto Blue Jays Lose
The Toronto Blue Jays lost on Tuesday night in Texas, but Vladimir Guerrero Jr. continued to excel at the plate.
Brady Farkas | Sep 18, 2024
Toronto Blue Jays center fielder Nathan Lukes (38) is doused with ice water by designated hitter Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (27) as they celebrate a win over the St. Louis Cardinals at Rogers Centre on Sept 15. / Dan Hamilton-Imagn Images
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays

The Toronto Blue Jays lost to the Texas Rangers 13-8 on Tuesday night at Globe Life Field. The win moved the Rangers to 72-79 on the year while the loss dropped Toronto to the same record.

Though it's been a down year for the Blue Jays that will result in them missing the playoffs, it's been a historic year in many ways for Jays slugger Vladimir Guerrero Jr.

The 25-year-old went 3-for-5 on Tuesday, raising his batting average to .322. He now has 28 homers, 97 RBI and is likely to finish in the Top-10 of American League MVP voting.

Per @StatsCentre on social media:

(Related) Most single season 3+ hit games by a @BlueJays player:
22- Paul Molitor (1993)
21- Vernon Wells (2003)
19- John Olerud (1993)
19- Wells (2006)
18- Vladimir Guerrero Jr. (2024 via a double and 2 singles tonight vs TEX)
18- Tony Fernandez (1987)
18- Shannon Stewart (2001)

Those are some of the most beloved names in team history, so it shows just how impactful Guerrero Jr. has been this season. He made the All-Star team again this summer and is carrying a .942 OPS.

It will be interesting to see how the Blue Jays handle him moving forward. He's ticketed for free agency after the 2025 season so do the Jays work to extend him this offseason? Or, do they trade him? Could they just run it back next year and see what happens in his free agency?

The Blue Jays have just 11 games to play and they will take on the Rangers again on Wednesday night at 8:05 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball On SI on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball On SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 18, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/vladimir-guerrero-jr-moves-up-yet-another-historic-list-as-toronto-blue-jays-lose-on-tuesday-to-texas-rangers 
 ----- 
