Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Rookie Wyatt Langford Leads Texas Rangers Slugfest Against Toronto Blue Jays
Rookie Wyatt Langford had two doubles and a home run in the Texas Rangers' 13-8 win over the Toronto Blue Jays at Globe Life Field.
Stefan Stevenson | Sep 18, 2024
Sep 17, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers left fielder Wyatt Langford (36) hits a ground run double against the Toronto Blue Jays during the first inning at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Jerome Miron-Imagn Images / Jerome Miron-Imagn Images
In this story:
Texas Rangers
Toronto Blue Jays

ARLINGTON — The Texas Rangers did something Tuesday that they haven't done a whole lot this season.

They outslugged their opponent.

The Rangers belted 13 hits, including five for extra-bases to beat the Toronto Blue Jays 13-8 in the series opener at Globe Life Field.

Wyatt Langford was 3 for 4 with two doubles, a home run, two walks, three runs and two RBI. Leody Taveras was 3 for 5 with a homer, two runs and two RBI. Texas collected 13 hits and left 13 runners on.

Toronto took a 3-0 lead with two in the first and another in the second but Texas claimed the lead with two in the third and five in the fourth. Six of their 13 runs were unearned with Blue Jays starter Chris Bassitt on the mound for the first 3 2/3. Toronto made two errors, including Bassitt's throwing error to first in the second and third baseman Ernie Clement's throwing error in the fourth.

The Blue Jays tied it with four in the fifth, but the Rangers scored twice in the sixth, one in the seventh, and three more runs in the eighth to pull away.

It's the fourth time Texas has scored 13 or more runs and first since scoring 13 against the Tampa Bay Rays on July 7.

Three thoughts from Tuesday's game:
1. Wyatt Langford Leaving His Mark
Sep 17, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers left fielder Wyatt Langford (36) salutes his teammates after he hits a ground run double against the Toronto Blue Jays during the first inning at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Jerome Miron-Imagn Images / Jerome Miron-Imagn Images

Wyatt Langford is the first Rangers hitter to reach base five or more times in a game since Adolis García on April 22, 2023. He's the first Rangers rookie to turn the trick since Scott Heineman on Sept. 28, 2019. Langford's three extra-base hits is only the second by a Texas player this season. Langford had the other one, too, on June 30 in Baltimore when he hit for a cycle. He's the third Rangers rookie ever to record multiple three-extra-base hit games in a season. He joins Mike Lamb in 2000 and David Murphy in 2007. Langford has 25 doubles and is four doubles from tying the Rangers rookie record of 29 set by Mark Teixeira in 2003. He's the 27th rookie in American League history to record 10 or more homers, 15 or more stolen bases, and 25 or more doubles, and the first since the Mariners' Julio Rodríguez and the Royals' Bobby Witt Jr., both in 2022.

2. Rough Start For Eovaldi
Sep 17, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers catcher Jonah Heim (left) talks with starting pitcher Nathan Eovaldi (right) during the first inning against the Toronto Blue Jays at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Jerome Miron-Imagn Images / Jerome Miron-Imagn Images

Nathan Eovaldi allowed a season-high seven runs on a season-high 11 hits and two walks in 4 2/3 innings. It's his shortest outing since going three innings against the Yankees on Aug. 10. His previous high for runs allowed was six in five innings against the Orioles on July 19.

3. Up Next
Sep 5, 2024; Arlington, Texas, USA; Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford (61) pitches against the Los Angeles Angels during the second inning at Globe Life Field. Mandatory Credit: Jerome Miron-Imagn Images / Jerome Miron-Imagn Images

Left-hander Cody Bradford (5-3, 3.97) faces Blue Jays right-hander Bowden Francis (8-4, 3.50) in Game 2 at 7:05 p.m. Wednesday.

You can follow Stefan Stevenson on X @StefanVersusTex.

Catch up with Inside the Rangers on Facebook and X.

Published Sep 18, 2024
STEFAN STEVENSON

Stefan Stevenson worked as a journalist and editor at the Fort Worth Star-Telegram for 25 years, covering sports, concerts, and general news. His beats have included the Dallas Cowboys, the Texas Rangers, and Texas Christian University football.

Follow StefanVersusTex

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/rangers/news/rookie-wyatt-langford-leads-texas-rangers-slugfest-against-toronto-blue-jays 
 ----- 
