Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
TikTok ban
En vivo: Venezuela
SPORTS
Adolis García’s home run backs Cody Bradford as Rangers beat Blue Jays 2-0
1 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien, left, and Adolis Garcia walk off the field after their team’s win against the Toronto Blue Jays in a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

2 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford throws to the Toronto Blue Jays in the first inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

3 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers right fielder Adolis Garcia settles beneath a Toronto Blue Jays’ Vladimir Guerrero Jr. fly out in the first inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

4 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers first baseman Nathaniel Lowe (30) reaches out for the throw to the bag to complete the ground out by Toronto Blue Jays’ Spencer Horwitz (48) in the second inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

Read More
5 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Cody Bradford throws to the Toronto Blue Jays in the fourth inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

6 of 10 |  

Toronto Blue Jays starting pitcher Bowden Francis throws to the Texas Rangers in the first inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

7 of 10 |  

Toronto Blue Jays second baseman Leo Jimenez makes a leaping catch on a line out by Texas Rangers’ Jonah Heim in the second inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

8 of 10 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Ernie Clement fields a ground out by Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien in the fifth inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)w

9 of 10 |  

Texas Rangers’ Marcus Semien, left, celebrates his double as Toronto Blue Jays’ Vladimir Guerrero Jr., right, looks on in the first inning of a baseball game in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

10 of 10 |  

Toronto Blue Jays’ Alejandro Kirk advances to third on a double by Spencer Horwitz in the fifth inning of a baseball game against the Texas Rangers in Arlington, Texas, Wednesday, Sept. 18, 2024. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

Updated 6:24 AM UTC, September 19, 2024
Share

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Adolis García hit a two-run homer in the sixth inning, Cody Bradford pitched seven strong innings after the worst start of his career, and the Texas Rangers beat the Toronto Blue Jays 2-0 on Wednesday night.

The win kept the defending World Series-champion Rangers alive in the AL West race, trailing first-place Houston by nine games with 10 to play. They are seven games back in the wild card race.

García launched an inside sinker over the left-field wall off Toronto starter Bowden Francis (8-5) after Wyatt Langford singled.

“He swings hard, he swings a lot,” Francis said of García. “I guess the velo was dropping during that time.”

Bradford (6-3) allowed five hits and no walks while striking out six.

The seven shutout innings are the most in a game during his two-year career. He was knocked out of his previous start after allowing career highs in hits (nine), runs (eight) and homers (three) in 3 2/3 innings in a 14-4 loss at Arizona.

“Throughout the week, you’ve got to try and digest what happened, see where I can make adjustments, whether it was just game plan went wrong or just poor execution, or a little bit of both,” Bradford said. “Then you flush it.”

RELATED STORIES
Texas Rangers and RHP Nathan Eovaldi finalize $75 million, 3-year contract
World Series vision that got Nathan Eovaldi to the Rangers is the same one that got him to re-sign
Brewers acquire RHP Grant Anderson from Rangers for minor league LHP Mason Molina

Bradford was perfect through four innings before Alejandro Kirk opened the fifth with a smash back to the mound that caromed off Bradford’s left foot and rolled into right field for a single. It extended Kirk’s hitting streak to a career-high 12 games.

Spencer Horwitz’s double to left-center put runners on second and third with no outs before Bradford retired the next three batters.

Blue Jays manager John Schneider credited Bradford’s “deceptive fastball.”

“When you’re throwing 89, 92, you’ve got to have pretty good deception with that at this level,” Schneider said. “Kept us off balance.”

Kirby Yates pitched a perfect ninth inning for his 31st save in 32 opportunities.

Francis, who took no-hitters into the ninth inning in two of his previous four starts, allowed a double to Marcus Semien, the Rangers’ first hitter of the game. He gave up five hits and one walk in six innings.

Francis has a 1.96 ERA in nine starts with 54 strikeouts and seven walks since being moved back into the starting rotation in late July.

“I don’t even want to get complacent, on cruise control,” Francis said. “Just keep attacking.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Blue Jays: SS Bo Bichette was a late scratch with a right middle finger contusion suffered during infield practice. Schneider said the team will get back X-rays on Thursday. Bichette was activated Tuesday following a calf injury and played for the first time in two months, going 2 for 5 with one RBI at the plate. ... INF Will Wagner (left knee inflammation) will have the knee scoped on Thursday. Schneider said Wagner should be ready to start spring training. Wagner, son of former major leaguer Billy Wagner, was acquired from Houston at the trade deadline.

UP NEXT

Rangers rookie RHP Kumar Rocker (0-0, 2.25 ERA) will make his home debut against Blue Jays RHP Kevin Gausman (12-11, 4.02) in the series finale. Rocker allowed one run in four innings at Seattle last Thursday in his major league debut.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
In ‘I’m Still Here,’ a family portr ait is a form of political resista...
No Credit Card Interest Until 2026? Yep.
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Prosecutors seek 15 years in prison for former New Jersey...
Prosecutors say former U.S. Sen. Bob Menendez should be imprisoned for 15...
AP News
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
How LifeMD is Simplif ying Sleep
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departing From Iowa That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Pl...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Easier Diabetes Manag ement with Dexcom G7
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Pla...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Enjoy 7 Hours of Sleep [Learn How]
LifeMD
Advertisement:
Learn More
Compare Cards with No Annual Fees & 0% Interest for 18 Months
NerdWallet
Advertisement:
Get Offer
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after...
Authorities say the man who traveled armed to a pizzeria in the nation's capital...
AP News
A new book alleges that someon e at Fox News gave Trump's...
A forthcoming book alleges that someone inside Fox News gave Donald Trump’s pr...
AP News
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
These Seniors Over 65 Learned How To Save Massive On Life Insu...
Senior Life Insurance
Advertisement:
Best Winter Hat I've Ever Owned
FANYIL
Advertisement:
Shop Now
by Taboola
Suggested For You
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking Iowa By Storm
Glosrity:Advertisement
Learn More
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address (Take a Look)
Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
Search Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/rangers-blue-jays-score-f554d6027825eff24c392b82d1a5f2b5 
 ----- 
