Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Here's what to expect from Chourio in the Majors
Share
Here's what to expect from Chourio in the Majors
March 29th, 2024

Sam Dykstra

@SamDykstraMiLB
Share
;

8 SECONDS REMAINING

The Jackson Chourio Era is nigh.

MLB Pipeline’s No. 2 overall prospect signed an eight-year, $82 million Major League contract with the Brewers in December. The deal came with two club options that could keep the outfielder in a Milwaukee uniform through the 2033 season, when he would still only be 29 years old, and those options -- at $25 million apiece and including escalators and incentives -- could make the total value of the deal amount to more than $140 million over the full 10 years, a source told MLB.com.

It’s the longest and largest contract ever signed by a player with zero Major League service time, besting the six-year, $50 million pact signed by White Sox outfielder Luis Robert Jr. in 2020.

MLB Pipeline | Top 100 prospects | Prospect video

Those are the long-term effects of the deal. In the much more short term, Chourio has earned his way onto the Opening Day roster and figures to be an everyday outfield option after he hit .328 with a .381 on-base percentage across his first 17 Cactus League appearances.

Milwaukee’s top prospect, who turned 20 on March 11, will become the first 2004-born player to reach the Majors. A star during the inaugural Spring Breakout event in mid-March, the Venezuela native put himself in the conversation for the spot by virtue of one of the most impressive Minor League power-speed performances in recent memory.

Chourio finished the 2023 season with 22 homers and 44 stolen bases across 128 games between Double-A Biloxi (where he played the vast majority of the season) and Triple-A Nashville. In so doing, he became just the fifth teenager to reach the 20-40 plateau in the Minors since 1958, joining Ronald Acuña Jr. (2017), Alex Escobar (1998), Andruw Jones (1995), and José Cardenal (1961) on that list.

That inclusion alongside Acuña and Jones might have a lot of Wisconsinites jolting out of their chairs, and while Chourio has a ways to go before he can truly earn comps to the reigning National League MVP and a five-time All-Star, this isn’t the first time the comparison has been made by people close to the player.

Related
Brewers avoid arb with 5 of 6, exchange figures with Contreras

3:35 AM UTC

Woodruff gets candid about where he stands in recovery process

January 7th, 2025

Bauers returns to Crew on make-good deal

January 6th, 2025

3 thoughts from an eventful week for the Brewers

November 22nd, 2024

Chourio finishes third in NL Rookie of the Year Award voting

November 19th, 2024

The case for each Rookie of the Year finalist

November 18th, 2024

“I know he's been good with us in the past, but right now, he's a different guy,” Single-A Carolina manager Victor Estevez told MLB.com in July 2022. “I compare him to an Acuña type of player. Any of those young guys who made it to the big leagues early, I compare him to those types of players, to be honest.”

The raw tools are certainly there.

Chourio earns plus-plus grades from evaluators for his speed, and he’s used those wheels to swipe 68 bags over his first three Minor League seasons. As a right-handed slugger with an ability to drive the ball well to all fields, Chourio also displays the potential for at least 60-grade power. His 22 homers for Biloxi were the most at Double-A by an age-19 player since 2006, beating out fellow Top 10 prospect Junior Caminero (20) and other notable boppers Fernando Tatis Jr. (16, 2018) and Giancarlo Stanton (16, 2009).

The ability to hit Major League pitching out of the gate is Chourio's biggest question mark.

He has struggled with outside breaking pitches in the past, and he opened last season with just a .254/.308/.418 line and 24.6 percent strikeout rate over 44 games in April and May. That coincided with the Southern League using a pretacked ball that aided with pitch rise and movement in the first half. By July, Chourio was one of the Minors’ hottest hitters with a .388/.447/.718 line, six homers and a 10.6 percent K rate in only 19 games. The Brewers believe that was as much about Chourio adjusting to the level over time (rather than simply a causal effect of the ball change), but it wouldn’t be a shock if it takes the youngster a similar amount of time to find his footing against top-level pitching.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up
Subscribe to the MLB Pipeline Newsletter

Chourio, whose arm is considered average at best following elbow issues during his amateur days, will need to maintain his standing in a Brewers outfield corps that already felt crowded. Recent prospect graduates Sal Frelick, Garrett Mitchell and Joey Wiemer can all play center field more than capably, and Christian Yelich is a factor in the corners. It’s worth noting that Chourio made 107 starts in center for Biloxi but four of his five defensive starts for Triple-A Nashville came in right, in deference to a then-rehabbing Mitchell. Chourio's ability to run has also treated him well in center field, where he shows ample range after moving there from his amateur position as a shortstop. (He even told MLB.com in September that short remains his favorite spot on the diamond.) That said, Milwaukee's depth could push the rookie more into right field to begin his career with Yelich manning the opposite corner. Three of Chourio's last four Cactus League starts entering Monday came in right field.

The truth of the matter is, barring Yelich’s past, no one in the Brewers outfield group can match Chourio’s ceiling. Clubs make room for that type of prospect instead of getting concerned about the depth chart, and with the size and timing of his long-term deal, Milwaukee is making this clear -- it’s ready for its superstar.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers
Jackson Chourio

Sam Dykstra is a reporter for MiLB.com and MLB.com. Follow and interact with him on Bluesky @SamDykstraMiLB, and listen to him on his weekly podcast The Show Before the Show.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/what-to-expect-from-jackson-chourio-in-mlb 
 ----- 
