Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
Es noticia:
Patrick Mahomes mother
Erin Andrews
Dak Prescott CeeDee Lamb
Mike McCarthy Cowboys 
Taylor Swift Travis Kelce
Cotton Bowl Halftime Show
Hanna Cavinder
Deion Sanders death threats
Angel Reese boyfriend
Jake Paul
Shohei Ohtani Dodgers 
Wolf Moon
Dollar Tree
Diddy son 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
401k contribution limits 2025
Medicaid
EITC Payment maximum
100 VA Disability 2025
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Dallas Cowboys
Kim Kardashian is a huge part of the Dallas Cowboys as she is part of the team in a very unique way

It has been a surprise to many to know this

Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott, top right, takes a snap while running a play against the New Orleans Saints during the first half of an NFL football game, Sunday, Sept. 15, 2024, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Jerome Miron)
LW
Actualizado 17/09/2024 - 17:02 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Jerry Jones delivers a strong message to Dak Prescott after Cowboys' humiliating loss
Kim Kardashian reportedly has massive crush on Real Madrid's Jude Bellingham

The NFL season is already into its third week of the season, but it has already given the fans a lot of things to talk about. There have been many surprising results, and all have been as the result of a lot of remarkable plays that teams have designed and practices during the week.

Offensive coordinators and quarterbacks work together with the rest of the offensive players to execute the planned play to perfection so it will be effective and it has shown on Sundays so far. Even Dak Prescott and the Dallas Cowboys have involved Kim Kardashian on this.

The long pass by Sam Darnold to Justin Jefferson, the way that Baker Mayfield has execute his plays to surprise many and even how the Los Angeles Chargers running game has helped them reach a 2-0 mark, but there is one play in particular what everyone is talking about.

The Cowboys' new play

During their Week 2 game against the New Orleans Saints, the Cowboys were ready to snap the ball but then quarterback Dak Prescott called an audible; this has to do with the main celebrity of the Kardashian family, the signal caller started to shout "Kim K! Kim K!"

MORE in MARCA
Harry and...
Marca
A photo spark...
Marca

While everyone was ready to see what play got to be named Kim Kardashian, now the world will have to wait at least one more week as the clock on the first quarter expired and the team could not snap the ball before the whistle blew.

Kim Kardashian has been a constant topic of conversation for the team and their offense, because to call a play they need to work on it and that happens over the week of practice. Therefore, it is safe to say that Kim is running through every Cowboys player's mind.

Kim Kardashian - English
Dallas Cowboys - English
Dak Prescott - English
NFL - English
Dallas CowboysWomen beware as this Dallas Cowboys player's love life might be in for a spin
Dallas CowboysPost Malone loves Taylor Swift but likes Dak Prescott more and makes a prediction: He's gonna f*ck everybody up
Celebrity net worthMicah Parsons Net Worth 2024: How much are the Cowboys paying him and what are his current earnings?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Prince Harry happy with latest news...
Marca
Kate Middleton couldn't forgive...
Marca
17 Legitimate Ways To Get Mo...
Bankrate
Protect Your Brand : Corporate Ident...
traveltrendstoday
Maximizing Your ROI: Tips for Suc...
findyouranswers
Compare & Save: Top Car Insuranc...
Car Insurance | Search Ads
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/dallas-cowboys/2024/09/18/66e9f7dc22601d527b8b456e.html 
 ----- 
