Skip to content
Subscribe Now
55°F
Saturday, December 28th 2024

e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Lake County
Geauga County
Cuyahoga County
Ohio News
National News
Opioid Epidemic
Election
Traffic
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
Cleveland Browns
Cleveland Cavaliers
Cleveland Guardians
Ohio State
Lake County Captains
Monsters
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
Movies
Music and Concerts
Theater
Restaurants Food and Drink
Recipes
Travel
TV Listings
Comics
More Puzzles
Jumble and More
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Marketplace
Jobs
Classifieds
Tools
Contact Us
Advertise
Contests
Submit Announcements
Newsstand Locations
Mobile Apps
GasBuddy
Lottery
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTS
United States eliminated from Copa America with 1-0 loss to Uruguay, increasing pressure to fire Berhalter
Christian Pulisic of the United States argues a non-call during a Copa America Group C soccer match against Uruguay on July 1 in Kansas City, Mo. (Ed Zurga – The Associated Press)
By THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
UPDATED: July 2, 2024 at 7:24 AM EST

By DAVE SKRETTA

KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Gregg Berhalter gave a single-word answer after the United States was eliminated from the Copa America with a loss to Uruguay when asked whether he was the right man to lead the Americans into the 2026 World Cup.

“Yes,” Berhalter said.

Plenty of others are sure to have plenty more to say about his future with the national team.

After a disastrous loss to Panama put the U.S. in a dire predicament, Berhalter’s lineup of players from European clubs created precious few opportunities against Uruguay. And when Mathías Olivera found the back of the net for a questionable second-half goal, La Celeste walked out of Arrowhead Stadium with a 1-0 victory on Monday night and the Americans were left wondering how everything had gone so wrong.

“We’re all going to do a review of the whole tournament and see where we fell short,” Berhalter said. “It’s obvious the Panama game hurt us, put us behind the 8-ball, and I think collectively — the staff, the players, the sporting department — have to look at where do we improve. How do we get better? We know it’s a talented team, one with big potential, and we didn’t show it.”

Berhalter and the U.S. hoped to show the team had advanced since its round-of-16 elimination against the Netherlands at the 2022 World Cup. Instead, the U.S. managed only a 2-0 win over lowly Bolivia and were upset 2-1 by the Panamanians.

“We had a good start and brought a lot of energy but at the end of the day, just not enough quality,” U.S. captain Christian Pulisic said. “I felt like we gave it everything but we just couldn’t score.”

Indeed, the lone goal Monday night came in the 66th minute when Nicolas De La Cruz swung a free kick in front of the American goal. Matt Turner parried a header by Ronald Araújo, who out-jumped defender Tim Ream, but the rebound went right to Olivera and he tapped the ball in with his left foot.

Olivera appeared to be offside on the initial header but the goal stood after a video review.

Three minutes before Uruguay scored, the U.S. was in position to advance.

Bruno Miranda had tied the score for Bolivia against Panama in a game started simultaneously in Orlando, Florida, which meant the U.S. would only need a tie. But Panama went on to a 3-1 victory to claim the second spot in Group C behind Uruguay, and the U.S. was bounced from the group stage for the first time in 20 continental and global tournaments on home soil.

“This is still a young team. Still a lot of potential. But potential doesn’t really matter if you go out on the pitch and you don’t get the job done,” defender Antonee Robinson said. “Everyone needs to try and up the level, myself included.”

Berhalter was rehired in June 2023 and given a contract through the upcoming World Cup, which the U.S. will co-host with Canada and Mexico. But despite a lineup that included Pulisic, Weston McKennie and Tyler Adams, the U.S. failed to even match its last Copa America appearance, when it lost to Argentina in the 2016 semifinals.

During the second half Monday night, the home crowd of 55,460 in less-than-full Arrowhead Stadium began chanting, “Fire Gregg.”

The U.S. next plays September friendlies against Canada and New Zealand.

“It wasn’t only Copa America. It’s learning from these high-level games we’re playing pre-tournament,” Berhalter said, “and having this collective understanding that the margins are so small, and there is very little separating any of these teams.”

Uruguay played without coach Marcelo Bielsa, suspended for sending his team out late for the second half of its first two games. Diego Reyes and Pablo Quiroga were in charge on a mild but humid night in Kansas City.

Berhalter and the Americans knew the difficulty of their situation — Pulisic at one point said they would need to play “the best game of our lives” to advance — and they looked like a team with nothing to lose for most of the first half.

It was one marked by physical play and questionable calls.

Folarin Balogun, who had two goals already in the tournament, bore the brunt of several challenges. He was left calling for help after a collision with Uruguayan goalkeeper Sergio Rochet, then was left rolling on the field after Araújo’s challenge later in the half. Balogun eventually had to leave with a hip pointer and Ricardo Pepi took his place.

Uruguay lost Maximiliano Araújo earlier in the half after a scary collision with Ream near the U.S. goal. He had to be taken off the field on a stretcher, though he was able to move his arms before heading up the tunnel.

In the middle of the chaos was 32-year-old Peruvian referee Kevin Ortega, whose several questionable calls hurt the U.S.

The first came when Ortega began to pull a yellow card and stop play, then allowed it to continue — while still holding the card — as Uruguay nearly scored on an attack. The second came when the U.S. had a clear advantage after a hand ball on Uruguay, but the Peruvian referee eventually blew his whistle and called the play back for a free kick.

“This referee was awful,” Robinson said. “I’ve never seen a referee, you know, let a quick free kick go while he’s got a yellow card in his hand. And it’s literally embarrassing. And I hope something happens to him from that.”

Uruguay applied more pressure midway through the second half, then had the Americans in desperation mode after the goal. And while the U.S. had a few good runs and a couple of good opportunities in the box, a team that had such big expectations was unable to find the two goals it needed — or even one.

“The U.S. is a very strong team, but if you push us to play tough, we can do that,” Uruguay’s Manuel Ugarte said. “And we can play beautiful (attractive) soccer as well. We adapt to the circumstances of the match.”

Originally Published: July 1, 2024 at 11:15 PM EST
Around the Web
Nevada New Windows Available if You Own a Home in These Zip Codes
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
A 60-year-old Grandmother Designed a Bra for Women That is Popular All Over！
Libiyi
Here's Why Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bathroom Remodel Service
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Sneaky Way Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced in Nevada
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Las Vegas Seniors Love This Nail Clipper!
Outfany
Never Put Mustard in Your Fridge, Here's Why
Life Hacks Garden
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Discover The $59 Smartwatch Testing Blood Sugar Quickly and Painlessly in Las Vegas
Shirem
Forget About Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Experience Safer Nighttime Drives With These Glasses
Ribili
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Upgrade Your Nail Care With This Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Brighten Up Your Nevada Dining Room With a Cordless Table Lamp
Ribili
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - Prepare to Be Shocked!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Las Vegas: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Silent but Dangerous: See The Face of Psoriatic Arthritis
Psoriatic Arthritis
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Hepatitis C is Silent but Deadly - Click Here to Read Symptoms
Hepatitis | Search Ad
What Causes Myelodysplasia Syndrome Will Surprise You!
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Looking Twice!
Tardive Diskinesia
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Police investigating possible murder-suicide in Painesville
Police investigating possible murder-suicide in Painesville
Euclid mayor considers future of city community programs in wake of officer’s death
Euclid mayor considers future of city community programs in wake of officer's death
Former Mentor Fire Academy student helps save life of motorcycle crash victim
Former Mentor Fire Academy student helps save life of motorcycle crash victim
Painesville Township, Grand River announce new fire staffing agreement
Painesville Township, Grand River announce new fire staffing agreement
Laketran director of operations honored with ‘Under 40 Rising Star Award’
Laketran director of operations honored with 'Under 40 Rising Star Award'
Mentor boys basketball coach Bob Krizancic offering ‘Complete Package’ online course
Mentor boys basketball coach Bob Krizancic offering 'Complete Package' online course
Catholic Charities, Diocese of Cleveland, names new president/CEO
Catholic Charities, Diocese of Cleveland, names new president/CEO
Madison Village finished a variety of major projects in 2024
Madison Village finished a variety of major projects in 2024
Sip, Savor, Swoon: Lake County’s Hot Chocolate Trail’s growth continues
Sip, Savor, Swoon: Lake County’s Hot Chocolate Trail’s growth continues
Lake County commissioners note year’s achievements, look to 2025
Lake County commissioners note year's achievements, look to 2025
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Body found in wheel well of plane from Chicago to Maui
How Diddy and Luigi Mangione spent Christmas in Brooklyn jail
Massive invasive python is freed into the Palm Beach County wilderness. Here’s why
‘Baby Driver’ actor Hudson Meek dead at 16
Pregnant woman stabbed multiple times by pizza deliverer disgruntled about tip, sheriff says
MORE IN SPORTS
Mitchell scores 33, Cavs beat Nuggets, 149-135, for sixth straight win
Wickliffe vs. Berkshire boys basketball: Strong first half, fourth quarter pushes Blue Devils to 64-47 victory
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Geneva vs. North boys basketball: Eagles persevere to edge Rangers, 67-66
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
PHOTOS: Wickliffe-Berkshire boys basketball, Dec. 27, 2024
2024
July
1
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit Announcements
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
iOS App
Android App
News-Herald
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
CLASSIFIEDS
Place Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
Jobs
Network Advertising
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2024 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.news-herald.com/2024/07/01/united-states-eliminated-from-copa-america-with-1-0-loss-to-uruguay-increasing-pressure-to-fire-berhalter/ 
 ----- 
