LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
FOOTBALL
Copa America 2024: United States crash out as Uruguay, Panama advance
The USA’s first-round exit raises fresh questions about the future of US coach Berhalter, who remains deeply unpopular amongst swathes of American fans.

Published - July 02, 2024 09:41 am IST - Kansas City

AFP
READ LATER
PRINT

Uruguay players celebrate the team’s victory and progression to the quarterfinals after the Copa America 2024 match against United States at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, on July 1, 2024. | Photo Credit: Getty Images via AFP

The United States crashed out of the Copa America on July 1 after a 1-0 defeat to Uruguay, as Panama sealed their place in the quarter-finals with a 3-1 win over Bolivia.

Team USA, who suffered an upset 2-1 defeat to Panama last Thursday, went into Monday’s final Group C game at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City needing to match or better Panama’s result against Bolivia to advance.

But US coach Gregg Berhalter’s side never looked like doing enough to seriously threaten a well-drilled Uruguay outfit who advance to the last eight as group winners.

“It’s difficult to say right now, obviously the emotions are running high,” disappointed US captain Christian Pulisic said.

“We had a good start and brought a lot of energy, but just didn’t have enough quality. We just couldn’t find a solution.”

Hopes of a great escape for the tournament hosts faded inside the first 30 minutes, as news filtered through that Panama had taken a 1-0 lead against Bolivia in Orlando.

Those hopes were revived early in the second half after Bolivia equalised to make it 1-1, leaving the US on course for qualification provided they continued to hold Uruguay.

Yet the US optimism was punctured just moments later when Uruguay took the lead in controversial circumstances through Mathias Olivera on 66 minutes.

Ronald Araujo’s powerful header from Nicolas de la Cruz’s free-kick was parried away by US goalkeeper Matt Turner, but only into the path of Olivera, who tucked away the rebound.

Replays appeared to show that Olivera was offside when Araujo first made contact with the ball, but despite a lengthy VAR review, Peruvian referee Kevin Ortega ruled that the goal should stand.

The mathematics of qualification looked even more bleak for the US after news that Panama had scored again through Eduardo Guerrero to regain the lead at 2-1, and the final nail in the coffin came when Cesar Yanis added a third for Panama in stoppage time.

The USA’s first-round exit raises fresh questions about the future of US coach Berhalter, who remains deeply unpopular amongst swathes of American fans.

Berhalter was only reappointed to the US job in June last year following a hiatus after leading the team to the 2022 World Cup.

Yet the nature of Monday’s early exit is certain to reignite debate about whether he is the best man to lead the United States into the 2026 World Cup on home soil.

Failure to defeat Uruguay, 14th in the latest FIFA rankings, extends Berhalter’s poor record against top 20 teams.

Berhalter has just five wins in 20 matches against top-20 teams during his reign, and four of those victories came against regional rivals Mexico — who were also been eliminated from the Copa in the first round.

That dismal sequence continued after a toothless attacking performance from Berhalter’s side against Uruguay, where they registered only three shots on goal in a misfiring offensive display.

US defender Antonee Robinson described the officiating as “amateur hour” but stressed responsibility for the defeat lay with the American players. “Just not enough quality in the final third,” Robinson said.

“At the end of the day we weren’t good enough to get the result today. This is on us.”

Published - July 02, 2024 09:41 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

soccer

Most Popular
Watch: Manmohan Singh’s village in present-day Pakistan mourns his passing
In Mumbai, a joyride that turned fatal
Pakistan village mourns ‘Mohna’, boy who became PM
Anupam Kher, Hansal Mehta clash over 'The Accidental Prime Minister' post Manmohan Singh's death
When Anupam Kher played Manmohan Singh in ‘The Accidental Prime Minister’
Kohli family in Hubballi quietly mourns demise of Manmohan Singh
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Ravichandran Ashwin retirement LIVE 
Parliament Winter Session Day 19 LIVE 
News 
Live news 
Christmas Advent calendar 2024 
Latest cricket news 
Gukesh vs Ding World Chess Championship Game 14 LIVE 
Tamil Nadu rains LIVE Dec 12 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP

 

 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/football/copa-america-2024-united-states-crash-out-as-uruguay-panama-advance/article68358151.ece 
 ----- 
