Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to sidebar
Skip to footer
Free Premium Trial: Download our app >>
🤖

Get the Edge with Sharp AI

Meet Sharp AI! Your ultimate sports betting companion. Get real-time analytics and betting tips with our AI-driven insights.

Got it! Thanks
Home
Games
Picks
P
Premium Feature
Premium
Menu
Click to go to homepage
Get the App
0
Click to open picks slideout menu
Copa America 2024 Odds, Picks & Predictions: Monday (7/1)
by Daniel Dobish
| @danieledobish
|
Jul 1, 2024

The 2024 Copa America continues with two First Round Group State matches at Inter&Co Stadium in Orlando, Fla., and Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Mo. In Group C action, Bolivia and Panama square off in Orlando, and the United States battles Uruguay in Kansas City. Both matches begin at 9 p.m. ET, and Bolivia vs. Panama can be viewed or streamed on FOX Sports 2, while the USMNT and Uruguay match can be viewed or streamed on FOX Sports 1.

Let’s build that bankroll for the remainder of the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America tournament with our best fútbol bets for Monday, July 1. Here are our top 2024 Copa America picks and predictions for Bolivia vs. Panama and United States vs. Uruguay.

Best Soccer Betting Odds
How to Bet on Soccer
Soccer Sports Betting Strategies

Get instant alerts when a line reaches your target via the BettingPros App >>

Monday’s 2024 Copa America Best Bets

Copa America 2024 odds courtesy of FanDuel Sportsbook | All wagers are for 1 unit

Bolivia (+490) vs. Panama (-160) – Draw (+280) | O/U Total 2.5 (+104/-126)

Bolivia has dropped both of its games in Group C play, falling 2-0 against the United States, and 5-0 against Uruguay. While technically, it is still possible for Bolivia to pull into a three-way tie with three points with the United States and Panama for second place in the group, with a minus-7 goal differential, it would need a win by nine goals or more in this match while needing the USMNT to fall to Uruguay.

The scouting report for La Verde heading into this tournament was that they were bereft in offense while playing a solid brand of defense. Well, the offense lived up to expectations, as Bolivia is still looking for its first goal of Copa America. However, the defense certainly hasn’t been good, getting trampled 5-0 by Uruguay last time out.

Bolivia managed a 40.3% possession time in the Uruguay matchup, and it collected 14 fouls with only 14 shot attempts, and just one on goal. On the flip side, the defense allowed 18 shot attempts with nine shots on target, while allowing five corners. Bolivia has lost five consecutive matches across all competitions, and it has been outscored 14-1 in those outings. Bolivia last tasted victory in a 1-0 international friendly against Andorra on March 25.

For Panama, it rebounded from a 3-1 loss to Uruguay by topping the United States 2-1 last time out on Thursday. Tim Weah inexplicably punched Panama’s Roderick Miller, collecting a red card, while keeper Matt Turner suffered an injury. Ethan Horvath, who plays his club soccer for Cardiff City, replaced the injured Turner.

Los Canaleros should have very little issue with La Verde. Panama has a win against the United States, but they still have a minus-1 goal differential. Panama can use a win, and an impressive win, too, while needing USMNT to stub its toe against Uruguay. Expect Panama to go all out, but I am expecting a 2-0 win by Panama, which may or may not get them through to the knockout stages.

As far as total Corners, Bolivia allowed five to Uruguay, while receiving three. Against the USA, Bolivia had just one corner, to seven for USMNT. For Panama, it managed three corners to none for USA last time out. In the opener against Uruguay, Panama allowed nine corners, while earning three. Bolivia isn’t Uruguay, or even Team USA, so they will be lucky to get even one or two corners. Panama could have a tournament-high five or six corners, but we should still go Under, making this a solid plus-money standalone play.

Best Bets
Panama Moneyline (-160)
Under 2.5 Total Goals (-126)
Panama To Win 1-0, 2-0 or 3-0 (+180)
Both Teams To Score – No (-140)
Corners – Under 8 (+180)
Same Game Parlay (+852)
Panama Moneyline (-160)
Under 2.5 Total Goals (-126)
Corners – Under 8 (+180)
United States (+155) vs. Uruguay (+185) – Draw (+220) | O/U Total 2.5 (+110/-134)

It’s now or never for Team USA. The USMNT all but likely needs a victory to advance to the knockout stages, and that’s a tall order against Uruguay, a team which has looked like the best in the tournament at various times. Uruguay opened with a 3-1 win over Panama, the team which beat the USA last time out. Uruguay dominated in time of possession at 54.7%-to-45.3%, while taking 20 shots with seven on target. Uruguay was also able to earn nine corner kicks.

Last time out, Uruguay punished Bolivia 5-0, posting a 59.7% possession percentage, while taking 18 shot attempts with nine shots on goal. Uruguay was able to earn five corner kicks, too. Manager Marcelo Bielsa has been suspended by CONMEBOL for entering the pitch late for the second half of Thursday’s win over Bolivia. Venezuela managed Fernando Batista was suspended for the same thing, and he was suspended for Sunday’s match with Jamaica. His team did just fine, as Venezuela won 3-0. Will Uruguay be able to do the same?

The bad news is that Weah will be suspended for this game after his punch against Panama. The good news is that USMNT is unbeaten in the past four meetings against Uruguay across all competitions, and it is in the driver’s seat with a draw or win. With a plus-7 goal differential, and six points, Uruguay is all but assured of a spot in the Round of 16. It might not be terribly motivated, and it will be without its manager Bielsa. That could benefit the United States, if La Celeste doesn’t keep its foot on the gas for the full 90 minutes. USA needs all the help it can get.

Being American, I’d love to see the host nation advance. Being realistic, it is playing one of the two best teams in this tournament, and a draw or loss is more than likely. I just can’t see USA beating Uruguay, after falling to Panama last time out. On the flip side, Bolivia should be nothing more than a speed bump for Panama, leaving Team USA on the outside looking in, similar to Mexico.

Best Bets
United States vs. Uruguay – Draw (+220)
Under 2.5 Total Goals (-134)
Over 8 Corners (-150)
Correct Score Combinations – Draw 0-0 or 1-1 (+280)
Same Game Parlay (+546)
United States vs. Uruguay – Draw (+220)
Under 2.5 Total Goals (-134)
Over 8 Corners (-150)

Daniel E. Dobish is a featured writer at BettingPros. For more from Daniel, check out his archive and follow him @danieledobish.

Copa America
Featured
Soccer
Rate This Article:
Tail
Fade
YouTube
56.4K
Follow
More Articles
College Football Same Game Parlay Picks for Saturday’s Bowl Games (12/28)
5 minutes ago
NFL Week 17 Anytime TD Scorer Picks & Predictions (2024)
17 minutes ago
NBA Player Prop Bets, Picks & Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
49 minutes ago
NHL PrizePicks Player Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
51 minutes ago
NHL Odds, Picks & Predictions: Saturday (12/28)
52 minutes ago
NFL Week 17 Betting Primer: Picks & Player Prop Bets (2024)
58 minutes ago
NFL Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Research
Articles
Teams
Leaderboards
Rankings
NBA Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Research
Articles
Teams
Leaderboards
NCAAF Home
Odds
Picks
Matchups
Tools
Leaderboards
Articles
Teams
Podcast
Rankings
Careers
Product Updates
Get Involved
About Us
Contact Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Third Party Licenses
Do Not Sell
Accessibility
Disclosures
© Copyright 2024 BettingPros.com®
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
The content of this website is intended to be used for entertainment purposes only.
Please be aware of and respect the laws regarding sports betting for your jurisdiction.
We are not affiliated, associated, authorized, endorsed by, or in any way officially connected with the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, PGA, UFC, WNBA, or any other league or team. Any names, logos, or images are trademarks™ or registered® trademarks of their respective holders. Use of them does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them
Do you or someone you know have a gambling problem?
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bettingpros.com/articles/copa-america-2024-odds-picks-predictions-monday-7-1/ 
 ----- 
