YOU ARE HERE Home » Milwaukee Brewers: Craig Counsell Recognizes 5 Players After Clinching A Spot In The Playoffs
BREWERS
Milwaukee Brewers: Craig Counsell Recognizes 5 Players After Clinching A Spot In The Playoffs
By Tyler Koerth_September 23, 2023No Comments4 Mins Read
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Sep 22, 2023; Miami, Florida, USA; Milwaukee Brewers players celebrate after winning the game against the Miami Marlins at loanDepot Park. Mandatory Credit: Sam Navarro-USA TODAY Sports
SHARE

The Milwaukee Brewers secured their spot in the 2023 playoffs with a 16-1 victory over the Miami Marlins.  This marks the fifth time in the past six years that the Brewers will be in the post season.  It also brought their magic number to win the National League Central division down to one.  Once they secure that it will be their third division title in six years.

Related: 13 things to know about the Milwaukee Brewers 12 run inning against the Miami Marlins

Sep 22, 2023; Miami, Florida, USA; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Christian Yelich (22) celebrates with teammates after hitting a home run against the Miami Marlins during the second inning at loanDepot Park. Mandatory Credit: Sam Navarro-USA TODAY Sports

After the victory Milwaukee had a champagne toast in their clubhouse.  The real champagne celebration will occur once the division is secured, but during this special moment manager Craig Counsell recognized five players.

Craig Counsell recognizes five Milwaukee Brewers after clinching a spot in the playoffs by defeating the Miami Marlins.

 

Since 2018, when the Brewers got back into the post season for the first time since 2011, five players have been a part of all of the playoff teams.  Those players are Corbin Burnes, Brandon Woodruff, Freddy Peralta, Adrian Houser, and Christian Yelich.

Sep 22, 2023; Miami, Florida, USA; Milwaukee Brewers starting pitcher Corbin Burnes (39) looks on against the Miami Marlins during the fourth inning at loanDepot Park. Mandatory Credit: Sam Navarro-USA TODAY Sports

Manager Craig Counsell made sure he gave some recognition to those players and here is what Corbin Burnes had to say on the teams run and what makes the 2023 squad special.

“They (Milwaukee Brewers) have motivation to put winning at the forefront and we have done that.  Even last year missing out by a game it was another winning season and we were that close to making the post season again.  But yeah the five of us that have made it… we are a group that has been through it.  Personally we each have had our ups and downs, so its kind of cool for us to continue to do this and hopefully this is the year that nets us a World Series.”

Everybody has seen the way we have played baseball the last month and half.  There are no real weaknesses throughout our lineup, pitching staff, bullpen, defensively.  We’ve played well on all fronts and I think that’s something that we realize as a team that we can do day in an day out…Just continue to play out best baseball no matter who we play.”

 

Related: Milwaukee Brewers dubbed a 2023 dark horse World Series contender.

Sep 22, 2023; Miami, Florida, USA; Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Christian Yelich (22) circles the bases after hitting a home run against the Miami Marlins during the second inning at loanDepot Park. Mandatory Credit: Sam Navarro-USA TODAY Sports

Of the players recognized by Craig Counsell three joined the organization via trade and two were home grown talent/selected in the draft.  Adrian Houser and Freddy Peralta both joined the Brewers in 2015 through trade, Christian Yelich was acquired in 2018 via trade, Brandon Woodruff was drafted in the 11th round in the 2014 MLB draft, and Corbin Burnes was a fourth round pick in the 2016 MLB draft.

Follow me on Twitter @tylerkoerth.  Follow us @WiSportsHeroics for more great sports content. To read more of our articles and keep up to date on the latest in Wisconsin sports, click here!.   We cover the Milwaukee Brewers, Green Bay Packers, Milwaukee Bucks, Wisconsin Badgers, and Wisconsin High School Sports.  Additionally we provide the latest news coverage on the NFL, MLB, and NBA.

 

Adrian Houser
Brandon Woodruff
Christian Yelich
Corbin Burnes
Freddy Peralta
SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Tyler Koerth_
X (Twitter)

Tyler Koerth is the Lead Milwaukee Brewers Sports Writer at Wisconsin Sports Heroics. Articles have been published on Bleacher Report, Iheart, MSN, Yardbarker, and more. He has been covering the Brewers since 2019.

RELATED POSTS
Former Milwaukee Brewers 1x All-Star Signs In The AL Central
January 11, 2025
Milwaukee Brewers Fans React to Colin Rea Signing with NL Central Nemesis
January 10, 2025
Former Milwaukee Brewers Pitcher Signs $5 Million Deal to Join Craig Counsell, Chicago Cubs
January 10, 2025
Milwaukee Brewers: William Contreras Faces Slim Odds Of Winning An Arbitration Case
January 10, 2025
ADD A COMMENT
Facebook
X (Twitter)
RSS
CONTACT US
ADVERTISEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2025 WISportsHeroics All Rights Reserved.
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wisportsheroics.com/milwaukee-brewers-craig-counsell-playoffs-corbin-burnes-brandon-woodruff-christian-yelich-adrian-houser-freddy-peralta-news/ 
 ----- 
