Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NBA
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Winners
NBA
Carmelo Anthony's profound message: Embracing life's significance beyond basketball

NBA veteran Carmelo Anthony shared a thought-provoking message

Carmelo Anthony reflects.AP / X
ROBERTO ORTEGA
21/09/2023 - 20:00 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email

In a recent candid moment, NBA veteran Carmelo Anthony shared a thought-provoking message that extends far beyond the boundaries of basketball. Known for his on-court excellence and leadership, Anthony's words carried a powerful reminder of life's deeper significance and the importance of cherishing the simple joys.

Carmelo Anthony reflects on life's impact beyond the game
Carmelo Anthony reflects on life's impact beyond the gameRoberto Ortega

"What did you do today?" Anthony began, addressing a fundamental question that often gets overshadowed in the hustle and bustle of daily routines. "You know, you asked yourself, was it impactful? Did you change your life? Did you make somebody smile?" These introspective inquiries, delivered with sincerity, encouraged listeners to reflect on the essence of their daily actions and interactions.

MORE in MARCA
A photo sparks...
Marca
Jennifer Garne...
Marca

Anthony's message took an even more profound turn as he asked, "Did you have fun? That's the most important part. Did you have fun?" In the pursuit of personal and societal achievements, the idea of having fun, enjoying life's moments, and finding happiness can sometimes be sidelined. Anthony's reminder to prioritize joy in our daily lives underscores the significance of balance and mindfulness.

Carmelo Anthony's message serves as a valuable reminder to appreciate life's journey, find joy in the little things, and strike a balance between personal fulfillment and the well-being of those around us. It's a testament to his wisdom both on and off the basketball court, where his impact continues to resonate with audiences beyond the realm of sports.

Carmelo Anthony - English
WNBAInspiring or inappropriate? Fans sound off on Carmelo Anthony and Breanna Stewart's awkward moment
GamingNBA 2K24's official reason for rating Victor Wembanyama higher than LeBron James
NBADamian Lillard deletes post revealing his next NBA team
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Prince Harry's pain ful question to...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
白內障手術，俞小凡選擇諾貝爾眼科，快速又安全 ，術後視界好清晰
諾貝爾眼科
免釘牆｜頂天立地層架
宜得利家居
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/basketball/nba/2023/09/22/650ce6ee46163faa8a8b457e.html 
 ----- 
