Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Seattle Mariners' George Kirby Apologizes For Comments Questioning Manager Scott Servais
One day after calling out his manager Scott Servais, Seattle Mariners starting pitcher George Kirby apologized for his comments.
Brady Farkas | Sep 10, 2023
Seattle Mariners' George Kirby Apologizes For Comments Questioning Manager Scott Servais /
In this story:
Seattle Mariners

One day after calling out his manager Scott Servais, Seattle Mariners starting pitcher George Kirby apologized on Saturday for his comments.

After surrendering a two-run home run in the seventh inning on Friday, Kirby said post-game that he wished he hadn't been out for the seventh inning and that he felt he had done enough to that point.

You can see those comments here.

On Saturday, Kirby struck a different tone, saying that those comments weren't reflective of the kind of player that he is.

Per Adam Jude of the Seattle Times on social media:

George Kirby just spoke with us here at the Trop. Said he apologized to Scott Servais and productive conversations have come out of his ‘emotional’ comments last night.

"... Obviously I screwed up. That's not me. Skip has always got to pry the ball out of my hands, this is super uncharacteristic of me as a player and who I am out on that mound..."

The 25-year-old is one of the top young pitchers in all of baseball, sitting at 10-9 this season with a 3.48 ERA. He made his first All-Star Game this past season as well. He'll start next on Friday against the Los Angeles Dodgers.

The Mariners are currently 79-63 on the year. They've lost six of their last 10 games and will finish out a series with the Tampa Bay Rays on Sunday afternoon.

Seattle is currently tied for the second wild card spot with the Toronto Blue Jays.

First pitch on Sunday is 1:10 p.m. ET as Bryce Miller (SEA) pitches against Zach Eflin (TB).

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 10, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/seattle-mariners-george-kirby-apologizes-for-viral-comments-of-him-questioning-manager-scott-servais 
 ----- 
