SPORTS
World Cup Qualifier: Nepal loses to Yemen 2-0
Nepalkhabar
21:26PM Nov 21,2023  |  Kathmandu
30

Shares

Nepal lost to Yemen by two goals in the second leg of the second round match of the FIFA World Cup Qualifier.

Nepal lost 2-0 to Yemen in the match held at Dasharath Stadium in Tripureshwar on Tuesday evening.

In the 73rd minute of the game, Yemen's Omar Abdullah Al-Dahi scored the first goal and took the lead. Similarly, Yemeni footballer Mohammed Abdullah Al-Dahi added one more goal in the first minute of the injury time.

This is Nepal's second defeat in row. Earlier, in the first match of the second round of Qualifier, Nepal lost to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) by 4-0. Nepal met with UAE after 39 years. At that time UAE had defeated Nepal by 11-0.

It was expected that Nepal would yield a positive outcome by capitalizing on the home ground. However, it could not convert some golden opportunities into goals despite the support of 13,735 Nepali spectators.  Yemen is the 156th and Nepal is the 173rd in the FIFA ranking.

Nepal is in Group H along with Yemen, Bahrain, and UAE. In the home and away match, Nepal will play two matches with all the teams.

The top two teams in the group will advance to the third round of World Cup Qualifier and also qualify for the AFC Asian Cup.

Nepal entered the second round by defeating Laos in the second leg of the first round of the World Cup Qualifier.

30

Shares

COMMENTS
RELATED NEWS
Nepal-China Dragon Boat Race 2024: Chinese teams emerge victorious
Chinese teams emerged victorious in most of the races in the second Nepal-China Dragon Boat Race 20…
Candidacies registered for NOC leadership amid dispute (with list)
Candidacies have been registered amid disputes for the new leadership of Nepal Olympic Committ…
Two arrested for offensive conduct after NPL final match
Police have arrested two people who behaved in an indecent manner during the Nepal Premier League (…
PM Oli felicitates NPL Champion Janakpur Bolts
Prime Minister KP Sharma Oli has felicitated the players and the managers of Janakpur Bolts, the ti…
LATEST NEWS
Three killed in Bajhang jeep accident
PM Oli, former President Bhandari meet
Five SSPs of Nepal Police recommended for promotion to DIG
Child singer Sachin Pariyar had congenital third ventricular cyst
Foreign Minister Rana pays tribute to first woman ambassador Shah
Nepal Khabar Pvt. Ltd.
Reg. No: 549 / 074-75

Nepal Khabar Pvt. Ltd.
Blue Star Complex
Thapathali-11, Kathmandu, Nepal
+977 01 4240505 / 4241389
News: news@nepalkhabar.com
FOR ADVERTISEMENTS
+977 9851081116
advertising@nepalkhabar.com
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Unicode
SOCIAL MEDIA
Facebook
Twitter
Youtube
Our Team
Back to Top
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://en.nepalkhabar.com/news/detail/7117/ 
 ----- 
