National
Madhesh Province
Lumbini Province
Bagmati Province
National Security
Koshi Province
Gandaki Province
Karnali Province
Sudurpaschim Province
Politics
Valley
Kathmandu
Lalitpur
Bhaktapur
Opinion
Columns
As it is
Letters
Editorial
Cartoon
Money
Sports
Cricket
Football
International Sports
Culture & Lifestyle
Arts
Brunch with the Post
Movies
Life & Style
Theater
Entertainment
Books
Fashion
Health
Food
Recipes
Travel
Investigations
Climate & Environment
World
Science & Technology
Interviews
Visual Stories
Crosswords & Sudoku
Horoscope
Forex
Corrections
Letters to the Editor
Today's ePaper
Fri, Jan 3, 2025
9.12°C Kathmandu
Air Quality in Kathmandu: 180
WHAT'S NEWS :NEA-government tussleHospitality industryRastriya Swatantra PartyImpending salt shortageBhim Rawal’s new plansBook talk
FOOTBALL
Nepal host Yemen in crunch game today
The Gorkhalis play against Yemen at the Dasharath Stadium in the second round of the joint qualification of the 2026 FIFA World Cup and 2027 AFC Asian Cup.
bookmark
facebook
twitter
mail
Sports Bureau
Published at : November 21, 2023
Updated at : November 21, 2023 07:26

Nepal will be under pressure to deliver at home when they host Yemen in the second round of the joint qualification of the 2026 FIFA World Cup and 2027 AFC Asian Cup at the Dasharath Stadium in Kathmandu on Tuesday.


Coach Vincenzo Alberto Annese’s Gorkhalis lost their opening match of the qualifiers 4-0 to heavy favourites United Arab Emirates in Dubai last week, and now quickly need to banish the disappointments if they are to stay in contention for third round and Asian Cup.

Nepal were outclassed in every department by the UAE, especially the first half that saw the Arab nation score all four goals to put the game beyond reach.

But captain and goalkeeper Kiran Kumar Limbu is looking to recover from the UAE loss.

“We have forgotten the defeat against the UAE. Our players are mentally strong and ready to take on Yemen. We are under pressure to win and the Yemen clash is very important if we are to progress further,” the 33-year-old Limbu said at a pre-match conference.

Nepal’s second half against the UAE was characterised by dogged determination and stubborn defending as they blocked Portuguese coach Paulo Bento’s team from causing further damage.

Ananta Tamang missed that game due to a knee injury he suffered during a training session. Tamang has recovered but still remains a doubt for the Yemen game. Playmaker Laken Limbu played only 19 minutes against the UAE before he was substituted after sustaining an injury. Laken has been ruled out of the Yemen clash.

This gives another selection headache to Annese, who is still experimenting with a young squad that lacks international exposure, with only seven players having played more than 10 games from the national side.

To make up for Tamang’s absence, Annese started inexperienced defender Chhiring Lama and also debuted Anjan Rai, who replaced Chhiring towards the end of the game. Yogesh Gurung also made his debut replacing Amrit Shrestha in the second half. The coach did not start Arik Bista and Ayush Ghalan against the UAE but Laken’s sidelining means Bista and Ghalan could return to the starting XI against Yemen.

Nepal and Yemen have faced off each other four times in the past. Nepal have lost three and drawn one. The sides last met in the third round of the 2019 AFC Asian Cup Qualification, where Nepal held Yemen to a 0-0 draw in the first leg of Group F in March 2017 before losing the second leg 2-1 a year later.

Overpowering Yemen will be a difficult task for Annese but the Italian is aiming for three points.

“We made several mistakes against the UAE. We will correct them because we want three points. We will play a high quality game against Yemen,” said Annese.

Yemen are also hurt and wounded after losing their qualifier match 2-0 against Bahrain. Yemen coach Miroslav Soukup will look to continue their winning streak against Nepal but is wary not to underestimate the opponents.

“They are a strong team. They played well against a stronger UAE. We will not take the game lightly,” said Soukup.

The UAE lead Group H with three points. Bahrain are also on three points but sit in the second position due to goal difference. Yemen occupy the third position while Nepal are fourth.

A total of 36 teams are divided into nine groups of four teams in the second round. The teams will play against each other on a home-and-away basis, with nine group winners and group runners-up securing their place in the third round of the World Cup qualifiers and automatic berth at the AFC Asian Cup.

RELATED NEWS
Final round of ANFA Women’s League begins today
Italy’s AC Milan sack Portuguese coach Paulo Fonseca after just six months
Australia Players Union slams FIFA over 2034 Saudi World Cup
Nepal in ‘tough’ group for AFC Asian Cup Qualifiers
Gerson stunner gives Brazil 1-1 draw with Uruguay in World Cup qualifier
Superb Martinez strike gives Argentina 1-0 home win over Peru
MOST READ FROM FOOTBALL
Final round of ANFA Women’s League begins today
Italy’s AC Milan sack Portuguese coach Paulo Fonseca after just six months
EDITOR'S PICKS
How the shady Airbus A330 jets deal was orchestrated
Nepal Premier League becomes a watershed for Nepali cricket
Everest helicopter flights face stronger headwind
Municipal, forest officials collude to aid and abet illegal mining of resources in Chure
Women victims struggle with cases of domestic violence stuck in courts
E-PAPER | JANUARY 03, 2025
Read ePaper Online
×
ABOUT US
About the Post
Masthead
Editorial Standards & Integrity
Workplace Harassment Policy
Privacy Policy
READ US
Home Delivery
ePaper
CONTACT US
Write for the Post
Letters to the Editor
Advertise in the Post
Work for the Post
Send us a tip
INTERACT WITH US
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
OUR SISTER PUBLICATIONS
eKantipur
saptahik
Nepal
Nari
Radio Kantipur
Kantipur TV
© 2025 www.kathmandupost.comPrivacy Policy
Top
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://kathmandupost.com/football/2023/11/21/nepal-host-yemen-in-crunch-game-today 
 ----- 
