SATURDAY, JANUARY 04, 2025
ENGLISH
हिन्दी
SIGN IN
VIDEOS
INDIA
WORLD
ENTERTAINMENT
SPORTS
TECH
EXPLAINER
LIFESTYLE
BUSINESS
HEALTH
Advertisement
YOU ARE AT:
News
Sports
Cricket
IND vs NZ 3rd T20I: Shubman Gill sets Ahmedabad on fire, smashes maiden ton in T20Is
IND vs NZ 3rd T20I: Shubman Gill sets Ahmedabad on fire, smashes maiden ton in T20Is
IND vs NZ 3rd T20I: India and New Zealand face in the 3rd T20I in Ahmedabad.
Written By: Varun Malik
New Delhi
Published : Feb 01, 2023 20:28 IST, Updated : Feb 01, 2023 20:51 IST
Follow us on 
Image Source : GETTY
Shubman Gill hits hundred

IND vs NZ 3rd T20I: India's Shubman Gill displayed his class in the 3rd T20I against New Zealand as he smashed his maiden T20I hundred in the decider match. Gill, who has shown his mettle in ODIs, starred in the shortest format too with his jaw-dropping shots around the Narendra Modi Stadium. 

Gill played his sixth T20I as the captain Hardik Pandya kept faith in him. He did not score any fifty ahead of this match but set the stadium on fire. Gill proved to be unstoppable as he smashed a hundred on 54 balls. At the end of the first innings, India made 234 on the batting feast of Ahmedabad. The right-handed batter ended up scoring the highest total by an Indian player in T20Is as he scored 126 runs in 63 balls. The inning included 7 sixes and 12 fours.

Opting to bat first, India were jolted by the loss of Ishan Kishan. However, Rahul Tripathi and Shubman Gill stabilised the innings as the duo stitched 80 runs for the second wicket. Tripathi got out on 44 but Gill continued his onslaught and got support from Suryakumar Yadav and Hardik Pandya. Suryakumar made 24 off 13 balls, while Pandya made 30 in 17 deliveries. For New Zealand, there was not much respite for the bowlers. Lockie Ferguson and Blair Tickner gave 50 runs each as the Indians enjoyed the outing. 

Also, honoring the U-19 Women's Team that won the U-19 Women's T20 World Cup, BCCI on Wednesday held a felicitation ceremony at the venue ahead of the match. The ceremony was attended by legendary player Sachin Tendulkar and BCCI secretary Jay Shah, president Roger Binny, vice-president Rajeev Shukla and treasurer Ashish Shelar. Meanwhile, Sachin Tendulkar also shared special message for the women's team.

India's Playing XI:

Shubman Gill, Ishan Kishan (wk), Rahul Tripathi, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya (c), Deepak Hooda, Washington Sundar, Shivam Mavi, Kuldeep Yadav, Umran Malik, Arshdeep Singh

New Zealand Playing XI:
Finn Allen, Devon Conway (wk), Mark Chapman, Glenn Phillips, Daryl Mitchell, Michael Bracewell, Mitchell Santner (c), Ish Sodhi, Lockie Ferguson, Ben Lister, Blair Tickner

Advertisement
Read all the Breaking News Live on indiatvnews.com and Get Latest English News & Updates from Sports and Cricket Section
IND VS NZ 2023
SHUBMAN GILL
Follow IndiaTV on WhatsApp
Advertisement

TOP NEWS

'Deepfakes, digital arrest are biggest challenges in today's world,' says India TV's Rajat Sharma

Jahnvi Kapoor visits iconic Tirumala Temple, seeks blessings with Shikhar Pahariya | Watch video

Jasprit Bumrah shatters Indian legend's 47-year-old record during first innings of Sydney Test

Advertisement
Advertisement

LATEST NEWS

Jahnvi Kapoor visits iconic Tirumala Temple, seeks blessings with Shikhar Pahariya | Watch video

Myanmar marks 77th Independence Day with release of 6,000 prisoners and sentence reductions

BJP releases first list of candidates for Delhi elections, fields Kailash Gahlot from this seat

CISF jawan kills self with service weapon at Surat International airport

Advertisement
India TV :
Contact UsAbout UsAdvertiseComplaint RedressalIn the PressInvestors Column
Popular Categories :
Live TVWorldPhotosVideosIndiaSportsBollywoodBusiness

© 2009-2025 Independent News Service. All rights reserved.  

Site Map|Legal disclaimer|Privacy Policy|CSR Policy|RIO|Complaint Redressal | Rss
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.indiatvnews.com/sports/cricket/ind-vs-nz-3rd-t20i-shubman-gill-sets-ahmedabad-on-fire-smashes-maiden-ton-in-t20is-hardik-pandya-india-vs-new-zealand-3rd-t20i-2023-02-01-844039 
 ----- 
