English
TIPS
BORDER–GAVASKAR TROPHY
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / India vs New Zealand 3rd T20I: Who will win T20 match between India and New Zealand?

India vs New Zealand 3rd T20I: Who will win T20 match between India and New Zealand?
The series is currently levelled at 1-1.

SPORTSTIGER STAFF
Author

Updated - 30 Jan 2023 10:36 PM
Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details: 

Date: February 1, 2023 

Time: 7:00 PM IST 

Venue: Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad

Ball-by-ball commentary: SportsTiger App 

Preview: 

After a thrilling low-scoring encounter in Lucknow, India and New Zealand will lock horns in the series decider. The series is evenly poised at 1-1 and both teams will look to bag the series in a convincing fashion. While New Zealand was the better side in the 1st T20I, Team India just marginally outclassed the visitors in the 2nd T20I.

Follow India vs New Zealand live scores and updates on SportTiger app


Pitch Report:

The Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad has produced some spin-friendly pitches in red ball cricket. However, we can expect a flat deck for the T20Is and batters will enjoy playing their shots here. The team winning the toss will look to chase on this pitch. 

Analysis:

India

Hardik Pandya’s Indian team registered a thrilling win in the 2nd T20I to level the series. After bundling out New Zealand for 99, Team India had to sweat hard to chase down the target. In the end, Suryakumar Yadav and Hardik Pandya made sure India finish the game without any slip-ups. While the win helped India to keep the series alive, there are still concerns for India. The top order has struggled so far in the series. Shubman Gill, Ishan Kishan, and Rahul Tripathi haven't contributed much with the bat which has put extra pressure on the middle order. Skipper Hardik Pandya is likely to include Prithvi Shaw in the XI for a better start at the top. 

SportsTiger Playing XI of India:

Ishan Kishan (wk), Prithvi Shaw, Shubman Gill, Suryakumar Yadav, Hardik Pandya (c), Deepak Hooda, Washington Sundar, Shivam Mavi, Kuldeep Yadav, Yuzvendra Chahal/Umran Malik, Arshdeep Singh 

New Zealand

Despite getting bowled out for just 99, New Zealand bowlers made Team India struggle to get to 100. Spinners played a key role in taking the game to the end but the side need some effort from the batting line-up. Dewon Conway and Daryl Mitchell have been good for the team but the rest of the line-up hasn't stood up so far.  

SportsTiger Playing XI of New Zealand:

Finn Allen, Devon Conway (wk), Mark Chapman, Daryl Mitchell, Glenn Phillips, Mitchell Santner (c), Michael Bracewell, Jacob Duffy, Ish Sodhi, Lockie Ferguson, Blair Tickner 

Match Prediction:

Conclusion:

Toss could prove to be a crucial factor in determining the winner. However, going by Team India's record at home, they are likely to win the game and series.

Download SportsTiger app to follow all the latest sports news and updates


Disclaimer: The fantasy tips and facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

LATEST NEWS

04 January 2025

Australian head coach accuses Team India of “intimidating” Sam Konstas in Sydney Test

04 January 2025

Boycott the damn cricket team: 59-time Grand Slam winner Martina Navratilova demands for ban on Afghanistan team over Taliban rule

04 January 2025

Let them earn it: Rohit Sharma shares his thoughts on potential future Test captain of India

04 January 2025

He is a leader, he has to improve: Ruben Amorim sends stern warning to Harry Maguire as Man United extends his contract

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/new-zealand-tour-of-india-2023-india-vs-new-zealand-3rd-t20i-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-india-and-new-zealand-ind-vs-nz-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
