Menu
Notices
Opens in new window
Place a Notice
Opens in new window
Today’s Paper
Opens in new window
Subscriptions
Podcasts
Jobs
Opens in new window
Sign Up
Log In
Home
News
Opinion
GAA
Business
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Puzzles
Soccer
Conor Bradley stars as Northern Ireland see off Luxembourg in Nations League
Uefa Nations League C, Group 3: Northern Ireland 2-0 Luxembourg
Expand
Northern Ireland's Conor Bradley drifts past Luxembourg's Lars Gerson. Photo by David Maginnis/Pacemaker Press (David Maginnis/David Maginnis/Pacemaker Press)
By Kenny Archer
September 05, 2024 at 9:45pm BST

MICHAEL O’Neill is seeking a new captain after the retirements of Steven Davis and Jonny Evans – but there’s no doubt about the star in his new-look team.

Liverpool’s Conor Bradley was a driving force for Northern Ireland in a dominant first half display which made light of the difficulties which Luxembourg had caused them in six previous meetings.

Their long-serving boss Luc Holtz had even recorded a 3-2 win over O’Neill and NI 11 years ago, having earlier drawn in Belfast, but there was no danger of dropped points as Bradley inspired the hosts to take control of this tie.

Only 10 places separate these sides in the Fifa World Rankings, 74th to 84th, but Northern Ireland were much the superior side on the night.

Ulster v Connacht: Match details, kick-off time and how to watch as the Ulstermen take on inter-pro rivals
Vitor Pereira encourages Wolves’ attacking instincts against Postecoglou’s Spurs

The two goals came with just over a quarter of an hour played, from two of the three centre-backs, Paddy McNair and Daniel Ballard, with the other, Ciaron Brown, playing a part in the first.

Credit to O’Neill, who sent out an attacking line-up, with Bradley and trial captain Trai Hume as wing-backs, effectively making for a 3-4-3 in possession – which was often in the opening quarter.

Although they had displayed defensive solidity in their Euro 2024 qualifying group – apart from two thrashings by Portugal – Luxembourg simply could not cope with Bradley in particular.

Like the first choice at his club, Trent Alexander-Arnold, Bradley loves delivering searching long diagonal passes and also getting forward, and neither of the two experienced opponents on his flank, Erik Veiga and Dirk Carlson, could contain him.

The 21-year-old was being fouled so often the referee only gave some of them. On other occasions his pace and movement took him away from trouble, with a lovely back-flick teeing up a 1-2 with Isaac Price, but the corner earned came to nothing.

Bradley also does his defensive duties, though, including rising above Benfica’s Leandro Barreiro to power away a defensive header, leaving his opponent in a heap on the ground.

It wasn’t entirely a one-man show, of course. The front three of Price, Dion Charles, and teenager Callum Marshall looked lively from kick-off, with the last-named having an effort on goal after just a minute from a corner, albeit it was easily saved.

Charles then ‘topped’ a shot which bounced over the bar when a free kick from George Saville wasn’t cleared – but Luxembourg did not survive the next dead ball delivery.

The problem was posed by Brown’s long throw, which was knocked backwards, and McNair neatly controlled the loose ball before deftly poking his shot low inside the far post.

Five minutes later the lead was doubled, with a similar finish, this time from another Saville set piece. Delivered low towards the six yard box, the ball was turned inside the front post with the confidence of a striker by centre back Ballard.

Northern Ireland captain Trai Hume volleys just over against Luxembourg. Photo by David Maginnis/Pacemaker Press (David Maginnis/David Maginnis/Pacemaker Press)

Close to half-time Hume could have marked his captaincy with a goal, but his curling shot from outside the area clipped the outside of the right post.

The two home wing-backs combined early in the second period, Bradley’s run and Hume’s pass setting up Price for a volley not too far wide, then Hume himself came close with an effort from distance.

The two-goal lead meant O’Neill could make early changes, with Josh Magennis becoming only the 12th player to earn 80 or more caps for Northern Ireland when he replaced Dion Charles at half-time.

The introduction of Jamal Lewis, fresh from his move to Brazilian club Sao Paulo, meant a re-shuffle, with Hume switching over to right wing-back and Bradley pushing even further forward.

Although he then shipped a heavy knock, Bradley stayed on, and might have continued his international goalscoring form when he ran onto a fine through ball from Ballard, but sent his low shot wide of the far post.

Despite plenty of effort, and some decent passages of play, Luxembourg didn’t look seriously threatening, until home goalkeeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell raced out of his goal and collided with McNair, gifting the ball to Mathias Olesen – but he volleyed wide of the open goal.

Bradley linked up dangerously a couple of times with Rangers winger Ross McCausland, then saw a shot blocked inside the area, but the goal his performance deserved would not come.

Nor would the third goal for anyone in green, with McCausland denied by a fine save after cutting in from the left in added time, and again when he ghosted in on the same side from the subsequent corner.

However, Michael O’Neill’s team head with confidence into their next match, away to Bulgaria, who opened their campaign with a goalless draw against Belarus.

With a fit and flying Conor Bradley in their ranks, Northern Ireland may begin to enjoy the Nations League at long last.

Northern Ireland: Peacock-Farrell; Bradley, Ballard (Smyth, 82), McNair Brown, Hume (capt.); S Charles (McCann, 82), Saville; Price (McCausland, 74), D Charles (Magennis, h-t), Marshall (Lewis, 57).

Luxembourg: Moris; Jans (capt.), Mahmutovic (Pinto, h-t), Gerson, Carlson; Bohnert (Dzogovic, 73), Martins, Barreiro, Veiga (Andrade Brites, 73); Olesen (Thill, 84), Rodrigues (Muratovic, 84).

Referee: Marian Barbu (Romania)

Attendance: 17,213.

Best walks around Northern Ireland to work off your Christmas dinner
DUP moves to pull post-Brexit ‘Stormont Brake’ for first time
Republic’s new government should begin planning for united Ireland, says Colum Eastwood
Thomas Tuchel to sound out Gareth Southgate before World Cup qualifiers
England draw Serbia, Albania, Latvia and Andorra in 2026 World Cup qualifying
Almost 300 fixed penalty notices issued during Road Safety Week
Most read

1

Top Orangeman asks if Queen Elizabeth’s reported ‘silly marching business’ remark was actually about nationalist protesters

2

Two dead and four hospitalised, including baby, in ‘heartbreaking’ Co Armagh crash

3

Co Down man (71) arrested after body of escort found in hotel room in Thailand

4

Queen Elizabeth critical of Orange Order marching season, state papers reveal

5

Family of teen with autism left ‘deeply distressed’ after Lisburn shop incident
Top stories

1

Two dead and four hospitalised, including baby, in ‘heartbreaking’ Co Armagh crash

2

Family of teen with autism left ‘deeply distressed’ after Lisburn shop incident

3

Top Orangeman asks if Queen Elizabeth’s reported ‘silly marching business’ remark was actually about nationalist protesters

4

Newtownards murder victim named as Mark Dorrian

5

Man questioned over metal grate attack released on bail
Facebook page
Twitter feed
RSS feed

@2024 The Irish News Ltd

Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Contributor T&C’s
News
Opinion
GAA
Sport
Life
Entertainment
Newsletters
Send us your story
Careers
Opens in new window
Advertise
Opens in new window
Contact us
Help / FAQ
About us
Digital subscriptions
Corporate subscriptions
Workplace and Employment Awards
Opens in new window
The Irish News Ulster GAA All Stars
Opens in new window
Young News Readers
Opens in new window
Home Delivery
Opens in new window
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Use precise geolocation data. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Reject All I Accept
Manage Cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishnews.com/sport/soccer/conor-bradley-stars-as-northern-ireland-see-off-luxembourg-in-nations-league-4AVLJKUJ2NFG3HNGUOBTNYD5IE/ 
 ----- 
