THE IRISH FA
NEWS
SHOP
STADIUM
STRATEGY
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER*
International 
Domestic 
Foundation 
TICKETS
B
Fixtures and results
E
Squads
Northern Ireland Senior Men
Northern Ireland Under 21
Northern Ireland Under 19 Men
Northern Ireland Under 17 Men
Northern Ireland Senior Women
Northern Ireland Under 19 Women
Northern Ireland Under 17 Women
D
GAWA Zone
Supporters' clubs
Fan Experience
REWIND: Watch classic Northern Ireland matches
Northern Ireland Hall of Fame
GAWA Shop
J
JD National Academy
About JD National Academy
B
Fixtures & Results
A
Cup competitions
Clearer Water Irish Cup
Women's Challenge Cup
McComb's Coach Travel Intermediate Cup
fonaCAB Craig Stanfield Junior Cup
Harry Cavan Youth Cup
M
Leagues
NIFL Premiership
NIFL Women’s Premiership
NIFL Championship
NIFL Premier Intermediate League
Northern Ireland Women's Football Association
Northern Amateur Football League
Player Registration Forms
G
Grassroots and Youth Football
Irish FA Football Camps
McDonald's Programmes
Girls' and women's football
Safeguarding
Delivering Let Them Play
Schools Programmes
NI Boys' Football Association
NI Schools' Football Association
Howdens Game Changer Programme
Youth Football Review
Football Community Hubs
K
Disability Football
Coaching
Disability Strategy Booklet
Deaf football
George Best Community Cup
C
Community & Volunteering
Stadium Community Benefits Initiative
How to volunteer
People & Clubs
Stay Onside
Ahead of the Game
Walking Football
Department for Communities
Young Leaders Programme
Fresh Start Through Sport Programme
N
Futsal
Grassroots Futsal Development
Domestic Futsal Competitions
Futsal Coach Education
Futsal Referee Education
International Futsal
Home
International teams
Domestic
Irish FA Foundation
The Irish FA
News
Events
Shop
H TICKETS
Subscribe
Newsletter
Irish FA five-year strategy
Find A Club
Football NI app
Esports
FOTM
IrishCupFinal
Women’s Euro
Thursday 05 Sep 2024
Northern Ireland begin Nations League campaign with a win
 Home
 News
Northern Ireland begin Nations League campaign with a win
Michael O’Neill was looking for a solid start to Northern Ireland’s fourth UEFA Nations League campaign – and he got one.

Northern Ireland defeated top seeds Luxembourg in League C Group 3 in front of 17,213 fans at the National Football Stadium at Windsor Park tonight.

First half goals from defenders Paddy McNair and Daniel Ballard secured a comfortable 2-0 victory.

The home side attacked from the start. Midfielder Shea Charles delivered a corner which striker Callum Marshall headed straight at Luxembourg keeper Anthony Moris.

Then Dion Charles got on the end of a clearance just outside the six-yard box but the forward shot into the ground and the ball bounced over the bar.

Michael O’Neill’s side opened the scoring on 11 minutes. Defender Ciaron Brown’s long throw put the Luxembourg defence under pressure. The clearance fell to Paddy McNair and he made no mistake, guiding the ball home from 10 yards with the outside of his foot. It was a composed finish.

In the 17th minute it was 2-0 to Northern Ireland. Midfielder Conor Bradley was hauled down as he approached the penalty area down the right flank. Fellow midfielder George Saville fired the free-kick towards the near post where Daniel Ballard was on hand to clip the ball into the net.

Luxembourg created very little going forward in the opening half-hour, however Brown had to dive full length to head a dangerous cross away on 35 minutes.

Marshall produced a fine piece of skill to skip past his marker down the left flank, but his cross drifted out.

As half-time approached Northern Ireland captain Trai Hume, donning the armband for the first time, curled an effort just inches past the post.

Luxembourg’s best chance of the half came when McNair and Ballard failed to deal with a long ball and Leandro Barreiro nipped in, however his shot flew over the top.

Right at the start of the second half Bradley, who was full of running throughout, sped forward and fed Hume. The defender’s lofted cross to the back post was met by Price, who dragged this shot wide of the target. Not long after Hume scooped a shot wide of the target.

Luxembourg began to enjoy more possession without creating opportunities.

On 66 minutes Bradley sprung the offside trap and bore down on goal, however his low shot went wide of the post.

Four minutes later goalkeeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell clawed out a flicked header from Luxembourg striker Gelson Rodrigues, who was rarely given a sight of goal by Ballard and McNair.

Saville whipped another free-kick towards the near post where it appeared to hit Ballard’s shoulder and dropped past the post.

A mix-up between Peacock-Farrell and McNair saw the ball fall to Michael Olesen outside the area, however he could not capitalise. His long range shot drifted wide.

In the closing stages Northern Ireland substitute Ross McCausland had a couple of efforts, forcing saves out of Moris.

Next up for Northern Ireland is a game against C3 second seeds Bulgaria in Plovdiv on Sunday (5pm BST). They drew 0-0 tonight with fourth seeds Belarus. That game was played in Zalaegerszeg in Hungary.

Northern Ireland: Bailey Peacock-Farrell, Conor Bradley, Trai Hume (captain), Daniel Ballard, Paddy McNair, Ciaron Brown, George Saville, Shea Charles, Dion Charles, Callum Marshall, Isaac Price.

Substitutes: (used) Josh Magennis, Jamal Lewis, Ross McCausland, Ali McCann, Paul Smyth; (unused) Luke Southwood (GK), Josh Clarke (GK), Shayne Lavery, Corry Evans, Brad Lyons, Carl Johnston, Ethan Galbraith.

Luxembourg: Anthony Moris, Enes Mahmutovic, Lars Gerson, Dirk Carlson, Florian Bohnhert, Laurent Jans (captain), Leandro Barreiro, Christopher Martins, Mathias Olesen, Gerson Rodrigues, Eric Veiga.

Substitutes: (used) Michael Pinto, Eldin Dzogovic, Christophe Andrade Brites, Sebastien Thill, Edvin Muratovic; (unused) Ralph Schon (GK), Tiago Pereira (GK), Sofiane Ikene, Kevin D’Anzico, Jayson Videira, Timothe Rupil, Fabio Lohei.

Action from UNL opener
Related Articles
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
Vote for the Northern Ireland Senior Women’s Goal of the Year 2024
19 December 2024
2024 review: men’s and women’s U19s and U17s
18 December 2024
Related News
READ MORE INTERNATIONAL NEWS NEWS
Vote for the Northern Ireland Men's Goal of the Year 2024
26 December 2024
NI Player Watch | Marshall nets a double
23 December 2024
2024 review: Northern Ireland Under-21s
22 December 2024
2024 review: the U19 Euros
20 December 2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INTERNATIONAL
Fixtures & Results
Tournaments
Squads
Match Day Information
GAWA Zone
Club Zone
FOUNDATION
Grassroots And Youth Football
Disability Football
Community & Volunteering
Futsal
DOMESTIC
Fixture & Results
Cup Competitions
Leagues
ADDITIONAL LINKS
The Irish FA
News
Shop
GAWA Official

Make it official! Find out more

TICKETS
© Irish Football Association 2024
Site Map
Terms of use
Privacy

This website uses cookies. Please click Accept and Close to accept the use of cookies on our website. By continuing to browse our website you consent to the use of cookies on this website.

ACCEPT AND CLOSE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.irishfa.com/news/2024/september/northern-ireland-begin-nations-league-campaign-with-a-win 
 ----- 
