BBC Homepage
Skip to content
Accessibility Help
Sign in
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
More menu
Search BBC
BBC Sport
Home
Football
Cricket
Formula 1
Rugby U
Tennis
Golf
Athletics
Cycling
More
Northern Ireland
Men's Scores & Fixtures
Women's Scores & Fixtures
Men's Table
Women's Table
Irish Football
UEFA Nations League Northern Ireland 2 Luxembourg 0 Full time
Match Summary
Thu 5 Sep 2024
‧
UEFA Nations League - 
League C - 
Group 3
Northern Ireland 2 , Luxembourg 0 at Full time
N. Ireland
Northern Ireland
2
0
Luxembourg
Luxembourg
Full time
FT
Half Time Northern Ireland 2 , Luxembourg 0
HT 2-0
Key Events
Northern Ireland
P. McNair (11')
Goal 11 minutes
D. Ballard (16')
Goal 16 minutes
Luxembourg
Assists
Northern Ireland,
G. Saville (16')
Venue:
Windsor Park
Attendance:
17,213
Live Reporting
Report
(active)
Scores
Tables
Line-ups
Match Stats
Head-to-head
IMAGE SOURCE,
PRESS EYE
Image caption,

After scoring against Spain in June, Dan Ballard netted Northern Ireland's second goal against Luxembourg

Andy Gray
BBC Sport NI Journalist at Windsor Park

Northern Ireland opened their Nations League campaign with a comfortable 2-0 victory over Luxembourg at Windsor Park in Group C3.

Paddy McNair gave Northern Ireland the lead in the 11th minute when he poked home from a corner.

Dan Ballard doubled the advantage five minutes later when the defender flicked home George Saville's low free-kick.

Northern Ireland could not add to their tally in the second half but were rarely troubled by the visitors.

The victory is Michael O'Neill's first in the Nations League, and only Northern Ireland's second win in 17 matches in the competition.

It is also a fourth win in six matches as O'Neill's youthful squad continue to develop in his second stint as manager.

Nations League - Ballard doubles Northern Ireland's lead over Luxembourg

Nations League: Poland net stoppage-time penalty to defeat Scotland

In a first home fixture since November's win over Denmark, O'Neill's side continued their good recent form in front of a packed Windsor Park.

Led out by 22-year-old Sunderland defender Trai Hume, who was captaining his country for the first time after the international retirement of Jonny Evans, the hosts made a bright start as the sun set in a crisp and cool Belfast.

Forwards Callum Marshall and Dion Charles spurned half chances, both of which came from set plays, before McNair finally punished Luxembourg for failing to deal with deliveries into the box.

Ciaron Brown launched a long throw into the area, which the visitors failed to clear and McNair kept his cool to take a touch and poke the ball into the bottom corner.

A good start swiftly became a great one when Sunderland defender Ballard made it two in the 17th minute after Conor Bradley was fouled just outside the penalty area.

Just like he did against Spain in June, Ballard got himself on the scoresheet from a free-kick when he got in front of his marker to flick home Saville's low free-kick.

After a lull in the action, Bradley almost grabbed a superb solo goal at the end of the half but Christopher Martins put in a strong clearance to deny the Liverpool defender.

Captain Hume went even closer when Luxembourg only cleared to the edge of the area and the Sunderland man curled an effort off the outside of the post.

Luxembourg's only meaningful attack came in additional time when Leandro Barreiro poked over the bar as he raced on to a long ball.

IMAGE SOURCE,
PRESS EYE
Image caption,

Paddy McNair opened the scoring with a neat finish for his first international goal in two years

Northern Ireland almost made a blistering start to the second half as Bradley and Hume linked up, and the latter's ball found Isaac Price in space in the area but he could only fire wide.

Hume then went close as he volleyed wide from the edge of the area before the game sank into a procession once more.

Bradley had a glorious chance to add a third but he sent his effort wide after charging clear on goal.

Saville and Ballard almost repeated their link-up for the first-half goal when the midfielder's free-kick was headed narrowly wide by the latter.

A defensive mix-up between goalkeeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell and McNair almost allowed Mathias Olesen a clear attempt on goal, and, in injury-time, substitute Ross McCausland was twice superbly denied by goalkeeper Anthony Moris.

Aside from the brief confusion in defence, Northern Ireland were able to see the game out untroubled to get their Nations League campaign off to a perfect start with three points and a clean sheet.

Northern Ireland travel to Bulgaria on Sunday in a bid to continue their strong start.

Bulgaria, who had Filip Krastev sent off in the second half, were held to a goalless draw away to Belarus.

Related topics
Northern Ireland Men's Football Team
Northern Ireland Sport
Football
Irish Football
View comments | 140
Home
News
Sport
Business
Innovation
Culture
Travel
Earth
Video
Live
Terms of Use
About the BBC
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility Help
Parental Guidance
Contact the BBC
Get Personalised Newsletters
Why you can trust the BBC
Advertise with us
Do not share or sell my info

© 2024 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bbc.com/sport/football/live/c7v59d16qz4t 
 ----- 
