Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
MLB
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Playoffs
Winners
Pittsburgh Pirates
Roberto Clemente Day: Why is Roberto Clemente celebrated and who will receive the Roberto Clemente Award?

The New York Yankees will visit the Pittsburgh Pirates in the annual game honoring the Puerto Rican baseball player

Roberto ClementeLaPresse
LW
ADAPTED BY SAM
13/09/2023 - 14:01 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
MLB. Former MLB star Alex Rodriguez reviews his keys to success in business
MLB. Who is Daisy Perez? A look at Julio Urias' partner

Describing the influence of Latin American baseball in the MLB wouldn't be possible without talking about the legacy left by Puerto Rican Roberto Clemente during his 18 successful seasons with the Pittsburgh Pirates.

Clemente was a talented outfielder who only played for the Pirates, and who died in a tragic plane crash 50 years ago.

He is remembered for his elegance and power on the field, but also for his humanitarian work, which led the MLB to establish the Roberto Clemente Award in 2002, which honors players who carry out great humanitarian efforts, along with sportsmanship and kindness.

Clemente's exploits are remembered in the Major Leagues and recognized throughout Latin sports in the United States. The date chosen to commemorate his legacy on and off the diamond is September 15.

All MLB teams pay tribute to him by wearing the number 21 that the Puerto Rican wore, and that the Pirates retired a few weeks after his death.

The Commissioner of the Major Leagues at the time, Bowie Kuhn, approved the immediate entry of Roberto Clemente into the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, becoming the first Latino player to enter the hall of the immortals.

Who will receive the Roberto Clemente Award this year?

On Friday, September 15, the Pittsburgh Pirates will host the New York Yankees at PNC Park to commemorate Roberto Clemente Day.

The MLB announced last Friday that Aaron Judge was selected as the Yankees' nominee for the Roberto Clemente Award, given each year to a player who best represents the values of baseball, "for his character, community involvement, philanthropy and positive contributions, both on and off the field."

"As a player, Roberto Clemente had 3,000 hits, he hit home runs, he was a great defender and a complete player. He's someone I try to model my game after," said Judge in a statement published by the MLB.

"Then, off the field, he had a lot of compassion and care for each individual. It doesn't matter the era.

"You could be the youngest fan, an older fan or even someone who wasn't a baseball fan, he took the time out of his day to make you feel special.

What was the cause of Roberto Clemente's death?

Clemente was born on August 18, 1934 in Carolina, Puerto Rico and tragically passed away while trying to do what he knew best, helping others.

On December 23, 1972, a strong earthquake devastated Managua, the capital of Nicaragua, and the Pirates right fielder decided to take a flight to bring aid to the victims after learning that his country's military was poorly managing the donations that were being made.

MORE in MARCA
Prince Harry...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

On the night of December 31, Clemente boarded a DC-7 plane from San Juan, the capital of Puerto Rico, but a few moments after leaving the island, the plane crashed at 9:23 pm local time, killing all its occupants.

The body of the Puerto Rican baseball player was never be recovered.

Pittsburgh Pirates - English
MLB - English
MLBFormer MLB star Alex Rodriguez reviews his keys to success in business
Los Angeles DodgersJulio Urias: Shocking details about the incident and alleged assault on his partner revealed
CelebritiesAnthony Edwards and his question to Alex Rodriguez: How did he ruin his relationship with Jennifer Lopez?
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Harry and Meghan Markle, threaten...
Marca
Writing in English Doesn't Have to...
Grammarly
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
De Nissan Qashqai aan een onversla...
Nissan Qashqai
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/mlb/pittsburgh-pirates/2023/09/13/650203dde2704ecd7d8b45e4.html 
 ----- 
