Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
NEWS
Joey Votto receives standing ovation in potential Cincinnati Reds final home game (video)
Updated: Sep. 25, 2023, 10:43 a.m.|Published: Sep. 25, 2023, 10:30 a.m.

Cincinnati Reds' Joey Votto acknowledges the crowd at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati as he stands at home plate during the second inning of a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates in Cincinnati, Sunday, Sept. 24, 2023. (AP Photo/Aaron Doster)AP

By Zach Mentz, cleveland.com

CINCINNATI -- As another baseball season has come and nearly gone, so, too, might have Joey Votto’s career as a Cincinnati Reds legend.

The longtime Reds star turned 40 years old earlier this month, and on Sunday may have played his final home game for the Reds at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati.

More flights cancellations expected at Atlanta airport due to winter storm

Votto is yet to announce his intentions to play beyond this season or not, but many believe the former MVP and six-time All-Star will retire after this season. What’s more, the Reds still have narrow a chance at making the postseason as they’re currently 2.5 games behind the Chicago Cubs in the National League Wild Card race with five games remaining in the season.

With no guarantees of tomorrow, though, Reds fans used Sunday’s game home against the Pittsburgh Pirates to thank Votto for his 17 years of service in a Reds uniform.

In the bottom of the second inning, Votto stepped to the plate and saw the crowd of 31,161 fans at GABP rise to its feet for a standing ovation. Votto stepped away from the plate to soak in the moment as fans chanted “JO-EY, JO-EY” to honor their clearly emotional longtime slugger.

Votto ended the minute-long ovation by motioning to the batter’s box, saying “I gotta go hit” while smiling at the crowd.

“It was my way of being playful,” Votto said after the game of his reaction to the fans’ ovation. “And I hope they took it that way because I could’ve soaked that in forever. It was an honor of all honors. I’m, again, humbled. Humbled.

“I very nearly cried,” Votto added. “I was so focused on competing that I wasn’t quite there emotionally, but because it took so long, I almost got there. It was a spectacular moment for me. It was as special as it gets.”

RELATED: ‘Never give up’: Pittsburgh Pirates player makes MLB debut after 13 years in minor leagues (video)

Votto struck out in his first at-bat Sunday, but finished the game one-for-three as the Reds beat the Pirates, 4-2.

Through 62 games this season, Votto is hitting .205 with 14 home runs and a .748 OPS.

RECOMMENDED•CLEVELAND.COM

Sip and savor: Wine, Cheese & Chocolate, Darling! tasting event scheduledJan. 10, 2025, 11:59 a.m.

We’ve got your winter warmers, Cleveland! Here are 17-plus things to-do this weekend!Jan. 9, 2025, 6:00 a.m.

For his career, Votto has played all 17 of his MLB seasons with the Reds after debuting for the team in 2007 at age 23. Through 2,053 career games with the Reds, Votto is hitting .295 with 356 home runs, a .921 OPS, and 1,362 walks, which is the most among all active MLB players and the most in Reds team history. He won the 2010 National League Most Valuable Player Award and has finished top-three in MVP voting on two other occasions (2015, 2017).

RELATED: Cincinnati Reds slugger who hasn’t played for team in 15 seasons is its fourth-highest paid player in 2023

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Advertise with us
About Cleveland.com
About Advance Ohio
Contact Us
Career Opportunities
Delivery Opportunities
Audience FAQ
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
cleveland.com
The Plain Dealer
Newsletters
Sun News
Already a Subscriber
Make a Payment
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Delivery Feedback
Cleveland.com Sections
News
Sports
Entertainment
Politics
Opinion
Living
Betting
Rentals
Obituaries
Jobs
Deals in Your Area
Classifieds
Autos
Real Estate
Mobile
Mobile Apps
Your Regional News Pages
Lakewood
Beachwood
Brunswick
Strongsville
Parma & Parma Heights
More Communities
More on Cleveland.com
Sponsor Content
Sell your car
Post a job
Sitemap & search
Post a classified ad
Sell/rent your home
Videos
Archives
Follow Us
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cleveland.com/news/2023/09/joey-votto-receives-standing-ovation-in-potential-cincinnati-reds-final-home-game-video.html 
 ----- 
