Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
NBA Fans Hit Pistons With Moral Victory After Loss vs Celtics
Do the Detroit Pistons deserve to collect a moral victory for Saturday's efforts against the Celtics?
Justin Grasso | Oct 27, 2024
Oct 26, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Boston Celtics guard Derrick White (9) controls the ball as forward Xavier Tillman (26) picks Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) during the second half at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: David Reginek-Imagn Images / David Reginek-Imagn Images
In this story:
Detroit Pistons
Boston Celtics

Just months after winning the 2024 NBA Finals, the Boston Celtics have proven a championship hangover isn’t in the cards for their 2024-2025 campaign.

The Detroit Pistons were the third team to find out on Saturday night.

Although most sportsbooks' point spreads in favor of Boston suggested a blowout was on the horizon, the Pistons once again proved they are no longer that same team that went 14-68 just a season ago.

Still, they remain searching for their first victory of the year.

Despite being down as many as 23 points through the first half, the Pistons never rolled over and threw in the towel on the second night of a back-to-back set. Coming out in the third quarter, the Pistons outscored the Celtics by ten points. They managed to climb within one point going into the fourth quarter.

In the fourth quarter, the Pistons and the Celtics went back and forth. The lead changed over a handful of times, with both teams leading by as many as six points at one point.

Just when the Pistons were within arm’s reach of a victory, they struggled to fully come away with the win. While they fell short with a 124-118 loss, NBA fans on social media issued Detroit a moral victory for their efforts against the defending champions.

Oct 26, 2024; Detroit, Michigan, USA; Boston Celtics guard Jaylen Brown (7) shoots the ball over Detroit Pistons guard Cade Cunningham (2) for two points during the second half at Little Caesars Arena. Mandatory Credit: David Reginek-Imagn Images / David Reginek-Imagn Images
NBA Fans React to Pistons vs Celtics

@DubsBetterrr: Everyone watching the Pistons almost beat the Celtics every year

Everyone watching the Pistons almost beat the Celtics every year pic.twitter.com/oNHKuEjk75

— japta (@DubsBetterrr) October 27, 2024

@00selm: celtics and pistons randomly these past 2 seasons

celtics and pistons randomly these past 2 seasons pic.twitter.com/4FnOqt80tv

— 😐 (@00selm) October 27, 2024

@StoolGreenie: Much respect to the Pistons for making Tatum actually have to play in the 4th for the first time this season

Much respect to the Pistons for making Tatum actually have to play in the 4th for the first time this season https://t.co/16qEXzUrUi

— Dan Greenberg (@StoolGreenie) October 27, 2024

@KeithSmithNBA: Pistons are 0-3, but they're right there. Vastly improved team from a year ago.

Pistons are 0-3, but they're right there. Vastly improved team from a year ago.

— Keith Smith (@KeithSmithNBA) October 27, 2024

@Three_Cone: Sucks that the Pistons are sitting at 0-3 because they have been worlds better than last season and have just barely fallen short against some good teams

Sucks that the Pistons are sitting at 0-3 because they have been worlds better than last season and have just barely fallen short against some good teams

— 𝑪𝒐𝒏𝒆 🌩 (@Three_Cone) October 27, 2024

The Pistons will get Sunday off before hitting the road for a Monday night matchup against the Miami Heat. After going winless through their first week of action, the Pistons hope they can start their next slate on the right foot.

Published Oct 27, 2024
JUSTIN GRASSO

Follow JGrasso_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/pistons/news/nba-fans-hit-pistons-with-moral-victory-after-loss-vs-celtics 
 ----- 
