NBA
Detroit Pistons
Pistons' J.B. Bickerstaff utilizing Celtics loss as stepping stone to growth

The Pistons erased a 23-point deficit and nearly pulled off an upset against the defending champs.

By 

Eric Vincent

Oct 27, 2024 at 10:48 AM ET

The Detroit Pistons battled for an opportunity to pick up their first regular-season win against the defending NBA champion Boston Celtics. After climbing back from a massive first-half deficit, the Pistons fumbled away a six-point lead in the closing minutes on the way to a 124-118 loss.

Saturday night's loss dropped Detroit to 0-3 in the regular season. Head coach J.B. Bickerstaff was encouraged by the effort of the young Pistons fighting through a big gap. He stated how late-game situational basketball was a process young teams need to go through in development.

“Yeah, you got to go through it. You're going up against a team that's done it at the highest level. So they understand all the little things,” Bickerstaff stated. “Jrue Holiday hit two big threes down the stretch that break your back a little bit. Obviously (Jayson) Tatum and (Jaylen) Brown with what they're capable of. You go through it, find the nuances in it, and understand the little things that matter and how we clean that up. I'll continue to be better to help them in trying to figure it out.”

Pistons can't finish off 23-point comeback
Mandatory Credit: Ken Blaze-Imagn Images

Boston opened up the first-half red hot from three, which gave Detroit a lot of problems early. The Pistons allowed the Celtics to knock down 16 out of 32 attempted triples through the first two quarters. Detroit had to scrap out of a 23-point first-half deficit and kept the game at a manageable gap at the end of two down 73-62.

The Pistons maintained their composure regardless of the early pressure by Boston. They even took the lead in the third quarter with just under three minutes left courtesy of a putback layup by center Isaiah Stewart. Detroit made crucial stops defensively to cool off the red-hot scoring by Boston. Bickerstaff applauded the resiliency during the comeback effort.

“I thought we did a really good job. Holding that team to 21 points in a quarter means you're doing some really good stuff. That's the character of this group we're trying to build,” Bickerstaff explained. “We're trying to build this thing off their grit and never-say-die mentality. I'm proud of the guys' effort. There's some things we can clean up in the game, but overall I thought the effort was great.”

Detroit built a six-point lead late in the fourth quarter with an opportunity to close the game out. Holiday got rid of the lead after two triples to tie the game. Tatum iced the lead for Boston with a layup, a pair of free throws, and a 17-foot stepback jumper.

Related Detroit Pistons News
Article continues below
Warriors’ Draymond Green breaks silence on heated moment with Pistons’ Ron Holland
3h
Pistons’ Cade Cunningham gets NBA All-Star support from Draymond Green
4h
The Brandon Ingram trade Pistons must consider to secure playoff berth
20h
4 biggest factors in Pistons winning record
1d

With the Pistons down three points, point guard Cade Cunningham had a chance to make the score a one-point game until he split two free throws. Forward Jaylen Brown hit two free throws to follow and put the game out of reach for Detroit.

Developing backcourt chemistry

One of the most encouraging signs of the Pistons' regular-season start has been the backcourt connection between Cunningham and Jaden Ivey. Ivey led the Pistons in scoring with 26 points on 10-of-18 shooting from the field. Cunningham nearly had a triple-double with 21 points, 10 assists, and six rebounds. Bickerstaff sounds like he has found a rhythm in the rotation by keeping at least one of the two starting guards on the floor at all times.

“I think it makes sense to try and keep one of them on the floor at all times,” Bickerstaff said in the postgame media session. “Against some teams, it might be different with who comes out first. I think we'll try and keep one of them on the floor as much as we can.”

The guards benefited from the help of their teammates as well. Veteran guard Malik Beasley scored 17 points off the bench and knocked down some clutch shots to keep the game close. Center Jalen Duren scored 15 points and had one of his best defensive games in protecting the rim for Detroit. Forward Simone Fontecchio produced his best game of the season off the bench adding 11 points.

The Pistons' next chance for their first win is Monday in Miami.

Eric Vincent is a credentialed beat reporter for ClutchPoints, covering the Detroit Pistons and NBA at-large. He has been active in Detroit sports journalism since 2011, with bylines at Bleacher Report, 1130 WDFN, and Detroit Sports Nation.

Subscribe
Follow Us
You may also like
Warriors vs. Pistons prediction, odds, pick – 1/9/2025
1 day ago
Pistons vs. Nets prediction, odds, pick – 1/8/2025
2 days ago
The Brandon Ingram trade Pistons must consider to secure playoff berth
18 hours ago
Ranking best CJ McCollum trade destinations if Pelicans blow it up
3 days ago
Ranking 3 best Bradley Beal trade destinations after Suns benching
3 days ago
Pistons sign G League standout with NBA pedigree to contract
4 days ago
Jalen Duren’s shocking J.B. Bickerstaff endorsement after 4th straight victory
3 days ago
Nets’ D’Angelo Russell remains sidelined by shin injury vs. Pistons
2 days ago
Is Nets’ Ben Simmons playing vs. Pistons? Latest injury update
2 days ago
Rip Hamilton gets real on 40-year old LeBron James with Lakers
5 days ago
Jimmy Butler trade grades for ESPN’s hypothetical 4-team deal involving Mavericks
6 days ago
4 biggest factors in Pistons winning record
1 day ago
Cade Cunningham
Jaden Ivey
JB Bickerstaff
Home
Terms of Service
About
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
DMCA Policy
Press
Ethics and Standards
Advertise
Team
Sitemap
FOLLOW US
Copyright © ClutchPoints.
×
Information from your device can be used to personalize your ad experience.

Do not sell or share my personal information.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://clutchpoints.com/pistons-news-jb-bickerstaff-celtics-loss-stepping-stone-growth 
 ----- 
