MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Aldama scores 22, Huff has career-high 18 as Grizzlies beat Magic 124-111 in home opener
Updated Oct. 26, 2024 10:45 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Santi Aldama scored 22 points, reserve center Jay Huff added a career-high 18 and the Memphis Grizzlies built a 26-point halftime team in a 124-111 victory over the Orlando Magic on Saturday night in their home opener.

Ja Morant added 16 points and 10 assists in his first regular-season home appearance since Jan. 3. Aldama was 9 of 12 from the field, while Huff made seven of his nine shots.

Franz Wagner scored 23 points for the Magic and Jalen Suggs added 21, both players grabbing seven rebounds apiece. Paolo Banchero finished with 16 points, but was 4 of 12 from the field, part of the Magic shooting 43% for the game.

Memphis held a comfortable lead through much of the game despite withstanding 21 straight points by Orlando in the third quarter.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link
Takeaways

Magic: Orlando had held opponents to an average of 99 points for the first two games, but turnovers and a solid shooting night from Memphis meant a different result.

Grizzlies: Memphis continued to struggle in the third quarter. What looked like a comfortable lead turned into a much closer game with the Grizzlies allowing Orlando to capture the third 35-21, including 21 straight points. The Memphis lead was big enough to withstand the Magic rally.

Key moment:

Memphis rattled off 12 straight points for a 69-43 lead at the break fueled by 14 first-half turnovers by Orlando, leading to 21 Memphis points.

Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You In 2025
Enter your ZIP code on this website and share a couple of details about the current state of your roof.
HomeBuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
What’s my car worth? Take a look here (you might be surprised)
find out the value in a few clicks of cars and motorcycles
Cars Value|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Key stat:

Orlando had 19 turnovers in the game, leading to 30 Memphis points.

Up next

Orlando entertains Indiana on Monday before a five-game road trip. Memphis hosts Brooklyn on Monday night.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Santi Aldama
Memphis Grizzlies
National Basketball Association
Jalen Suggs
Franz Wagner
Jay Huff
Santi Aldama
Orlando Magic
Memphis Grizzlies
NBA - Orlando Magic vs. Memphis Grizzlies - 10/27/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/aldama-scores-22-huff-has-careerhigh-18-as-grizzlies-beat-magic-124111-in-home-opener 
 ----- 
