Skip to content
Subscribe Now
62°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

Today's e-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
California News
National News
World News
Politics
Education
Environment
Science
Health
Mr. Roadshow
Transportation
Weather
Local
Local News Map
Bay Area
San Jose
Santa Clara County
Peninsula
San Mateo County
Alameda County
Santa Cruz County
Sal Pizarro
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Opinion Columnists
Letters to the Editor
Commentary
Cartoons
Election Endorsements
Sports
Sports
San Francisco 49ers
San Francisco Giants
Golden State Warriors
Raiders
Oakland Athletics
San Jose Sharks
San Jose Earthquakes
Bay FC
College Sports
Wilner Hotline
High School Sports
Other Sports
Sports Columnists
Sports Blogs
Golden State Valkyries
Things To Do
Entertainment
Things To Do
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Celebrities
TV Streaming
Movies
Music
Theater
Lifestyle
Cannabis
Advice
Travel
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles and Games
Horoscopes
Event Calendar
Business
Business
Housing
Economy
Technology
Best Reviews
SiliconValley.com
Real Estate
Marketplace
Marketplace
Partner Content
BayArea.com
Subscribe
Advertise
Log in
Close Menu

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Get Morning Report and other email newsletters

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS “Extreme fire behavior” expected in Los Angeles as fires rage
SPORTSMLBSAN FRANCISCO GIANTSNews
SF Giants keep hopes of .500 finish alive with 6-5 win over Cardinals
The Giants can avoid a fourth losing record in six seasons under Farhan Zaidi with a win in Sunday’s finale
San Francisco Giants’ Matt Chapman, right, is congratulated by Tyler Fitzgerald after scoring on a single by Patrick Bailey (49) during the fourth inning of a baseball game against the St. Louis Cardinals in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (AP Photo/Jed Jacobsohn)
By EVAN WEBECK | ewebeck@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group
UPDATED: September 28, 2024 at 4:50 PM PST

SAN FRANCISCO — It might not matter for postseason seeding, with both teams already eliminated, but don’t tell any of the 36,328 fans who assembled on the shores of McCovey Cove under beautiful blue skies Saturday afternoon for the second-to-last time this season.

The crowd, which pushed the Giants’ season total over 2.6 million, stood on their feet as Tyler Rogers navigated a bases-loaded jam in the seventh inning and roared when he got Cardinals shortstop Masyn Winn to fly out to end the threat, keeping the ballgame tied at 5.

The highwire acts of Rogers and Ryan Walker, who stranded runners at second and third the next inning, set up a 6-5 win that kept the Giants’ hopes of a .500 finish alive heading into the final day of the season. A win Sunday would prevent a fourth losing record in Farhan Zaidi’s six seasons as president of baseball operations.

“Here at home, in front of a full house, those are important games to play good baseball,” manager Bob Melvin said. “The fans have supported us all year. Here we are in the position we’re in and we’re (almost) sold out last night and today. It’s a great atmosphere here in this ballpark. Day games are electric here.”

After St. Louis plated three to tie the game in the seventh, Tyler Fitzgerald scored the decisive run in the bottom of the eighth when Brett Wisely laid down a successful bunt. The Cardinals’ pitcher airmailed the throw into right field, and Fitzgerald raced home all the way from first base.

“He was trying to drop a bunt down and get on base,” Melvin said. “We keep trying to preach that if you put the ball in play, something good can happen. If you don’t strike out, put a ball in play, something good can happen. That’s going to have to be a theme for us next year, to cut down on strikeouts.”

Here are three takeaways from Game No. 161:

A long road Beck

Blake Snell was set to make his final start of the season Saturday, but when he informed the Giants that he instead planned to sit out, it gave them an opportunity to provide another one of their players with a full circle moment. At the start of spring training, Tristan Beck expected to figure prominently in the Giants’ rotation picture, but he only made his first start of the season with two games left, after Snell was scratched.

Beck’s year was altered when doctors discovered an aneurysm in his right shoulder that he eventually had surgically removed. He underwent the procedure March 3, endured months of rehab and made six appearances out of the bullpen before being given his first start — the fourth of his career.

“It was a nice little cherry on top to what was a long year,” Beck said after limiting St. Louis to one run over four innings on four hits, two walks and three strikeouts. “As the year went on, it became evident that starting might not be in the cards, so in a year where coming into it looked like I might have a shot to start some games, it was nice that I kind of got that opportunity.”

Beck walked the Cardinals’ first batter of the game and allowed him to score, but that was the only damage on his pitching line when he left the game holding a 4-1 lead. The run was the first Beck has allowed in five appearances, dating back to September 10, and only his third total since being activated from the injured list on September 3.

The 28-year-old right-hander finished a difficult year off the field with a 1.69 ERA — and a clean bill of health — and will enter next spring competing with Landen Roupp, Mason Black, Keaton Winn, Hayden Birdsong, Kyle Harrison and Carson Whisenhunt for a spot in the major-league rotation or bullpen.

“He was pretty inspired; you could see he was pretty amped up early in the game,” Melvin said. “I think he realized today, getting a start like that, big crowd, second-to-last game of the season, as far as his road’s gone, he’s got to feel pretty good about it.”

Who finished the game was equally noteworthy. Spencer Bivens, whose career took him to France and the independent leagues before he signed with the Giants, recorded the final three outs to notch his first major-league save at 30 years old.

San Francisco Giants pitcher Tristan Beck (43) throws against the St. Louis Cardinals during the first inning of a baseball game in San Francisco, Saturday, Sept. 28, 2024. (AP Photo/Jed Jacobsohn) 
A banner season

After taking a 2-1 lead in the bottom of the first, the Giants kept building on their advantage with scoring rallies in the fourth and the sixth, which proved to be important as St. Louis tagged Sean Hjelle and Erik Miller for four runs after Beck left the game.

Of course the table setter both times was none other than Matt Chapman, who collected his team-leading 38th and 39th doubles of the season to begin each inning. Both times, Patrick Bailey helped the Giants cash in on the opportunity, poking a single through the right side for the first of two runs in the fourth and driving a sacrifice fly to bring Chapman home in the sixth, extending the Giants’ lead to 5-2.

Already this month, Chapman has signed a $151 million contract extension, celebrated the birth of his first child and on Friday was presented the Willie Mac award, the prestigious annual honor voted on by teammates and coaches. The next afternoon he was back at it, etching his name in the organization’s record books.

Along with his 39 doubles, Chapman also has 27 home runs and a pair of triples. His second two-bagger of the afternoon was his 68th extra-base hit of the season, besting Brandon Belt (66 in 2016) and Hunter Pence (67 in 2013) for the most by a Giants hitter in more than a decade, since Pablo Sandoval had 74 in 2009.

It was his 13th game this season with multiple extra-base hits, five more than anybody else on the team. He has scored 38 more runs than the next-closest player on the roster (Mike Yastrzemski) and if he crosses the plate two more times in Sunday’s season finale could become the first Giant with triple digits since Pence in 2014.

RELATED ARTICLES
SF Giants agree to contracts, avoid arbitration with Wade, Doval, Rogers
How productive can Justin Verlander be for SF Giants in 2025?
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report
SF Giants’ all-2000s team: From Bonds to Lincecum, who cracks the roster?
Canha leaves injured

Snell didn’t want to chance injuring himself in a game without any playoff implications as heads into free agency, and he might have let out a sigh of relief when he saw Mark Canha scramble back to second base after starting the Giants’ two-run first with a double.

Canha was caught dancing off the bag by Cardinals starter Andre Pallente and appeared to tweak his hand diving back safely. He initially remained in the game but was replaced by Yastrzemski as a pinch-hitter before his next at-bat in the third inning, and the Giants later announced he left the game with a sprained right thumb.

The Bay Area native, 35, was acquired at the trade deadline from the Tigers, who just clinched an improbable playoff spot, and is set to become a free agent after this season. He said he hopes to keep playing and doesn’t expect the injury to linger more than a week or two into the offseason.

Originally Published: September 28, 2024 at 3:57 PM PST
Around the Web
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
The Worst City in America is Found in Nevada
Definition
The 20 Worst Failed Restaurant Chains That Nobody Misses
Definition
Doctor Reveals the Root Cause of Neuropathy (Watch)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
In Nevada The Whole Courtroom Turns Pale When The Girl Says This
lawyersblvd
Dangerous Signs of Tardive Dyskinesia - Take a Peek Now!
Tardive | Search Ads
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
Cardiologist: Belly Fat After 50? Put This in Your Shoes
Get Health Insider
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Taylor Swift's Cars Shocks The Whole World, The Proof in Pics
Stars Are Made
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
What Causes Myelodysplasia Might Surprise You. It's Not What You Think
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Coast Guard Intercepts Strange Blue Boat. Then They Take a Look Inside
cleverst
15 Worst Foods You Can't Eat at Breakfast: Avoid These Foods in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Akusoli
What Causes Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Really Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Las Vegas: New Two Bedroom Senior Living Apartments Are Stunning!
Senior Living I Search Ads
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Vertigo & Dizziness? Do This Immediately (At Home)
WellnessGaze Vertigo
Doctor: if You Have Tinnitus (Ear Ringing) Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Doctors Stunned : This Removes Wrinkles and Eye-bags Like Crazy (Try Tonight)
Health News | Skin
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
First Signs of Crohn's Disease That Many Females Tend to Ignore
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Forget Minoxidil, Use This Household Item to Fight Hair Loss
WG Hair Restore
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Recover Your Joints: Try This Trick Before Bed (Eliminate Joint Pain)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
This Dental Candy Rebuilds Rotten Teeth & Gums Almost Overnight
Provadent
Diabetes? Do This to Lower Blood Sugar (Naturally)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Three Banks Introduce 12 Per Cent Interest Rates on Savings Accounts - Check Now
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent but Deadly - Know the Symptoms!
Squamous Cell Carcinoma
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Air Conditioners Prices in 2024 Will Surprise You (Take a Look)
Air Condition I Search Ads
Early Signals of AML Leukemia You Should Definitely Know About (Take a Look)
Leukemia Treatment
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Doctor: Anyone With Insomnia Should Watch This (Try Tonight, It's Genius)
WG Sleep Health
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
Health Trition
This Little-known Stretch Eliminates Joint Pain in No Time (Genius)
Healthier Living Tips
10 Foods You Should Never Eat for Dinner
Health Natural
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Do This Once Daily to Drain Edema Fluid (Watch)
WellnessGaze Edema
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Even depleted, Warriors get right with tight win at Detroit
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special counsel’s report on Trump Jan. 6 probe
NFL moves Vikings-Rams playoff game to Arizona after days of devastating wildfires in Los Angeles
Three-bedroom home sells in Danville for $2.2 million
What the Los Angeles fires might mean for the Bay Area home insurance market
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
Henry Winkler riles up conspiracists with L.A. fire theory
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years days before term ends
In historic deal, Point Reyes ranchers, National Park Service and environmentalists reach agreement on disputed land
Ben Affleck finds home survived Palisades fire while Billy Crystal and John Goodman mourn their losses

TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN SAN FRANCISCO GIANTS
How Hall of Famers Terrell Owens, Chris Mullin are helping pickleball grow
SF Giants agree with Justin Verlander on one-year contract: report
SF Giants’ all-2000s team: From Bonds to Lincecum, who cracks the roster?
What’s next for SF Giants after Burnes signs with Diamondbacks?
2024
September
28
NEWS ALERTS
Email Newsletters
Today’s e-Edition
Mobile Apps
Site Map
MARKETPLACE
Place an Obituary
Place a Real Estate Ad
Lottery
CONTACT US
Digital Access FAQ
Join our Team
Special Sections
Sponsor a Group
Get Sponsored Access
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Daily Ads
Place a Legal Notice
Public Notices
Monster.com
SUBSCRIBE
Member Services
Manage Subscriptions
The Mercury News Store
Archive Search
Reprints
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

BAY AREA'S HOME PAGE
Close
Search Nearby
Discover news happening near places you care about
Your location
Powered by Bloom
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mercurynews.com/2024/09/28/sf-giants-keep-hopes-of-500-finish-alive-with-6-5-win-over-cardinals/ 
 ----- 
