Skip to main content
Welcome, Guest
Sign UpLog In
Site search
Home
News
Sports
Opinion
Business
Obituaries
Fotogalleria
Supplement
Taga Plus
Advertise
Facebook
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
Team NMI give thanks in Honiara
By LEIGH GASES
leigh_gases@saipantribune.com
REPORTER Nov 27, 2023 Updated Dec 31, 2024  0
Facebook
Twitter
Email
1 of 3

Most of Team NMI’s athletes and officials pose for a photo before their Thanksgiving celebration last Thursday in the athletes village.

LEIGH GASES

NMI goalkeeper Merrick Toves leaps to save a goal in the second half of their game against Tahiti last Friday at the SIFF 1 pitch.

LEIGH GASES
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

HONIARA, Solomon Islands—The NMI delegation was far from home and family during the Thanksgiving holiday but still found a way to give thanks as a team last Thursday night after a long day of competitions and training.

There was no turkey and ham this time around, but the team made do with what Nick Gross, the team’s chef de mission—on behalf of the Northern Marianas Sport Association—prepared a nontraditional small feast of pizza and cake for the team as one of only two other delegations besides Guam and American Samoa that celebrated Thanksgiving among other Pacific Island nations during the Pacific Games.

Almost all members of the NMI team gathered and gave thanks for the past week of hard work, medal hauls, training, and camaraderie.

Gross, in his remarks before the team dug into local pizza not familiar back home but was devoured within minutes, said, “I would like to thank all of you for being part of the Pacific Games representing the Northern Marianas. Congratulations to all our medalists thus far. We’ve had an incredible showing after four days of competition (after the opening ceremony on Nov. 19)—we have acquired seven medals (as of Nov. 23).”

“On behalf of the Northern Marianas Sports Association, it is the very least that we could do,” said Gross. “We did want to have something to bring everybody together during the Thanksgiving break to give thanks—and that is all to you, your families, the Northern Marianas, the sponsorships, that made this possible and the Northern Marianas Sports Association’s support. On behalf of myself, it is an honor, and thank all of you for the hard work and everything that you've done to get here, and the work that is ahead of us.”

His message to NMSA on behalf of the team said, “We’re thankful this Thanksgiving holiday for the opportunity to be at the Games and represent the Northern Marianas. Thank you for all your continued support and guidance to grow and develop athletic opportunities for the people of the Commonwealth.”

The team then took an incomplete group photo before devouring the food in the pavilion in front of the dormitory as team Wallis & Futuna and Marshall Islands looked on in wonder.

Va’a team manager Justin Andrew said with being away from family during Thanksgiving, “We have all accepted prior to departing Saipan that we will not be with family and so we are doing well...We did not have or do anything special or specific but kept to our routine.”

As for how it’s been for the team with being in the Solomons for more than a week, he said, “After morning practice and breakfast, students do schoolwork and others cheer and support our Team NMI—students also join if they are done with schoolwork. Then they all have to be back at the village for their 3pm workout—a one-hour long session.”

Athletics coach Greg Igineof said the team is adjusting after the first few days of culture shock, lack of transportation, and training grounds. He’s thankful for Gross for helping them with their needs as always and is glad for the accommodation. As for Thanksgiving away from home, he said everybody back home is partying while the team is training or watching other sports play, but it’s good they had something planned that Thanksgiving night.

NMI loses to Tahiti in soccer

The CNMI National Men’s Soccer Team won the hearts of many after their fight-to-the-death match against Tahiti despite their 0-5 loss—with fouls, rough physical contact, exchanged words, and thrown up yellow cards against both teams last Friday night.

Tahiti needed to score 11 goals to take the top spot away from Fiji, but the CNMI’s defense, better gameplay, this time around, and teamwork managed to put them off for the first 30 minutes before they conceded a goal. Their tight defense also allowed just four more goals throughout the match and had more push and attack toward Tahiti’s goal than they did against Fiji.

Head coach Michiteru Mita said they played better against Tahiti than Fiji as they regrouped, trained harder, and strategized better.

An all-out brawl almost erupted at the end of the match against some Tahitian players and Fiji supporters who were at the game cheering the NMI team on and police officers had to break it up. Two Tahitian players were then suspended the next day for also trying to instigate a fight against NMI players.

This morning, the NMI team goes up against American Samoa—a FIFA-ranked team—and Mita hopes to win against them to prove that the NMI team, which is not under FIFA, has what it takes to be recognized as one too.

Colisao finishes fifth

The last weightlifter, Joey Colisao in the men’s 109-kg+ division, almost grabbed the bronze medal spot but failed his last clean & jerk attempt of 169 kg last Thursday at the Maranatha Hall and settled for fifth place with a total weight lifted of 296 kg.

Gold overall went to Australia’s David Liti with a total weight of 405 kg; silver was Samoa’s Sanele Mao at 395 kg; and bronze was Australia’s Malachi Faamausili-Fala with 330 kg. Fourth was New Caledonia’s Kyle Michel with 300 kg.

Weightlifting team manager Gregory Borja said despite their losses, they’re still grateful. “A few of the athletes were disappointed that they did not achieve the goals they set for themselves; however, they are thankful for the opportunity they have of competing with world class athletes from the region as they continue to train while preparing for other international events in the near future.”

Villanueva reaches quarters

Moris Villanueva made it to Round 3 of the singles match but came up short in the quarterfinals against Tahiti’s Reynald Taaroa, 0-6, 2-6, last Saturday.

Player/coach Colin Ramsey also fell to Guam’s Camden Camacho, 4-6, 1-6, last Thursday. Junior netter June Yu then lost to Samoa’s Leon Soonalole, 1-6, 3-6.

In Villanueva and Ramsey’s doubles matches last Friday, they conceded to Tonga’s Filipe Huni and Otufangavalu Noa in three tough sets, 6-7, 6-0, 7-10. Last Friday, doubles partners Nason Wessel and Yu also lost their match to Tahiti’s Taaroa and Antoine Voisin, 1-6, 0-6.

Wessel has a consolation round singles match this morning.

Results of the golf team will be posted in the next issues of Saipan Tribune.

Bodybuilding’s Christina Tudela and Davy Laxa are set to take the stage today at the Maranatha Hall. Va’a competitions are set to sail this morning as well, and the athletics team will take on the track today too.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Thanksgiving Nick Gross Team Marianas 2023 Pacific Games Honiara, Solomon Islands
Leigh Gases

Reporter

Author email
 Follow Leigh Gases
 (0) COMMENTS
Welcome to the discussion.

Log In

MORE FROM THIS SECTION
6. Return of the ‘Cage’
2. Billy Jean King Cup/Davis Cup Debut for NMI Tennis
8. CNMI debuts in WBSC qualifier
7. Micro Cup Canoe Race returns to Saipan’s shores
4. Antoni Ogumoro signs with UT
5. Two more int’l badminton tournaments hosted by CNMI
LOCAL EVENTS
OBITUARIES
PUBLIC NOTICES
CLASSIFIEDS
TAGA PLUS
Sign up for our newsletters
	
Sign up
Manage your lists
BACK TO TOP
Subscribe to our e-Newspaper

To be updated with all the latest news, offers and special announcements.

SUBSCRIBE
Stay Connected
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
GET IN TOUCH
About UsContact UsDisplay AdvertisingSubscriptionPolicy
© Copyright 2025 Saipan Tribune, Inc. 2nd Floor, JP Center, Beach Road, Garapan, MP  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.saipantribune.com/sports/team-nmi-give-thanks-in-honiara/article_4c9cdc42-8c3f-11ee-9dfc-e389de3c1e4d.html 
 ----- 
