Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Sixto makes long-awaited first rehab appearance
Share
Sixto makes long-awaited first rehab appearance
September 13th, 2023

Tim Stebbins

@tim_stebbins
Share

0:01

0:51

MILWAUKEE -- Marlins right-hander Sixto Sánchez made his long-awaited return to the mound on Tuesday, nearly three years after his last appearance in the Majors.

Sánchez tossed one inning in a rehab appearance at Double-A Pensacola. It was his first game action since the 2020 NLDS, though he made three appearances in 2021 Spring Training.

Since finishing seventh in 2020 NL Rookie of the Year voting, Sánchez has been beset by right shoulder injuries. His shoulder initially started bothering him in March 2021, when he was the No. 15-ranked prospect in baseball per MLB Pipeline.

Sánchez has since undergone surgery twice -- in July 2021 and last October. He’s spent the past few years rehabbing at the Marlins’ Spring Training complex in Jupiter and joined Double-A Pensacola over the weekend.

He struck out two batters Tuesday, allowing a single and a walk.

Sánchez made seven starts as a rookie in 2020, finishing with a 3.46 ERA and 33 strikeouts in 39 innings. He threw five scoreless innings in the Marlins’ series-clinching win over the Cubs in the 2020 NL Wild Card Series.

It’s been a long and challenging road since then, but Tuesday was a key moment in his journey to get back to Miami.

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Miami Marlins
Sixto Sánchez

Tim Stebbins is a reporter/producer for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
HOF ballot update: 7 big questions as announcement nears

3:29 AM UTC

Faster than ... a cheetah? This Reds player raced one

2:36 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

12:49 AM UTC

Nationals bolster 'pen, sign López to 1-year deal to continue busy offseason

January 11th, 2025

Crochet sees 'a lot of merit' in potential long-term stay with Red Sox

January 11th, 2025

Where Giants’ rotation stands with Verlander

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings Accept & Continue
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/sixto-sanchez-pitches-in-live-game-action-for-first-time-since-2020 
 ----- 
