YOU ARE HERE Home » Milwaukee Brewers: Freddy Peralta Reaches 1 Significant Achievement
BREWERS
Milwaukee Brewers: Freddy Peralta Reaches 1 Significant Achievement
By Tyler Koerth_September 12, 2023No Comments2 Mins Read
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Milwaukee Brewers starting pitcher Freddy Peralta (51) pitches during the first inning of the game against the Miami Marlins on Tuesday September 12, 2023 at American Family Field in Milwaukee, Wis. Jovanny Hernandez / Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
SHARE

Milwaukee Brewers Freddy Peralta has been nearly unstoppable on the mound recently.  Over his last nine starts he has not had an outing where he allowed more than three earned runs and he was the NL Pitcher of the Month in August.  Outside of all of that during his most recent start against the Miami Marlins he reached a significant single season career milestone.

Jul 26, 2023; Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA; Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Freddy Peralta (51) reacts after striking out Cincinnati Reds shortstop Matt McLain (9) in the sixth inning at American Family Field. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-USA TODAY Sports
Milwaukee Brewers starting pitcher Freddy Peralta has reached 200 strikeouts this season.

 

At the beginning of each season starting pitchers strive to be a part of the 200 strikeout club.  Freddy Peralta was able to punch his ticket into that club for the first time in his career after a nine strikeout performance against the Miami Marlins.

Aside from having six double digit strikeout performances this year health has been the biggest contributing factor as to how he was able to reach this achievement.  A season ago he was limited to just 78 innings and in 2021 he missed a few starts and finished the year with 195 strikeouts.

Other pitchers in Major League Baseball with 200+ strikeouts this season include Spencer Strider (250), Kevin Gausman (217), Pablo Lopez (213), Blake Snell (209), and Gerrit Cole (204).  More pitchers are in line to make this including Freddy Peralta’s teammate Corbin Burnes who currently has 181 strikeouts.

Follow me on Twitter @tylerkoerth.  Follow us @WiSportsHeroics for more great sports content. To read more of our articles and keep up to date on the latest in Wisconsin sports, click here!.   We cover the Milwaukee Brewers, Green Bay Packers, Milwaukee Bucks, Wisconsin Badgers, and Wisconsin High School Sports.  Additionally we provide the latest news coverage on the NFL, MLB, NBA, and others.

 

Freddy Peralta
SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
Tyler Koerth_
X (Twitter)

Tyler Koerth is the Lead Milwaukee Brewers Sports Writer at Wisconsin Sports Heroics. Articles have been published on Bleacher Report, Iheart, MSN, Yardbarker, and more. He has been covering the Brewers since 2019.

RELATED POSTS
Milwaukee Brewers Ridiculously Urged to Sign 2x All-Star as Possible Depth Piece
January 11, 2025
Former Milwaukee Brewers 2nd Round Pick Signs with the Washington Nationals
January 11, 2025
Former Milwaukee Brewers 1x All-Star Signs In The AL Central
January 11, 2025
Milwaukee Brewers Fans React to Colin Rea Signing with NL Central Nemesis
January 10, 2025
ADD A COMMENT
Facebook
X (Twitter)
RSS
CONTACT US
ADVERTISEMENT
PRIVACY POLICY
© 2025 WISportsHeroics All Rights Reserved.
Privacy & Transparency

wisportsheroics.com and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 933 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.

Manage Settings
Continue with Recommended Cookies

Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy
We'd like to show you notifications for the latest news and updates.
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wisportsheroics.com/milwaukee-brewers-freddy-peralta-reaches-200-strikeouts-against-miami-marlins-news-notes/ 
 ----- 
