Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Australia
10 Of The Weekend’s Top Performers Including A ‘gladiatorial’ Springbok And A ‘classy’ Englishman
10 of the weekend’s top performers including a ‘gladiatorial’ Springbok and a ‘classy’ Englishman
Dylan Coetzee
07 Jul 2024 11:38 AM
38

Split with Springbok Jesse Kriel and England's George Furbank.

What a weekend it was in the rugby world with several brilliant Tests, from the battle between the Springboks and Ireland to the nail-biter in Dunedin.

Considering the quality of rugby on display, we have collected the best performers from our player ratings that covered the three main matchups.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>
Springboks 27-20 Ireland

Jesse Kriel: The evergreen centre earned a 9 from features editor Jared Wright after another inspired display that included important interventions on both attack and defence. He is the only player to receive this high of a rating and it was thoroughly deserved after this gladiatorial-like shift. Kriel is a perfect example of a player who took his chance and never looked back.

Bomb squad: The only other 9 was for the Springboks bench that is unapologetically thrown at tired opponents in the second half, as was the case against Ireland. Replacing six forwards at once certainly has its risks but it paid off in heaps as their impact was typified by the brutal penalty try that saw the South Africans push Ireland over their own line.

Cheslin Kolbe: The first of the 8s which dominates the rest of the list. The Springboks winner never stopped chasing lost causes and was rewarded for that with a crucial try as James Lowe tried to keep the ball from going out. Some might say it’s opportunistic but it’s simply not, it is the law of averages; if he always chases hard something will eventually fall for him and it did in a big way.

Pieter-Steph du Toit: Another 8 and another Springboks warrior. As always Du Toit was absolutely tireless for his team, particularly on defence. but he was also a beneficiary of Tony Brown’s new attack which had him making some lung-busting carries in the wider channels. Seeing the big man in full flight is a joy to behold.

Ad

Caelan Doris: Speaking of warriors, Doris is another and the only Irishman to feature on our list this week. The number eight also got an 8 for his rating from writer Louis Chapman-Coombe after yet another brave display for his country. The Leinsterman’s consistency is remarkable and what a player he is.

Springboks v Ireland: Five takeaways as Rassie Erasmus breaks duck and the player who ‘must start’ next weekend

All Blacks 16-15 England

Damian McKenzie: Once again an 8 and the only All Black on the list after a fine showing in the fly-half shirt. Aside from some goal kicking issues, the pivot was excellent in his decision-making with a lovely cross-kick try assist. He was also imperious in the air and showed very clearly that he has everything required to be a quality Test fly-half.

Ad

Damian McKenzie’s honest admission over ‘disastrous’ shot clock error as Scott Robertson jokes about All Blacks’ plans to rectify issue

George Furbank: What a classy player the England full-back is fast becoming and it is clear to see why he was given an 8 by news editor Colin Newboult. Furbank adds impressive dynamism on attack while still being solid under the high ball and in general decision-making. He just looks a player who will be around for a while.

Neat little microcosm of the game. George Furbank tears in from the edge to hit Rieko Ioane, but the All Blacks get a quick ruck and TJ Perenara buys a clever penalty advantage. pic.twitter.com/LF23ShaXW9

— Charlie Morgan (@CharlieFelix) July 6, 2024

George Martin: The big lock got an 8 for his efforts against the All Blacks where he imposed himself on the hosts throughout. His shift led the physical charge for England and he rightly so nestles himself into our top 10 for this week.

Maro Itoje: Had the same rating as his second-row partner after a stunning display where he did his best to disrupt the All Blacks in every facet, from the breakdown to the set-piece, and also in collision point. England are always better when Itoje plays well.

All Blacks v England: Five takeaways from New Zealand’s ‘unusual display’ as ‘three areas’ prove the difference

Ad
Who wins the second Test at Eden Park?
All Blacks
England

Wallabies 25-16 Wales

Rob Valetini: The only player from this match bagged an 8 for his efforts. The number eight has been consistently good at Test level regardless of the Wallabies form and produced yet again on both sides of the ball as the chief carrier and one of the main tacklers. He is a brutally brilliant star and Joe Schmidt will need him to step up again next week.

READ MORE: Scotland ease past Canada as Sale Sharks duo celebrate debuts with try doubles

Australia
Caelan Doris
Cheslin Kolbe
Damian McKenzie
George Furbank
George Martin
Jesse Kriel
Maro Itoje
Pieter-Steph du Toit
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Adam Kyriacou
20 hours ago
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’

As it's now 2025 and a British & Irish Lions year, we thought it high time that Planet Rugby named its starting XV for the first Test against the Wallabies.

Colin Newboult
20 hours ago
URC Team of the Week: Springboks powerhouse ‘impressively dominant’ since injury return as Ireland’s ‘rising star’ lays down Six Nations marker

Our URC Team of the Week after the Round Nine action.

James While
02 Jan 2025
Chris Robshaw: The Premiership Team of My Life as ex-All Blacks star misses out to ‘most dedicated’ Owen Farrell while ‘hard as nails’ forward hailed

We caught up with Harlequins legend, Chris Robshaw, to pick his brain on the best XV he has played with or against in the Premiership for eToro.

James While
31 Dec 2024
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1

With 2024 coming to an end, it's time to announce Planet Rugby's top 50 players from the past 12 months. We conclude with part two that covers 25-1.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
37
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Planet Rugby’s British & Irish Lions starting XV for first Wallabies Test as lock a ‘shoo-in for enforcer role’
20 hours ago
23
‘One-armed’ England star was ‘pissed off’ last season but British and Irish Lions dream is now within reach
02 Jan 2025
Springboks: Five players who could make their Test debuts in 2025 including two ‘abrasive overseas-based ball carriers’
02 Jan 2025
4
Scarlets v Dragons: Five takeaways as hosts provide a ‘glimmer of hope’ while youngsters impress ahead of Six Nations announcement
01 Jan 2025
1
Wallabies progress under Joe Schmidt receives blunt verdict from Laurie Fisher
01 Jan 2025
1
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
5
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/10-of-the-weekends-top-performers-including-a-gladiatorial-springbok-and-a-classy-englishman 
 ----- 
