NATION
WORLD
STATES
OPINIONS
CITIES
BUSINESS
SPORT
GOOD NEWS
MOVIES
PHOTOS
VIDEOS
WEB SCRAWL

Advertisement

Cricket
Hope blasts 82 not out as West Indies crush USA by 9 wickets in T20 World Cup Super 8 clash
The Caribbean side, which had suffered an eight-wicket hammering from England on Wednesday, is now placed second with two points and a Net Run Rate of 1.814.
West Indies' Shai Hope hits a six during the men's T20 World Cup cricket match between the USA and the West Indies at Kensington Oval, Bridgetown, Barbados, Friday, June 21, 2024.(Photo | PTI)
PTI
Updated on: 
22 Jun 2024, 4:22 am
2 min read

BRIDGETOWN: Opener Shai Hope blasted an unbeaten 82 as West Indies came back roaring to crush the United States of America by nine wickets in the T20 World Cup Group 2 Super Eight match here.

After bowling out the USA for a mere 128 in 19.5 overs, the West Indies batters went all guns blazing from the word go to knock off the target in 10.5 overs to make 130/1, recording a comfortable win.

The win improved West Indies' standing in the Group 2 points table.

The Caribbean side, which had suffered an eight-wicket hammering from England on Wednesday, is now placed second with two points and a Net Run Rate of 1.814.

Johnson Charles fell for a 14-ball 15 with a couple of fours early on but the pair of Hope (82 not out) and Nicholas Pooran did the job for their side, smacking the USA bowlers all around the park here at the Kensington Oval.

Hope made a mincemeat of the USA bowling as the right-handed wicketkeeper-batter clattered eight sixes and four fours to make 82 not out from just 39 balls, with Pooran reaching 27 not out from 13 balls with three sixes and a four.

Hope remained at the forefront of WI's chase as he forged a 67-run stand for the opening partnership with Charles and then added another 63 runs unbeaten for the second wicket with Pooran, which came off only 23 balls as the Caribbean side ruled the roost.

Earlier after the West Indies put USA in to bat first, Andre Russell (3.5-0-31-3) and Roston Chase (4-0-19-3) made life tough for the opposition batters.

After an early blow in the form of Steven Taylor (2) who was caught at point by chase of Russell, the pair of Andreis Gous and Nitish Kumar (20) forged a strong partnership to revive USA and take them ahead but they both fell after making their respective starts.

Nitish was trapped leg-before by West Indies spinner Gudakesh Motie for 20 off 19 balls with two fours and Gous, who hit three fours and a six in his rapid 29 off 16 balls, was caught at deep midwicket by Hope off Alzarri Joseph in the eighth over and that was when USA's decline began.

None of the following USA batters could trouble the West Indies as the tournament co-hosts kept chipping away with regular wickets, denying their opponents any momentum with the bat.

USA skipper Aaron Jones (11) was cleaned up by Chase who looked unplayable. Chase grabbed another wicket when he had the veteran Corey Anderson trapped leg-before for seven.

Harmeet Singh, who had provided fireworks with the bat for the USA against South Africa in the last match, fell for a first-ball duck when Chase had him caught by Charles to ensure West Indies remained on top of the proceedings.

Follow The New Indian Express channel on WhatsApp 

Download the TNIE app to stay with us and follow the latest

USAWest IndiesShai HopeT20 World Cup 2024
Show Comments
Related Stories
Komaravelli Srinivas triumphs at 6th carrom world cup, secures three gold medals
Darshita Jain
31 Dec 2024
Dour end to 2024 after T20 World Cup victory
Express News Service
30 Dec 2024
No Indian among nominees for ICC Women's Cricketer of the Year
PTI
30 Dec 2024
India's sporting highs and lows of 2024
Firoz Mirza
29 Dec 2024
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
About Us
Terms Of Use
The Morning Standard
Dinamani
Kannada Prabha
Samakalika Malayalam
Cinema Express
Indulgexpress
Edex Live

Copyright - newindianexpress.com 2024. All rights reserved.

Powered by Quintype

X

Welcome

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 134 TCF vendor(s) and 64 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newindianexpress.com/sport/cricket/2024/Jun/22/hope-blasts-82-not-out-as-west-indies-crush-usa-by-9-wickets-in-t20-world-cup-super-8-clash 
 ----- 
