Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cincinnati Reds' Making Difficult Decisions with Young Star Elly De La Cruz
After electrifying baseball fans for the first half of the season, the Cincinnati Reds have been making some tough decisions with young sensation Elly De La Cruz.
Brady Farkas | Sep 15, 2023
Cincinnati Reds' Making Difficult Decisions with Young Star Elly De La Cruz /
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds

As the Cincinnati Reds battle for their first playoff berth since 2020, they are making some difficult decisions with young superstar Elly De La Cruz.

As the Reds take on the New York Mets on Friday night, De La Cruz will not be in the lineup against left-handed starter David Peterson. This is the second game in a row that he hasn't started against a lefty.

He was also pinch-hit for in Thursday's loss to the Detroit Tigers and was dropped to eighth in the order.

After electrifying baseball fans since his call-up in early June, De La Cruz has struggled in the second half of the season. He's just 1-for-20 in his last 20 at-bats and is hitting .171 over the last 30 games. He's only hit two home runs in that time and has struck out 42 times.

His overall batting average is now down to .235. He has 11 home runs, 36 RBI and 28 stolen bases.

Despite his struggles, he's still one of the most exciting young players in all of baseball. At just 21 years old, he's still a huge part of the Reds' future.

Cincinnati enters Friday at 76-72 and in a three-way tie for the third and final wild card spot in the National League. They are tied with the San Francisco Giants and the Arizona Diamondbacks.

Peterson enters the matchup for the Mets at 3-8 with a 5.34 ERA. Hunter Greene is on the mound for the Reds. He's 4-6 with a 4.43 ERA.

First pitch is 7:10 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our Fastball on FanNation coverage on social media by LIKING us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.You can also subscribe to "The Payoff Pitch" podcast on Apple Podcasts and Spotify.

Published Sep 15, 2023
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/news/cincinnati-reds-benching-superstar-elly-de-la-cruz-for-second-straight-game-against-a-lefty-amid-struggles-in-playoff-push 
 ----- 
