Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
News
Rumors
History
Prospects
Merch
Write for us!
About
FanSided MLB Sites
Follow Us
Elly De La Cruz is out of the Reds starting lineup for the 2nd time in 3 games

For the second time in three games, Elly De La Cruz will start the game on the bench.

By
Drew Koch
|
Sep 15, 2023
Cincinnati Reds shortstop Elly De La Cruz | Kirk Irwin/GettyImages

Elly De La Cruz is out of David Bell's starting lineup once again. The Cincinnati Reds manager will instead send Noelvi Marte out as the team's starting shortstop against the New York Mets on Friday night in Queens.

Friday's game will represent the second time in three days that De La Cruz has not been in Cincinnati's starting lineup. De La Cruz wasn't in the lineup on Wednesday night against the Detroit Tigers, but did come on to pinch run in the sixth inning and stole a base.

While this may be a bit surprising to some who don't follow the Reds very closely, for those who do, this isn't terribly shocking at all.

Elly De La Cruz is out of the Reds starting lineup for the 2nd time in 3 games.

Since Jonathan India landed on the injured list at the end of July, Elly De La Cruz has been the defacto everyday shortstop for the Cincinnati Reds.

India's injury forced Matt McLain to shift over to second base, and what had been a shared position between the two rookies turned into De La Cruz's exclusive home since July 29th.

McLain is now on the IL, but with India back and Noelvi Marte now on the active roster, Reds manager David Bell can play the matchups a bit more.

First of three in Queens!

Powered by @PNCBank pic.twitter.com/jnJZWyaeqv

— Cincinnati Reds (@Reds) September 15, 2023

The Mets are sending left-hander David Peterson to the mound on Friday night, and quite frankly, De La Cruz has been horrific against lefties all season. The switch-hitting infielder is 19-for-98 (.194) against southpaws in 2023 and has just five of his 35 extra-base hits against left-handed pitching.

Don't look for Elly De La Cruz to be on the bench very long. If and when the Cincinnati Reds are able to chase Peterson from the game, David Bell will find a way to get his much-hyped rookie infielder into the game.

•
4 players who still have to prove they deserve to be on the Reds playoff roster
•
2 Reds prospects inching closer to the major leagues after promotion and 1 with a lot to prove
•
Here's what the Reds starting rotation should look like to end the season
•
Absurd stat proves how vastly underrated the Reds bullpen has been this season
Home/Reds News
Schedule
Sponsored content
About
Openings
Contact
Our 300+ Sites
Mobile Apps
FanSided Daily
Pitch a Story
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Legal Disclaimer
Accessibility Statement
A-Z Index
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 Minute Media - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its affiliates and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://blogredmachine.com/posts/reds-starting-lineup-elly-de-la-cruz-out-2nd-time-in-3-games-noelvi-marte 
 ----- 
