Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
New York Jets
Aaron Rodgers has successful surgery, gives optimistic outlook: "On the road to recovery"

The New York Jets quarterback appears to be eyeing a return.

Aaron Rodgers shares a positive updateAaron Rodgers / Instagram
MATIAS WODNER
14/09/2023 - 20:25 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. No Cooper Kupp, no problem for Rams... until now: Puka Nacua misses practice with oblique injury
NFL. Raiders star Jacobs 'knocking the rust off' following offseason contract controversy

Aaron Rodgers' torn Achilles on Sunday Night Football sent reverberations throughout the entire NFL. The New York Jets were shellshocked, although they were able to rally and beat the Buffalo Bills without their star quarterback.

In the aftermath, Rodgers kept out of the limelight before making his first statement on Wednesday, giving a cryptic message at the end of his Instagram post: "The night is darkest before the dawn. And I shall rise yet again."

On Thursday night, Rodgers shared a picture from a hospital bed with the caption reading that surgery was successful and that he could now start "on the road to recovery".

Rodgers sees the vision
MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Steelers fans...
Marca

A torn Achilles could be a devastating injury for any player, especially if that player is 39 years old. Many have wondered whether Rodgers will even be able to come back from this type of injury. Though we won't know that answer for a while, Rodgers has sounded rather optimistic in both of his social media posts since the injury.

Aaron Rodgers injury breakdown... Will Tom Brady make a shock return?M.C.

The Jets have a very bright future, with extremely talented young offensive players like Breece Hall and Garrett Wilson to go along with one of the league's best defenses. Rodgers seems willing to do whatever it takes to make a Super Bowl run with this squad next season.

NFL - English
Aaron Rodgers - English
New York Jets - English
New York JetsJets rookie Xavier Gipson is NY's new hero, as predicted by Aaron Rodgers' sidekick
New York JetsPeyton Manning goes off on Zach Wilson during Monday Night Football broadcast
New York JetsConcern for Rodgers: Achilles tendon rupture could end his season... and career
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Aaron Boone defe nds Yankees' off...
Marca
De Kia Niro Hybrid. Check je inruilwa...
Kia
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Windenergie besse r als Elektrische...
Energieleverancier | Zoek Advertenties
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/new-york-jets/2023/09/15/6503b21d268e3e831e8b4576.html 
 ----- 
