Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Postgame Takeaways: Reds Score Nine in Opening Inning, Rout Astros 12-5
The Reds won their third straight game.
Greg Kuffner | Sep 4, 2024
Cincinnati Reds second baseman Jonathan India (6) gestures as he crosses home plate after hitting a solo home run as Houston Astros catcher Victor Caratini (17) looks on in the first inning of the MLB game between the Cincinnati Reds and Houston Astros at Great American Ball Park in Cincinnati on Wednesday, Sept. 4, 2024. / Albert Cesare/The Enquirer / USA TODAY NETWORK
In this story:
Cincinnati Reds

The Cincinnati Reds (67-73) beat the Houston Astros (75-64) 12-5 on Wednesday night.

Here are our postgame takeaways:

Nine-Run First Inning

The Reds exploded for a nine-run first inning. Jonathan India started the game with a lead-off home run. TJ Friedl gave the Reds a 2-0 lead when he doubled home Elly De La Cruz. Ty France singled home Friedl and Amed Rosario followed with a two-run double to extend the Reds' lead to five.

De La Cruz, batting for his second time in the inning, hit a two-run single to make it a 7-0 Reds lead. Tyler Stephenson capped off the nine-run inning with a two-run single of his own.

The Reds would score a run in the third inning on a Stephenson single and added two more in the fifth on a pair of singles by Friedl and Steer.

Cincinnati scored 12 runs on 14 hits.

Martinez's Solid Effort

Nick Martinez was given a big lead and gave up four runs over 5 2/3 innings, but just one of those runs was earned. He allowed six hits, walked three, and struck out seven. Martinez threw 107 pitches on a day when the Reds really needed some length for their starter.

Brent Suter closed out the game, pitching 3 1/3 innings of one-run baseball while striking out six. It was his first save of the season.

Up Next

The Reds and Astros will play the series finale on Thursday at 1:10 ET.

News and Notes

The Reds are now 18-22 against the American League this year.
The Reds are 49-10 when scoring five or more runs.
The Reds are 47-13 when they outhit their opponent.

Make sure you bookmark Cincinnati Reds Talk for the latest news, exclusive interviews, and daily coverage of the Cincinnati Reds!

You May Also Like:

Cincinnati Reds Ace Hunter Greene Placed on 15-Day Injured List With Elbow Injury

Cincinnati Reds Legend Brandon Phillips is Making Major Impact in Retirement

Matt McLain Cleared to Swing, Not Yet Ready to Begin Rehab Assignment

Cincinnati Reds Free Agent Addition Appears on List No One Wants to Be On

Cincinnati Reds Have Four Prospects on MLB Pipeline’s Top 100 List

Reds Top Prospect Rhett Lowder Has Another Dominant Outing in Double-A

Former Cincinnati Reds Top Prospect Just Dropped in Latest Rankings 

Look: Cincinnati Reds Release 2025 Spring Training Schedule

Look: Cincinnati Reds Prospect Chase Petty Has Awesome Outing

Cincinnati Reds Legend Critical of Mindset and Expectations in Clubhouse 

Why Hunter Greene Deserves Real Cy Young Award Consideration This Season

Cincinnati Reds TJ Friedl Gets Hilarious Reaction After Hitting Home Run

Reds Infielder Jonathan India: A Tale of Peaks, Potential, and an Uncertain Future

Cincinnati Reds Bringing Back Familiar Face, Signing Tucker Barnhart to Contract

Watch: Cincinnati Reds Prospect Cam Collier Joins Intentional Talk on MLB Network

Cincinnati Reds Make it Official, Will Play Braves at Bristol Motor Speedway

Cincinnati Reds Release Complete Schedule for 2024 Regular Season

-----

Follow Inside the Reds on Twitter/X: @RedsTalkSI

Like Our Facebook Page

Subscribe and follow the ONLY Daily Reds Podcast

Follow on Instagram

Published Sep 4, 2024|Modified Sep 4, 2024
GREG KUFFNER

Greg Kuffner a contributor to Reds On SI. He graduated from the University of Cincinnati and worked for the Sports Information Department during his time as a student. He follows all things Reds year round, including the minor league system.

Follow RedsDaily4

Home
/
Cincinnati Reds Analysis
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/reds/cincinnati-reds-analysis/postgame-takeaways-reds-score-nine-in-opening-inning-rout-astros-12-5-01j6ztt4tv52 
 ----- 
