Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019
Chad vs Cote d'Ivoire Prediction and Betting Tips | September 10th 2024
Chad vs Cote d'Ivoire Prediction and Betting Tips | September 10th 2024
By
Joshua Ojele
Modified Sep 09, 2024 21:06 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Chad and Cote d'Ivoire square off in action in Group G of the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers on Tuesday

Chad and Cote d'Ivoire are back in action in Group G of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers when they square off at the Ahmadou Ahidjo Stadium on Tuesday. Les Elephants head into the midweek clash unbeaten in their last nine outings and will be looking to maintain this impressive run of results.

Chad kicked off their quest for a first-ever AFCON appearance last Friday when they played out a goalless draw with Sierra Leone at the Samuel Kanyon Doe Sports Complex.

Prior to that, Kevin Nicaise’s men were on a run of two back-to-back defeats, losing against Central African Republic and Comoros in Group I of the 2026 FIFA World Cup qualifiers back in March.

Chad, who are 178th in the latest FIFA World Rankings, head into Tuesday’s class on a run of just two wins in their last 18 matches and will need to be at their best against the reigning African champions.

Trending

Cote d'Ivoire, on the other hand, kicked off their AFCON qualifying campaign on a high as they picked up a 2-0 victory over Zambia at the Stade de la Paix last Friday.

Paris FC forward Jean-Philippe Krasso came up clutch for Les Elephants as he came off the bench to score two second-half goals and leave Zambia empty-handed.

Cote d'Ivoire have now gone nine consecutive games without defeat across all competitions, a run which saw them clinch the 2023 AFCON title courtesy of a 2-1 victory over Nigeria in the final back in February.

Chad vs Cote d'Ivoire Head-To-Head and Key Numbers
This will be the first-ever meeting between the two nations, who will both be looking to begin their rivalry on a positive note.
Ivory Coast are unbeaten in nine straight matches, picking up seven wins and two draws since a 4-0 loss against Equatorial Guinea on January 22.
Chad have won just two of their last 18 matches across all competitions while losing 12 and claiming four draws since November 2015.
Cote d’Ivoire are unbeaten in four of their last five away matches across all competitions, picking up three wins and one draw since March 2023.
Chad vs Cote d'Ivoire Prediction

Fresh off the back of a comfortable victory over Zambia, Cote d'Ivoire will head into Tuesday’s clash with confidence as they look to maintain their fine run of results.

Given the gulf in quality and depth between the two nations, we are backing Les Elephants to secure all three points.

Prediction: Chad 0-2 Cote d'Ivoire

Chad vs Cote d'Ivoire Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Cote d'Ivoire to win

Tip 2: Over 2.5 goals - No (There have been fewer than three goals scored in four of Chad’s last five games)

Tip 3: Over 4.5 cards - No (There have also been fewer than five bookings in eight of Chad’s last nine outings)

Quick Links

African Cup of Nations Qualifiers 2019 Ivory Coast Football
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/chad-vs-cote-d-ivoire-prediction-betting-tips-september-10th-2024 
 ----- 
