Skip to main content
Home
Bangladesh
Business & Economy
World
Sports
Editorial
Entertainment
Video
Other
Epaper
Home
Football
Morsalin hands Bangladesh first point
Morsalin hands Bangladesh first point
Staff Correspondent   21 November, 2023, 22:54
 Share Tweet
Print
Bangladesh forward Shekh Morsalin (C) celebrates his goal in their FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup 2027 joint qualifiers match against Lebanon in Dhaka on Tuesday. — BFF photo

A stunning strike from Shekh Morsalin saw Bangladesh hold upper-ranked Lebanon to a 1-1 draw in their Group I match of the FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup 2027 joint qualifiers at the Bashundhara Kings Arena in the city on Tuesday.

Morsalin rescued Bangladesh from a looming defeat as he cancelled out Lebanon’s lead, which came from substitute forward Majed Osman, following the barren first half that Bangladesh dominated in ball possession and attacks.

The draw confirmed Bangladesh’s first point of their campaign as they had lost their away game to Australia 0-7 in Melbourne while Lebanon played out their second consecutive draw following their goalless affair against Palestine in Sharjah.

Bangladesh, who are 79 places behind Lebanon (104th) in the current FIFA rankings, went behind in the 67th minute when Majed found the net following a goalmouth melee between the Bangladesh defenders as substitute keeper Mehdi Hasan Srabon failed to grab the ball in his first try.

Lebanon forward Hilal Al Helwe provided a cross from the right and Bangladesh defenders attempted several times to clear it before the ball fell kindly to Majed, who fired into the empty net, silencing the jam-packed stadium.

However, Bangladesh took little time to return to the game as Morsalin produced a spectacular long-range effort that got the bottom corner of the far post in the 72nd minute, which gave Javier Cabrera’s charges a sigh of relief.

Morsalin, who made a quick, long run from midfield for the first goal, missed a golden opportunity to grab all three points for Bangladesh in the 89th minute when he only had Lebanon keeper Mostafa Matar to beat inside the six-yard box but could only find the side-netting.

Both Bangladesh and Lebanon fought toe-to-toe to get an early lead and the former threatened the visitors in the 16th minute when midfielder Mohammad Sohel Rana’s effort went wide whispering the left post.

Bangladesh came close to success twice in two minutes as defender Bishwanath Ghosh’s headed attempt was saved by the Lebanon keeper in the 24th minute before Md Sohel Rana was blocked inside the box by two opponent defenders in the next.

Bangladesh’s goalkeeper Mitul Marma was solid under the post throughout the first half as he played with good temperament and saw Bangladesh keep their net safe as they squandered another chance in the 45th minute when Morsalin sent the ball over the crossbar from Foysal Ahmed Fahim’s cross from the right wing.

Srabon came in to replace Mitul at the restart while Lebanon’s Croatian coach Nikola Jurcevics’s charges rejuvenated with a change and put tremendous pressure on the hosts that finally paid off with Majed’s opener following Nader Matar, Hassan Maatouk, and Karim Darwich threatening went close.

Bangladesh will play the next game against Palestine on March 21, 2024.

Tags Bangladesh Lebanon
Read More
- Advertisement -
Recent News
Israeli strikes kill police chief, two dozen others in Gaza
Corruption, looting during AL regime downplayed: Fakhrul
BSF retreats from constructing fence on border after BGB objection
Former BFIU chief, ex-postal DG among others sued for graft
Cold disrupts normal life

Editor: Nurul Kabir, Published by the Chairman, Editorial Board ASM Shahidullah Khan on behalf of Media New Age Ltd.

 Hamid Plaza (4th floor), 300/5/A/1, Bir Uttam CR Datta Road, Hatirpool, Dhaka-1205
PABX: +8802-9632245-48, Fax: +8802-9632250

 newage.editorial@gmail.com

ABOUT
CONTACT
ARCHIVE
DISCLAIMER & PRIVACY POLICY
ADVERTISEMENT
TERMS & CONDITIONS
SITEMAP
   
About
Contact
Terms & Condition
Privacy
Copyright © New Age - Media New Age Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserve.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.newagebd.net/article/218285/morsalin-hands-bangladesh-first-point 
 ----- 
