Sports

Bangladesh play out 1-1 draw with Lebanon
Our target was not to draw, target was to win: Morsalin
DM Simanto
Publish: Tuesday, 21 November, 2023 21:45
Update: Tuesday, 21 November, 2023 22:01
Sun Photo

Bangladesh played out a 1-1 draw with Lebanon in their second match of the four-team Group I in the ongoing joint qualifiers (round two) for FIFA World Cup 2026 and AFC Asian Cup 2027 at the Bashundhara Kings Arena on Tuesday. 

Forward Shekh Morsalin canceled out Lebanese forward Majed Osman’s lead as the men in red and green opened their account in the point table after having their frustrating start against Australia by 0-7 goals defeat last Thursday. 

After the match, the 17-year-old forward said that their target was not to draw rather their target was to win the match. 

“I have scored, it is good for me. But our target wasn't to draw actually, target was to win the match. But we played out a draw which is also good. Our next target will be to overcome our next matches,” said Morsalin. 

“If we have Rakib bhai today, the result would be different. His absence was a bit of pressure for me. But the rest of the players have given their best efforts. The good thing is we have got some points,” he added. 

Bangladesh, who have been unbeaten at the Arena for the last three matches, extended this record with the day's draw. 

Majed took the lead for his side with a left footed shot from the center of the box following a defensive lapses in the 67th minute.  

Bangladesh goalkeeper Mehedi Hasan Srabon, who came in place of injured goalkeeper Mitul Marma, left the goal exposed to clear the ball and the unmarked Majed successfully slotted the ball into the net. 

The crowd-packed stadium was stunned by this choppy performance of the home team, but youngster Morsalin made the crowd energized again with an impressive equalizer by his powerful long-range shot from outside the box in the 72nd minute. 

Morsalin could bag the victory for the men in red and green as well as double his goal tally when he got a close chance inside the box just two minutes before the stipulated 90-minute, but he wasted the chance.   

Bangladesh are 183rd in FIFA (38th in AFC) while Lebanon 104th in FIFA (19th in AFC), the day's draw will motivate Bangladesh to play better in their forthcoming matches which will be held next year.  

“Lebanon are better than us in strength, positions (rankings). We’re happy with the point but we have to be more ambitious and we have to target to achieve higher objectives in the next matches,” said head coach Javier Cabrera. 

Despite having a huge difference in the rankings, Cabrera’s team were confident about their West Asian opponents based on their impressive performance in the recently concluded SAFF Championship held in June, Bengaluru.  
 
Bangladesh conceded two goals within the last 15 minutes after keeping Lebanon at bay for 80 minutes in their first group match of that top-tier regional meet.
 
Apart from the SAFF game, Bangladesh played two more games against Lebanon and they won one and lost another during the FIFA World Cup qualifiers in July in 2011.

“The match was very tough. We made a good strat, but after 10 to 15 minutes Bangladesh started to make a counter attack. We are disappointed with the result, but Bangladesh played very well,” said Lebanon head coach Nikola Jurcevic.   

The coach also praised the ground, crowd and overall hospitality from the home team and the stadium authority.

 For all latest news, follow the Daily Sun's Google News channel.
Topic
FIFA
draw with Lebanon
Bangladesh

More News

The batting black hole of Bangladesh cricket
BBC report debunks claims of Hindus fleeing to India
Highest ever monthly remittance inflow in December
BCS 43rd’s denied candidates stage sit-in at Secretariat
Education adviser apologises for textbook distribution delay
SBP-MF emerge champions in second div chess
2025 presents a chance to forge national unity
Sharing Opportunities for Cooperation and Development, Writing Chapters of Friendship between China and Bangladesh

Sports

The batting black hole of Bangladesh cricket
Muhammad Jubair, Dhaka
Publish: Wednesday, 01 January, 2025 23:00

Back in 2018, Mushfiqur Rahim and Tamim Iqbal were batting in the nets of the Mirpur Academy ground to prepare for a tour of the West Indies. It was a hot afternoon; scorching hot. After a 40-minute hit, both of them were cooked and came crashing down on the sitting area of the academy ground. Mushfiq laid down and was trying to catch his breath. Some of the net bowlers were there. 

And then Mushfiq went,”'I practiced for 40 minutes. I feel like I batted in South Africa, England, India, and Bangladesh. One wicket, different behavior.” 

Some of the net bowlers laughed listening to this. Mushfiq joined them too. Tamim nodded and grinned. 

That was 6 years ago. Things haven't changed at all; rather, they went downhill.

Tamim is almost done with his international career, Mushfiq is also nearing his end. Other senior guys like Shakib Al Hasan and Mahmudullah are also at the twilight of their career. 

All of them spent over a decade to be above average at the international level despite having poor facilities at home. 

Now they are almost out of the game; new players are coming in, playing their first or second year of international cricket, practicing at the same facility. World cricket has moved on to a level which Bangladesh can't even imagine. 

None of the top order batters average over 30. 

On the other hand, with data science, analysis, good coaching, and good wickets, the scoring rate in all three formats is skyrocketing. And Bangladesh is falling behind in every metric. 

All the national players still have to practice at Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium since this is the country's cricketing centre. They still complain about it, sometimes laugh at their destiny like Mushfiq and Tamim.

What are the reasons behind this continuous batting failures at every level of cricket in Bangladesh? Daily Sun delves deep into the matter to find out.

Declining infrastructure: Bangladesh batters’ unseen battle 

Good batting comes from good facilities. Without quality wickets and practice facilities, batting talent cannot remain at the top for long. And all of this requires money. 

If you look at Mumbai, Lahore, or Adelaide, all of these places have produced top-quality batting talent because of the wickets they grow up on and the practice facilities available. In England and South Africa, private school systems serve as the breeding grounds for batters. Most generational talents come from private schools, attended by rich kids like Alastair Cook, Joe Root, and AB de Villiers.

In Bangladesh, over the years, BKSP has played the same role. Top batters from Bangladesh - Mushfiqur Rahim, Shakib Al Hasan, Tamim Iqbal, Liton Kumer Das, Soumya Sarkar - came from BKSP. Good facilities and coaching helped them grow into successful international batters. 

But their success came with incredible struggle. Having played and practiced at Mirpur for most of their careers, they were unable to achieve the level of consistency that they might have reached elsewhere.

SBNS started hosting international cricket in 2006, but the existing facilities have never been upgraded since then. Recently, the BCB undertook a greenhouse project at the academy ground, allowing players to practice almost any time of the year. 

However, that Tk3 crore project is already under scrutiny. Several players have complained about water leaking through the roof of the greenhouse, falling onto the wicket during rain. The wickets are also not up to international standards, and indoor wickets are not much better.  

If you spend an hour watching Bangladesh practice there, you'll hardly see one or two cover drives being played. Batting in indoor nets doesn't really help; in fact, it does the opposite. The typical slow and low nature of the surfaces causes frustration to the players.

It’s an open secret. Everyone involved talks about it almost all the time, but nothing has been done so far.  

Recently, captain Najmul Hossain spoke about it several times when Bangladesh toured India in September last year. 

After a batting collapse, which happens almost every day in Bangladesh cricket, Najmul openly admitted, “We’ve been batting like this for the last ten years. Sometimes we do well. We need to make some changes, perhaps in where we practice back home. We play on 140-150-run wickets at home. Our batters don’t know how to score 180 runs.”

Not only at the national level, but substandard batting facilities also haunt Bangladeshi batters at the lower levels, especially during development stages. 

Age-level cricket is the only active pathway for Bangladesh cricket. Under the BCB’s game development wing, age-level cricket has thrived in the last few years. Bangladesh won the ICC Under-19 World Cup in 2020 and the Under-19 Asia Cup twice in a row. Most players from the age-level system undergo constant camps, coaching, and training. 

But the struggle starts once they finish playing age-level cricket. Since they are not part of any actual domestic setup, they don’t get to practice properly. There are no proper facilities for players to practice, barring a few districts.

They have to come to the big cities—Dhaka, Chattogram, or Sylhet. Sometimes this doesn’t help because the BCB is always running some programmes or anything at these three facilities. Apart from hosting men’s and women’s domestic and international cricket, the stadiums are always busy because of national camps, high-performance camps, age-level camps, and the women’s team practice.

You have to be very lucky to get a net session, as only players from the national contract, High Performance unit, and the age-level system are allowed to use the nets. 

If you're a development player who is not part of any setup, you can only dream of getting into the facilities or hope that the next domestic tournament goes well for you, so you can get into the High Performance or national team setup and access decent training facilities. Until then, you'll have to practice on your district's concrete wickets or, if you have the money, go to a private academy, which costs a lot.

Akbar Ali, the U-19 World Cup-winning captain, once couldn’t get into the Rangpur stadium for a hit. National team leg spinner Rishad Hossain, who hails from Nilphamari, struggles to get a net in his own district. Mahmudul Hasan has to practice on concrete wickets in Chandpur to prepare for his next international assignment. Some BKSP graduates face frustration because there are no other facilities like BKSP where they can practice their craft at any given time. 

One national team player said, “Look, I can practice anytime at BKSP, and I’ll have a bowling machine ready. But once I’m out, I have nothing to practice on. I can’t go to a district stadium and get the same level of facilities. Imagine being a writer but not having a typewriter or a laptop to practice your craft—it’s almost the same.”

A few months ago, all-rounder Mohammad Saifuddin shared his frustration about a similar issue, saying, “I can’t come to Mirpur. What good would it do? I can’t get a net to bat there. You guys remember I made a wicket in Feni by myself, but now local boys play football on it. Where are the facilities for us to practice? I have to go to Masco to practice if I’m in Dhaka.”

The modern cricket calendar: A double-edged sword

For a long time, Bangladesh was not a regular participant in international cricket, particularly at the bilateral level. Major series against cricketing giants like India, Australia, and England were rare, especially in the Test format. 

The Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) primarily focused on ODIs, a format where the team mostly excelled in. The T20 format, on the other hand, was considered less important by the board and players. 

The team mainly prepared for ODIs due to high-profile events like the World Cup, Asia Cup, and Champions Trophy.

And to be fair, Bangladesh did enjoy huge success in this format. Generational players like Mashrafee Bin Mortaza, Shakib, Tamim, Mushfiq and Mahmudullah made their career doing well in this format. 

Their ODI prowess saw Bangladesh achieve notable victories, including big series wins against India, Pakistan, and South Africa. In 2012, Bangladesh reached the final of the Asia Cup for the first time in the tournament’s history. Bangladesh also made a mark in global events, including reaching the quarter-finals of the 2015 World Cup and the semi-finals of the 2017 Champions Trophy. The 2018 Asia Cup, under the leadership of Mashrafee Mortaza, was another milestone, with Bangladesh making it to the final.

Bangladesh did experience some success in T20Is in between, such as reaching the final of the 2016 Asia Cup and the 2018 Nidahas Trophy. However, the team struggled in the Test format despite having some of the best cricketers in their ranks. This was mainly because of the lack of interest in playing the longer format combined with fewer Test matches played, meaning Bangladesh struggled to replicate their white-ball success in Test cricket.

The Test format was often treated as an afterthought by the BCB, and the team’s successes came primarily on spin-friendly pitches in home conditions. Bangladesh beat big teams like England and Australia, and did well against the West Indies. 

The introduction of the 2019-2023 ICC Future Tours Programme (FTP) changed the landscape of international cricket. With the introduction of the Test Championship, the ODI Super League, and a massive increase in T20I fixtures, Bangladesh found itself playing more cricket across all formats. The importance of T20Is grew in Bangladesh, and players began to take the format more seriously.

The Test championship added a different dynamic. Players started to play more and more matches against the big teams. BCB began to prioritise Test cricket by increasing match fee and salary for the players. First class performances were given more importance and rewarded by the selectors. And the rise of T20I and Test cricket was a global thing. Because of that, the cricket calendar got crazy and ODI cricket slowly moved aside. 

But in Bangladesh, it’s a different story altogether. When the world is slowly moving on from the ODI, Bangladesh is trying to hold on to their favorite format like no other full member side. 

In the current FTP (2023-2027), Bangladesh will play 59 ODIs, which is the most by any nation. Along with that, Bangladesh will play 34 tests and 57 T20Is in this current FTP which makes Bangladesh the busiest team in this current FTP, compounded further by domestic competitions like the Bangladesh Premier League (BPL), National Cricket League (NCL), and Bangladesh Cricket League (BCL).

Cricketers from the previous generation of Bangladesh never played that amount of high intense cricket. If you are going through a bad form, it’s almost impossible to get out of it because there is so much cricket lined up one after another. 

This packed schedule presents a significant challenge for players, especially those who play across all formats. The intensity of the schedule means that players rarely have time to recover, especially from poor form. Batters, in particular, find it difficult to work on their game due to the rapid turnaround between formats. 

Young Bangladeshi batters, in particular, are struggling to adapt to the demands of jumping from one format to another.

The shifting balance: The rise of bowlers in contemporary cricket

Modern cricket has been a batters’ game for a long time. Since the turn of the 19th century, cricket became a batting-dominant game from a bowling-dominant game. It slowly started to move on from uncover pitches and with time, wickets got a lot better and batters started to dominate the game of cricket like never before. 

All-time greats like Victor Trumper, Ranji, Jack Hobbs, Headley, Hammond, Sutcliffe and none other than Don Bradman started to blossom at that time. All of them played between 1920 to 1940, statistically it was test cricket history’s greatest batting era. During that time, the average run per wicket was around 35. The 2000s and 2010s were the second best batting era of all time. Batters made runs, huge runs, the average run per wicket was around 33.

However, in recent years, a shift has occurred, with bowlers coming back into prominence. Test wickets all around the world suddenly became more bowling-friendly and bowlers started to make a comeback after a long time of being bullied by batters on flat wickets. 

Fast bowling in general is going through a revolution of its own with the innovation, accuracy, analysis and sports science. And DRS had a huge impact on how bowlers think about bowling nowadays. More and more bowlers aim at the stumps, making the batters play more balls rather than bowling traditional outside the off stump line and wait for a nick. Now they are aiming at the stumps more than ever so that the three most common dismissals—LBW, bowled, and caught behind—come into play every delivery. Bowlers are using wobble seam to attack the batters defense and getting huge success all around the world.

Kookaburra balls also had a big impact on this. In late 2020, Kookaburra released a new ball with plastic lining under the seam making the seam more prominent. This made the entire ball firmer which meant the ball would move around more and stay hard for longer. This shift has made bowlers more effective and led to a resurgence of fast bowling. And outside of pitches, nothing impacts the game more than balls in cricket.

Naim Sheikh, the young opener was one of the first ones to notice the impact of it in Bangladesh’s domestic cricket. In a BCL final (50-over format) back in 2022, the new kookaburra ball was used and it took him by surprise. 

“I was shocked how the ball behaved. It was bouncing a bit higher than a white kookaburra and got extra movement,” he said. 

International batters are also struggling with this new phenomenon. Recently during the Gabba Test against India, Australian premium batter Steve Smith said that the scores of 60 are now as valuable as centuries in modern batting conditions.

 “The last three years have probably been the hardest that I’ve experienced in my career in terms of the amount of movement that’s been generated. The scores have come down. Bowling averages have come down. Batting averages have come down,” Smith said. 

“Five years ago, you saw 400 or 500 being scored consistently in the first innings. If you put a three in front of it these days, you’re usually in a pretty good position. So you’ve got to think about that as well when you’re thinking about play. Sometimes if you don’t get a hundred, it’s not the end of the world. A good 60 or a good 30 at times can be really crucial and match-winning for a team,” he added.

Not only the new Kookaburra, Bangladesh batters have to face the Duke challenge in the country's main first class tournament NCL. Three years earlier, Bangladesh started using English-made cricket ball Duke and the green wickets in the NCL to promote fast bowling, which is famous for its hardness and movement. After that, NCL's scoring rate went down as well. 

Bowlers, mainly the pacers, started owning the NCL. That’s why many of the Bangladeshi batters lack confidence because they are not getting the big runs more often like they used to.

Mahbub Ali Zaki has been coaching the Chattogram Division in NCL for two years, and has expressed frustration over the lack of consistent performances from his top-order batters. 

"It seems like a bad culture. Almost every match I see, there is a batting collapse at the top," Zaki said.

This issue has been mirrored at the national level where Bangladesh’s top-order struggles persist. The lack of big runs in domestic cricket has led to a loss of confidence among batters, making it harder for them to perform at the international level.

Can Bangladesh achieve balance?

The rise of multi-format cricket presents a significant challenge for Bangladesh. With an incredibly busy schedule, players face the daunting task of maintaining form across all formats while juggling domestic and international commitments. 

The struggles faced by young Bangladeshi batters in adapting to different formats and the increasing dominance of pacers in domestic and international cricket highlight the difficulty of finding the right balance between bat and ball.

Ultimately, Bangladeshi batters' ability to achieve success in all formats hinges on their capacity to manage their cricketers effectively, focusing on player welfare, and ensuring that the team remains competitive across all formats. The rise of Test cricket and T20I’s importance, alongside the ever-present ODI fixtures, presents both an opportunity and a challenge for the team.

Whether Bangladesh can overcome the challenges posed by inadequate facilities and a packed cricket calendar will largely define their success on the global stage.

Until Bangladesh starts addressing these systemic problems, the batting black hole will continue to pull their cricketers into a void of underperformance.

 For all latest news, follow the Daily Sun's Google News channel.
Topic
batting black hole
Bangladesh cricket
bcb

Sports

President Box fiasco: Faruque insulted verbally
Zaigum Azam
Journalist
 
Publish: Wednesday, 01 January, 2025 23:00
-DAILY SUN PHOTO

Bangladesh Cricket Board (BCB) president Faruque Ahmed came under verbal attack at the Sher-e-Bangla National Stadium President Box on the opening day of the ongoing Bangladesh Premier League (BPL), country’s lone franchise-based T20 tournament.

Multiple BCB sources confirmed the development to Daily Sun, adding that it took everyone by surprise after Mahfuz Alam Bhuiyan, personal officer to Sports Adviser Asif Mahmud Shojib Bhuyain, shouted at Faruque on top of his voice on 30 December.

It was learnt that Mahfuz left the scene after others in the president box intervened. 
When asked, Faruque neither commented nor ruled out as mere speculation.

When contacted, Mahfuz claimed it as baseless allegation against him.

“Let me tell you simply, nothing happened like whatever’s been rumoured. Nothing like that,” Mahfuz told Daily Sun when his attention was drawn regarding the allegation.

"Tk31 crore was given for three stadium renovations and in the past such amount of money was not allotted from the Sports ministry. Why did it happen this time? Because we wanted things to go smoothly and to look better,” he said.

 “The renovations weren’t done as expected. The ticketing system could have been better. There was so much hype but people didn’t know how and where to buy tickets even 24 hours ago which led to vandalizing gates,” he said.

“These things could have been better. That’s what we who were from the ministry told the BCB. The BCB too assured us to make things better. That’s all. I have no clue who’s exaggerating things like this,” he said.

 For all latest news, follow the Daily Sun's Google News channel.
Topic
Faruque Ahmed
BCB President
Mahfuz Alam
NSC
Insult
President Box

Sports

SBP-MF emerge champions in second div chess
Daily Sun Report, Dhaka
Publish: Wednesday, 01 January, 2025 13:33

SBP-MF emerged champions in the Second Division Chess League, organized by Bangladesh Chess Federation (BCF), with 15 match points from 9 matches on Tuesday. 

The SBP-MF comprises CM Masum Hossain, Enayet Hossain, Shafiqul Islam, Jabed Al Azad, Tahmidul Haque and Siyam Chowdhury.  

Tausif Apparels Chess Club and Morning Glory Chess Club of Kushtia finished respectively second and third with 14 match points each. Tausif Apparels beat Morning Glory in a tiebreaker. 

The Tausif Apparels Chess Club comprises Aminul Islam, Mukitul Islam Ripon, Md Motakabbir, Dewan Shahidul Amin, Kazi Taherul Islam and Shaon Chowdhury while the Morning Glory Chess Club comprises CM Shafiq Ahmed, Nishit Pal, Amit Bikram Roy, Masudul Haque, Dr Ratan Pal and Ratan Ali.

Bangladesh Chess Arena finished fourth with 13 points while Debonair Chess Club, Pawn Power Chess Club, Elegant International Chess Academy, Gambit Chess Club, BUET Second Division Chess Alliance 2024 and Chess Code Academy respectively became fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth, ninth and tenth with the same 12 points each. Their positions were decided through tie-breakers.

Grandmaster Reefat Bin-Sattar distributed the prizes among the winners as the chief guest at the BCF office on the same day.

 For all latest news, follow the Daily Sun's Google News channel.
Topic
Second Division Chess League
Bangladesh Chess Federation

Sports

Ex-India coach Shastri wants two-tier Test system after MCG blockbuster
AFP, Sydney
Publish: Wednesday, 01 January, 2025 12:44
Update: Wednesday, 01 January, 2025 12:46
Former India coach Ravi Shastri wants to see a two-tier Test structure. File Photo: AFP

Former India coach Ravi Shastri called Wednesday for a two-tier structure in Test cricket with relegation and promotion to ensure the survival of the red-ball game.

His comments follow the blockbuster fourth Test between India and Australia that drew a record 373,691 spectators to the Melbourne Cricket Ground over five enthralling days.

That beat the previous record of 350,534 at the same ground during the 1936-37 Ashes series against England, when Donald Bradman ruled the sport and Tests were played over six days.

Shastri, now a commentator, said he could not remember "a bigger advertisement for Test cricket" and said it proved the five-day game continued to hold its own in the face of ever-increasing T20 franchise cricket.

But the 62-year-old said it also reinforced his view that for Test cricket to survive, the biggest teams needed to be playing each other more often.

"To break crowd records that have stood for nearly a century... is testimony to the fact that when the best teams play, the toughest and best format of the game is still alive and thriving," he said in a column for The Australian newspaper.

"It was also a sound reminder to the ICC (International Cricket Council) that the best should play the best for Test cricket to survive.

"I will say that there's too much of a clutter otherwise.

"This match further emphasises why we need a two-tier system with the top 6-8 teams and then include promotion and demotion. You will not get these kinds of crowds if you don't have two proper teams playing."

The ICC has been contemplating a two-tier system for years to keep the format competitive but the plans have never got off the ground.

A proposal for a de facto premier league featuring the top seven sides was on the agenda of the world governing body in 2016.

It was scrapped after the powerful Indian board led a backlash.

While India stand to gain from playing more matches against teams such as England and Australia, the BCCI said at the time the cost to smaller cricketing nations was too great.

Shastri also said the Melbourne game proved that Tests should remain five days, amid chatter that they should be reduced to four to help streamline schedules.

"The theatre in the end on (day five) Monday was further proof of why we need five days for a classic Test match," he said.

"However, if you don't create a two-tier system, you'll continue to have unmatched teams up against each other and then it's very unlikely they'll be able to take a game into the fifth day.

"Then there'll always be talk of four-day Tests."

Australia won the Test by 184 runs deep into day five and lead the series 2-1 heading into the final clash in Sydney this week.

 For all latest news, follow the Daily Sun's Google News channel.
Topic
Ravi Shastri
Test cricket
About UsContact UsPrivacy Policy

Editor: Md Rezaul Karim

© 2025 Daily Sun
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.daily-sun.com/post/722521 
 ----- 
