SKIP TO MAIN CONTENT
ABC News

Search the news, stories & people

Log in
ABC News has a fresh look
We've made it easier to find the stories that matter to you with a new homepage, personalised sections and more.
Socceroos not taking Palestine for granted, as Jerusalem-born 'prodigy' looms as biggest threat

Topic:
Soccer

Mon 20 Nov 2023
Monday 20 November 2023

Harry Souttar scored an early opener against Bangladesh in Melbourne. (Getty Images: Kelly Defina)

abc.net.au/news/socceroos-not-taking-palestine-for-granted/103129518
Link copied
Share article

The Socceroos are determined to stay focused when they face Palestine in their away World Cup qualifier.

Key points:
Australia takes on Palestine in Kuwait in their World Cup qualification match
The Socceroos beat Bangladesh 7-0 in their last match
Striker Oday Dabbagh, of Belgium side Charleroi, looms as Palestine's biggest threat

Graham Arnold's charges take on Palestine in Kuwait on Tuesday night local time (1am Wednesday AEDT), determined to maintain the perfect start to their campaign.

Tuesday's match at the Jaber Al-Ahmed International Stadium was originally scheduled to be held in the West Bank but had to be moved due to the escalation of violence in the region.

The Socceroos have announced they will donate a portion of their match fees towards Oxfam's humanitarian efforts in Gaza.

Kuwait was chosen by Palestine as the venue for the relocated "home" fixture and the crowd is expected to be significantly pro-Palestine.

Australia kicked off their campaign with a comprehensive 7-0 thrashing of Bangladesh in Melbourne while Palestine drew 0-0 with Lebanon.

But defender Harry Souttar certainly was not taking anything for granted.

"There's no easy games of football and there's always going to be good players no matter what level you play at," he said.

"So we know we're going to have to be on the top of our game.

The Aberdeen-born Socceroo has played 20 times for Australia. (Getty Images: AMA/James Baylis)

"First and foremost, it'll [the focus will] be a clean sheet, really.

"Against these teams, we know that we're going to have more of the ball.

"So it's about our concentration levels, because any given day, you never know what could happen."

Souttar has consistently led Australia's defence under Graham Arnold and impressed, shaking off his lack of game time at Leicester City.

"I've got to thank the boss for continuing to select me and play me even though I've not been playing at club," he said.

"His trust in me that I can go out there and perform is big.

"So for me to go into every match with not just playing for your country and wanting to play well, but obviously trying to repay his faith.

"I'd like to think I'm one that really speaks on the park and helps players alongside me. I think the manager knows that and he really trusts me to get his message across on the pitch as well."

Souttar, who stands more than 200cm tall, is confident he is now respected as a centre-back well beyond just his height.

"As long as the people that are selecting me — the boss [Arnold], Rene [Meulensteen], Bugsy [Brad Maloney] can see what I can do on the ball and trust me, then that's fine by me," he said.

"Certainly, at this stage of the campaign, a lot obviously does get made about my height.

"But as long as we keep winning football matches and keep going in the right direction, then people can say what they want."

Socceroos wary of Dabbagh threat

Dabbagh Oday plays for Charleroi in the Belgian league. (Getty Images: Photo News/Nico Vereecken)

The Socceroos will be most wary of Palestinian striker Oday Dabbagh.

Dabbagh, who was born in Jerusalem and plays in Belgium, is arguably Palestine's most impressive talent, and shapes as their biggest goalscoring hope in Tuesday's qualifier.

Wherever he goes, Dabbagh scores goals.

Dabbagh, 24, worked his way through the Palestinian and Kuwaiti leagues before moving to Europe with Portuguese club Arouca, then Belgian Pro League club Charleroi.

"He can go very high, this kid is a prodigy," midfielder Mohammed Bassim Rashid said.

"He's like a wonder kid in Palestine. Nobody can get close to the level and for us, we have pride in how he is doing.

"We speak so highly about him, but this season, if he does good, I think many clubs will be looking at him because there's the AFC Cup, there's the World Cup qualifiers.

"We're playing Australia and it all depends on him, what he can do on the field, but I know for a fact he is going to do a lot of damage, he has high, really high potential."

Oday Dabbagh made his international debut for Palestine as a 19-year-old. (Getty Images: FIFA/Mohamed Farag)

Socceroos centre-back Souttar said he would not be underestimating Dabbagh.

"Obviously, we've seen a few clips of him and we know he's a handy customer," Souttar said.

"But there's no easy games of football and there's always gonna be good players no matter what level of football you play at."

ABC Sport Daily podcast

ABC Sport Daily is your daily sports conversation. We dive into the biggest story of the day and get you up to speed with everything else that's making headlines.

Dabbagh made his international debut as a 19-year-old in 2018 and faced Australia in the 2019 Asian Cup.

He is a far more established player now.

After scoring 11 goals in 37 games in Portugal, Dabbagh has scored three goals and notched two assists this season in Belgium.

"He has something special and I'm not surprised he is playing in the top league in Belgium and scored so many goals in Portuguese first division in a team that almost got relegated," goalkeeper Amr Kaddoura said.

"He is our biggest star and I hope he can take more steps and show that he's from Palestine and everybody recognises him and says, 'hey, this guy is from Palestine'.

"It's a big achievement for us and I brag about the fact I get to play with him.

"Him scoring goals and producing in some of the biggest leagues is not a small thing for us."

AAP/ABC

The ABC of SPORT
Sports content to make you think... or allow you not to. A newsletter delivered each Saturday.
Your information is being handled in accordance with the ABC Privacy Collection Statement.

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

Email address
Subscribe
Posted Mon 20 Nov 2023 at 9:23pm
Monday 20 Nov 2023 at 9:23pm
, updated Mon 20 Nov 2023 at 10:35pm
Monday 20 Nov 2023 at 10:35pm
Related stories

Topic:
Socceroos

Socceroos to donate part of match fee from Palestine game to Gaza humanitarian aid
Photo shows The Socceroos starting XI poses for a photo before a match
Related topics

Australia Soccer

Kuwait

Occupied Palestinian Territories

Soccer

Socceroos

Sport

Top Stories
FBI now believes New Orleans terrorist acted alone after initial plan to harm family

Topic:
Terrorist Attacks

Photo shows The governor of Louisiana walks with members of various law enforcement agencies down a New Orleans street.
Authorities identify Vegas Cybertruck attacker, say unrelated to New Orleans

Topic:
Disasters, Accidents and Emergency Incidents

Where is the economy headed this year? China and Trump could be key

Topic:
Economy

Australia's China studies sector once led the world, but is now 'in crisis'

Topic:
Academic Research

12-year-old among dozens arrested in Melbourne robbery crackdown

Topic:
Crime

Just In
Do you like anchovies? Well, so did the Roman Empire

Topic:
Food and Cooking

9m ago
9 minutes ago
A saxy new celebration for Novak, same sorry tune for Gaël Monfils

Analysis by Simon Smale

23m ago
23 minutes ago
From our Head to their Pant, here are your top Australia vs India moments

Topic:
Cricket

25m ago
25 minutes ago
Queensland's new health boss says meeting staff demand for care is biggest challenge

Topic:
Public Health

30m ago
30 minutes ago
More Just In
Back to top
Footer
ABC News homepage
More From ABC NEWS

We acknowledge Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples as the First Australians and Traditional Custodians of the lands where we live, learn, and work.

SECTIONS
ABC NEWS
JUST IN
WATCH LIVE
POLITICS
WORLD
BUSINESS
ANALYSIS
SPORT
SCIENCE
HEALTH
ENTERTAINMENT
LIFESTYLE
FACT CHECK
OTHER
NEWS IN LANGUAGE
中文
BERITA BAHASA INDONESIA
TOK PISIN
CONNECT WITH ABC NEWS
FACEBOOK
INSTAGRAM
YOUTUBE
APPLE NEWS
X (FORMERLY TWITTER)
MORE FROM ABC NEWS
Contact ABC NEWS

This service may include material from Agence France-Presse (AFP), APTN, Reuters, AAP, CNN and the BBC World Service which is copyright and cannot be reproduced.

AEST = Australian Eastern Standard Time which is 10 hours ahead of GMT (Greenwich Mean Time)

Editorial Policies
Accessibility
Help
Contact Us
About the ABC
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© 2025 ABC
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.abc.net.au/news/2023-11-21/socceroos-not-taking-palestine-for-granted/103129518 
 ----- 
