Skip to content
Subscribe Now
37°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
BREAKING NEWS Bill McCartney, CU football coach who led Buffs to national title, dies at 84
SPORTSNBADENVER NUGGETSNews
Michael Malone: Jamal Murray’s knee felt “funny” before Nuggets preseason game
Murray told Michael Malone that he feels well-conditioned going into the season, but knee pain resurfaced while he warmed up to play the Suns.
Jamal Murray (27) of the Denver Nuggets rests during the second quarter against the Phoenix Suns at Ball Arena in Denver on Sunday, Oct. 13, 2024. (Photo by AAron Ontiveroz/The Denver Post)
By BENNETT DURANDO | bdurando@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
PUBLISHED: October 14, 2024 at 2:34 PM MDT

Injury fears involving Jamal Murray resurfaced once again Sunday night.

Murray’s knee started bothering him prior to Denver’s first preseason game at Ball Arena, coach Michael Malone said Monday. Murray ended up playing 18 first-half minutes then sitting out the rest of the game. The Nuggets’ other starters played through the end of the third quarter.

“He told me this morning that he had been feeling great, then all of a sudden last night during his pregame warm-ups, it just was starting to feel a little funny, if you will,” Malone said. “A lot of times, he’s able to just kind of get going and play through (injuries), and it’ll loosen up. And last night that wasn’t the case. But up until that point, he’s been healthy, ready to go. I asked him this morning, I said, ‘Where do you think your conditioning is?’ And he feels he’s in a good place.”

Murray tore his left ACL and underwent a surgical reconstruction of the ligament in April 2021, causing him to miss two playoff runs and the entire 2021-22 season. Throughout last season, he navigated a collection of minor leg injuries that caused him to miss 23 games. He struggled in the 2024 playoffs and during the Paris Olympics, where he suited up for the Canadian national team. Nuggets president Josh Kroenke commended Murray in August for his toughness and desire to play through injuries on those big stages.

RELATED ARTICLES
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
Ty Lue on Los Angeles wildfires as Kawhi Leonard steps away from Clippers: “Definitely have to take care of home”

“Knock on wood; I have seen a healthy Jamal Murray,” Malone said on Oct. 4 before Denver’s first preseason game in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. “I’ve seen a guy that … (has been) explosive. Making plays. And that’s always a micro-goal of any game that you go into during the preseason, is making sure you have player health.”

Murray scored two points on 1-of-6 shooting in Sunday’s preseason loss to Phoenix, contributing three rebounds, three assists and a steal. Appearing in all three preseason games so far, he has averaged 5.3 points on 32% shooting from the field and a 20% clip from 3-point range.

Around the Web
Diabetes is Not From Sweets! Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
South Carolina: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
Couple Find Old Suitcase in Attic, Then Someone Knocks on Their Door
dailysportx
20 Rare & Forgotten Super Cars of the Past
SpilledDaily
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskenisia
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
The Worst Cars Ever Made, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Hidden Cause of Tinnitus Discovered (Nothing to Do With Your Ears or Hearing)
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
The Solution To Your Denim Dilemma Is Here | Up To 50% Off Sitewide
Lucky Brand
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Struggling to Stay Hydrated? This Might Be The Answer
Liquid I.V.
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Warning Signals That You Have TNBC (Explore Now)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
Breakfast: 15 Foods Never to Eat in The Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
Norah O'donnell is Married to This Beauty
Daily Sports Reporter
10 Foods You Should Never Eat After 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
North Charleston: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After First Use
Nuubu
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Early Signals of Macular Degeneration You Should Definitely Know About!
Macular Degeneration
Arthritis or Joint Pain? Do This Immediately (Watch Results in 4 Days)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
This Weird Method Can Restore Your Vision Naturally (Watch)
WellnessGaze Vision
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
Want to Stop Your Nerve Pain? Try This Tonight
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
One Cup of This Can Help End Memory Loss
Neuro Zoom
Urologist: Enlarged Prostate? Do This Immediately
WellnessGaze Prostate
Surgeon: Do This & Your Hair Will Grow Like Never Before
WG Hair Restore
Spread a Little Baking Soda Under Your Eyes and See What Happens
learnitwise
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
Diabetics: is This New Breakthrough Better Than Metformin?
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Do You Know What is Primary Immunodeficiency? You Will Be Shocked!
Immunodeficiency Treatment
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Let This Soft Mineral Melt in Your Mouth to Rebuild Teeth and Gums
WellnessGaze Dental
Do You Know What Crohn`s Disease Is? Click Here to Take a Look at Pictures!
Crohn`s Disease
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Police arrest 3 in home invasion shooting of 16-year-old girl in Aurora
Renck: In Walton-Penner ownership group, Broncos have found their next Pat Bowlen, but they do it their own way
Aurora seeks emergency closure of troubled Edge of Lowry apartments as complex reaches “breaking point”
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
Colorado Supreme Court chief justice calls for more judges as courts emerge from "crucible"
Man killed in shooting outside northwest Aurora home
Justice Department investigating Douglas County School District’s response to racial discrimination, bullying of students
Aurora man defrauded millions in COVID-19 relief and used money to buy luxury cars, indictment alleges
U.S. 6 closed over Loveland Pass for safety concerns
Why did federal agents seize — and then return — $5 million worth of switchblades from a Colorado man?
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN DENVER NUGGETS
Nikola Jokic, Russell Westbrook match triple-doubles as Nuggets hold off short-handed Nets
Nuggets Journal: Michael Porter Jr. is having career year. Would trading him help or hurt Denver’s roster?
Russell Westbrook on playing through wildfires back home in Los Angeles: “It’s hard for me to sleep”
Nuggets trounce Clippers without Nikola Jokic, Aaron Gordon thanks to variety of contributors
2024
October
14
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/10/14/jamal-murray-knee-pain-nuggets-preseason/ 
 ----- 
