NEWSLETTERS
NBA News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Photo: David Banks-Imagn Images
Chicago Bulls Lose Home Preseason Game to Memphis Grizzlies, 124-121
Originally posted on On Tap Sports Net
By Morris Bankston  |  Last updated Oct 13, 2024 3:29 AM ET

The 2024 preseason Chicago Bulls action continues to deliver a recurring theme from the 2023-2024 NBA regular season, clutch game scenarios. In their first 2024 NBA preseason game, the Bulls squeezed a clutch game win against the Cleveland Cavaliers. Unfortunately, the pendulum swung to a clutch game loss Saturday against the visiting Memphis Grizzlies, 124-121.

Phase Two of the Chicago Bulls Offensive Redesign

The Bulls first half at home against the Grizzlies served as an initial validation of Billy Donovan and Arturas Karnisovas' desire to play a faster-paced offense. Zach LaVine led the way for the Bulls offense in the first half shooting a nuclear 5/5 from the three-point line and scoring 24 points in the first half.

Overall the underlying structure of the Bulls' offensive transformation in the first half appeared to focus on moving the ball in transition defense more often than operating in half-court sets. The results were noticeable for the Bulls, winning the fast break points advantage in the first half 14-0.

Julian Phillips Detonates the Second Half

Second-year wing Julian Phillips took a single field goal attempt in the first half, went into the locker room for halftime, and returned to the court with jump-shooting violence on his mind. Julian Phillips shot 4/7 from the three-point line and scored 18 of his 21 total game points in the first half.

Patrick Williams Small Ball Center Minutes

With Jalen Smith sidelined from game action, Patrick Williams drew the assignment to fill in as backup center and provided surprisingly effective minutes as a "small-ball" center.  

Williams held his own in a size-disadvantaged defensive assignment guarding rookie Grizzlies center Zach Edey. Williams proved effective at fronting Edey and stealing the ball late in the third quarter.  

What's On Tap Next?

The Bulls travel to Milwaukee for their next preseason game on Mon Oct 14, 2024, to face the Milwaukee Bucks.  

The Bucks are banking on a full offseason of superstar Giannis Antetokounmpo, acquired superstar Damian Lillard, and recently hired head coach Doc Rivers being the solution to return the Bucks to title contention in the NBA Eastern Conference. Monday's preseason game tips off at 7 p.m. CT and will air on CHSN.

This article first appeared on On Tap Sports Net and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Jimmy Butler takes apparent shot at Heat in video
Big viewership for Cavs-Thunder should quiet NBA ratings talk
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA
Chicago Bulls: A mock 4-team trade has been released that involves…
NBA
Fatal flaw Rockets must fix at 2025 NBA trade deadline
NBA
Zion Williamson gets suspended after playing a single game
NBA
Jimmy Butler takes apparent shot at Heat in video

Jimmy Butler seemingly sent a message to the Miami Heat on Friday as the standoff between him and the team continues. Butler made a visit to his Bigface coffee shop in Miami on Friday and shared video of it to his Instagram. In the video, he seemed to take a shot at how the Heat have treated him. “See that? I gave you a compliment. That’s what bosses do. They build you up, they don’t break you down,” Butler told an employee while giving a thumbs-up to the camera. Perhaps Butler meant nothing by his comment, but few will see it that way. Heat president Pat Riley publicly admonished Butler at the end of last season, and there were rumors at the start of the season that the relationship between Butler and Riley was not good. Butler’s issues with the Heat finally erupted last week, as he went public with a trade demand. That prompted Riley to hand down some hefty punishment for Butler’s supposed insubordination. Normally, this sort of thing would go ignored. Right now, however, Butler’s comment certainly looks like a shot at Riley and the organization.

NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
MLB
Pete Alonso reportedly makes offer to Mets
NBA
Denver Nuggets Make Jamal Murray Injury Announcement vs…
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys react to Cooper Rush's parting message after…
NHL
Ex-NHL defenseman calls Matt Rempe the worst player in the…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
The 20 most iconic bands to hail from Canada
NHL
Canucks GM confirms Elias Pettersson news
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
NHL
One of Leafs GM Brad Treliving's Former Top Defensemen Has…

Current Toronto Maple Leafs GM Brad Treliving may have an interest in swinging a trade for one of his former defensemen, who is suddenly available in Calgary. Acquiring defensemen ahead of the trade deadline has become the go-to move for a lot of contending teams over the last few years. The Toronto Maple Leafs have added their fair share of depth defensemen in Luke Schenn or Joel Edmundson, but this year, they can make an even bigger splash by swinging big on Calgary Flames defender Rasmus Andersson. They've been linked to several of the Flames' defensemen for a few years now and it's intensified recently due to Brad Treliving's history with the Flames, but it sounds like despite their proximity to the post-season, Calgary will be willing to move the Swedish defensemen for the right price. David Pagnotta of The Fourth Period sat down with Winnipeg Sports Talk and discussed what the Flames are currently thinking, what they would want for Andersson, and whether or not it's realistic: 'They can set the bar higher as they need to and see if anyone is going to a pay the price for Rasmus Andersson. He's a three-pronged package: first round pick, top prospect, and additional asset, or equivalent because I don't know if Calgary wants to go that road of collecting too many future assets, I think that'll depend on who the prospect is, if he's almost ready that'll factor in too, but you're looking at three strong assets to get a player like Rasmus Andersson out of Calgary.' He later added that it's not out of the realm of possibility either because the player wouldn't mind a change of scenery and the Flames attempted to move him last year but didn't like what was being offered: 'I still believe that even with their proximity to the post-season, I still believe he would be open to a move and he would welcome one, that was the notion last season, that was the same kind of mindset going into the summer, that was the belief. They didn't pull the trigger, they didn't get what they wanted, they didn't have to., But now you get into desperation mode and this may be a scenario where we see some of these defensemen come off the board earlier and that allows a team like Calgary to prop up the price for Andersson ahead of the deadline to say hey all your other options are gone, it's going to cost xyz, otherwise good luck to you.' The three-pronged package is assuredly steep and if defensemen start to move ahead of time and he's one of the few remaining, the Flames will be in the driver's seat. It also helps that he's under contract for another season beyond 2024-25 and has a relatively low cap-hit of $4.55 million. The Maple Leafs don't have a 2025 first round pick but they do own their firsts in 2026 and 2027, which could help. They do have a 2024 second round pick if they feel the need to add a sweetener but because of their first round pick situation, that prospect would have to be someone along the lines of an Easton Cowan or a Fraser Minten. As crazy as that sounds, you have to factor in bidding wars, what other teams are going to be offering, and which defensemen are still available. What's also important is to remember that Calgary hasn't been too keen with dealing with Toronto and Treliving since he was let go, so that could be factor as well. It's going to be interesting as we get closer to the trade deadline and with the 4-Nations Face-Off coming right before, it makes you wonder if we'll see moves come in before the tournament kicks off.

General Sports
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
Canadiens goalie could leave the organization for Europe, according to…
College Football
Urban Meyer Doesn't Hold Back Thoughts On James Franklin's…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…

The New York Jets have a few big question marks that need to get sorted out early in the offseason. New York needs to find a new head coach, a new general manager and figure out whether Aaron Rodgers will be the team’s starting quarterback in 2025. All three of these questions go hand in hand. Will Rodgers come back for one more year? That's up in the air. Rodgers seemed melancholy as the campaign was wrapping up but did look good in the season finale. Although the season didn’t go as planned, Rodgers’ numbers are surprisingly good. He finished with 28 touchdown passes to just 11 interceptions while tallying 3,897 passing yards. If you were to see these numbers not knowing the team’s record, you would probably think the Jets were in a much different position than they are now. Rodgers still seems like he has something left in the tank, and if the Jets don’t want him back, maybe someone else will. CBS Sports’ Cody Benjamin made a list of the top quarterbacks who will be available this offseason and predicted landing spots. He predicted that Rodgers will end up signing with the Tennessee Titans on a one-year, $25 million deal. “The former MVP's numbers are deceiving: While he avoided a rash of turnovers in his first healthy year with the Jets, the former Green Bay Packers star was mostly a non-factor for a dismal New York offense, which is ripe for a total overhaul,” Benjamin said. “At 41, he's simply looked much more his age away from Lambeau. "Projection: Signs with Titans on a one-year, $25M deal.” Tennessee has the No. 1 pick in the upcoming draft and likely will take a quarterback. It wouldn’t be the worst idea to have a young guy sit for a year and watch Rodgers if he decides to leave New York.

NFL
A Big Day For The Las Vegas Raiders And Their Head Coaching Search
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NFL
Maxx Crosby Makes Major Personal…
MLB
San Francisco Giants Signing Outfielder To Huge Contract Named…
NHL
New York Rangers Star Reportedly Shuts Down Trade To Western…
NFL
Giants players make alarming comments after Brian Daboll, Joe…
NHL
RDS Analyst Proposes Entertaining 1-for-1 Trade Involving…
The 20 best things that happened on Gossip Girl
MLB
Mets meet with prized free agent relief pitcher
NHL
Bruins star strongly fires back after report of locker room issue 
NHL
Another Eastern Conference Team Enters the Elias Pettersson…

It's going to be a very interesting eight weeks until the National Hockey League's trade deadline, with multiple teams reportedly trying to acquire Vancouver Canucks forward Elias Pettersson. The Vancouver Canucks are going to be a team to watch over the next couple of months as we march towards the National Hockey League's trade deadline for the 2024-25 season. Last weekend, Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman revealed that the team has been exploring the market for forward Elias Pettersson and J.T. Miller and since then, rumors have been running wild regarding the Swedish forward. Since Elliotte Friedman's report, the Boston Bruins have expressed interest in Elias Pettersson, as well as the New York Islanders for a potential reunion with Bo Horvat. Rick Dhaliwal shares another potential landing spot for Elias Pettersson While making an appearance on Halford Brough on Sportsnet 690 radio, Rick Dhaliwal of Donnie Dhali shared that the Columbus Blue Jackets could be a potential landing spot for Elias Pettersson. Dhaliwal says that the Columbus Blue Jackets have a ton of cap space, young centermen and draft picks would could intrigue Vancouver Canucks General Manager Patrik Allvin. 'A lot of people feel the one team that could satisfy Vancouver for Pettersson is Columbus-tons of cap space, good young centers, and draft picks to pull off a Pettersson trade,' Dhaliwal said. Now, it's not a guarantee that the Vancouver Canucks will trade Elias Pettersson before the deadline on Friday, March 7th, but it doesn't hurt to see what they could fetch for him on the market. There won't be a shortage of teams that'll be calling Patrik Allvin in the coming weeks and it's going to be interesting to see if any of them can submit an offer that the Canucks General Manager can't refuse.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NBA News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/chicago_bulls_lose_home_preseason_game_to_memphis_grizzlies_124_121/s1_16931_41045594 
 ----- 
