Skip to Main Content
OPEN
CLOSE
MENU
Boston.com
Search
SPORTS
CELTICS
JAYSON TATUM
JAYLEN BROWN
PATRIOTS
BRUINS
RED SOX
REVS
RED SOX
Nick Pivetta winding down 2023 on a high note ahead of a big offseason for the Red Sox pitching staff
Pivetta struck out seven and didn't allow a run in his start against the Chicago White Sox.
Nick Pivetta is ending 2023 on a high note. (AP Photo/Michael Dwyer)

By Colin McCarthy

September 23, 2023
2 minutes to read
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Email
1
MORE RED SOX
Luis Robert Jr. hits 311-foot homer in ninth to give White Sox 1-0 win over Red Sox
‘I’m not even there yet’: Justin Turner finds possible Red Sox return ‘fantastic,’ but not ready to make 2024 commitment

Red Sox pitcher Nick Pivetta’s rollercoaster ride through the 2023 season is nearing an end, and he’s heading into the offseason strong.

There have been plenty of ups and downs for Pivetta on the mound, and a few twists and turns, too, as he moved between the starting rotation and the bullpen for Boston.

On Saturday though, despite a 1-0 loss to the Chicago White Sox, Pivetta had another strong start and earned a no-decision in his individual record. The right-hander struck out seven and only walked one. He gave up three hits and zero runs through seven innings.

“He’s finding the strike zone with good stuff so that was a good one. He’s got one more left,” Cora said of Pivetta. “It’s been fun to watch, especially the last two and a half, three months. He likes to compete, always available, and in tough conditions that was really good.”

Pivetta is winding down 2023 on a high note. He’s gone at least five innings in each of his last three outings (all starts), and twice has gone over six innings. In that timeframe, he’s recorded 23 strikeouts, including 10 against the Yankees on Sept. 12.

ADVERTISEMENT:

“I feel like I’ve been consistent this second half, I feel like I’ve been contributing the way that I need to,” Pivetta said. “I still have a ton to work on, I still need to be more consistent in the zone, getting ahead of guys better. But, being able to put things together slowly has benefitted me a lot.”

A major offseason is in store for the Red Sox, and one major focus of improvement will be pitching. Cora hasn’t made any secrets about how much the pitching staff needs to be improved.

Entering an arbitration year before becoming an unrestricted free agent in 2025, Pivetta will likely figure into Boston’s 2024 plans in some way. He’s made himself a versatile piece in the rotation, showing flashes as both a relief pitcher and starter. He knows he lacked consistency mid-season, but pulled it together late.

ADVERTISEMENT:

Whatever role Pivetta ends up with in 2024, he’s leaving everything on the mound to end 2023. Even with no playoff hopes remaining, Pivetta still pitched emotionally. Cora appreciated that aspect of his night as much as the numbers accompanying it.

“That’s what it’s all about,” Cora said. “We owe it to the people, right? We have to keep playing hard, we don’t mind that [emotion].”

Boston finishes off its series against the White Sox at 1:35 p.m. EST Sunday.

Sign up for Red Sox updates⚾

Get breaking news and analysis delivered to your inbox during baseball season.

Submit your email
Enter your email address
Sign up
Conversation
This discussion has ended. Please join elsewhere on Boston.com
In Related News
Red Sox, Garrett Crochet have reportedly discussed contract extension
RED SOX
Liam Hendriks donned T-shirt and shorts for frigid Fenway Park throwing session
RED SOX
Walker Buehler is guaranteed $21 million in contract with Red Sox
Follow Boston.com on Instagram (Opens in a New Tab)
Follow Boston.com on Twitter (Opens in a New Tab)
Like Boston.com on Facebook (Opens in a New Tab)

©2025 BOSTON GLOBE MEDIA PARTNERS, LLC

Tell Us What You Think
DO NOT SELL MY DATA
GAMBLING DISCLAIMER
PRIVACY POLICY
YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
ADVERTISE
TERMS OF SERVICE
MEMBER AGREEMENT
CONTACT US
CAREERS
SITE MAP
Some areas of this page may shift around if you resize the browser window. Be sure to check heading and document order.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.boston.com/sports/boston-red-sox/2023/09/23/mlb-red-sox-pitching-nick-pivetta-alex-cora-highlights-quotes-analysis/ 
 ----- 
