Skip to content
Subscribe Now
27°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCHICAGO WHITE SOX
Luis Robert Jr. made history for the Chicago White Sox then exited, plus more takeaways from the Boston Red Sox series
Michael Dwyer/AP
1 of 3

Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Touki Toussaint pitches against the Boston Red Sox on Sept. 22, 2023, in Boston.

By LAMOND POPE | lpope@chicagotribune.com | Chicago Tribune
UPDATED: September 25, 2023 at 12:26 PM CDT

Gavin Sheets called the conditions “weird.”

The Chicago White Sox made it through the elements to capture their first series win since August with Sunday’s rain-shortened 3-2 victory against the Boston Red Sox in front of 33,399 at Fenway Park.

The game was called after six innings and a delay of 1 hour, 43 minutes because of inclement weather in the area.

“It was just one of those things you grind through,” said Sheets, who went 0-for-1 with a walk, a run and a sacrifice fly. The outfielder also stole the first base of his career.

Sheets scored on a two-run double by Elvis Andrus in the fifth inning as the White Sox took a 2-1 lead. He added the sacrifice fly one inning later.

The White Sox took two of three in the series. It’s their first series victory since Aug. 7-9 against the New York Yankees at Guaranteed Rate Field.

“Our pitching carried us,” Sheets said.

Here are three takeaways from the three games.

1. Luis Robert Jr. added to his impressive season before exiting with knee soreness.

Chicago White Sox’s Luis Robert Jr. plays against the Boston Red Sox on Sept. 23, 2023, in Boston.

Luis Robert Jr. joined rare company when he stole second base during Sunday’s first inning.

It was stolen base No. 20 on the season for Robert, who joined outfielder Magglio Ordoñez as the only players in franchise history to record 35-plus doubles, 30-plus home runs and 20-plus steals in a season.

Robert has 36 doubles and 38 home runs to go with the 20 stolen bases. Ordoñez had 40 doubles, 31 home runs and 25 stolen bases in 2001.

“There’s not a box he doesn’t check on that field,” manager Pedro Grifol said. “He’s still young and getting better and learning and improving and he’s hungry to learn.”

Robert had an awkward slide into second while stealing the base Sunday and left the game one inning later with left knee soreness. The Sox said he will be further evaluated Monday.

“He’s doing all right,” Grifol said. “He’s a little sore, but we won’t know until tomorrow.”

2. Dylan Cease had one of his best outings of the season.

Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Dylan Cease throws to the Boston Red Sox on Sept. 23, 2023, in Boston.

The 11 strikeouts were impressive. But Dylan Cease’s line on Saturday also included no walks.

Cease allowed six hits in seven innings in Saturday’s 1-0 victory. He didn’t factor in the decision, with the game’s lone run coming on a home run to right field by Robert with two outs in the top of the ninth.

Avoiding the walks, Cease said, was “huge.”

“I had command of three pitches,” Cease said after Saturday’s game. “It was coming out hot and (catcher) Korey (Lee) called a great game. Defense did great and I know (the Red Sox) are very disciplined. I knew I had to attack the strike zone and get ahead.”

Cease recorded his 200th strikeout of the season during the game, his third consecutive season reaching the mark. He joined Chris Sale (2013-16) and Hall of Famer Ed Walsh (1910-12) as the only pitchers in White Sox history to record three-plus consecutive seasons of 200 or more strikeouts.

Saturday’s outing was among Cease’s best of the season.

“I’ve been putting in the work, just not necessarily getting the results I wanted,” Cease said. “Just made sure to have a strong process and just kept working and I got a good feel (Saturday). Hopefully we do it again and go into the offseason strong and come and do it a bunch next year.”

3. Starting pitching defined the series.

Chicago White Sox starting pitcher Touki Toussaint pitches against the Boston Red Sox on Sept. 22, 2023, in Boston.

The starting pitching was sharp throughout the series.

Touki Toussaint allowed one run on five hits with two strikeouts and two walks in 6 1/3 innings Friday for the White Sox in a 3-2 loss. The right-hander did not factor in the decision.

“I felt like I attacked hitters, made pitches when I needed to,” Toussaint said after the game. “Got ahead and when I did get behind, got right back in the count.”

Mike Clevinger followed up Cease’s strong start with one of his own Sunday. He allowed two runs on five hits in the six innings and despite the weather-shortened event was credited with the complete game, his second straight.

“Today was really just me and Korey grinding away,” said Clevinger, who relied heavily on his two-seamer.

White Sox starters have a 1.75 ERA in their last eight games.

“Pitching is the name of the game,” Grifol said.

Originally Published: September 24, 2023 at 7:12 PM CDT
Around the Web
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Stair Lift
Prices of Used Cars in Taipei Could Surprise You
Used Cars | Search Ads
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Healthier Living
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
See How Much Nurses Make in The US. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in USA
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
Top 10 Things to Do in South America
Viral Vacation Ideas
Exploring the Most Dangerous Places in the World
Viral Vacation Ideas
10 Money-making Mobile Apps: Start Earning Now
Wish Jobs
12x More Efficient Than Solar Panels? Prepper's Invention Takes Country By Storm
Solar Switch
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Two Aurora gymnastics coaches, including an Olympian, suspended after misconduct investigation
Chicago Teachers Union president mocks CPS chief and apologizes
Editorial: Cool Costco living project gives Chicago a blueprint on housing affordability
Column: Next 4 weeks could define Artūras Karnišovas’ tenure with the Chicago Bulls. Is he up to the challenge?
Donald Trump is planning 100 executive orders starting Day 1 on border, deportations and other priorities
Former high-level assessor’s office employee under Berrios charged with taking bribes from lawyer
Chicago Cubs believe in Miguel Amaya-Carson Kelly tandem as they look to get more production from catchers
Supreme Court to weigh reinstating Obamacare care requirements struck down by lower court
Illinois pair charged in U.S. Steel East Chicago Tin break in
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN CHICAGO WHITE SOX
NY Yankees fans who interfered with Mookie Betts during a World Series game banned from all MLB games
‘I’m more than happy to play a new position every day’: Josh Rojas brings versatility to the Chicago White Sox
Chicago White Sox sign veteran left-hander Martín Pérez to a 1-year deal
‘Everybody has a story’: Cam Booser’s winding path to the White Sox included pitching for the Chicago Dogs
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2023
September
24
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2023/09/24/luis-robert-jr-made-history-for-the-chicago-white-sox-then-exited-plus-more-takeaways-from-the-boston-red-sox-series/ 
 ----- 
