MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Ceddanne Rafaela? Luis Urías? Do Red Sox have solution to second base problem?
By Chad Jennings
Sep 23, 2023

86

BOSTON — The first guy wound up demoted to Triple A. The second guy was sent down a few days later. The third guy stayed in the majors all year but was traded after putting up some of the worst numbers in the big leagues. By Friday night, the Red Sox were using their ninth starting second baseman of the season, and even that guy isn’t likely to stay at the position for long.

Second base has been a revolving door to nowhere for the Red Sox this year. Four times this season, manager Alex Cora was so desperate for some level of production that he started 38-year-old Justin Turner at the position. Turner hadn’t started at second base since 2015.

In a 3-2 win against the White Sox on Friday, the Red Sox tried something new. They started prospect Ceddanne Rafaela at second base for the first time this season. He drove in their first run and scored the tying run in the eighth. Rafaela had played some second base in the low minors and gotten a few innings at the position off the big league bench, but he’s primarily a shortstop and center fielder. Second base adds some versatility, but it’s not likely to be Rafaela’s primary position.

“He’ll play a few (games),” Cora said. “But not every day.”

Rafaela’s best position, Cora reiterated, is center field.

So, who’s going to stabilize second base? It’s a question with a bunch of possibilities and no obvious solutions. Of the nine players who started at second base this season, at least five could very well be back next year. They include utility types, platoon possibilities, and a 26-year-old who’s been a good big-league player in the past but could be a non-tender candidate this offseason.

Luis Urías was the Red Sox’s biggest pick-up at the trade deadline when they bought low after a March hamstring injury seemed to derail his year and cost him a job with the Brewers. Urías’s bat rebounded a bit after the trade — he’s hit just .225 but with a .361 on-base percentage for the Red Sox — and now the team has to decide whether to tender him a contract this offseason.

Urías has two more years of arbitration eligibility, but he’s already making $4.7 million. Each round of arbitration will at least slightly increase that number. A person with knowledge of the Red Sox’s thinking said they’re still discussing what to do about Urías. It’s possible they could non-tender and attempt to re-sign him at a cheaper rate, but the final choice will likely come down to a head of baseball operations who hasn’t even arrived yet. Urías went on the injured list with a calf strain Friday, so he won’t play again this season. The Red Sox have seen all they’re going to see before making their choice.

“I do believe that the injury on Opening Day kind of put him in a bad spot and bad habits offensively,” Cora said. “But you can see the more he played, the at-bats were better. Defensively, great first step, great arm. Good hands turning the double play. A little bit more urgency going to the ball will benefit him, but you can see why he was a good big leaguer with the Brewers a few years ago.”

	Luis Urías had several successful seasons in Milwaukee but couldn’t bring that production to Boston. (Wendell Cruz / USA TODAY)

Is he the solution at second? Otherwise, the Red Sox have left-handed hitters Enmanuel Valdez and David Hamilton, plus right-handed Pablo Reyes. All three have some positional versatility and could make sense in a platoon. Valdez has been an interesting hitter but an underwhelming fielder, Reyes has been a better-than-expected utility man and hit especially well against lefties, and Hamilton has elite speed with a developing bat. He had thumb surgery on Friday, but the Red Sox believe Hamilton showed significant offensive progress before the injury, and some in the organization still feel he has everyday upside.

The other four Red Sox who started at second base this season were Turner, Opening Day second baseman Christian Arroyo and erstwhile shortstops Yu Chang and Kiké Hernández. Arroyo and Chang wound up clearing waivers and being outright to the minors. Hernández was traded to the Dodgers. Connor Wong, Bobby Dalbec and Trevor Story also saw time at second base.

Total production from that group was dismal. The Red Sox ranked 26th in the majors in wRC+ at second base, and they were 23rd in OPS. According to Outs Above Average, they were the majors’ worst fielding team at the second base (minus-14). Defensive Runs Saved was only slightly less damning (29th in the majors at minus-10).

At every other position, this season has offered at least a possible solution for next year. Most of the 2024 infield seems set with Story back at shortstop and Triston Casas and Rafael Devers at the corners. Masataka Yoshida will be back in left field (or designated hitter) while Jarren Duran played his way back into the conversation in center (perhaps with Rafaela). Alex Verdugo has one more year of team control in right field, with Rob Refsnyder and Wilyer Abreu also candidates to play platoon roles in the outfield corners. Connor Wong has emerged behind the plate.

But second base remains unsettled. If top prospect Marcelo Mayer lives up to his potential, he could take over at shortstop in 2025 and move Story back to second base, but that’s not going to happen next season. Nor is Nick Yorke, another high-end prospect, likely to be ready right away next season.

Considering how well he’s played, the possibility of Rafaela is hard to ignore. The Red Sox clearly prefer him in center field — “He’s a game-changer,” Cora said — but second base is a clearer path to playing time at the moment. Cora said the Red Sox leaning against having Rafaela play winter ball, preferring to let him rest this offseason to prepare to play some sort of role at some point next season.

“There’s still work to do, and this is a league (where) they will expose you,” Cora said. “We have to be very careful. But the fact that he’s here, he’s been able to play, he’s been able to play against tough competition this whole month, right? I think it only benefits him. We’ll attack the offseason the right way. We’ll give him a plan, and he’s very disciplined with that. Looking forward to seeing him in spring training and see where it takes us.”

(Photo of Rafaela: Paul Rutherford / Getty Images)

Chad Jennings is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the Boston Red Sox and Major League Baseball. He was on the Red Sox beat previously for the Boston Herald, and before moving to Boston, he covered the New York Yankees for The Journal News and contributed regularly to USA Today. Follow Chad on Twitter @chadjennings22

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4891099/2023/09/22/ceddanne-rafaela-luis-urias-second-base-red-sox/ 
 ----- 
