Copa America

• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Copa America, Group Stage - Group D - Matchweek 3
BRA
1
Wed Jul 3
FT
1
COL
Raphinha 12'
0.29
xG
1.45
D. Muñoz 45'+2'
Match
Live Blog
Discuss
Timeline
Brazil vs Colombia live updates: 1-1 draw sees both sides progress to Copa America knockouts
Follow live reaction to a Copa America draw which saw Colombia top Group D and Brazil progress to the knockouts as runners-up
Michael Dominski
July 3, 2024 at 4:30 AM UTC
Getty Images
Luke Brown
·
Managing Editor, Global Live
Result — Brazil 1-1 Colombia
Brazil and Colombia draw 1-1 at Copa America
Colombia top Group D, Brazil finish in second
Colombia to play Panama, Brazil get Uruguay
Costa Rica beat Paraguay 2-1 in other Group D game
Costa Rica and Paraguay both eliminated
July 3, 2024 at 4:30 AM UTC
Jack Lang
·
Football Writer
How will Brazil cope without Vinicius Jr?

Getty Images

Four Brazil players were walking a disciplinary tightrope at kickoff and it did not take long for one of them to fall off it. There were just six minutes on the clock when James Rodriguez flicked the ball over the head of Vinicius Jr in midfield and collapsed in a heap. Vinicius looked flabbergasted when referee Jesus Valenzuela produced a yellow card — one that means he will now be suspended for Brazil’s quarterfinal date with Uruguay.

His absence is clearly a big deal. Vinicius is not just an excellent player; he is increasingly seen as this side’s talisman, the man teammates and fans look to when the going gets tough. His importance has only been accentuated by the indifferent form of Rodrygo, his Real Madrid colleague, who again struggled to make much of an impression here.

Dorival Júnior, then, has some tough calls to make. One option is to shift Rodrygo out to the left and play Endrick through the middle. Alternatively, there are a few natural wingers that could swap straight in. Gabriel Martinelli and Pepe both enjoy playing on the left, but the most likely stand-in is probably Savio, who did well in Brazil’s first two matches.

No single option is perfect. Rodrygo doesn’t offer the same speed and penetration as Vinicius out wide. Martinelli is out of form. Pepe is untested. Savio is left-footed, so that would require a rejig of Brazil’s attacking patterns. Decisions, decisions, decisions…

GO FURTHER

Brazil 1-1 Colombia takeaways: Uruguay awaits Brazil, Colombia tops Group D

July 3, 2024 at 4:14 AM UTC
Thom Harris
How good has James Rodriguez been?

Getty Images

On the money. Every time.

There’s something about the way James Rodriguez floats in a set piece – strolling up the ball, flicking his foot to send it spinning towards the six-yard box, but hanging it in the air just long enough to keep the goalkeeper at bay – that makes it incredibly hard to resist.

He has created seven chances from set pieces already at the Copa America; only three players have created more opportunities of any kind, full-stop. And he would have had a third dead-ball assist in an enthralling first half against Brazil if it weren’t for the ruthless geometry of VAR. You’ll often see him trotting from one side of the pitch to the other to take consecutive corners, but the fans are happy to wait.

There’s variety in Rodriguez’s set-piece armoury too. After eight minutes, the 32-year-old sent a wicked free kick careering towards goal, only for it to glance off the crossbar and out of play. It’s a shame it was overshadowed by Raphinha’s effort barely five minutes on.

Then, from a crossing position, he suddenly switches technique; quickly closing his body to try to catch Alisson out. Of course, he very nearly did.

Even if he has lost a yard of pace, Rodriguez always feels like he’s a step ahead. Drifting around behind the two strikers – doing, essentially, whatever he likes – he makes this excellent Colombia side tick.

GO FURTHER

Brazil 1-1 Colombia takeaways: Uruguay awaits Brazil, Colombia tops Group D

July 3, 2024 at 3:58 AM UTC
Stuart James
·
Football Writer
Was this the best match of the tournament so far?

Getty Images

We’ve been waiting for a game like this at the Copa America – two heavyweights going head to head – and it didn’t disappoint. It was edge-of-the-seat stuff from the first minute – breathless, intense and played like a knockout tie.

The game wasn’t always pretty – 17 fouls and four yellow cards in the first half alone – but that didn’t take anything away from a spectacle that was lit up by an outstanding Raphinha free kick to give Brazil the lead. Colombia were still in the dressing room – Nestor Lorenzo’s side caught cold by Brazil’s electric start. That Colombia responded so well said everything about their quality as well as their resilience. It’s 26 games unbeaten now.

In that respect the game lived up to the hype – both teams had chances to snatch victory in the dying minutes – and there’s every possibility that we’ll be treated to a rematch in the semifinals, given the way the draw works. Few neutrals will complain if that turns out to be the case.

GO FURTHER

Brazil 1-1 Colombia takeaways: Uruguay awaits Brazil, Colombia tops Group D

July 3, 2024 at 3:43 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Argentines on Argentines

All four of the teams that finished as group winners at Copa America – Argentina, Venezuela, Uruguay and Colombia – are coached by an Argentine.

Felipe Cardenas dove into this pattern at the outset of the tournament, check out his report below to learn more.

GO FURTHER

Why are so many of the coaches at Copa America from Argentina?

July 3, 2024 at 3:39 AM UTC
Thom Harris
Lorenzo: Lerma's suspension could have been avoided

Getty Images

After the match, Colombia manager Néstor Lorenzo spoke about Jefferson Lerma's yellow card that leaves him suspended for the quarterfinal: "Lerma's yellow card could have been avoided. It's something that we've talked about a lot, a lot with the team. It's the bitter note we take from today. There are instinctive reactions that we have to control in a different way."

GO FURTHER

Late tackles, cynical fouls and winding players up: ‘Unbelievable’ Lerma’s 17 yellow cards dissected

July 3, 2024 at 3:35 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Brazil forced into going long

Fifteen percent of Brazil's passes tonight were long balls, the highest share for the team in a match since March 2015 when they recorded 18 percent in a friendly against Chile.

July 3, 2024 at 3:33 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Quarterfinal schedule
Argentina vs Ecuador: Thursday at 9pm ET, 6pm PT
Venezuela vs Canada: Friday at 9pm ET, 6pm PT
Panama vs Colombia: Saturday at 6pm ET, 3pm PT
Brazil vs Uruguay: Saturday at 9pm ET, 6pm PT

We'll have live coverage of all the Copa America knockout matches right here on The Athletic!

July 3, 2024 at 3:26 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Match stats

Opta

Brazil 1-1 Colombia

Expected goals: 0.31 - 1.17
Shots: 7 - 13
Shots on goal: 3 - 6
Saves: 5 - 2
Chances created: 4 - 6
Possession: 51% - 49%
Corners: 6 - 5
Offsides: 1 - 2
Fouls: 14 - 19
Yellow cards: 3 - 2
July 3, 2024 at 3:20 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Brazil unbeaten in third straight group stage at Copa America

Brazil are now unbeaten in their past 10 Copa America group-stage matches, dating back to the beginning of the 2019 edition of the tournament.

That matches the longest unbeaten run in Copa America group matches in Brazilian history, set from 1993 to 1999.

July 3, 2024 at 3:16 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Colombia keep rolling on

Colombia's unbeaten run that began in February 2022 now stands at 26 matches, comprised of 20 wins and six draws.

While they were perfectly happy to accept a draw tonight, failing to win does mean they have missed out on the opportunity to record consecutive victories against Brazil for the first time ever.

July 3, 2024 at 3:14 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Suspensions for Vinicius Jr, Lerma

Both Brazil and Colombia had a player pick up their second booking of the tournament tonight.

Vinicius Junior and Jefferson Lerma will both be unavailable for their teams' respective quarterfinals as they serve one-match suspensions.

You'd back Colombia to beat Panama without Lerma, but Brazil will sorely miss Vinicius Jr when they face Uruguay...

July 3, 2024 at 3:12 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Copa America knockout bracket

And so with the group stage coming to an end, our knockout bracket is set.

Brazil vs Uruguay is the clear standout match of the quarterfinals, what a game that will be on Saturday in Nevada!

July 3, 2024 at 3:09 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Group D final standings

The difference at the top of Group D ultimately proves to be Brazil's goalless draw with Costa Rica. Colombia prevailed where Brazil didn't and so it's them who finish in first place.

July 3, 2024 at 3:07 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Instant reaction to Brazil 1-1 Colombia

Jack Lang, Stu James and Thom Harris have brought us their takeaways from tonight's match at Levi's Stadium, including:

Was this the best match of the tournament so far?
How good has James Rodriguez been?
How will Brazil cope without Vinicius Junior?

Follow the link below to check out their breakdown!

GO FURTHER

Brazil 1-1 Colombia takeaways: Uruguay awaits Brazil, Colombia tops Group D

July 3, 2024 at 3:04 AM UTC
Mario Cortegana
·
Football Writer, Real Madrid
Brazil fail to build momentum

Brazil have failed to build on the good momentum generated by their big win in the second match against Paraguay. Their performance tonight was more similar to their first match when they were shut out by Costa Rica, albeit against a much stronger opponent.

Uruguay await them... and without Vinicius Jr, who is suspended. The tournament is not looking good for Dorival Junior's side.

July 3, 2024 at 3:02 AM UTC
Stuart James
·
Football Writer
Colombia demonstrate their self-belief

The way that Colombia responded after a really poor start – Brazil deserved their early lead – says everything about the belief in their squad. Their long unbeaten run goes on (26 matches and counting) and, crucially, they've topped the group and avoided a quarterfinal against Uruguay.

July 3, 2024 at 3:01 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
FT: Costa Rica 2-1 Paraguay

Getty Images

It's not enough for Costa Rica to advance to the knockouts but they cap a solid Copa America with a win, while Paraguay fail to take a single point.

July 3, 2024 at 2:59 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
FT: Brazil 1-1 Colombia

Getty Images

Brazil had a corner coming but the referee has whistled an end to the match, prompting an angry response from Dorival Junior and leading the Brazil players to surround the ref.

July 3, 2024 at 2:58 AM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Pereira forces save from Vargas

90+5' Brazil 1-1 Colombia

Brazil are frantically pressing for a winner and Pereira nearly delivers it! The ball comes to him in space at the top of the box. He hits a strong shot first-time but Vargas sees it the whole way and is able to tip it over the crossbar.

Load more updates
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/live-blogs/brazil-colombia-live-updates-2024-copa-america-score-result/1ZdaxfZ1vRyf/ 
 ----- 
