SCORES
LATEST
News and Features
News
Transfers
Opinion
Analysis
Power Rankings
Player Ratings
Winners & Losers
GOAL USA SOCIAL
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
GOAL USA Video
The Rondo
Studs Up
Kit Collector
GOAL Global Social
YouTube
Instagram
TikTok
X
Facebook
Culture and Lifestyle
GOAL Champions
GOAL Editions
Culture
Kits
Boots
Buyers' Guides
Gaming
Quizzes
COMPETITIONS
Leagues & Cups
MLS
NWSL
Premier League
La Liga
Bundesliga
Serie A
Ligue 1
Liga MX
UEFA Champions League
USL Championship
USL Super League
2025 FIFA Club World Cup
2026 FIFA World Cup
Clubs
Inter Miami
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Manchester City
Manchester United
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
AC Milan
Juventus
PSG
Wrexham
International
USMNT
Canada
Mexico
Argentina
Brazil
Colombia
Chile
England
Spain
France
Italy
Germany
Women's Football
Latest news
USWNT
NWSL
USL Super League
UWCL
WSL
PLAYERS
Lionel Messi
Christian Pulisic
Alex Morgan
Cristiano Ronaldo
Kylian Mbappe
Erling Haaland
Tim Weah
Weston McKennie
Sophia Smith
Trinity Rodman
Folarin Balogun
Giovanni Reyna
BETTING
INDIVISA
MUNDIAL
STREAMING
Schedule, Channels & more
TV Schedule
Where to Watch
Streaming services
Sling TV
Fubo TV
Apple TV+
Paramount+
DirecTV
ESPN+
Hulu+
Peacock TV
Best VPN Services
Best Streaming Services
Best Streaming Devices
Best Cable Providers
GOALSTUDIO
This page contains affiliate links. When you purchase through the links provided, we may earn a commission.
Getty
Chris Burton
Jun 27, 2024 14:02+00:00
'What have I done to deserve this?!' - What Harry Kane will be thinking amid trophy struggles as England told NOT to drop their captain at Euro 2024
H. Kane
England
Bayern Munich
European Championship
Bundesliga

Harry Kane will be asking himself “what have I done to deserve this” after seeing his trophyless run continue at Bayern Munich, says Darren Anderton.

Article continues below
Striker left Tottenham in summer of 2023
Finished 44-goal season empty-handed
Chasing down honours with Three Lions
WHAT HAPPENED?

The prolific England international severed career-long ties with Tottenham in the summer of 2023 in a bid to break his silverware duck. Bundesliga giants were considered to be as close to a guarantee of major honours as it is possible to find, but they ended Kane’s debut campaign in Germany – which delivered 44 goals across all competitions – empty-handed.

Advertisement
NEXT MATCH
Club Friendlies
BAYERN MUNICH
6 Jan 2025
10:30
GREUTHER FUERTH
Match Preview
Getty
WHAT ANDERTON SAID

Kane my be feeling a little cursed, but former Spurs star Anderton has – speaking in association with William Hill – told GOAL when asked if the 30-year-old frontman will finally get to savour that winning feeling: “You have got to feel sorry for him. What a great guy, what a player, what a loyal player to Spurs for all those years. I don’t blame him. It was almost the easy option to go to Munich, win something and maybe come back. I wish he was there now, the way that Ange [Postecoglou] plays, that would be amazing. I think he will [win a trophy]. I really hope for him that he does. Someone with that much quality, and has done that much as an individual, deserves it. Maybe this summer!”

THE BIGGER PICTURE

Quizzed on whether the lack of silverware - alongside the endless questions that said barren spell continues to deliver - will be annoying Kane, ex-Three Lions star Anderton added: “I think it will really annoy him this year, the way it happened. He’s done great at Munich, people in Germany love him, he has been outstanding. But of course Xabi Alonso’s team [Bayer Leverkusen] have come along and done something unthinkable. He must be, inside, saying ‘what have I done to deserve this?’ There’s no doubt that he has got to be thinking that. He is a very level-headed guy, but that’s got to gnaw away at you.”

Getty
DID YOU KNOW?

Kane is currently on Euro 2024 duty with England, as another trophy quest presents itself there. He has registered one goal through three group stage games, but has also faced suggestions of being dropped as Gareth Southgate struggles to find a spark. Anderton said when asked if Kane is the type of player that is never benched, regardless of how they are playing: “It’s a tough one. It’s difficult to bench him, for sure. I think when [Ollie] Watkins came on the other night [against Denmark], and made that little run behind – which is what we have been crying out for – it definitely made people sit up and be like ‘okay, maybe, something different’. Your captain, your goalscorer, I think it’s very difficult to drop him. I’d like to see him do more where he makes those runs in behind, especially if we aren’t going to play an [Anthony] Gordon or someone that will run behind and stretch the pitch, so all of those quality players that we have got can go and play in that hole behind him. At the moment we are very easy to play against, not a lot of movement. I’d say that he has to stay in the team, but I would like to stretch the pitch and ask him to try and do it himself.”

TELL ME MORE

Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo are among those to enjoy an almost untouchable standing for club and country, with Kane seemingly in that bracket. Pressed on whether that has become the case, with England prepared to turn a blind eye to the odd dip in form as they know what their all-time leading goalscorer can do on any given day, Anderton said: “I think so. He’s your talisman, your goalscorer – scored 50 goals this season for Bayern and England and is always going to score goals. You have got to create chances for him. We are pretty dull to watch. There has been zero creativity. He’s that important to us. He has got that quality – that international quality, and it’s a different game when you get chances at that level. In the first game [against Serbia] the keeper made a great save, he got his goal in the second game [versus Denmark]. I think we are going to get better – we have to. The last Euros, when we got to the final, we didn’t play entertaining, we got the job done. Gareth has highlighted that when he said Kalvin Phillips is the missing link. That doesn’t bode well, if that’s the difference between doing well or not.”

Getty
WHAT NEXT?

England have seen another draw open up in front of them at this summer's European Championship, having enjoyed similar fortune at the 2018 World Cup and Euro 2020, with Slovakia next on the agenda for them in the last-16. The likes of Spain, Germany, Portugal and France are all on the other side of the draw, meaning that a shot at the ultimate prize could open up for Kane and Co if they are able to start building confidence and momentum.

Contact Us
Advertise
Terms of Service
Privacy policy
Careers
Goal App (Android)
Goal App (iOS)
Goal Live
Betting
USA
International (English)
Arabic (العربية)
Argentina (Español)
Australia (English)
Bahrain (English)
Brasil (Português)
Cameroon (English)
Chile (Español)
Colombia (Español)
Dutch (Nederlands)
Egypt (العربية)
France (Français)
Germany (Deutsch)
Ghana (English)
Hungary (Magyar)
India (English)
Indonesia (Indonesia)
Italy (Italiano)
Japanese (日本語)
Kenya (English)
Korea (한국어)
Kuwait (English)
Malaysia (English)
Mexico (Español)
Nigeria (English)
Oman (English)
Qatar (English)
Saudi Arabia (العربية)
Saudi Arabia (English)
Singapore (English)
South Africa (English)
Spain (Español)
Tanzania (English)
Thailand (ไทย)
Turkiye (Türkçe)
Uganda (English)
United Arab Emirates (English)
United Kingdom (English)
USA (English)
Vietnam (Tiếng Việt)
Copyright © 2024 Goal All rights reserved. The information contained in Goal may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Goal

We've Got You Covered!

From today's best stories in soccer to handpicked exclusive features -- all direct to your inbox.

Your email
I accept Footballco’s Terms Of Use and its Privacy Policy.
Sign up to the GOAL newsletter!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.goal.com/en-us/lists/what-done-deserve-this-what-harry-kane-thinking-trophy-struggles-england-not-drop-captain-euro-2024/blt352f669d91dad948 
 ----- 
