Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
Betting News How to Bet Sportsbook Reviews Podcasts Covers Videos Covers Writers
Brazil vs Colombia Odds, Picks & Predictions: Expect Plenty of Goals on Day 13 of Copa America 2024
Tom Oldfield • Betting Analyst
Jul 1, 2024 • 12:42 ET • 4 min read
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

The top spot in Group D is on the line as Brazil and Colombia collide in Santa Clara on July 2, with El Selecao needing the three points to avoid a second-place finish.

The Brazilians rebounded from a disappointing goalless draw with Costa Rica by thumping Paraguay 4-1 on Friday behind a Vinicius Jr. double, and they enter as favorites here in the latest Copa America 2024 odds.

My Brazil vs. Colombia prediction expects plenty more goals to come in this tilt.

Brazil vs Colombia picks, predictions, and betting tips

My best bet:
Over 2.5 (+105 at Betano)

My analysis
"Good things are coming for Brazilian football once again,"

That was Dorival Junior’s verdict after the classy win over Paraguay, and there was no denying Brazil moved through the gears more impressively than in their opening Copa America fixture. 

The Brazilians raced into a 3-0 half-time lead on Friday, and I expect that ruthlessness to carry over into this Group D decider — making Over 2.5 goals an attractive pick.

With Savio making an impact on the right of the front three and linking up with Vini Jr. and Rodrygo, El Selecao looked slicker and more incisive. They’ve now netted three or more goals in three of their last five outings.

But Colombia’s group stage performances have showcased good things of their own. Their five goals have come from five different scorers, and the direct style of Luis Diaz should stretch the Brazil back four.

Their hot streak in the final third extends back to the start of 2024. Nestor Lorenzo’s men have netted three or more goals in four of their past five contests, including a 5-1 victory over the USMNT in the lead-up to this tournament.

With Brazil chasing three points for the chance to leapfrog Colombia in the group standings, I don’t see this game drifting into a pedestrian stalemate. Nor are the Colombians likely to sit back, considering they had 64% of the possession against Costa Rica.

There are scoring threats on both benches, too, from Brazil’s Endrick and Raphinha to Colombia’s Jhon Duran and Rafael Borré.

A quarterfinal against surging Uruguay likely awaits the runner-up in Group D, and both teams should be eager to avoid that test. I’m predicting an open, attacking matchup.

Rodrygo odds, prop for today

My best bet
Anytime goalscorer (+220 at Betano)

My analysis
Despite being kept off the scoresheet in both games so far, Rodrygo is set for a big role, whether he gets on the ball in more central areas as a false No. 9 or drifts out to the wings.

Trends point to Rodrygo testing Colombia keeper Camilo Vargas. The Real Madrid man has had 14 shots across his last three outings for Brazil, and I’m jumping on these odds for him to pop up with a crucial strike here.

Brazil vs Colombia same-game parlay (SGP)

Over 2.5

Brazil moneyline

Over 8.5 shots on target

+300 at Betano

This feels like a tighter battle than the odds suggest, and it’s somewhat surprising to see Colombia as a +360 underdog. The Brazilians' struggles to break through in their tournament opener served as a wake-up call, and we saw a better reflection of their collective talent against Paraguay.

While I don’t expect the Colombians to be fazed by the task ahead of them here, especially after snatching a 2-1 victory against Brazil last November, I prefer to trust El Selecao to grind out the win they need to top Group D.

The Over on 8.5 shots on target also offers real value. Neither team is shy about letting fly. Both managed 17 shots in Friday’s fixtures, and I see enough of those working the keepers to cash this prop.  

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

The Beautiful Game Lives at Betano this Summer

Make your plays with one of Ontario's best sportsbooks, as Betano offers a wide variety of markets — and same-game parlays — covering every major national and club competition.

The game starts now!

Sign Up Now  

Learn more by reading our comprehensive Betano sportsbook review.

Brazil vs Colombia odds
Brazil		Colombia
-115	Moneyline	+360
Over 2.5 (+105)	Total	Under 2.5 (-128)
+265	Draw	+265

Odds courtesy of Betano on 7-1

Brazil vs Colombia game info
Location:	Levi's Stadium, Santa Clara, CA
Date:	Tuesday, July 2, 2024
Time:	9:00 p.m. ET
TV:	FS2
Weather:	Warm, dry conditions, with temperatures in the high 70s

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.

Pages related to this topic
Soccer Betting Sites
World Cup betting sites
College football betting sites
Women's World Cup betting sites
   
Tom Oldfield
Betting Analyst

Tom Oldfield’s sports writing journey over the past 20 years has taken him from the Premier League and Champions League to the NFL, NBA, WNBA and MLB, with a wide range of articles and betting previews. Tom has worked closely with London’s Sportsbeat sports news agency as well as (thrillingly!) covering the Toronto Raptors’ 2019 NBA championship run, and he has appeared on BBC World Service and The Back Page podcast.

A graduate of the University of Nottingham in the UK, he is the author of biographies on Cristiano Ronaldo, Rafael Nadal, Gary Neville and Cesc Fabregas, and he co-authors a long-running series of children’s soccer books with his brother, Matt.

As a regular bettor across the top sports leagues, particularly with FanDuel and bet365, he is well versed on all the major markets and the next big game is rarely far from his thoughts. The best betting advice he has received is to monitor multiple sportsbooks to grab the best possible value.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Star player prop
Same-game parlay
Odds
Game info
Popular Content
 Wolves vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 25, 2024
 Liverpool vs Leicester City Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 25, 2024
 Tottenham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 20, 2024
 Crystal Palace vs Arsenal Predictions & Picks for Saturday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 20, 2024
 Tottenham vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Thursday's EFL Cup Match
Sam Farley | Dec 18, 2024
 2024-25 EPL Title Odds: Chelsea Closing in on Liverpool
Chris Vasile | Dec 17, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2024 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/soccer/brazil-vs-colombia-prediction-picks-7-2-2024 
 ----- 
