Latest
U.S.
L.A. Wildfires
World
America Decides
Politics
Entertainment
HealthWatch
MoneyWatch
Crime
Space
Sports
Brand Studio
Local News
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
Live
CBS News 24/7
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Chicago
Colorado
Detroit
Los Angeles
Miami
Minnesota
New York
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
Texas
48 Hours
60 Minutes
Shows
48 Hours
60 Minutes
America Decides
CBS Evening News
CBS Mornings
CBS Morning News
CBS Reports
CBS Saturday Morning
The Daily Report
The Dish
Eye on America
Face the Nation
Here Comes the Sun
Person to Person
Sunday Morning
The Takeout
The Uplift
Weekender
CBS News Investigates
CBS Village
Podcasts
In Depth
Newsletters
Download Our App
CBS News Team
Executive Team
Brand Studio
Paramount Shop
Paramount+
Join Our Talent Community
RSS Feeds
A Moment With...
Innovators & Disruptors
Economy 4.0
PHILADELPHIA
News
Weather
Sports
Video
CBS Philadelphia Shows
34°

Watch CBS News

SPORTS
Castellanos hits go-ahead 2-run homer, Marsh hits 3-run shot in Phillies' 5-4 win over Braves

August 29, 2024 / 9:54 PM EDT / AP

Nick Castellanos hit a go-ahead two-run homer in the seventh inning, Brandon Marsh hit a three-run shot in the sixth and the Philadelphia Phillies built on their NL East lead with a 5-4 win over the Atlanta Braves on Thursday night.

The Phillies hold a six-game lead over the Braves for the division crown after taking the opener of a four-game series.

It got fun late for Philly.

Braves starter Charlie Morton allowed the leadoff runner to reach in five of the first six innings and struggled to throw strikes but was bailed out by a Philadelphia offense that wasted runners in scoring position.

That is until Marsh went deep the other way to left field off Morton for his 14th homer of the year that made it 4-3 in the sixth.

Castellanos, perhaps the most consistent Phillies slugger in the second half of the season, crushed a two-out homer to center off Grant Holmes (2-1) that got a rise out of the 40,000-plus fans in attendance and put the Phillies up 5-4 in the seventh.

Orion Kerkering (3-2) struck out two in 1 1/3 scoreless innings of relief for the win. Jeff Hoffman worked the ninth for his 10th save.

The Phillies appeared on cruise control toward the NL East title after opening with the best 60-game start of any team since the 2001 Seattle Mariners. They slumped through the summer and their series against the Braves — a team the Phillies eliminated from the playoffs each of the last two years — suddenly took on greater meaning.

"There's a lot on the line for both teams," Phillies manager Rob Thomson said ahead of the game. "A good rivalry. One of the better rivalries in baseball right now. It's going to be a fun weekend."

Matt Olson homered twice for the Braves, including a 450-foot two-run drive over the batter's eye in deep center field in the third.

All-Star Cristopher Sánchez got an extra day of rest to prepare for the Braves and turned in a decent outing. He was hampered by shortstop Trea Turner's error in the third inning that set up Olson's 24th homer of the year for a 3-0 lead.

Orlando Arcia, a noted Phillies' tormentor, had an RBI double in the second. Sánchez was chased after he allowed seven hits and four runs in 5 2/3 innings.

Philadelphia's slow start came a day after the Phillies were no-hit into the eighth inning and lost 10-0 to Houston. The loss also forced struggling pitcher Taijuan Walker out of the rotation and into the bullpen in a long-relief role for the rest of the season.

Olson added his 25th homer of the year on a solo shot off Sánchez in the sixth for his 24th career multi-homer game.

TRAINER'S ROOM

Phillies 3B Alec Bohm left the game after the second inning with left-hand discomfort. Bohm appeared to hurt his hand on an awkward swing in his first at-bat of the game. Edmundo Sosa took over for Bohm.

UP NEXT

The Braves send RHP Reynaldo López (7-4, 2.02 ERA) to the mound against Phillies LHP Ranger Suárez (11-5, 2.82 ERA).

More from CBS News
Eagles vs. Packers: How to watch and what to know before the Wild Card round
Without Embiid again, Sixers fall to Magic, 104-99
Flyers beat Ducks 6-0 in Gauthier's first visit to Philly since being traded
Eagles QB Jalen Hurts clears final hurdle in return from concussion
In: MLB Philadelphia Phillies Sports Atlanta Braves Philadelphia

© 2024 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.

©2025 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Manage Cookies
CBS Philadelphia
News
Sports
Weather
Entertainment
Video
Contests & Promotions
Program Guide
Contact Us / Closed Captioning Information
Sitemap
Download Our App
Advertise
CBS Television Jobs
Public File for KYW-TV / CBS Philadelphia
Public File for WPSG / Philly 57
Public Inspection File Help
FCC Applications
EEO Report
 
 
 
Be the first to know
Get browser notifications for breaking news, live events, and exclusive reporting.
Not Now
Turn On
Review and Manage Your Cookie Settings
If you consent, we and our 138 partners can store and access personal information on your device to provide a more personalised browsing experience. This is accomplished through processing personal data collected from browsing data stored in cookies. You can provide/withdraw consent and object to processing based on a legitimate interest at any time by clicking on the ‘Manage’ button.
For more information refer Privacy Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Store and/or access information on a device. Use limited data to select advertising. Create profiles for personalised advertising. Use profiles to select personalised advertising. Measure advertising performance. Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources. Develop and improve services. Use limited data to select content.
List of Partners

Accept Reject
Manage
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cbsnews.com/philadelphia/news/philadelphia-phillies-atlanta-braves-5-4/ 
 ----- 
