Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Jordan Hawkins #24 of the New Orleans Pelicans dribbles at Houston on Tuesday.
Pelicans practice report: Jordan Hawkins displayed increased aggressiveness in preseason
Second-year guard led New Orleans in scoring average, trips to foul line
Jim Eichenhofer
October 17, 20243:06 PM CDT

If Crescent City basketball fans were given a handful of guesses to name which New Orleans player led his team in free throw attempts during the three-game preseason, it’s possible the team’s lottery pick from 2023 might not even garner a mention. After all, the Pelicans’ attack features paint monster Zion Williamson, as well as several other offensive weapons who frequently put up big scoring numbers.

Those added points are becoming a near-lock, with the UConn product going 13/14 at the foul line in preseason, after he shot 84 percent there in 2023-24. He drew several fouls on jumpers in preseason, as defenders ran at him and got too close to his landing space.

“I’m trying to get fouled as much as possible, and get free points,” a smiling Hawkins said after Thursday’s practice.

Yet with 14 trips to the foul line in his 56 preseason minutes, second-year guard Jordan Hawkins topped New Orleans in that category by a wide margin (Dejounte Murray and Malcolm Hill tied for second with eight free throws apiece). Hawkins posted a team-high exhibition average of 16.3 points vs. Orlando, Miami and Houston, with his assertiveness leading to explosive stretches (16-point quarter vs. the Rockets) and plenty of chances to pick up points via charity tosses.

“The defense respects my jump shot. If they’re late, I can just pump fake and get to the paint,” Hawkins said of his increase in free throws. “I know if they run real hard at me, they’re going to have to foul me.”

Hawkins noted that he’s starting Year 2 of his NBA career with a more assertive approach on the floor.

“I’m being more aggressive this year, getting to my spots more efficiently,” said Hawkins, who is trying to change speeds more frequently to catch defenses off balance.

Other notes after Thursday’s practice:

Head coach Willie Green on the team’s preparation lineup-wise for the regular season: “This week (and) next week we’ll be working on some lineups that we’ll see that first game (vs. Chicago on Oct. 23). We’re getting closer and closer (to determining the starting lineup against the Bulls).” …

Hawkins on playing with guard Dejounte Murray in the backcourt: “Dejounte is great. I think he helps me a lot. I get a lot of open shots off him, because he’s really a pure point guard. People see him as a scorer, but he can really pass the ball at a high level. It’s going to be real fun. I’m going to get to my spots, and I know he’s going to find me.”

Tags
DEJOUNTE MURRAY
JORDAN HAWKINS
Related Articles
Pelicans practice report: Jordan Hawkins displayed increased aggressiveness in preseason
Antonio Daniels on preseason finale, regular season excitement | Pelicans Podcast
Gulf Coast Sports & Entertainment Network Q&A: Pelicans play-by-play broadcaster Joel Meyers
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Dejounte Murray
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/pelicans-practice-report-jordan-hawkins-displayed-increased-aggressiveness-in-preseason 
 ----- 
