Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
New Orleans Pelicans
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
PHOTOS
GAME NIGHT
COMMUNITY
SHOP
ACCOUNT MANAGER
WATCH
504‑525‑4667
Brandon Ingram #14 of the New Orleans Pelicans shoots a three-pointer at Houston on Tuesday.
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Brandon Ingram
Forward has helped Pelicans improve winning percentage for all five of his New Orleans seasons
Jim Eichenhofer
October 18, 20249:00 AM CDT

When Brandon Ingram arrived in New Orleans five years ago via a blockbuster transaction with the Los Angeles Lakers, the Pelicans were coming off a chaotic, disastrous 33-49 season, lowlighted by a public trade demand from their perennial All-Star. Not only did Ingram immediately earn the NBA’s Most Improved award in 2019-20, but he’s significantly contributed to New Orleans’ increase in winning percentage in all five of his seasons here.

Of course, among the next steps for Ingram and the Pelicans are a) avoiding the Western Conference play-in bracket by capturing a top-six seed and b) succeeding on the playoff stage, where their last victory came during a 2022 first-round series vs. Phoenix.

“Every season we’ve gotten better,” said Ingram, a 2020 NBA All-Star. “We’re going to try to build on that.”

At 23.1 points per game in 287 career appearances with New Orleans, the Duke product is a reliable offensive player and one of the NBA’s most potent mid-range scorers, but a goal for 2024-25 is to become a more prolific three-point shooter. His attempts from distance have actually decreased over the past three seasons, the opposite of the leaguewide trend.

“It’s something I thought about over the summer,” Ingram said of altering his shot diet. “I know it’s important for our team to succeed. I’m ready for it.”

While Ingram expects to spend more time firing from 23-plus feet, the Pelicans also understand that it’s still vital to lean on his multiple offensive strengths.

“I mean, he’s (6-foot-8) and can do everything,” point guard Dejounte Murray said of Ingram’s versatility. “With a guy like that, with his size, you just put him in spots and let him work. Put him at the elbow, the top of the key, the blocks. His size and how well he shoots in that area, and knowing he’s a willing passer … making his job easier makes our job easier. He’s going to force a lot of double (teams), which will allow us to get open shots.”

During Nashville training camp and Tuesday’s preseason game at Houston, Ingram appeared to be making the adjustment to launching more long-range shots, going 2/3 against the Rockets in his 21 minutes.

“He looks more comfortable, and it’s going in,” point guard Jose Alvarado said of Ingram’s perimeter looks. “He’s shooting threes on fast breaks. He’s expanding his game, but still being BI.”

“It’s an area of growth, something he worked on all summer,” head coach Willie Green said of Ingram’s threes. “He knows that unlocks other components to his game.”

In addition to his MIP award and 2020 All-Star berth, Ingram’s Crescent City resume includes a 27-6-6 stat line in the ’22 playoffs, as well as a red-hot, late-season surge in ’23 that pushed the Pelicans into the postseason (with Zion Williamson sidelined in each instance). Ingram’s struggles in the ’24 playoffs vs. Oklahoma City were an outlier, after he’d recently returned to the lineup from a March knee injury.

Asked for his 2024-25 expectations of Ingram on Media Day, Pelicans Executive Vice President of Basketball Operations David Griffin alluded to the player’s track record with the franchise.

“My expectation is that he’s going to do what he’s always done,” Griffin said, “and that’s deliver for us.”

Tags
BRANDON INGRAM
Related Articles
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Brandon Ingram
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Zion Williamson
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Daniel Theis
Pelicans 2024 preseason profile: Jordan Hawkins
GAME DAY
Account Manager
A to Z Fan Guide
Know Before You Go
Mobile Tickets
Mobile App
Smoothie King Center
NEWS
Latest News
Videos
Photos
Summer League
Draft
Pelicans Podcast
Game Notes
Live
COMMUNITY
Donation Requests
Pelicans Crib Club
Entertainment Inquiries
TEAM
Broadcasting
Contact Us
Standings
Stats
Executives
Team Leaders
Team Roster
PelSquad
TICKETS
Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Premium Experience
Group Tickets
Single Tickets
Ticket Offers and Discounts
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/pelicans/news/pelicans-2024-preseason-profile-brandon-ingram 
 ----- 
