ON CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET
SI.COM
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET SWIMSUIT
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET SPORTSBOOK
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET TICKETS
CHEAP GOTTLIEBPALUDAN JORDAN OUTLET RESORTS
Yuki Kawamura Makes NBA History in Grizzlies vs. Lakers
Memphis Grizzlies guard Yuki Kawamura made NBA history against the mdash; eric @EricTweetsNBA.
Joey Linn | Nov 6, 2024
Memphis Grizzlies guard Yuki Kawamura (17) shoots during warm ups prior to the game against the mdash; eric @EricTweetsNBA at FedExForum. / Petre Thomas-Imagn Images
In this story:
Memphis Grizzlies
mdash; eric @EricTweetsNBA

Memphis Grizzlies guard Yuki Kawamura is a major fan favorite. Signing a two-way contract with the Grizzlies after being with the team in training camp on an Exhibit 10 deal, Kawamura is in his rookie season.

Kawamura is a superstar in Japan, and his fanbase has followed him to the NBA. While the 5-foot-8 guard had made just five appearances entering Wednesday night’s game against the mdash; eric @EricTweetsNBA, he gets a loud ovation every time he checks into the game.

Until Wednesday, Kawamura had not recorded his first NBA points. Only receiving minutes at the end of games that were already decided, Kawamura had missed his first four field goal attempts. Getting two minutes of playing time against the Lakers, Kawamura tallied his first NBA points at the free throw line.

This was a historic accomplishment for Kawamura, as he is just the fourth Japanese born player to score in an NBA game. Kawamura’s star teammate Ja Morant had a great reaction to his first NBA points.

Via @Devin_Walker2: “that first bucket for yuki 🔥 watch 12’s reaction 😂”

Morant has been very supportive of Kawamura since they became teammates, and fans have loved the duo. This was a special night for Kawamura, and a big game for the Grizzlies as they picked up a win over the Lakers.

Related Articles

Ja Morant Excites Memphis Grizzlies Fans in Latest Workout Footage

Eight-Year NBA Veteran, Ex-Grizzlies Player Joins New Team in Portugal

Ja Morant Reacts to Viral LeBron James and Steph Curry Moment in USA-France

Published Nov 6, 2024
JOEY LINN

Title: Credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation Email: joeylinn52@gmail.com Education: Communication Studies degree from Biola University November 7, 2024 Expertise: NBA analysis and reporting Experience: Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Home
/
News
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
Eight-Year NBA Veteran, Ex-Grizzlies Player Joins New Team in Portugal
Cookie Preferences

© 2024 Cheap Gottliebpaludan Jordan Outlet - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF Cheap Gottliebpaludan Jordan Outlet. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. All betting content is intended for an audience ages 21+. All advice, including picks and predictions, is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Minute Media or its related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only. No one should expect to make money from the picks and predictions discussed on this website. For more information, please read our Legal Disclaimer. Gambling content intended for 21+. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.gottliebpaludan.com/en/aacbaaushop/nba/grizzlies/news/yuki-kawamura-makes-nba-history-in-grizzlies-vs-lakers-01jc2crw1c3p 
 ----- 
