Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Super Bowl 2025 Format
Chiefs new recruits
Kylie Kelce
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
CFP National Championship 2025
Quinn Ewers Arch Manning
Cotton Bowl Prize Money
Caitlin Clark boyfriend
Draymond Green Derrick Rose
Teoscar Hernandez Shohei Ohtani 
UFC Dern vs Ribas 2
Mega Millions Winning Numbers
Jennifer Lopez Ben Affleck
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Student loan
VA Benefits 
IRS Free File 2025
FEMA wildfire assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Baltimore Ravens
Odell Beckham Jr.'s injury woes continue as he takes mentorship role with Ravens

The wide receiver is battling an ankle injury and won't play in Sunday's matchup against the Browns

Ravens' Odell Beckham Jr. is doubtful to suit up on Sunday against the BrownsLAPRESSE
LW
28/09/2023 - 19:01 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Minnesota Vikings. Justin Jefferson dismisses early season trade talks, believes in Vikings' potential
Las Vegas Raiders. Chandler Jones' concerning video: Questions Aaron Hernandez's death in jail

Odell Beckham Jr. is still on the list of Baltimore Ravens sidelined players battling injuries.

The 30-year-old wide receiver has been absent from practice for six consecutive days, nursing an ankle injury sustained during the team's victory over the Cincinnati Bengals two weeks ago.

Beckham's absence last week against the Colts came as a surprise after head coach John Harbaugh initially stated that he didn't expect OBJ to miss any time.

Despite his determination to prove that he still has much to offer on the field, Beckham recently opened up about his transition from flashing wide receiver to veteran mentor with the Ravens.

In March, he signed a one-year, $15-million deal, to become another target for quarterback Lamar Jackson.

Beckham Jr.: I want to help the younger guys

Beckham, a 9-year veteran, believes he still has something to contribute on the field.

Recently he talked about his shifting role withing the team and expressed his willingness to mentor younger players saying, "Obviously, I want to make plays, don't get me wrong. I want to score touchdowns. I want to dance. I want to have fun, but, definitely, to help the younger guys: mentally, physically, spiritually, however I can. I embrace that role and that opportunity, and I take it very seriously. I don't mind being the older guy for once in the room."

In a recent interview with NBC Sports'Peter King, Beckham acknowledged he is currently in a pivotal season in his NFL career, and reflected on how things could have been different if he hadn't suffered so many injuries: "If I could go back, would I like to have a career where the first three years of my career could have been repeated? Yeah, of course. I'd be sitting here, 30 years old, with 100 touchdowns and 14,000 yards. I wish I could've never been injured, never shattered my ankle or came back too early from a high ankle sprain. But those are things I now have to live with. I can't live in regret for the rest of my life."

OBJ's legacy full of highs and lows

Beckham's career has been dotted with highs and lows, from early stardom to injury setbacks.

He became an instant start when he joined the league in 2014 with the New York Giants scoring 12 touchdowns with 1305 yards in 11 starts, and earned the NFL's Offensive Rookie of the Year award.

OBJ was also named to every Pro Bowl in his first three seasons in the NFL.

But the wide receiver hasn't been the same since 2017 when he suffered a left ankle sprain in preseason with the Giants, and on his return in October, fractured and sustained ligament damage in that same ankle requiring surgery and a lengthy rehabilitation period.

In 2019 he was traded to the Cleveland Browns where he struggled to find common ground with quarterback Baker Mayfield.

A torn ACL in 2020 during a Week 7 game against the Bengals was a major setback in his aim to return to the elite of the NFL.

And then, in 2021, after 6 weeks and no touchdowns, the wide receiver was released by the Browns after his father complained on social media about Baker Mayfield's issues with his son.

OBJ was then picked up by the Los Angeles Rams and went on to win the Super Bowl that season. While Beckham Jr. contributed significantly by scoring the first touchdown of the game, he left the game in the second quarter with a knee injury.

MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Meghan Markl...
Marca

It was later revealed that he had suffered a second ACL tear in the same knee as in 2020, and coincidentally, the injury also happened against the Bengals.

Now in 2023, Beckham Jr. is confident he can get another taste of greatness as part of Lamar Jackson's corps of receivers, and while he may not be able to contribute in Week 4, his determination and resilience will have him on the field making plays in no time.

NFL - English
Odell Beckham Jr. - English
Baltimore Ravens - English
Baltimore RavensLamar Jackson ticked off after Ravens fail to put Colts away in OT
NCAAFlorida Gators WR Ricky Pearsall Jr. makes one-handed catch better than OBJ's
NFLNFL Week 3: Tropical cyclone threatens to suspend these three Sunday games
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
A photo sparks rumors of a poss...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Here's an Estimate d Price for a 1-D...
HomeBuddy
Who Has the Chea pest Car Insuran...
Financebuzz
Round After Round
YETI
Neuropathy Expert s Recommend Y...
Norlie
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/baltimore-ravens/2023/09/29/6516123922601d6f248b45ce.html 
 ----- 
