MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Anthony Edwards scores go-ahead basket, Timberwolves top Nuggets in 119-116 thriller
Published Nov. 2, 2024 12:38 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Anthony Edwards hit a go-ahead 7-foot floater with 25.7 seconds left, and Rudy Gobert iced the game with two free throws to lead the Minnesota Timberwolves past the Denver Nuggets 119-116 on Friday night.

Edwards scored 29 points, Gobert had 17 points and 14 rebounds and Julius Randle added 23 points and seven assists for the Timberwolves, who recovered from a 25-3 fourth-quarter run by the Nuggets.

Nikola Jokic had 26 points, 13 assists and nine rebounds and hit two free throws with 2:30 left to put Denver up 116-109, before Minnesota roared back. Jokic had a chance to tie the game at 119, but Gobert forced an errant corner 3-pointer with 2.3 seconds to go.

Gordon led the Nuggets with 31 points and 11 rebounds in a rematch of last season's Western Conference semifinal.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Michael Porter Jr. added 26 points for the Nuggets, who lost point guard Jamal Murray to the concussion protocol in the third quarter after colliding with Randle.

Takeaways

Nuggets: Lightening some of the load that's on the three-time NBA MVP Jokic will be a key to keeping their window for championship contention open, and Gordon and Porter did their part. But the lack of depth is a concern. Their bench was outscored 31-13.

Timberwolves: After leading the league in defense last season, they've sprung some leaks, particularly in transition. The Nuggets had 22 fast-break points.

Key moment
Travel Oregon This Wint...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
Put 2025 In Its Place
YETI|Sponsored
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.

Braun dunked over the 7-foot-2 Gobert with 5:14 left and got even closer to his face with a taunting scream that egged Gobert into grabbing Braun by the neck. The benches cleared, shouts were exchanged, and both players got a technical.

Key stat

Gordon had his second-highest scoring total in four-plus seasons with the Nuggets. He shot 11 for 18.

Up next

The Nuggets host Utah on Saturday. while the Timberwolves play at San Antonio on the same day.

___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/NBA

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Trae Young's half-court heave lifts Hawks to buzzer-beating win over Jazz
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Minnesota Timberwolves
Denver Nuggets
Anthony Edwards
National Basketball Association
Jamal Murray
Michael Porter Jr.
Nikola Jokic
Julius Randle
Rudy Gobert
Anthony Edwards
Denver Nuggets
Minnesota Timberwolves
NBA - Denver Nuggets vs. Minnesota Timberwolves - 11/02/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/anthony-edwards-scores-goahead-basket-timberwolves-top-nuggets-in-119116-thriller 
 ----- 
