Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Orlando Magic
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS
Gameday
Youth Basketball
Shop
Community
Connect
Orlando Magic at Memphis Grizzlies: Game Preview
Dan Savage●@Dan_Savage
Director of Digital News
October 26, 20241:16 PM EDT

MEMPHIS – For any team in the NBA, the start of the season is all about establishing an identity and finding ways to win regardless of the circumstances.

Through the first two contests of their 2024-25 campaign, the Orlando Magic are doing an excellent job of achieving both of those goals.

Orlando has picked up right where it left off on the defensive end of the floor, and that has helped it claim both a victory in Miami when the offense was flowing as well as a triumph over the Nets in spite of some clunky whistles that disrupted the flow of the game.

Now, the Magic (2-0) will look to once again lean on their defense as they attempt to spoil the Memphis Grizzlies' (1-1) home opener on Saturday at 8 p.m. ET.

“(Defense is) kind of what we hang our hats on,” said Magic center Moe Wagner, who scored 18 points off the pine against Brooklyn. “Obviously, we’re not going to have a good game or great game offensively all of the time. That’s our identity. We want to bother people. We want to go out and run and find our offense that way.”

Through its first two games of the 2024-25 campaign, Orlando once again has the NBA’s third-best ranked defense (101.0) – the same rank it had last season. While they’ve done a great job of disrupting their opponents and using turnovers to generate offense, they still feel like there’s plenty of room for improvement as they prepare for a dangerous Grizzlies team.

“I think (what) we’re going to take away from (the win over Brooklyn) is that we need to be more solid for 48 minutes,” said Franz Wagner, who fired off a game-high 29 points against the Nets. “I thought in (certain) stints, I thought we had great effort, great communication, and played kind of freely on the offensive side. But to win (in Memphis), I think we have to be more consistent.”

After a season tip-off matchup in Miami and its own Kia Center debut against the Nets, Orlando will take part in a home opener for its third straight game. Memphis is gearing up for its first 2024-25 matchup at FedExForum. And they could have a familiar face back in the lineup as Jaren Jackson Jr. (hamstring) has the potential to make his season debut.

“Our fans have been waiting a long time to see the Grizzlies in action,” said Memphis head coach Taylor Jenkins. “It’s going to be, hopefully, electric … (We’re looking to) come out (and) respond. We’re going up against a great Orlando Magic team.”

After a road win over the Utah Jazz, the Grizzlies struggled in the second half of a 128-108 loss to the Houston Rockets on Friday.

Still, with scoring threats like point guard Ja Morant and shooting guard Desmond Bane on Memphis’ roster, Orlando needs to be prepared for a hungry Grizzlies team, especially on the second night of a back-to-back.

“It’s a great opportunity for this group,” said Mosley. “I think them understanding exactly what you have to do for your preparation (to play three games in four nights). The recovery you need, the rest you need, (and) how you have to be ready to bounce back because all teams face it. It’s unforgiving in that regard, but we’re able to take that on. Our coaches do a great job of getting these guys prepared for the next challenge.”

KEY STATS: After averaging a league-low 11.0 3-pointers made per game last season, the Magic have hit 33 triples in the first two games of the 2024-25 campaign, while shooting 41.8 percent from distance. Both of those are top-five marks in the NBA.

With their victory over the Nets, the Magic have started 2-0 for the second straight season. The last time Orlando was 2-0 in consecutive campaigns was 1992-93 and 1993-94. The last time the Magic opened 3-0 was 2020-21, when they started a franchise-best 4-0.

IN AND OUT: Both team’s injury reports are not yet submitted. Jonathan Isaac (left hip; contusion) did not play in Orlando’s matchup on Friday, while Jaren Jackson Jr., GG Jackson (right fifth metatarsal; repair), Luke Kennard (left foot; muscle strain), Cam Spencer (right ankle; sprain), and Vince Williams Jr. (left tibial; stress reaction) missed Memphis’ action in Houston.

QUOTE TO NOTE: “Anthony Black has been great. He was in the gym all summer, constantly working with all of our coaches. And you saw what he did in summer league and he took it to heart. When he steps in between those lines, he’s an ultimate competitor. His ability to defend the right way, his length, his IQ, and then offensively, his ability to push the break consistently. As well as lead that group and get us settled down at the right time.” – Mosley on Black’s start to the season

Tags
Game Day
Latest News
Team News
Related Articles
Orlando Magic at Memphis Grizzlies: Game Preview
Orlando Magic Both Stifling on Defense and Efficient on Offense in Victory Over Brooklyn Nets in Home Opener
Orlando Magic Steamroll Miami Heat in Second Half on Opening Night
Mac McClung’s Orlando Magic Two-Way Spot a Dream Come True
TEAM
Roster
Leaders
Players Stats
Team Stats
Osceola Magic
Executive Leadership
DeVos Family
TICKETS
Buy Tickets
Ticket Plans
Suites
Group Tickets
Visiting Orlando?
Season Ticket Holders
Military/First Responders
NEWS
News
Schedule
Videos
MORE
Kia Center
Fan Code of Conduct
Community
OMYF
Shop
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.

We appreciate your understanding and flexibility while we work through this together.

Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/magic/news/orlando-magic-memphis-grizzlies-game-preview-injury-report-20241026 
 ----- 
