Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
NBA
New York Knicks
Brooklyn Nets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
NBA
Ben Simmons, Dennis Schroder snap back at heckler in wild tunnel video
By Joseph Staszewski
Published Oct. 26, 2024, 10:46 p.m. ET
45

Ben Simmons didn’t take kindly to being heckled by a fan before getting passionately defended by his teammate on the way back to the Nets locker room after a loss to the Magic.

A video posted to social media captured what appeared to be a young fan calling Simmons “trash” after the Nets star passed him in the players’ tunnel at Kia Arena in Orlando after Brooklyn fell 116-101 to the home team on Friday night.

3
Ben Simmons walks back through the players’ tunnel, where he
is heckled, after the Nets’ loss to the Magic on Friday.
Staszewski, Joseph

Simmons kept walking but said: “Why didn’t you say it when I was there, p–y?”

The situation didn’t end there.

Nets guard Dennis Schroder — in his second season in Brooklyn — came back and asked a different fan, “Who taking s–t about Ben?” The fan immediately pointed down the line.

Schroder went over and confronted the heckler, but what was said could not be made out on the video. 

An adult — who the social media post claims is the person’s father — tried to get the young fan to walk away from the situation as other Nets players lingered.

The situation finally diffused after a short argument between the heckler and Schroder.

3
Dennis Schroder comes to find out who was
heckling teammate Ben Simmons (not pictured).
BenSimmonhater/TikTok

Simmons has seven points, six rounds and just three assists in the game, the Nets’ second-straight defeat to begin the season.

The former No. 1 overall pick by the 76ers has been limited by injuries and played in just 57 games total over his first two seasons with the Nets.

3
Dennis Schroder confronts a fan who was
heckling teammate Ben Simmons (not pictured).
BenSimmonhater/tiktok
45

What do you think? Post a comment.

It has made him an easy target for critics.

Even when playing, he has been far from the All-Star former he showed in Philly, averaging just 6.7 points, 6.7 rebounds and 6.0 assists during his two-plus season in Brooklyn.    

FILED UNDER BEN SIMMONS  BROOKLYN NETS  DENNIS SCHRODER  10/26/24
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
Donald Trump Gets No Penalty For His NYC Hush Money Trial
NYPost.com
Details Emerge About Murdered CEO Brian Thomson's Personal Life
NYPost.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
This Jill Biden Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
NickiSwift.com
Ivanka Trump Flaunts Her Killer Figure In Swimsuit Snaps
NickiSwift.com
Michelle Obama's Former Secret Service Agent Is Speaking Out
Katiecouric.com
Diddy's Lawsuit Explodes As List Of Celebrities Revealed
Thenerdstash.com
Rumors Are Swirling About Melania & Musk Amid Trump's Presidency
Thenerdstash.com
Rare Sightings Of Kamala Harris Not Wearing A Pantsuit
TheList.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2024/10/26/sports/ben-simmons-dennis-schroder-snap-at-heckler-in-tense-confrontation/ 
 ----- 
