Tuesday, December 17, 2024
PDF
Supplements
Top Stories 
Qatar
Business
Sport
World 
Gulf/(MiddleEast)
Press Release
Latest News
Home
/
Sports
/
Qatar ready for Iran in blockbuster tie
Qatar ready for Iran in blockbuster tie
15/10/2024
/
Sports
+ A
A -
Qatar tribune

Tribune News Network

Doha

Two-time Asian champions Qatar will seek to take their form a notch higher when they clash with formidable Iran in blockbuster Group A clash of the AFC Asian Qualifiers - Road to World Cup 2026 - at the Rashid Stadium in Dubai on Tuesday.

The tie was was moved by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) announced to a neutral venue in the United Arab Emirates given the situation. It was earlier to be played in Mahdad in Iran.

Qatar however are ready for the away contest having scored a 3-1 win over Kyrgyzstan in the last match at the Al Thumama Stadium last week.

Qatar coach Marquez Lopez will be hoping the victory was the booster his side needed in their bid to qualify for the FIFA World Cup Finals on merit for the first time.

The West Asian side will go into the tie with the psychological advantage of having defeated Iran 3-2 in thrilling AFC Asian Cup semi-final in February.

Speaking on eve of the match, the Spaniard coach said, “We have a difficult match but the team is confident after a morale-boosting win in our last match. We are looking forward to building on that victory and gain more points in the match.

“We know Iran are a strong side but we are well prepared. We are confident as we have developed the strategy which will hopefully give us good result.”

Qatar midfielder Tarek Salman said, “We are excited about meeting Iran. It’s definitely a tough challenge but every player is ready to give his best. Our win against Kyrgyzstan was crucial as it gave us huge confidence. Now the entire squad is aiming to maintain the winning momentum.”

Iran currently lead the group standings together with Uzbekistan while a win for Qatar will see the two-time AFC Asian Cup champions drawing level with Tuesday’s opponents.

While Iran and Uzbekistan have 7 points each, Qatar are fourth in the group with 4 points, and UAE third, also with 4 points.

Iran had to be satisfied with a draw against Uzbekistan on Thursday and will know that they can’t afford to drop points against Qatar.

Particularly concerning for head coach Amir Ghalenoei will be the fact that goals have been hard to come by, with Iran only having found the back of the net twice in three matches.

Ghalenoei said, “Qatar play football with a plan and they are dangerous. A few months ago, we played in the Asian Cup (semi-finals) which we lost. But this game has its own conditions and it is very different from that match.”

When asked if his team would be seeking a revenge, the Iran coach said, “Football is for enjoyment and we must try to win a good game to make the fans happy. We are not looking for revenge, because football is not a place to take revenge, but we want to win to make people happy. We respect the good team of Qatar. They have shown that football is progressing in Asia.

“If we win this important game, we will have gone more than 50% of the way to promotion and this is what we are looking for.”

Iran goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand said the team was looking for a good result. “We knew we could have advanced comfortably by winning against two toughest teams in the group – Uzbekistan and Qatar. Unfortunately, in the first game against Uzbekistan, despite the fact that we played well, the game ended with a goalless draw. Now we are ready to compete with Qatar and I hope we can get a good result,” he said.

   Copy
15/10/2024
55
Health
2024-12-17
Download PDF
Most Read
Most Commented
Most Rated
Amir appoints Kahramaa president
Best FIFA Football Awards 2024 ceremony at Aspire tonight
Qatar National Day 2024: Inveterate history, distinguished, illustrious journey marked by extraordinary achievements
Al Khulaifi stresses Qatar's stance on Syria in a call with UN envoy
QC workshop explores Qatar’s shift to 12-digit customs tariff
Related Articles

Best FIFA Football Awards 2024 ceremony at Aspire tonight

Tribune News NetworkDoha The winners of The Best FIFA Football Awards 2024 will be revealed digitally on Tuesday 17 December 2024 during a special event to be broadcast live from Doha.On the eve of the FI

Dec 17, 2024

An exhilarating evening of football and entertainment awaits fans at Lusail Stadium

Tribune News NetworkDohaFans attending the FIFA Intercontinental Cup Qatar 2024 Final on 18 December at the Lusail Stadium will be treated to a wide range of cultural activities prior to kick off at 8pm. A robust fan z

Dec 17, 2024

Mbappe fit for FIFA Intercontinental Cup Qatar 2024 final

PAMedia/DPALondon Kylian Mbappe will travel to Qatar for next weeks Intercontinental Cup final after the thigh injury he suffered on Champions League duty proved to be not as serious as was first feared.

Dec 17, 2024
Home About Us Advertising Archive Contact Us
Qatar Tribune

Qatar Tribune was launched on the 35th Independence Day of Qatar, under the parentcompany QIM Group, which has a history in the publishing, printing & distribution field.

Amir appoints Kahramaa president

QNADohaHis Highness the Amir of the State of Qatar Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani on Monday issued Amiri Decision No 80 of 2024 appointing Abdullah Ali Abdullah Al Theyab as President of Qatar General Electricity and Water Corporation (Kahramaa).The dec

Geely and Safety Rent a Car partner to elevate fleet standards in Qatar

Geely has entered into a partnership with Safety Rent a Car a move that emphasizes the brands quality and dependability.Under the agreement Safety Rent a Car has expanded its fleet with 150 Geely vehicles in 2024 reinforcing the commitment of both companies to delivering exc

Best FIFA Football Awards 2024 ceremony at Aspire tonight

Tribune News NetworkDoha The winners of The Best FIFA Football Awards 2024 will be revealed digitally on Tuesday 17 December 2024 during a special event to be broadcast live from Doha.On the eve of the FIFA Intercontinental Cup Qatar 2024 final between R

QIIB launches special offer for Visa credit cards

Tribune News NetworkDohaQIIB has announced a special offer in celebration of Qatar National Day facilitating customers to enjoy luxurious dinner at selected restaurants on Al Maha Island with a 100% cashback on the bill when using QIIB Visa credit cards (Wajaha or De

Latest News
Ministry of Interior launches new Metrash app 
Jaguars join Al Khor Family Park Zoo
Istituto di Moda Burgo's Graduation Ceremony 2024, Fashion Show a monumental success
QF schools celebrate Qatar National Day
Prime minister, Greek national defence minister discuss bilateral relations, developments in Gaza, Syria
Follow us
© Copyright 2024 QATAR TRIBUNE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.qatar-tribune.com/article/144770/sports/qatar-ready-for-iran-in-blockbuster-tie 
 ----- 
