SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
QATAR'S MENDES WANTS IMPROVEMENT AFTER SLOW START TO WORLD CUP QUALIFIERS
Qatar's Mendes wants improvement after slow start to World Cup qualifiers
Reuters,
15.10.2024 19:52
Qatar's Lucas Mendes in action
Reuters / Molly Darlington
Qatar defender Lucas Mendes (34) has called on his teammates to make rapid improvements to revive their challenge for a place at the 2026 World Cup after the back-to-back Asian Cup winners slumped to a 4-1 defeat at the hands of Iran in Dubai on Tuesday.

Sardar Azmoun and Mohamed Mohebbi both scored twice as Iran fought back from Almoez Ali's strike into the roof of the net to maintain their challenge for a sixth World Cup appearance.

The loss leaves the Qataris on four points from four games, six adrift of Iran and Uzbekistan, who currently occupy the two automatic qualifying spots in Group A, and at risk of missing out once again on a place at the finals.

"It was a tough game but we know the Iranians are very strong, they have very good players (who are) at a high level," said Brazil-born defender Mendes, who set up Ali for the opener in the 17th minute.

"It's a bad start from us but still we have six games. We need to change our level. Many mistakes, we need to improve."

Qatar have never qualified for the World Cup, only securing their place at the 2022 tournament as hosts, and the closest the nation has come to progressing through the preliminaries was ahead of France 1998 when they lost out to Saudi Arabia.

The top two finishers in each of Asia's three qualifying groups advance to the World Cup while the third and fourth-placed nations progress to a further round of preliminaries.

Qatar are fourth in Group A, level on four points with the third-placed United Arab Emirates and one point ahead of Kyrgyzstan who are fifth. They next host Uzbekistan on November 14th.

Tuesday's game was a rematch of the Asian Cup semi-final in February that Qatar won on the way to a second successive title and when Ali smashed the ball home Tintin Marquez's side looked to be on the path to a similar result.

But Azmoun headed in the equaliser three minutes before the break and then put his side ahead in the 48th following a mix up between Mendes and goalkeeper Meshaal Barsham.

Azmoun set up the third in the 65th minute for Mohebi, who then wrapped up the win deep into added time as the Iranians avenged their loss at the continental championship.

"It was a really important three points," said Azmoun. "Really, it was a really easy game for us. We didn't expect that the game would go like that."

Check out the game summary with Flashscore.

MENTIONS
Football
Lucas Michel Mendes
Almoez Ali
Meshaal Barsham
Mohammad Mohebi
Iran
Qatar
Kyrgyzstan
Saudi Arabia
United Arab Emirates
World Championship
Related Articles
Australia end Japan's winning run as South Korea down Iraq in thriller
15.10.2024 18:49
Popovic faces familiar foe as Australia aim to continue renaissance in Japan
13.10.2024 12:03
Peru score late winner to claim shock win against Uruguay in World Cup qualifying
12.10.2024 08:46
Show more
Football
European Super League promoters A22 attempting to push through rebranded 'Unify League'
57 min ago
Mikel Arteta believes League Cup victory can inspire Arsenal to Premier League success
1 h ago
Rodrigo Bentancur's seven-game ban upheld after appeal is dismissed
3 h ago
League Cup quarter-final 'huge' for Howe as he seeks to end Newcastle's trophy drought
4 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Tottenham players stand out while Isak shines
5 h ago
Wolves reportedly agree deal to appoint Vitor Pereira as coach to replace Gary O'Neil
5 h ago
Arne Slot not worried about touchline ban with Liverpool in League Cup quarter-final action
5 h ago
Team of the Week: Son steps up for Spurs, Gimenez hits a hat-trick
5 h ago
Former international Abich says Gor Mahia must stick with coach Otieno despite poor form
5 h ago
Chelsea's Mykhailo Mudryk set to be suspended after 'adverse finding' in drugs test
6 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
James Wade dumped out of Darts World Championship by Jermaine Wattimena
Price beats Barry and Menzies bursts into tears at World Championship
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
Lens - PSG
FOOTBALL SCORES
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Tottenham - Liverpool
Manchester City - Everton
Liverpool - Leicester
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-world-championship-qatar-s-mendes-wants-improvement-after-slow-start-to-world-cup-qualifiers/fci5Tp3T/ 
 ----- 
