	عربي		


               US          Europe          Arab          Asia          Africa    
|      Politics          Economy     Oil&Energy         
                 Entertainment          Sport
Qatar And Iran Set For Blockbuster



Date

10/15/2024 2:14:39 AM  
Share on Facebook  Tweet on Twitter  

(MENAFN- The Peninsula) Fawad Hussain | The Peninsula

Doha, Qatar: Qatar and Iran are set for a thrilling Group A clash in the FIFA World Cup 2026 Asian Qualifiers, as both continental heavyweights look to claim victory in what promises to be a fiercely-contested battle in Dubai this evening.

Clashes between the two West Asian sides have consistently delivered captivating action over the years. Both teams will be renewing their rivalry since their unforgettable AFC Asian Cup semi-final in February.

Eventual champions Qatar won 3-2 in the end-to-end game at Al Thumama Stadium but the Marquez Lopez-coached side is expected to face tougher challenge from Iran at the Rashid Stadium. The match was moved from its original venue in Mashhad due to security concerns.

Amir Ghalenoei's Iran, currently ranked 19th in the FIFA rankings, come into the match as favourites against World No. 44 Qatar, despite having scored only two goals in the ongoing qualifying round. With seven points, Iran are second in their group, trailing Uzbekistan only on goal difference.

Qatar's Abdulaziz Hatem kicks the ball as his teammate Akram Afif looks on during a training session yesterday.

However, Qatar enter the clash with renewed confidence after a 3-1 victory over Kyrgyzstan on Thursday. The win came as a much-needed boost following a surprising loss to the UAE and a draw with North Korea.

Qatar are currently fourth in the group with four points, tied with the UAE, who hold an advantage due to a better goal difference.

Lopez is well aware of the tough challenge that Iran pose, and he also recognises that his team must overcome strong opponents if they are to advance from the group, with only two direct qualification slots available.

Qatar coach Marquez Lopez speaks during a press conference, yesterday.

The Spaniard said the team is ready to fight for maximum points.

“We have a difficult match tomorrow. But the team is confident after a morale-boosting win in our last match. We are looking forward to building on that victory and gain more points in the match,” Lopez said at a pre-match press conference yesterday.

“We know Iran are a strong side but we are well prepared. We are confident as we have developed the strategy which will hopefully give us good result,” the Qatar coach added.

The Qatar team, which reached Dubai in the early hours of yesterday, held their final training session at Rashid Stadium in the evening, focusing on adjusting to the conditions at the neutral venue.

Midfielder Tarek Salman, who was part of the team that defeated Iran in the Asian Cup semi-final, said the players were eager to replicate that success.

“We are excited about meeting Iran. It's definitely a tough challenge but every player is ready to give his best. Our win against Kyrgyzstan was crucial as it gave us huge confidence. Now the entire squad is aiming to maintain the winning momentum,” he said.

Iran coach Amir Ghalenoei

Meanwhile, Iran coach Amir Ghalenoei was bracing for another challenging match following a goalless draw against Uzbekistan on Thursday.

He acknowledged Qatar's strategic play, calling them a“dangerous team”. Reflecting on Iran's previous encounter with Qatar in the AFC Asian Cup semi-final, Ghalenoei emphasised that this match will be different. He downplayed any notions of seeking revenge.

“Football is for enjoyment, and our goal is to win a good game to make the fans happy. We are not looking for revenge, but we aim to win to bring joy to the people,” he said.

Ghalenoei also praised Qatar's progress in football, recognising the importance of the upcoming game for both teams. He said that a win against Qatar would be a significant step towards qualification.

“If we win this important game, we will have gone more than 50% of the way to promotion and this is what we are looking for.”

Iran players during a training session.

Iran's goalkeeper Alireza Beiranvand, who has maintained a clean sheet so far, expressed determination to secure a victory.

“Unfortunately, despite playing well, we drew against Uzbekistan. Now we are ready to face Qatar, and I hope we can achieve a positive result.”

The match will get underway at 7pm (Qatar time).

Today

GROUP A
Iran vs Qatar (Rashid Stadium, Dubai - 7pm)
Kyrgyzstan vs North Korea
Uzbekistan vs UAE

GROUP B
Jordan vs Oman
South Korea vs Iraq
Palestine vs Kuwait (At Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium, Doha - 7pm)

GROUP C
Saudi Arabia vs Bahrain
Japan vs Australia
China vs Indonesia


MENAFN15102024000063011010ID1108778730




Legal Disclaimer:
MENAFN provides the information “as is” without warranty of any kind. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the accuracy, content, images, videos, licenses, completeness, legality, or reliability of the information contained in this article. If you have any complaints or copyright issues related to this article, kindly contact the provider above.

 

Tags

Label
 

Comments

No comment
 

Category

 

Date

10/15/2024
Most popular stories
'Out Of Control': Elon Musk's Mother Maye Opens Up About Raising World...
Panama Is The First Country In Central America To Sign NASA Artemis Ag...
Egypt, Jordan Discuss Regional Issues, Strengthen Bilateral Ties...
Musk, Trump Jr. find Zelensky ‘Home Alone’ meme very amusing ...
I'm A Former Assistant District Attorney Who Works With Survivors Of S...
London stock exchange faces major exodus amid competitiveness concerns...
Market Research




Manuka Honey Market Report 2024, Industry Growth, Size, Share, Top Compan...
Modular Kitchen Market 2024, Industry Growth, Share, Size, Key Players An...
Acrylamide Production Cost Analysis Report: A Comprehensive Assessment Of...
Fish Sauce Market 2024, Industry Trends, Growth, Demand And Analysis Repo...
Australia Foreign Exchange Market Size, Growth, Industry Demand And Forec...
Cold Pressed Oil Market Trends 2024, Leading Companies Share, Size And Fo...
Pasta Sauce Market 2024, Industry Growth, Share, Size, Key Players Analys...
More Stories
Donald Trump's Peace Proposal: Calls For Talks With Putin And Zelenskyy T...
Jr NTR And Ram Charan Share Intriguing Anecdotes In ‘RRR Behind And Beyon...
10.97 Lakh Trainees Under Centre’S DDU-GKY Scheme Given Jobs: Minister ...
Women Own 73 Pc Of 2.68 Crore Houses Built Under PMAY-G Scheme...
Cyclone Chido Kills Seven, Impacts Nearly 35,000 In Malawi...
Focus Is On Grassroots Cricket, Infrastructure Development, Says Rohan Ja...
Germany faces risk of prolonged economic decline ...
Spain central bank raises 2024 growth forecast despite floods...
Jharkhand's Traditional Musical Instrument 'Mandar' May Get GI Tag, Final...
Three Trying To Rob Police Team At Gunpoint Arrested In Gurugram...
Significant Damage Reported As 7.4 Magnitude Earthquake Hits Vanuatu...
Gauhati HC Bans Buffalo & Bulbul Fight During January...
Newsletter

Daily(English)
Daily(Arabic)
All()




World and Middle East business and financial news, Stocks, Currencies, Market Data, Research, Weather and other data.

Contact Us Click here
About
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Advertise
About MENAFN
Jobs
Feedback
Newsletter
Daily English
Daily Arabic
All



Social Link
 Facebook
 Twitter
 Google Plus
 Daily Email
 Linkedin
 RSS

Copyright © 2000 MENAFN. All rights reserved.

Design & Devleopment by MENAFN

SEARCH
********************
HOME
NEWS
MARKETDATA
RESEARCH
COUNTRIES
SECTIONS
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://menafn.com/1108778730/Qatar-And-Iran-Set-For-Blockbuster 
 ----- 
