CHAIRMAN: DR. KHALID BIN THANI AL THANI
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF: DR. KHALID MUBARAK AL-SHAFI

Sports
/
Football
World Cup Qualifiers: Iran overpower Qatar to secure top spot in Group A

Published: 15 Oct 2024 - 09:08 pm | Last Updated: 15 Oct 2024 - 11:10 pm

Iran's players celebrate a goal during the 2026 FIFA World Cup AFC qualifiers group A football match between Iran and Qatar at the Rashid Stadium in Dubai on October 15, 2024. (Photo by Fadel Senna / AFP)

Follow us
news
Copy
A+
A-
Fawad Hussain | The Peninsula

Doha: Sardar Azmoun and Mohammad Mohebi each scored twice as Iran staged a strong comeback to defeat Qatar 4-1 in a hotly-contested FIFA World Cup 2026 qualifying match at Rashid Stadium in Dubai on Tuesday.

Two-time Asian champions Qatar had taken an early lead with Almoez Ali’s opener in the 17th minute. However, Iran responded with resilience, as Azmoun equalised in the 42nd minute, before putting his team ahead just three minutes into the second half. 

Azmoun continued to play a pivotal role, setting up Mohammad Mohebi for Iran’s third goal in the 65th minute. Mohebi then sealed the emphatic victory with a goal in the eighth minute of stoppage time.

Qatar's defender #03 Abdelkarim Hassan tackles Iran's midfielder #08 Mohammad Mohebi during the 2026 FIFA World Cup AFC qualifiers group A football match between Iran and Qatar at the Rashid Stadium in Dubai on October 15, 2024. (Photo by Fadel Senna / AFP)

The win propelled Iran to the top of Group A in the qualifiers with 10 points, ahead of Uzbekistan on goal difference. Uzbekistan edged the United Arab Emirates 1-0 in Tashkent to stay in second.

The loss leaves Marquez Lopez-coached Qatar in a challenging position, sitting fourth in the group with four points, behind the UAE on goal difference.

But Lopez remained hopeful about Al Annabi’s chances of advancing from the group.
“Iran performed better than us. They were the best, and I want to congratulate them,” the Qatar coach said after the match."

“Our goal of qualifying for the World Cup has not changed after this loss. The opportunity is still there, despite having the strong teams like Uzbekistan and Iran in the group. We have to fight for our chances until the end. There are still points to be earned from the six matches available, and we must work hard to obtain them.”

Iran's supporters celebrate a goal during the 2026 FIFA World Cup AFC qualifiers group A football match between Iran and Qatar at the Rashid Stadium in Dubai on October 15, 2024. (Photo by Fadel Senna / AFP)

The top two teams from the group will secure direct qualification for the World Cup.

Qatar impressed in the first half, but they appeared completely outmatched in the second half dominated by Amir Ghalenoei’s Iran.

Mohebi’s early shot right after kick off set the tone for an intense first half, as Iran pressed for an early advantage. Omid Noorafkan also came close for Team Melli, but his effort flew over the bar.

Qatar, despite enjoying better ball possession in the opening stages, struggled to find space in the final third. However, they made their first chance count, taking the lead. 

Almoez, outpacing the Iranian defenders, latched onto a clever long ball from Lucas Mendes, finding the top of the net with a powerful shot from the right side of the box.

That goal seemed to energise Iran, who then took control, pushing hard for an equaliser. Milad Mohammadi came close but missed the target from outside the box. On the other end, Akram Afif and Abdelkarim Hassan created some dangerous moments for Qatar, threatening Iran with their skillful play.

Qatar goalkeeper Meshaal Barsham was called into action just after the half-hour mark, making a crucial save from Noorafkan’s low drive from a distance. Moments later, Sardar Azmoun nearly leveled for Iran, but his powerful shot from outside the box rattled the bar.

Iran were clearly a better side after conceding the goal maintaining better ball possession, piling pressure on Qatar with continuous attacks. Their persistence finally paid off when Azmoun’s brilliant header from a Noorafkan cross found the top left corner, equalising the score.

Qatar almost snatched the lead again just before halftime, but Boualem Khoukhi’s header from an Afif assist following a corner struck the bar in stoppage time. The first half ended dramatically, with both teams level and each having tested the woodwork—Mohebi’s shot also hitting the bar—while ball possession was almost evenly split.

Iran quickly took the lead after the restart.  After Mehdi Ghayedi’s cross was headed into the air by Mendes but, as Barsham came to intercept, he tripped over his team-mate. 

The mishap allowed Azmoun to capitalise as he smashed the ball into the center. 
The goal came just moments after Azmoun received the game’s first yellow card.

Mohebi and Mohammadi both made efforts to extend Iran’s lead, as the team began to dictate the tempo following a delay due to an injury to Edmilson Junior – replaced by Abdulrahman Fahmi Moustafa in 58th minute.

Iran succeeded in doubling their lead when Azmoun charged into the box after receiving a through pass from midfield, setting up Mohebi for an easy tap-in from close range.

Ibrahim Al Hassan, who came off the bench in 65th minute, was handed a chance by Afif but his effort from the centre of the box just missed the target. The 18-year-old, who had scored against the UAE and Kyrgyzstan, again hit wide following a set piece situation. Mendes also came close to scoring but it was Mohebi, who found the target for the second time after an assist from Noorafkan.  
  
Qatar will host Uzbekistan in Doha on November 14, followed by an away match against the UAE in Al Ain, five days later in the third round.

Elsewhere in Group A on Tuesday, Kyrgyzstan registered their first win, defeating North Korea 1-0 in Bishkek. The victory moved them to fifth place, pushing North Korea (2 points) to the bottom of the standings.

Formula One
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors’ title
Verstappen faces ban next year if he collects more penalties
Norris wins in Abu Dhabi, McLaren seal constructors' title
Mercedes boss slams team over 'inexcusable' Hamilton flop
NBA
Davis, James spark Lakers over Spurs while Cavs stay perfect
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich sidelined indefinitely with undisclosed illness
NBA opens investigation into Joel Embiid's playing status after 76ers star misses season opener
Family affair as LeBron, Bronny James make Lakers bow

Videos
Qatar’s tourism sector growing by over 147%, says UN official
The Peninsula Editor-in-Chief addresses 6th World Media Summit in China
‘Qatar, Spain bilateral trade around $1.5bn’

Trending News
HIA announces special parking rates for end of year holidays
Old Doha Port celebrates National Day with special events
Ministry of Interior launches new Metrash App, offering more services
Festivities, cultural events lined up across Qatar to mark National Day
Amir pardons prisoners on occasion of Qatar National Day 
Today’s Newspaper

Check all issues & supplements

Latest Updates
MoI announces Qatar National Day official working hours for various service departments
Ministry of Education opens registration for Spring 2024 Student Activity Centers
Reckless driver apprehended, vehicle destroyed for dangerous drifting on Qatar roads
South Africa's Ambassador congratulates government and people of Qatar on QND
Doha Today
Birla Public School celebrates Qatar National Day and World Arabic Day
Rawabi Hypermarket launches ‘WOW Qatar’ initiative in celebration of Qatar National Day
Safari Hypermarket unveils 5-metre jute bag display at Safari Mall, Abu Hamour
Qatar
Health General Education Government Weather Transport Culture How To?
World
Gulf Middle East Asia Europe Africa Americas
Business
Qatar Business Middle East Business World Business Stock Market Energy
Sports
Qatar Sport Football Formula One NBA Cricket Tennis Rally Athletics Motosports
Life Style
Technology Motoring Feature & more Wellness Food Travel Fashion Science & Environment
Doha Today
Community Campus Souq
Entertainment
Cinema Music
DAR AL-SHARQ GROUP
مجموعـــة دار الشـــــرق
About USContact US Privacy Policy
Copyright © 2024   The Peninsula
Designed and developed by    Al Sharq Technology
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://thepeninsulaqatar.com/article/15/10/2024/iran-outclass-qatar-in-world-cup-qualifiers 
 ----- 
