BREAKING
Cubs trade for righty pitcher, infielder designated for assignment
Schedule Rosters Boards Media Minors HQ Sites More
Log In
Sign Up
CUBSHQ BOARD
PODCASTS 
PHOTOS 
VIDEOS 
TICKETS
CUBS GEAR 
CHICAGO SPORTS HQ
>> UPGRADE! << 
ADVERTISE
CONTACT US
FAQ
Kyle Ross - USA Today Sports
Phillies top Cubs despite Hoerner's two homers	
34
Shares
by Dustin Riese - Senior Writer - Sep 26, 2024, 7:08 AM  Follow Us:

Philadelphia - When you talk about a model of consistency, look no further than Chicago Cubs (81-78) right-hander Javier Assad. Assad has been one of the Cubs most consistent starters, making his final start of the season and 29th overall, as 24 of his 29 starts have seen him allow three runs or less.

There is a reason his ERA has been in the low 3s most of the season, as he continues to show why he deserves a spot in their 2025 season. Then came Wednesday night at Citizens Bank Ballpark, where Assad not only had his worst outing of the season against the Philadelphia Phillies (94-65) but possibly the worst outing of his career.

Assad was awful, pitching into the fifth before coming out after 4 1/3 innings. He was charged with eight runs on eight hits, three of which were homers, in the Phillies' series-clinching 9-6 win. Whenever your starting pitcher allows eight runs, it is very difficult to win games, but that task becomes even tougher when Christopher Sanchez is on the mound.

The Phillies left-hander has been one of the bigger surprises on the pitching front this season, but for some reason, he has struggled against this team. Although his outing was terrible, he only lasted 4 2/3 innings and was charged with four runs (3ER). Sanchez was given some instant support in the bottom of the first as the Phillies opened up a big lead and never looked back.

All it took was a Trea Turner solo shot two batters into the game as the Cubs trailed for the third straight day 1-0. His homer was followed by a Bryce Harper walk and a pair of doubles from Nicholas Castellanos and Bryson Stott as Stott brought home two more runs to make this a 3-0 game after one. That was just the start for the Phillies, as the long ball continued to play a role in this game, with Castellanos taking Assad deep the opposite way to push their lead to 4-0 after three.

It took the Cubs offense a little while to settle in, but with one big inning against Sanchez, this was a one-run game. Isaac Paredes had arguably his best game as a Cub, picking up four hits (all singles), including one in the fourth to set the tone. He would eventually advance to second on a Cody Bellinger fielder's choice as the Cubs had their best scoring chance of the day.

Needing a massive hit, Nico Hoerner delivered as he ended one of the longest homerless droughts of his career for the first of two homers in the game as the Cubs pulled within 4-3.

With Kody Clemons taking Assad deep for the Phillies third homer in the fourth, Chicago found themselves down 5-3 and continued to battle back.

All it took was a mini-two out rally for the Cubs to keep things close as Dansby Swanson worked a walk ahead of a pair of singles as the Bellinger single brought the Cubs within 5-4.

After retiring the first batter in the fifth, things got out of control quickly for Assad as a pair of singles from Castellanos and Stott put a pair of runners on while a JT Realmuto walk loaded the bases.

That was the final batter Assad would face as Craig Counsell made the move to the pen and called on Keegan Thompson. Looking for a double play ball to end the inning, Brandon Marsh had other ideas as he emptied the bases with an RBI double and broke the game open for an 8-4 lead as that hit went down as the game-winning hit. Down, but not out, the Cubs kept things close with Hoerner taking Jose Ruiz deep to begin the sixth as the Cubs pulled within 8-5.

In what was now a battle of the bullpens, Thompson was near perfect in his 1 2/3 innings before yielding to Ethan Roberts and Nate Pearson for the final two innings. Despite those two combining to strikeout four, the Phillies did manage to add another run as a Realmuto single stretched their lead to 9-5 entering the eighth.

Still trailing by that score in the ninth, Carlos Estevez was called on to pitch as he continued to build himself into postseason form. Two batters into his outing, the Cubs had a base runner as the No. 6 Cubs prospect Kevin Alcantara picked up his first career hit with an infield single to third.

Alcantara was promoted earlier in the day after Miles Mastrobuoni was optioned, and he is expected to be in the lineup for the rest of the way.

Two batters later, Alcantara scored his first run as Swanson laced an RBI double to center field and brought home the game's final run in the Phillies 9-6 win.

Chicago had nine hits in the game, with Paredes leading the way with four. Hoerner added two hits with his four RBIs, as this was his first multi-homer game of the season. Chicago will now enjoy their final day off before closing the season with three-afternoon games against the Reds at Wrigley Field.

 
📰 E-MAIL NEWS ALERTS
GET THE NEWEST CUBS GEAR RIGHT HERE! BEARS FAN? CHECK OUT BEARSHQ.COM! BULLS FAN? YEP, WE COVER THAT TOO!
Comment on this story 
34
Shares
 Share Tweet Email
   
Tags: Cubs Baseball, Javier Assad, Cody Bellinger, Nico Hoerner, Dansby Swanson, Keegan Thompson, Ethan Roberts, Kevin Alcantara, Miles Mastrobuoni
Send Feedback to Dustin Riese: Email | Comment
Follow Us:
TRENDING ON CUBSHQ

Former Cubs pitcher passes away at age 37 
WATCH: Kevin Hart on comedy, Cubs at DraftKings Sportsbook 
Cubs trade former top 100 prospect for veteran utility man
Post your comments!
Subject (Replies: 0)	Author

	Phillies top Cubs despite Hoerner's two homers
	CubsHQ News®


READ ALL 0 REPLIES ON THE BASEBALL BOARD - CHAT ABOUT THIS IN CUBSHQ CHAT
LATEST CUBS NEWS
Former Cubs pitcher passes away at age 37
WATCH: Kevin Hart on comedy, Cubs at DraftKings Sportsbook
Cubs trade former top 100 prospect for veteran utility man
Hall-of-Famer Rickey Henderson passes away
Cubs reportedly meeting with Roki Sasaki
Cubs predicted to land two-time All-Star pitcher
Pat Hughes reacts to Sammy Sosa's return to Cubs
Cubs release statement after Sammy Sosa's apology, invite him to 2025 Cubs convention
Sammy Sosa issues public apology to the Chicago Cubs
Pat Hughes receives another Hall of Fame honor
Cubs reportedly "serious players" for star pitcher Roki Sasaki
Cody Bellinger posts heartfelt message to Cubs fans: "I enjoyed every second"
Cubs trade veteran catcher to White Sox
Kyle Tucker reacts to being traded to the Cubs
Cubs trade Cody Bellinger to Yankees
Jed Hoyer on trade for Kyle Tucker: "One of the best players in baseball, period"
Cubs trade for star outfielder
Report: Cubs-Yankees making progress in trade for Cody Bellinger
It's official: Mets sign Juan Soto to record-breaking $765 million deal
Ryne Sandberg announces heartbreaking health update
Mike Tauchman signs with rival team
Dave Parker voted into National Baseball Hall of Fame
Dansby Swanson undergoes surgery
Cubs announce multiyear extensions for Pat Hughes and Ron Coomer
Cubs sign lefty pitcher to $30 million deal
Cubs make a decision on Nick Madrigal
Aaron Judge wins 2024 American League MVP Award
Shohei Ohtani wins 2024 National League MVP Award
Chicago Cubs 2025 Spring Training tickets on sale December 6
Report: Cubs trading for standout reliever, Patrick Wisdom has been DFA'ed
Report: Cubs expected to DFA their closer
Shota Imanaga finishes fourth in 2024 National League Rookie of the Year Award
Kris Bryant had his $300,000 Lamborghini stolen
WATCH: Shota Imanaga singing 'Go Cubs Go'
WATCH: The Breakdown featuring PCA's Inside-the-park home run
WATCH: Cubs release heartfelt thank you video to Kyle Hendricks
WATCH: 2025 Cubs season ticket hype video
It's official: Kyle Hendricks signs with Angels
Kyle Hendricks agrees to deal with Angels
Shohei Ohtani undergoes successful surgery
Cubs make decision on Drew Smyly
Cody Bellinger makes decision on his player option with Cubs
Anthony Rizzo's option declined by the Yankees
Justice Department announces settlement with Cubs over Wrigley Field accessibility
Cubs make roster move, two players elect free agency
Angels trade for former Cubs outfielder
Former Cubs bench coach named White Sox manager
Los Angeles Dodgers win 2024 World Series
Dodgers legend passes away at age 63
Nico Hoerner has successful surgery
MORE LATEST CUBS NEWS >>
search
TOP CUBS NEWS OF THE WEEK
Former Cubs pitcher passes away at age 37
Cubs remain linked with a trio of veterans
Cubs reportedly interested in veteran third baseman
Several third base options for Cubs
Cubs predicted to land former All-Star reliever
Report: Cubs offer multi-year deal to talented infielder
Cubs trade for righty pitcher, infielder designated for assignment 
Seven options for the backup first base job for Cubs
Cubs Free Agent Target: Charlie Morton
WATCH: Kevin Hart on comedy, Cubs at DraftKings Sportsbook
Front Page Forums Chat Tickets Inbox Member Search Shop Your Account MOBILE VERSION
Copyright © 2016-2024 CubsHQ. Disclaimer and Privacy Statement About Contact Us FAQ Advertise with Us >> UPGRADE! <<
Partner of ChicagoBearsHQ.com, ChicagoBullsHQ.com, ChicagoSportsHQ.com and TigerNet.com
CubsHQ is an independent site and is not affiliated in any way with the Chicago Cubs or Major League Baseball.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.cubshq.com/cubs-baseball/story/phillies-top-cubs-despite-hoerners-two-homers-22617 
 ----- 
