The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
CUBS SPORTS MLB
Nico Hoerner records career first as Cubs fall to Phillies 9-6
Notes: Cubs line up rotation for final series.
By  Maddie Lee   Sept 26, 2024, 1:59am UTC

Chicago Cubs’ Nico Hoerner follows through after hitting a three-run home run against Philadelphia Phillies pitcher Cristopher Sánchez during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Philadelphia. 

Matt Slocum/AP Photos

SHARE
COPY LINK

PHILADELPHIA — The Cubs might be eliminated from playoff contention, but that doesn’t render their final games of the season useless.

“No matter where you’re at in your career, hopefully you’re able to keep a growth mindset on continuing to learn,” second baseman Nico Hoerner said after the Cubs’ 9-6 loss to the Phillies. “And even if that’s not changing anything you’re doing, just how consistent can you be over and over and over and not let circumstances or surroundings change the way you prepare or play, I think, is good. We’re always picking up little tidbits playing. And you never know when things might click and create something that’s really meaningful and lasting.”

Even as the Cubs dropped the final game of the series to the Phillies, and starter Javier Assad struggled to the tune of eight runs in 4⅓ innings, Hoerner had a standout game.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO CUBS
Year in review: Cubs hoping to turn page on disappointing 2024
Plenty of Chicago lore — and heartstring tugs — at Cooperstown's Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum
Cubs sign veteran reliever Caleb Thielbar to one-year deal
Free agent Roki Sasaki has yet to 'narrow the field,' but the Cubs at least cleared the first step
Cubs trade first baseman Matt Mervis to Marlins for utility player Vidal Brujan
How you voted on the best, worst Chicago sports stories of 2024
LATEST STORIES
Notre Dame advances to CFP title game thanks to Jeter's 41-yard field goal
Dyett beats Crane, wins showdown between two up-and-coming Public League basketball programs
Body camera video shows shooting that killed Oak Park Detective Allan Reddins
Ex-Chicagoans, former Mayor Lightfoot's relatives among 180,000 displaced by raging Los Angeles fires
The cheat sheet: Ravens are the best bet of wild-card weekend
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Friday, January 10, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 10, 2025, 6:01am UTC
MOVIES AND TV
'The Weekend View' to stream more commentary from ABC show's panel
Saturday episodes will feature Joy Behar and team talking about the “biggest stories in entertainment and the buzziest news topping social media feeds.”
By Brendan Morrow | USA Today  Jan 10, 2025, 1:12am UTC
NATION/WORLD
From Carter's funeral, a singular American snapshot: 5 presidents, 379 years of history
By Ted Anthony | AP  Jan 10, 2025, 12:55am UTC
HOUSING & DEVELOPMENT
Illinois joins Justice Department lawsuit against RealPage and big landlords
The real estate companies kept rents high with RealPage’s software and by sharing information, the antitrust complaint says.
By Amy Yee  Jan 10, 2025, 12:49am UTC
COLUMNISTS
Chicago group worked on planning Jimmy Carter's state funeral for decades
The Jasculca-Terman public affairs and events planning firm became part of the team planning for the funeral in the 1980s. This week, the firm guided Carter’s family to all their stops: the Navy Memorial; the Capitol where Carter lay in state in the Rotunda; the National Cathedral; and the return to Joint Base Andrews before Carter’s final trip home to Georgia.
By Lynn Sweet  Jan 10, 2025, 12:46am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/cubs/2024/09/25/nico-hoerner-records-career-first-as-cubs-fall-to-phillies-9-6 
 ----- 
