NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Phillies beat Cubs, clinch first-round bye in playoffs
Associated Press
September 25, 2024 - 9:20pm
Philadelphia Phillies' Brandon Marsh, right, is doused by Bryson Stott after the Phillies won a baseball game against the Chicago Cubs, Wednesday, Sept. 25, 2024, in Philadelphia. (Matt Slocum/AP)
0 comments

PHILADELPHIA — Nick Castellanos, Trea Turner and Kody Clemens homered, and the Philadelphia Phillies beat the Chicago Cubs 9-6 on Wednesday night and clinched a first-round bye in the playoffs.

Castellanos had three hits and scored three times. Bryson Stott also had three hits and Brandon Marsh drove in three runs for the Phillies, who claimed their first NL East title in 13 years on Monday night.

Coupled with Milwaukee’s 2-1 loss to Pittsburgh, Philadelphia secured the bye and home-field advantage in the NLDS. The Phillies owned the tiebreaker with the Brewers after winning the season series against the NL Central champions.

Nico Hoerner homered twice for Chicago, and Isaac Paredes hit four singles. The Cubs lost two of three in the series to finish with a 39-42 road record. 

Philadelphia closed out the home portion of its regular season with a 54-27 mark. A crowd of 42,438 was on hand for the 47th sellout of the season, running the home attendance to 3,308,638 on the year.

The Phillies finish with three games at Washington, beginning on Friday. Philadelphia can clinch home-field advantage through the NL Championship Series by ending the season tied with or ahead of the Los Angeles Dodgers, who entered Wednesday a half-game in front of the Phillies at 93-64.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Luis Robert Jr. takes responsibility for White Sox’s struggles
Orioles pitcher Grayson Rodriguez to miss post-season with lat injury
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/phillies-beat-cubs-clinch-first-round-bye-in-playoffs/ 
 ----- 
