Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Miami Heat
TICKETS
PREMIUM
TEAM
SCHEDULE
MEDIA
COMMUNITY
HEAT NATION
SHOP
KASEYA CENTER
SEARCH
Coup's Takeaways: Adebayo Takes Control Of The Offense As Miami Cruises In Mexico City
Couper Moorhead
November 3, 202412:49 AM EDT

1. You aren’t going to prove anything against this Washington Wizards group, with three rookies and one sophomore in their starting lineup, but you can use these games to get right.

Bam Adebayo sure took advantage of the opportunity, going right at No. 2 pick Alex Sarr – full of potential, getting bumped and moved around a bit early on as rookies will do – with Miami’s first touch of the game and didn’t slow down from there. Erik Spoelstra made a point after Wednesday’s loss to New York that he was taking responsibility for Adebayo not getting enough offensive touches through the HEAT’s first four games, and the follow up to that statement was 13 shots and 20 points all in the first half, the latter already standing as a season high.

Meanwhile, the Wizards were shooting zero for the three-point line and showing off all the signs of youth, the mistakes of inexperience hand-in-hand with the flashes of long-term potential. Sarr may have had trouble dealing with Adebayo’s aggression, but he responded all the same, hitting some runners and coming up with four (of Washington’s 10) first-half blocks. Miami led by as much as 17, the game relatively calm and breezy as their threes fell, yet Washington had an 11-2 run in them once a few jumpers started falling, all that length and athleticism on the court producing actionable turnovers. Miami by eight at the break, a solid lead just not as comfortable as it once was.

More of Miami getting the looks they wanted to open the third, including Adebayo just about putting Sarr through the rim with a forceful driving dunk. HEAT back up 18 with the quickness, Pelle Larsson getting minutes (along with Josh Richardson) with Duncan Robinson out and enjoying a practice shot in the corner. Then it was 20 and it looked like Washington was running out of punches, both sides playing out the string as the Wizards sat back in zone.

Nothing much of note in the fourth quarter, Miami finishing this one out 118-98 to take their record to 3-2.

2. It would have been foolish to think Adebayo was ever at risk for going an entire season with a sub-20 percent usage rate, but it was fair to wonder where and when his touches would come due to the sheer number of shot creators on Miami’s roster. It’s remains fair to ask that of him and everyone else, no questions being answered five games into the year, as tonight was similar to last weekend’s victory in Charlotte in that the Wizards had plenty of mismatches to poke at as Adebayo (32 points on 24 shots) was the focal point of the offense all evening, nobody else even topping 15 attempts.

The main one of those mismatches was Sarr, who Adebayo spent the entire game welcoming to the league. Sarr has all the length to be one of the league leaders in blocks some day, but you need a little physicality to keep yourself in position to make those blocks happen and rookies typically need a season or two in the weight room to get where they will need to be. On the very first possession of the game Adebayo buried Sarr under the rim, generally getting wherever he wanted with shoulder bumps, and thrice Adebayo dunked right through Sarr. Give Sarr (17 points on 11 shots) credit for a couple tough stops and a handful of smooth scores, never backing down, but the first few rounds of this divisional matchup goes to Adebayo without question.

Adebayo also hit his first three of the season, and his second and third, all wide-open looks against a turned-around defense. It’s far too early to know where Adebayo’s true percentages will end up – that can take more than a season, depending on volume – but for now Adebayo’s three-ball something we’ve seen him take only on occasion when left open, as he often has been. The real impact comes once he’s made enough and defenses start pulling out to the line to respect the shot.

3. It’s far too early to make any sort of proclamations but it’s worth noting just how good Jimmy Butler’s – having an effective but staying relatively in the flow of things through the first couple weeks – mid-range jumper has looked so far. He had been making exactly half of his shots between the paint and the arc coming into tonight and proceeded to convert all three of his attempts in this one, looking as automatic as ever.

Butler (18 points on 13 shots) struggled with his jumper throughout his first year in Miami, shooting worse than 30 percent outside of the paint, but every year since he’s steadily improved his efficiency, two years ago having maybe the best season of his career in the upper paint and mid-range then hitting a career-high 41.4 percent from deep last year. Butler has always been selective with his jumper, sometimes spending entire weeks doing nothing but attacking the paint and only shooting jumpers when the shot clock demanded it, but clearly the work has been put in and given Butler just enjoyed his 35th birthday in September. Time does nothing but make it more and more difficult for wings to get to the rim at will – true even for LeBron James and Dwyane Wade – so Butler’s jumper looking this good at this stage of his career is as positive a sign as any that he’s finding or found a path toward long-term efficiency. The rim attacks and physical play will always be there when the time requires it, but the jumpers will get you through nights like this without unnecessary leverage.

Tags
Alex Sarr
Coups Takeaways
News
Washington Wizards
JIMMY BUTLER
BAM ADEBAYO
TICKETS
All Ticket Plans
Single Game Tickets
Theme Nights & Offers
HEAT Season Tickets
Partial Plans
Group Tickets
SCHEDULE
Schedule & Scores
Road Rally Schedule
TEAM
Team Roster
Team Leaders
Game Notes
MEDIA
Team News
Videos
Photos
SHOP
New Arrivals
Men
Women
Jerseys
Headwear
HEAT NATION
HEAT App
HEAT Dancers
Burnie ‑ HEAT Mascot
HEAT Entertainment
Email Sign Up
HEAT Group Careers
Contact Us
Do Not Sell My Information
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/heat/news/coups-takeaways-adebayo-control-offense-wizards-mexico-city 
 ----- 
