SCORES
NEWS
ALL
FOOTBALL
PREMIER LEAGUE
FEATURES
TENNIS
AMERICAN SPORTS
FORMULA 1
TRANSFER NEWS
BASKETBALL
DARTS
CRICKET
RUGBY UNION
CHAMPIONS LEAGUE
MORE
FLASHSCORE NEWS
FOOTBALL
WORLD CHAMPIONSHIP
URUGUAY'S WINLESS RUN CONTINUES WITH GOALLESS DRAW AGAINST ECUADOR
Uruguay's winless run continues with goalless draw against Ecuador
Juan Pablo Aravena,
16.10.2024 05:47
Nunez couldn't break the deadlock
ČTK / AP / Matilde Campodonico
Despite creating a plethora of chances early on, Uruguay had to settle for a goalless draw against Ecuador at the Estadio Centenario in Montevideo. Still, both teams remain well placed to navigate 2026 FIFA World Cup CONMEBOL qualifying successfully.

The match started at a frantic pace, with both teams eager to establish themselves physically. However, Uruguay slowly began to take control of proceedings thanks to the contributions from two of their key performers, Federico Valverde and Darwin Nunez.

The former came close to breaking the deadlock in the 12th minute courtesy of a thunderous free-kick from 30 yards out, only to see Hernan Galindez deny him with a majestic save. Facundo Pellistri and Maximiliano Araujo also had decent opportunities, but the visiting goalkeeper was equal to each attempt.

Midway through the first half, there was little doubt that the 37-year-old veteran shot-stopper was the contest’s stand-out performer as Ecuador struggled to deal with their opponents’ intensity. Nunez had one final chance before the break with a shot on the turn from around the penalty spot, but his effort rattled the right post when Galindez was finally beaten.

As such, Uruguay returned to the dressing room still on level terms, yet there was no question Marcelo Bielsa’s men had the better of the opening 45 minutes and were well poised to make their superiority count after the interval.

However, La Celeste struggled to match their first-half display after the restart, with Ecuador deserving praise for their defensive strength as the match progressed.

A sudden lack of ideas from the home side translated into very few openings, and even though Uruguay continued to dominate possession, they didn’t do much with it. Ecuador, meanwhile, played on the counter and, while the pace of substitute Kevin Rodriguez proved to be an asset, La Tri barely threatened Sergio Rochet between the Uruguay sticks.

Uruguay went all out on the attack in the final minutes, but their attempts to break the deadlock were ultimately in vain.

Ecuador will undoubtedly be happy with the point, which means manager Sebastian Becaccece has lost just one of his first four matches in charge of the team while keeping them in the qualification spots. Bielsa and co on the other hand, will feel they deserved better, particularly based on their first-half showing. Now, they are winless in four and have not scored in 379 World Cup qualifying minutes.

Flashscore Man of the Match: Hernan Galindez (Ecuador)

The table
Flashscore
MENTIONS
Football
Ecuador
Uruguay
World Championship
Related Articles
Brazil move step closer to World Cup qualification with comfortable win over Peru
16.10.2024 05:37
Messi dazzles with three goals and two assist as Argentina put six past Bolivia
16.10.2024 05:24
Qatar's Mendes wants improvement after slow start to World Cup qualifiers
15.10.2024 19:52
Show more
Football
European Super League promoters A22 attempting to push through rebranded 'Unify League'
20 min ago
Mikel Arteta believes League Cup victory can inspire Arsenal to Premier League success
28 min ago
Rodrigo Bentancur's seven-game ban upheld after appeal is dismissed
3 h ago
League Cup quarter-final 'huge' for Howe as he seeks to end Newcastle's trophy drought
3 h ago
Premier League Team of the Week: Tottenham players stand out while Isak shines
4 h ago
Wolves reportedly agree deal to appoint Vitor Pereira as coach to replace Gary O'Neil
4 h ago
Arne Slot not worried about touchline ban with Liverpool in League Cup quarter-final action
5 h ago
Team of the Week: Son steps up for Spurs, Gimenez hits a hat-trick
5 h ago
Former international Abich says Gor Mahia must stick with coach Otieno despite poor form
5 h ago
Chelsea's Mykhailo Mudryk set to be suspended after 'adverse finding' in drugs test
5 h ago
Most Read
Nigeria's Lookman named African Footballer of the Year, Banda picks up women's award
Amorim proves his worth as Manchester United manager after bold selection calls
James Wade dumped out of Darts World Championship by Jermaine Wattimena
Price beats Barry and Menzies bursts into tears at World Championship
Advertisement
FOOTBALL
Football News
Premier League
LaLiga EA Sports
Serie A
Bundesliga
Ligue 1
Champions League
TRENDING
Formula 1
NFL 2025
NBA 2025
NHL 2025
Tennis News
Europa League
Euroleague Basketball 2025
LIVE SCORES
Indonesia - Philippines
Real Madrid - Pachuca
Monaco - PSG
Inter - Udinese
Barcelona - Atl. Madrid
Real Madrid - Sevilla
Lens - PSG
FOOTBALL SCORES
Arsenal - Crystal Palace
Southampton - Liverpool
Aston Villa - Manchester City
Crystal Palace - Arsenal
Tottenham - Liverpool
Manchester City - Everton
Liverpool - Leicester
BASKETBALL SCORES
Panathinaikos - Olimpia Milano
Barcelona - Fenerbahce
Paris - Real Madrid
Partizan - Lyon-Villeurbanne
Anadolu Efes - Crvena zvezda
Olympiacos - Virtus Bologna
Panathinaikos - Baskonia
FLASHSCORE.COM
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
GDPR and Journalism
Advertise
Contact
Mobile
Live Scores
Recommended Sites
FAQ
Audio
FOLLOW US
Facebook
X
Instagram
TikTok
MOBILE APPLICATIONS
Our mobile app is optimized for your phone. Download it for free!
Lite version
Gamble Responsibly. Gambling Therapy. 18+
Copyright © 2006-24 Flashscore.com
Set privacy
We Care About Your Privacy
We can enhance your experience on this site by personalizing the content and ads you view if you agree to let us use web tracking technologies such as cookies that help us and our 848 partners to understand how you interact with the site. This information consists of, for example, unique web browsing history, precise geolocation and unique identifiers. You can choose what technologies you allow on the ‘Manage Preferences’ button located on every page, where you can change your settings and withdraw consent any time.Third parties
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Manage Preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.flashscore.com/news/soccer-world-championship-uruguay-s-winless-run-continues-with-goalless-draw-against-ecuador/ATB2IKn1/ 
 ----- 
