Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'Need to keep it rolling': Twins punch out 20, jump in front of Tigers in WC race
Share
'Need to keep it rolling': Twins punch out 20, jump in front of Tigers in WC race
September 21st, 2024

Maureen Mullen

Share
;

10 SECONDS REMAINING

BOSTON -- It’s now or never. Backs against the wall. Win or go home. It’s do or die. No room for error.

Pick any cliché you like and it will be more than appropriate for the predicament in which the Twins, who escaped with a 12-inning, 4-2 win on Friday night at Fenway Park, currently find themselves.

Complete coverage: Twins’ clinch scenarios, tiebreakers, key games and more

The Twins and Tigers entered the day in a dead heat for the final AL Wild Card spot, two games behind Kansas City. But, it was also a no-harm, no-foul day, as the Tigers lost in Baltimore, who currently hold the first Wild Card spot. If it gets to that point, the Twins own every possible tiebreaker in a scrum that includes the Tigers, Royals and Mariners, including all two-team, three-team and four-team scenarios.

After the marathon game, there was reason for the Twins to be happy. The offense, which has struggled mightily lately, had 13 hits. Starter David Festa combined with eight relievers to record a franchise record 20 strikeouts.

“That was incredibly impressive and gutsy … you feel it watching that game,” said manager Rocco Baldelli. “We felt it in the dugout the whole game. It was a very intense-type, good game and there were so many guys that we pushed in this game. A lot of the relievers came in and those guys just went out there and willed themselves through and were very determined.

“I loved what I saw out of the guys today. It’s a huge win and our backs were up against the wall in that game. You could say, generally speaking in some ways, too, but the way that the guys continued to play hard, play well was exactly what you’re looking for. One of the better games you’re going to see.”

Related
Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Twins clear arbitration slate with contracts for all eligible players

January 9th, 2025

Twins announce plans for 2025 Winter Caravan

January 8th, 2025

What could impact Twins heading into 2025 season?

January 4th, 2025

'Confident' Festa looks to add consistency in potential playoff audition

September 4th, 2024

Twins hopeful Festa, Alcala can get back on track for stretch run

August 24th, 2024

In the top of the 12th inning, with the score tied at 1, Kyle Farmer, serving as the automatic runner at second, took third on Byron Buxton’s single to left before scoring on a Trevor Larnach single that deflected off reliever Cooper Criswell’s glove. After a walk to Carlos Correa, Matt Wallner singled to right, scoring Buxton. Willi Castro later added a sac fly to score Larnach for some always-needed insurance.

“Yeah, it was awesome,” said Festa, who threw five innings of one-run ball with six strikeouts. “The job the bullpen did, coming in after me and that big 12th inning to kind of get us that separation and then [Griffin] Jax sealing the deal.”

Festa threw a career-high 103 pitches, while the outing raised his season-innings total to a career-high 120 1/3, split between the Majors and Minors.

“I don’t feel worn down at all,” he said. “This is my career-high in innings by a lot, but I threw 100-and-whatever pitches today and that’s the first time I think I’ve done that in all of professional baseball so far. So that’s my career-high in pitch count. I don’t believe I’m worn down at all. I feel like I still feel very strong out there and I’m just trying to give the team the best chance to win.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“It’s very exciting” said Cole Sands, who struck out the side in the seventh. “It’s good to get back to the win column. Everyone chipped in tonight, it seemed like. Just need to keep it rolling.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Minnesota Twins
David Festa
You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

34 minutes ago

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/twins-win-extra-inning-marathon-against-red-sox 
 ----- 
