Skip to content
Subscribe Now
31°F
Monday, January 13th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Mets surge to 6th straight win behind Peterson and Lindor
New York Mets’ David Peterson (23) pitches against the Boston Red Sox during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Tuesday, Sept. 3, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)
By MIKE FITZPATRICK | | The Associated Press
UPDATED: September 4, 2024 at 7:42 AM EDT

NEW YORK — David Peterson struck out a career-high 11 on his 29th birthday and Francisco Lindor drove in three runs as the New York Mets beat the slumping Boston Red Sox 7-2 on Tuesday night for their sixth straight victory.

Lindor launched his 30th homer and added a pivotal RBI double, drawing another chorus of “MVP! MVP!” chants from the Citi Field crowd.

“It’s special. He’s been doing a lot of it lately, and I think you saw it was kind of contagious at the end,” Peterson said. “Those runs at the end were huge for us.”

Pete Alonso and Mark Vientos also went deep for the Mets, who remained a half-game behind Atlanta for the final NL wild card. New York (75-64) has won 13 of 18 overall, improving to a major league-best 53-31 since May 30.

“For a while, we have had a sense of urgency,” Lindor said. “And it’s not just me, it’s everybody in here.”

Vientos greeted Justin Slaten with a leadoff homer in the seventh after Lindor’s two-run shot in the third was the lone Mets hit off starter Kutter Crawford (8-13), who whiffed eight in six innings.

After fired-up reliever Reed Garrett worked out of a bases-loaded jam in the eighth to preserve a one-run lead, Lindor laced an RBI double to make it 4-2 in the bottom half.

“I love that,” Lindor said. “I want those moments.”

Brandon Nimmo followed with a sacrifice fly and Alonso connected for a two-run homer, his 31st longball of the season.

Lindor, who also stole his 26th base, is batting .362 with six homers, seven doubles, 12 RBIs and 14 runs during a 14-game hitting streak — one shy of his career high. He has reached base in a career-best 32 straight games, the longest active streak in the majors.

The switch-hitter reached 30 homers for the fifth time. The only shortstop with more is Alex Rodríguez (seven).

Peterson (9-1) pitched six splendid innings, allowing one run while lowering his ERA to 2.75 and winning his fourth consecutive decision. All six hits off the left-hander were singles — many of them coming on soft contact.

“We were able to execute with the fastballs up at the top of the zone,” Peterson said. “We were getting swings and misses, and so kept going back to it.”

Early in the game, he threw a career-best 16 consecutive strikes as the first four innings zipped by in 59 minutes. New York is 14-3 in Peterson’s starts since he made his season debut May 29 after recovering from hip surgery.

“He executed. True professional,” Lindor said. “He has come a long way. I’m super happy for him.”

Peterson became the first Mets starter to earn a win on his birthday since Dillon Gee in April 2012.

”I’ll take that. That’s a good enough present for me,” Peterson said. “Call the family and say goodnight. Yeah, that’ll top it off.”

Nick Sogard had an RBI single and pinch-hitter Enmanuel Valdéz provided a bases-loaded sacrifice fly for the fading Red Sox, who have dropped four in a row and five of six. They’ve totaled five runs in those defeats.

Boston (70-69) is 4 1/2 games behind Kansas City for the last American League playoff berth.

“The line is not moving. I mean, we put pressure on them tonight — but we’re much better than this. Much better. We’ve just got to keep working,” manager Alex Cora said. “We’re grinding with the players. This is a good offensive club that is going through a bad stretch right now.”

TRAINER’S ROOM

Red Sox: SS Trevor Story, sidelined since April 6 by a dislocated left shoulder, could be close to coming off the injured list. Story had a scheduled day off at Triple-A Worcester after playing five innings Monday in his second rehab game — and first appearance at shortstop. He’s slated to play shortstop again Wednesday and doesn’t necessarily need to play nine innings there before rejoining the Red Sox, Cora said. … RHP Liam Hendriks will make another rehab appearance Wednesday for Worcester and then hopefully pitch again Thursday at Triple-A. Boston would like the veteran reliever to get through back-to-back outings before returning to the big leagues. Hendriks has been out all season following Tommy John surgery.

Mets: RHP Paul Blackburn (bruised right hand) permitted one run over 6 2/3 innings during a rehab start with Triple-A Syracuse. He threw 75 pitches. … RHP Dedniel Núñez (forearm tightness) will keep receiving treatment throughout the homestand this week. For now, the team doesn’t think an MRI is necessary, manager Carlos Mendoza said.

UP NEXT

All-Star RHP Tanner Houck (8-9, 3.12 ERA) faces Mets RHP Tylor Megill (3-5, 4.82) in the series finale Wednesday night. Megill returned from the minors last Friday and earned a 5-1 win in Chicago over the lowly White Sox, striking out six in 5 1/3 innings.

Originally Published: September 4, 2024 at 7:40 AM EDT
Around the Web
Wrinkle Reducer Keeps Selling out on Amazon - Find out Why
The Skincare Magazine
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
The Worst City in America is Found in South Carolina
Definition
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Dog Growls at Wall Until Dad Smells Something Strange and Rips It Down
novelodge
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth Might Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
HIV: the Stages of the Disease and the Early Symptoms
TrendingResults
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Casinos Hate You Doing This but They Can't Stop You
Casino Review Journal
The One and Only Wd40 Trick Everyone Should Know
habittribe
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe the Baldness
BioGrow
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
North Charleston: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside
Senior Living
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Neuro Zoom
Neuropathy Linked to This Common Household Item (Stop Using It Now)
WG Nuero
Unexpected Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency Unveiled!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Doctor: Brain Scan Uncovers the Real Root Cause of Tinnitus (Ear Ringing)
ZenCortex
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Hair Loss is Not From Age or Genetics: Meet the Main Enemy
WG Hair Restore
Unbelievable: Calculator Shows The Value of Your House Instantly
Home Value
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Chiropractors Stunned: 30 Seconds to a Life Free of Back Pain?
WellnessGaze Back Health
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
30% Off Denim That Feels as Good as It Looks
Lucky Brand
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Breakfast: 15 Foods You Should Never Eat in the Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
The Fungus Will Disappear in 3 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Xitox
8 Top Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
How to Make Extra Money on The Side in 2025
The Penny Hoarder
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Busy Schedule? Let Irobot Take Care of The Cleaning
iRobot
This Simple After-Dinner Ritual Might Help You Get Rid of Stubborn Body Fat!
The Daily Survivor
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
Worst Foods for Diabetics That Should Be Avoided
Definition
Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance: View List Now!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Blood Sugar Above 100? Try This Tonight
Healthy Living Club
10 Foods to Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in North Charleston Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? Prepare to Have Your Mind Blown!
Tardive Dyskinesia
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia - You Will Be Surprised!
Tardive Dyskinesia
Experts Stunned: Easy Solution for Years of Joint Pain and Arthritis
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
Anyone With Blurry Eyesight Should Watch This (They Hide This From You)
WellnessGaze Vision
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Antisemitic remarks made by Trenton official are ignored to fill cabinet vacancy (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Princeton women’s basketball beats Harvard on Ashley Chea’s buzzer beater
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Emails dispute assertions about animal shelter made by Trenton Mayor Gusciora
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
Today in History: January 12, Haiti earthquake kills an estimated 300,000
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
HS Wrestling Wrap: Hopewell Valley sweeps quad meet at West Windsor South
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
National Human Trafficking Awareness Day observed at Atlantic City Hard Rock Casino
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Xaivian Lee scores 22 to carry Princeton men’s basketball past Harvard
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Excerpts from President-elect Donald Trump’s sentencing
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
Burlington County Commissioners Approve Zero-Interest Loans for 12 Homeowners to Make Improvements
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
2024
September
4
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2024/09/04/mets-surge-to-6th-straight-win-behind-peterson-and-lindor/ 
 ----- 
