Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
Betting News How to Bet Sportsbook Reviews Podcasts Covers Videos Covers Writers
Brazil vs Costa Rica Odds, Picks & Predictions: Vini Vengeance on Day 5 of Copa America 2024

Entering Copa America 2024 with the second-best odds of taking home the trophy, Vini Jr. & Co. should wear down Costa Rice in Monday's Group D opener. Find out more in our Brazil vs. Costa Rica betting picks.

Tom Oldfield • Betting Analyst
Jun 22, 2024 • 17:55 ET • 4 min read
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

Brazil’s first stop on the path to reclaiming South American bragging rights is Monday’s clash with Costa Rica, as Copa America 2024 odds continue to heat up.

The Brazilians carry the weight of lofty expectations into Group D action despite painful memories from their past two major tournaments, and they’re favorites to make a winning start here in the latest Copa America odds.

However, Costa Rica are no strangers to pulling off big-time upsets, and I expect Los Ticos to at least make El Seleção work for the three points at SoFi Stadium. My Brazil vs Costa Rica predictions highlight the must-have betting tips for this June 24 matchup.

Brazil vs Costa Rica picks, predictions, and betting tips

My best bet:
Brazil moneyline & Under 3.5 goals (+102 at Betano)

My analysis

No Neymar or Gabriel Jesus. No Casemiro or Thiago Silva. There’s unquestionably a different feel to this Brazil squad, but I can’t see any other outcome than a victory for Dorival Junior’s men in their Group D opener.

While the standalone Brazil moneyline comes at a hefty price of -625, I’m chasing more value in pairing that with Under 3.5 goals.

This fixture is a huge step up in quality for Costa Rica after comfortable recent victories over St. Kitts & Nevis and Grenada in World Cup qualifying action, and Los Ticos will be taking a cautious approach against a star-studded Brazil attack.

Going further back, we’ve seen some wildly erratic performances from Costa Rica on the big stage. They lost 7-0 to Spain in their first game at the 2022 World Cup but followed that up with a 1-0 win over Japan.

Brazil’s talent edge will eventually wear down their opponent, but they may have to work hard to craft openings against a disciplined Costa Rica defense — and that brings this Under into play.

Though a front three of Vinicius Jr., Rodrygo, and Endrick oozes class, they may not hit top gear at the very outset of this tournament, and there’s also a scenario where the Brazilians take their foot off the gas after securing the lead.

Vini Jr. odds, prop for today

My best bet
Anytime goalscorer (+115 at Betano)

My analysis

Fresh off Champions League and La Liga glory with Real Madrid, Vini Jr. arrives in electric form, and one of the arguments for Brazil lifting the Copa America trophy is that he’s set to emerge as the best player at the tournament.

But for all his dribbling and trickery, Vini Jr. has struggled to deliver a consistent end product at the international level. He’s somehow only scored three goals for Brazil in 30 games, which is an eyebrow-raising return for such an elite player.

I expect Vini Jr. to start with a bang on Monday and put that narrative in the past. His meager Brazil goal tally helps to explain why his anytime scorer prop comes with plus odds in a game that El Seleção are expected to dominate.

Vini Jr. found the back of the net in the Champions League final and I like his chances of getting on the scoresheet against a Costa Rice defense that will be stretched at times.

Brazil vs Costa Rica same-game parlay (SGP)

Brazil moneyline & Under 3.5 goals

Brazil first-half moneyline

Brazil Under 7.5 corners

+350 at Betano

With a sea of yellow jerseys expected at SoFi Stadium, Brazil should get off to a roaring start. Their front three is poised to test Los Ticos from the first whistle, and it would be no surprise to see the Brazilians snatch an early goal.

That’s enough to make the Brazil first-half moneyline part of my SGP, with question marks over how the Costa Rica gameplan will shift if the underdogs fall behind.

I’m also picking an Under on the Brazilians’ corner count. Looking at their recent outings, they’ve fallen short of eight corners in all six of their CONMEBOL 2026 World Cup qualifying games, and I’m sticking with those trends here.

Brazil should have plenty of possession on Monday but I see Costa Rica sitting very deep and keeping most of the play in front of what could quickly become a five-man defensive unit.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

The Beautiful Game Lives at Betano this Summer

Make your plays with one of Ontario's best sportsbooks, as Betano offers a wide variety of markets — and same-game parlays — covering every major national and club competition.

The game starts now!

Sign Up Now  

Learn more by reading our comprehensive Betano sportsbook review.

Brazil vs Costa Rica odds
Brazil		Costa Rica
-588	Moneyline	+2,000
Over 3.5 (-118)	Total	Under 3.5 (-143)
+700	Draw	+700

Odds courtesy of Betano on 6-22

Brazil vs Costa Rica game info
Location:	SoFi Stadium, Inglewood, CA
Date:	Monday, June 24, 2024
Time:	9:00 p.m. ET
TV:	FS1

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.

Pages related to this topic
Soccer Betting Sites
World Cup betting sites
College football betting sites
Women's World Cup betting sites
   
Tom Oldfield
Betting Analyst

Tom Oldfield’s sports writing journey over the past 20 years has taken him from the Premier League and Champions League to the NFL, NBA, WNBA and MLB, with a wide range of articles and betting previews. Tom has worked closely with London’s Sportsbeat sports news agency as well as (thrillingly!) covering the Toronto Raptors’ 2019 NBA championship run, and he has appeared on BBC World Service and The Back Page podcast.

A graduate of the University of Nottingham in the UK, he is the author of biographies on Cristiano Ronaldo, Rafael Nadal, Gary Neville and Cesc Fabregas, and he co-authors a long-running series of children’s soccer books with his brother, Matt.

As a regular bettor across the top sports leagues, particularly with FanDuel and bet365, he is well versed on all the major markets and the next big game is rarely far from his thoughts. The best betting advice he has received is to monitor multiple sportsbooks to grab the best possible value.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Star player prop
Same-game parlay
Odds
Game info
Popular Content
 Man United vs Newcastle Predictions & Picks for Monday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 28, 2024
 West Ham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 28, 2024
 Liverpool vs Leicester City Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 25, 2024
 Wolves vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 25, 2024
 Tottenham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 20, 2024
 Crystal Palace vs Arsenal Predictions & Picks for Saturday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 20, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2024 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/soccer/brazil-vs-costa-rica-prediction-picks-6-24-2024 
 ----- 
