Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
California fires
Ohio State vs Texas
US winter storm
TikTok ban
SPORTS
Dominant throughout October, Diamondbacks bullpen falters in World Series Game 1 defeat
1 of 5 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Paul Sewald walks to the dugout after giving up two runs the Texas Rangers in the ninth inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Friday, Oct. 27, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

2 of 5 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Miguel Castro watches Texas Rangers’ Adolis Garcia game-winning home run during the 11th inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Friday, Oct. 27, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. The Rangers won 6-5. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

3 of 5 |  

Texas Rangers’ Adolis Garcia hits a game-winning home run off Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Miguel Castro during the 11th inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Friday, Oct. 27, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. The Rangers won 6-5. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

4 of 5 |  

Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Miguel Castro throws against the Texas Rangers during the 11th inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Friday, Oct. 27, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Brynn Anderson)

5 of 5 |  

Texas Rangers’ Corey Seager celebrates his two run home run off Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Paul Sewald during the ninth inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Friday, Oct. 27, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)

BY  RONALD BLUM
Updated 7:02 AM UTC, October 28, 2023
Share

ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — Paul Sewald watched the end of his first World Series game in the Arizona Diamondbacks clubhouse and the trainer’s room, not from the center of a celebration on the mound as he had imagined.

“There’s no worse feeling in this game than being the closer and blowing the save opportunity at the last second,” he said after Arizona’s 6-5, 11-inning loss to Texas on Friday night. “This team battled for 8 1/2 innings and had the lead and my job is to finish games when I get in there and I did not, and it came back to bite us.”

Sewald entered with a 5-3 lead against the Rangers in the ninth inning. He started No. 9 hitter Leody Tavares with a called strike but then walked him on four straight fastballs, the first high and the next three outside.

After striking out Marcus Semien on a high fastball, Sewald tried to overpower Corey Seager at the top of the strike zone. The 2020 World Series MVP drove the 93.6 mph pitch about two dozen rows into the right-field seats, tying the score and handing Sewald his first blown save in seven chances this postseason.

Two innings later, Adolis García drove a low sinker from Miguel Castro the other way and over the right-field wall for a winning homer.

RELATED STORIES
Phillies gamble on 1-year contract for 2-time All-Star closer Jordan Romano
Pitcher Clay Holmes agrees to $38 million, 3-year contract with Mets, AP source says
Red Sox and Aroldis Chapman finalize $10.75 million, one-year contract

“You don’t anticipate giving up a two-run home run and tying the score in the bottom of the ninth inning with one out,” Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said. “You’re kind of counting it backwards and you’re thinking in a very positive way. So the shock factor was very high.”

Some Diamondbacks fans surely thought back to the 2001 World Series against the New York Yankees, when Byung-Hyun Kim gave up Tino Martinez’s tying ninth-inning homer and Derek Jeter’s winning drive in the 10th inning of Game 4, then allowed Scott Brosius’ tying home run in the ninth inning of a 12-inning loss in Game 5.

Arizona won that thrilling classic in seven games, but now the team’s last three World Series losses have all followed tying home runs in the ninth.

The Diamondbacks’ bullpen entered Friday with a 2.94 ERA this postseason and hadn’t blown a save since the regular season.

Arizona pitchers, however, lost their grip in the World Series opener. They walked 10, and three of those runners scored, including Seager in the first and third.

“You can’t walk 10 batters in a World Series game and expect to hold them in the situation that we held them in,” Lovullo said. “It was a matter of time before something happened, and it did.”

Sewald was frustrated with his approach against Taveras.

“Three misses in kind of the exact same spot, kind of arm side,” he said. “I don’t really understand why I was rushing there.”

Seager had been 0 for 5 with three walks in his career against Sewald.

“You have to try and get the bottom of the lineup before the top comes up. That’s what I’ll be most frustrated with, was walking Taveras,” Sewald said. “Seager is one of the 10 best players in this league, and you’ve just got to try and face him with nobody on there.”

Castro relieved Kyle Nelson with one out in the 11th for his World Series debut. He fell behind García 3-1.

“The pitches weren’t landing the way I wanted to,” Castro said. “The pitches were a little bit off balance.”

In the clubhouse, Nelson tried to console Sewald.

“I just went by him, gave him a pat,” Nelson said. “A moment like that, he goes through his own process.”

Sewald was quick to look ahead to Game 2.

“Not the first blown save, probably won’t be the last,” he said. “Just got to try and get back tomorrow and I hope more than anything that these guys get me a lead and I get the exact same chance tomorrow and hopefully I pitch a little bit better and we walk out of here with a win.”

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
Online Calculator for Car...
Cars Value
:
Advertisement
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
U.S. citizen denied entry into Poland after security staff object to handwritten notes i...
Skip Ad
Ad 
 Unmute
Military doctor pleads guilty to dozens of sexual abuse charges
A military doctor has pleaded guilty to sexually abusing dozens of soldiers at...
AP News
Appeals court denies bid to block public release of special...
A federal appeals court has denied a bid to block the public release of special couns...
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in Iowa (Check Zip Code) 
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Why Choose a Fiducia ry Advisor?
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From Iowa That Seniors Can Book Fo...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you own a mouse, you have to try this game. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
What if WW1 had split the U.S. into many tiny states? Game simulates...
This strategy game makes you become a player in the crucial situations of history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Japanese Endocrinolo gists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
Military strategy game criticized for being 'too realistic'
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
8 Things To Know About Lupus and Autoi mmune Conditions
GoodRx
Advertisement:
Learn More
Trump, the 'America First' candi date, has a new preoccupation:...
Donald Trump ran on a return to his “America First” foreign policy platform....
AP News
DeSantis nominee for UWF board says women shouldn't...
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. (AP) — For years, politi cal scientist Scott Yenor has advocated f...
AP News
Game shows what the world without US milit ary interventions...
History Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
PanzerQuest
Advertisement:
The Heart Wind Spinn er Is Taking Iowa By...
Zekear
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Judge scraps Biden's Title IX rules, reversing expansion of...
The Biden administration’s Title IX rules expanding protections for LGBTQ+...
AP News
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
All New Hyundai Palis ade For Seniors Simpl y Amazes - See The...
Go Find You New Hyundai Palisade 2024
Advertisement:
Learn More
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
New Senior Living Apartments Are Stunn ing (Take a Look)
Senior Apartments
Advertisement:
by Taboola
Suggested For You
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No Install. Play for free.
Combat Siege:Advertisement
Play Now
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx:Advertisement
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisions in the Moment
Dexcom:Advertisement
Click Here
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
Historical Strategy Game:Advertisement
Play Now
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/world-series-dbacks-bullpen-c4b244d98621d5b97b2c4fd5d98508cf 
 ----- 
