MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL
2023 World Series Game 1 highlights: Rangers beat Diamondbacks on Adolis García walk-off
Updated Oct. 28, 2023 12:38 a.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK

If Game 1 is an indication, any concerns about the 2023 World Series being "uninteresting" are greatly exaggerated. The Texas Rangers took an instant classic, beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-5 behind Adolis Garcia's 11th-inning walk-off home run after Corey Seager's game-tying two-run blast in the ninth. 

García's home run made him the new all-time MLB leader for RBIs in a single postseason with 22, surpassing the mark set by David Freese in 2011. 

García is also the second player in MLB history to hit a walk-off home run in his World Series debut and is tied for the second-most home runs in a single postseason in league history, one shy of his good friend Randy Arozarena.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

It was already a vastly entertaining game even before the late heroics, as the D-backs became the first team to find consistent success against Nathan Eovaldi, causing chaos on the basepaths and getting clutch hits from stars Corbin Carroll and Ketel Marte and a home run from Tommy Pham.

But the Rangers had the last laugh thanks to two of their star sluggers, Seager and García.

Check out all the highlights below!

Arizona Diamondbacks vs. Texas Rangers (8:03 p.m. ET on FOX and the FOX Sports app)

1-2-3 Start!

Council Bluffs: 50+ Cat Breeds - Wooden Puzzles Prices Start At $5.99
Prices start at $5.99. Can You Solve These Challenging Wooden Puzzles? Put Your Skills to the Test.
Craft Hub|Sponsored
Penn State coach James Franklin believes 'everybody should be in a conference'
Penn State coach James Franklin, sitting next to Notre Dame's Marcus Freeman, called for consistency across college football.
Online Calculator for Car Resale
Looking to sell your car but now sure how much its worth? Discover it NOW
Cars Value|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Russell Wilson 'not blinking' amid Steelers WR George Pickens' struggles
Russell Wilson is mitigating cause for concern surrounding WR George Pickens, who has struggled mightily these final few weeks.

Nathan Eovaldi retired the side in order to begin his long-awaited first career start in the World Series.

Carter cool

21-year-old Rangers rookie Evan Carter continued his incredible start to his MLB career, driving in Corey Seager for the series' first run.

The kid is alright

Right where he left off!

ALCS MVP Adolis García continued his hot hitting, driving in Carter with an RBI single.

Whatever works!

Nearing history

Can you take me higher?

Excellent Eovaldi

Nathan Eovaldi struck out the side in the second, much to the delight of this Rangers fan who is apparently getting a head start on Halloween.

The Answerbacks strike back!

Who else but Corbin Carroll to leg out a two-run, game-tying triple in the top of the third?

Carroll wheels give D-backs the lead!

Corbin Carroll somehow beat Nathaniel Lowe's throw home to give Arizona its first lead of this World Series.

Ketel Marte wins America free tacos!

Marte became the first player in the World Series to steal a base, meaning that Taco Bell's annual "steal a taco" giveaway is back on!

Take a walk!

Zac Gallen ran into trouble again in the bottom of the third, issuing a two-out, bases-loaded walk to Mitch Garver to tie the game.

Go ahead Pham!

The Diamondbacks snatched the lead right back thanks to the first home run of the 2023 World Series courtesy of Tommy Pham.

Ketel adds another!

An RBI double from Ketel Marte gave Arizona a 5-3 lead over Eovaldi and the Rangers.

Evan Longoria joins some Hall of Famers

Great speed, better play!

Corbin Carroll nearly had another hit, but the Rangers just barely beat his speed on this drag bunt.

Staying aggressive

Gallen recovered well

The D-backs ace caught up with Tom Verducci to chat about how he bounced back after a rough beginning to Game 1.

The World Series (Travis's version)

NFL star Travis Kelce showed up at the World Series — and before you ask, no, his rumored girlfriend Taylor Swift was not with him, though Kelce was dancing to "Shake It Off."

They. Are. Speed.

Gray strikes out the side

Rangers starter turned reliever kept his team within striking distance by striking out the side in the eighth inning.

Ginkel gets out of the jam!

Diamondbacks reliever Kevin Ginkel was able to retire Nathaniel Lowe and Josh Jung to get out of a two-on, one-out jam and preserve the Diamondbacks' lead.

Air Adolis!

A nice leaping grab from Adolis García on a Corbin Carroll fly ball helped keep the Rangers' deficit at two.

COREY SEAGER HOME RUN FOR THE TIE

VIVA EL BOMBÍ

ADOLIS GARCÍA CALLS GAME WITH AN 11TH-INNING WALK-OFF.

RELATED STORIES

Rangers or Diamondbacks? World Series predictions, 5 burning questions
World Series preview: Rangers vs. Diamondbacks — who's got the edge?
World Series legacy rankings: Who has the most to gain from this year's Fall Classic?
Rangers-Diamondbacks: Ben Verlander's World Series preview, prediction
Five biggest moves that put Rangers, Diamondbacks on World Series trajectory
World Series first look: 5 things we've learned in Diamondbacks' playoff run
World Series first look: 5 things we've learned in Rangers' playoff run

[Want great stories delivered right to your inbox? Create or log in to your FOX Sports account, follow leagues, teams and players to receive a personalized newsletter daily.]

SHARE
MLB TRENDING
25 Bold Predictions for 2025: Shohei wins Cy Young; Sanders duo to Raiders
Former Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz dies at 37, no cause of death announced
Reuniting Rickey Hill with his ring, 37 years later
VIEW MORE
Get more from Major League Baseball
Follow your favorites to get information about games, news and more
FOLLOW
IN THIS TOPIC
Major League Baseball
Arizona Diamondbacks
Texas Rangers
MLB - Arizona Diamondbacks vs. Texas Rangers - 10/28/2023
Corbin Carroll
Corey Seager
Nathan Eovaldi
Zac Gallen
Evan Carter
Adolis García
Tommy Pham
Mitch Garver
Ketel Marte
Ben Verlander
Alex Curry
David Ortiz
Derek Jeter
Alex Rodriguez
Kevin Burkhardt
Joe Davis
John Smoltz
Tom Verducci
Ken Rosenthal
Flippin' Bats with Ben Verlander
SPONSORED CONTENT
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing...
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
New Small Electric Car For Seniors - The Price May Surpris...
FavoriteSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Think all financial advisors are the same? Think again.
Don’t gamble with your retirement. See why more people are choosing fiduciary advisors.
Bankrate
|
Sponsored
Read Now
Empty Cruises Departing From Iowa That Seniors Can Book For Cheap
Cruise Travel | Top Searcher Now
|
Sponsored
Learn More
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
|
Sponsored
Private Jet Flights For Sale Now (See Prices)
SearchTopics | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
Many Seniors Unaware Of Free Car Insurance Based On Their...
With affordable auto insurance options tailored specifically to the...
Car Insurance Plans | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
|
Sponsored
Average Cost to Charter A Private Jet May Surprise You (See Prices)
BestSearches | Search Ads
|
Sponsored
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/stories/mlb/2023-world-series-live-updates-diamondbacks-vs-rangers-game-1 
 ----- 
