Skip to content
Subscribe Now
22°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Local News
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
Health
Coronavirus
Fact Check
Dataworks
Michigan News
National News
Election
Sports
Sports
MIPrepZone
Sports Columns
Lions / NFL
Tigers / MLB
Pistons / NBA
Red Wings / NHL
College
Things to Do
Things to Do
Entertainment
TV Listings
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Suburban Life
Personal Tech
Vitality: Active Seniors
Pets and Animals
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Marketplace
Marketplace
Business Directory
Jobs
Today’s Ads
Special Sections
Sponsored Content
Tools
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Submit a News Tip
Comment Policy
Contests
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
García’s HR in 11th, Seager’s tying shot in 9th rally Rangers past Arizona in Series opener
Texas Rangers’ Adolis Garcia celebrates after hitting a game-winning home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the 11th inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Friday, Oct. 27, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. The Rangers won 6-5. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)
By ASSOCIATED PRESS | ap@dfmdev.com
PUBLISHED: October 28, 2023 at 8:55 AM EDT

ARLINGTON, Texas — Adolis García took a few steps while watching the ball before tossing his bat aside after another big swing this postseason. This one won an extended Game 1 of the World Series for the Texas Rangers.

RELATED ARTICLES
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Justin Verlander and Giants agree to $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
Rudy at the Bat: Giuliani fights to save his Yankees World Series rings from $148 million verdict

Once his drive cleared the right-field wall in the bottom of the 11th, two innings after Corey Seager’s tying two-run homer, García thrust his right arm high into the air as he started a trot around the bases that ended with him being mobbed at home plate — and a 6-5 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks to start this surprise World Series of wild-card teams Friday night.

“He’s on another planet,” Rangers rookie Josh Jung said. “Every time he steps into the box it’s like, grab your popcorn. … I have no words. It’s just like, wow.”

Miguel Castro entered to face García with one out, and the Cuban slugger known as El Bombi drove a 3-1 sinker the other way into the second row of seats beyond a leaping Corbin Carroll. It was García’s second RBI of the game, setting a record for most in one postseason with 22.

García has homered in five consecutive games, tied for the second-longest streak in postseason history, and he delivered the first walk-off homer in the World Series since Max Muncy connected leading off the 18th inning of Game 3 for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2018 against Boston and Nathan Eovaldi — who started for the Rangers in this one.

1 of 22

Texas Rangers' Corey Seager celebrates after hitting a two-run home run against the Arizona Diamondbacks during the ninth inning in Game 1 of the baseball World Series Friday, Oct. 27, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vásquez)

“It was an exciting moment,” García said. “I was just looking to the dugout, looking at all my (happy) teammates.”

García, the AL Championship Series MVP, also had an RBI single in the first following rookie Evan Carter’s run-scoring double. He finished with three hits and reached base five times.

He was hit on the left hand by a 92 mph fastball in the ninth but shook it off and promptly stole second base.

“I got lucky that it’s nothing worse,” García said.

In the first extra-inning game of this postseason, Texas became the first team to win a World Series game when trailing by multiple runs in the ninth since the 2015 Kansas City Royals in their clinching Game 5 against the New York Mets.

Game 2 is Saturday night in Texas, with Merrill Kelly scheduled to pitch for Arizona against Jordan Montgomery.

Seager tied it in the ninth when he drove closer Paul Sewald’s fastball deep into the right-field stands with one out after the inning began with No. 9 hitter Leody Taveras drawing a walk.

“Everyone just started jumping for joy,” García said. “We were able to exhale.”

Normally pretty stoic, Seager had another emphatic show of emotion this postseason, immediately turning and yelling toward the dugout with the ball headed for the seats. He thrust both arms into the air when he rounded first base.

“He might have turned it up a notch, to be honest. He saved us there,” Rangers manager Bruce Bochy said. “You can see it in him. He gets everybody fired up.”

José Leclerc retired all six batters he faced for the win, and five Texas relievers combined for 6 1/3 scoreless innings.

The blown save for Sewald, first in seven chances this postseason, was the first glaring blip for a Diamondbacks bullpen that’s been brilliant in October.

“It’s frustrating. This is how the game goes sometimes. And we’ve got to find a way to be resilient and adaptable and come out with a clean mind and do our best,” Arizona manager Torey Lovullo said. “I have every reason to believe we will. We’ve done it a lot this year.”

Seager’s tying shot was similar to the solo homer he hit in Game 7 of the ALCS at Houston four nights earlier, and the reaction was as well. That one put the Rangers ahead to stay in the series clincher, with the All-Star shortstop giving a massive hand slap to third base coach Tony Beasley and jumping in the dugout with his teammates.

“Very emotional times. He hit those balls so hard. If I did that, I’d be screaming, too,” Texas second baseman Marcus Semien said.

“This is fun. This is playoffs. This is kind of what it’s all about,” Seager said. “It was a cool moment, for sure.”

Game 1 of the World Series went to extra innings for the second year in a row — which had never happened. Unlike the regular season, there are no automatic runners placed at second base to start extra innings in the postseason.

Arizona had a 4-3 lead after Tommy Pham hit a tiebreaking homer leading off the fourth. An inning later, Ketel Marte’s RBI double matched a record by stretching his postseason hitting streak to 17 games. Marte is the only player to get a hit in each of his first 17 postseason games.

Carroll hit a two-run triple for the Diamondbacks and dashed home on Marte’s grounder in the third. Texas tied it in the bottom half when Zac Gallen walked Mitch Garver with the bases loaded.

Gallen made it through five innings with a gritty effort for Arizona after the NL All-Star starter trailed 2-0 only four batters into the game. He equaled his season high with four walks.

Ryan Thompson, Joe Mantiply and Kevin Ginkel each pitched a scoreless inning before Sewald entered.

Two seasons after both teams lost more than 100 games, the Diamondbacks and Rangers are matched up in the third all-wild card World Series — and first since 2014.

These runnin’ Diamondbacks had four stolen bases, and their 20 this postseason are the most by any team since the 2008 Tampa Bay Rays set the record with 24. Arizona even had quite a rarity in its three-run third inning, when it had a sacrifice bunt, a triple and a stolen base.

Eovaldi’s eight strikeouts were the most by a Texas pitcher in a World Series game, but the big right-hander allowed five runs over 4 2/3 innings after giving up only five runs total while winning his first four starts this postseason.

Both teams got this far after having to win Games 6 and 7 of their respective League Championship Series on the road, which had never happened in both LCS matchups since those series expanded to a best-of-seven format in 1985.

“It’s going to be a really good series,” García said.

NOW AND THEN

Evan Longoria’s single for Arizona in the third matched his hit total in the 2008 World Series, when as a rookie with the Rays he finished 1 for 20. He became the first position player in MLB history to appear in a World Series 15 years after first playing in the Fall Classic. He also became the fourth player with a World Series hit at both age 23 or younger AND 38 or older. The others: Eddie Murray, Pee Wee Reese and Willie Mays.

DO YOU ONE BETTER

García’s walk-off homer came 12 years to the day after David Freese hit a game-ending shot in the 11th inning for the St. Louis Cardinals against Texas in Game 6 of the 2011 World Series. That was the game when Texas was twice within one strike of winning the title before Freese tied the game with a two-out triple in the ninth. Freese had 21 RBIs that postseason, the record García broke.

UP NEXT

Kelly, a 35-year-old right-hander, is 2-1 with a 2.65 ERA in three postseason starts.

Montgomery pitches for the Rangers on normal rest after the left-hander threw 2 1/3 innings Monday in relief to win Game 7 of the ALCS against Houston. The 30-year-old trade-deadline acquisition and pending free agent is 3-0 with a 2.16 ERA this postseason.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/MLB

Around the Web
New Nеurоpathу Device Leaves Experts Speechless (Works Fast)
Health Insight Journal
Iowa: New Policy for "Senior Drivers"
Comparisons.org
Look for Any High School Yearbook, It's Free!
Classmates
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You, Here's What It Means
articlestone
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Spellbound!
Tardive Diskinesia
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
Council Bluffs: New 2-bed Senior Houses Are Stunning - Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
This is Who Really Makes Costco's Kirkland Items
learnitwise
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
There's One Wd-40 Trick Everyone Must Know
habittribe
10 Food That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
thepurplepress
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
5 Companies That'll Send You Money
The Penny Hoarder
Doing This Will Make Electricity Companies Angry, but They Can't Stop You
Saving Detector
6 Best Frugal Money Hacks
The Penny Hoarder
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
They Said It Was Unstoppable, but Then This Plane Attempted to Take off
learnitwise
Pregnant Waitress Brought to Tears by Cop's Note
gloriousa
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Lioness Finds Scared Baby Deer and Then the Most Unexpected Thing Takes Place
hightally
Jeans That Go with Everything (And Look Amazing Doing It)
Lucky Brand
Melissa Sue Anderson's Daughter is Probably the Prettiest Woman Ever Existed
learnitwise
Hair Grows Back in 2 Weeks! at Any Stage of Baldness
BioGrow
Gold Vs. Cash: The Details You Should Know
GoldCo
The Fungus Will Disappear in 2 Days! Write Down an Expert's Recipe
Nuubu
Chiropractors Stunned: 30 Seconds to a Life Free of Back Pain?
WellnessGaze Back Health
Diabetes is Not From Sweets: Meet the #1 Enemy of Diabetes
WellnessGaze Diabetes
The Surprising Effects of Eating 2 Bananas Daily
HEALTH NATURAL
10 Foods You Avoid When You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Breakfast: 15 Foods Never to Eat in The Morning
HEALTH NATURAL
Squamous Cell Carcinoma is Silent but Deadly - Know the Symptoms!
Squamous Cell Carcinoma
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See the List!
Lab Grown Diamonds
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? You Won't Believe The Groundbreaking Answer!
Tardive
These Dirt-cheap Storage Units 10x20 in Council Bluffs Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units
20 Signs That a Heart Attack is Imminent
learnitwise
Anyone with Diabetes Should Watch This (What They Don't Tell You)
Control Sugar Levels
Doctors Stunned: One Simple Move Ends Years of Arthritis Pain!
Health News | Joint Pain
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
Forget Glasses: Natural Method Fix Blurry Vision Fast
WellnessGaze Vision
Neurologist: 97% of People With Neuropathy Don't Know This Crucial Thing
Wellness Gaze Nuero
I Have a Dream Martin Luther King Day Strength to Love Mlk T-shirt
I Have A Dream Tee
Take A Look At Willie Nelson's Disgusting Home
Health Trition
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Hairloss After 40 Linked to 1 Common Thing (Stop Doing This)
WG Hair Restore
Park Ranger Evacuates The Area When He Realizes What In The Nest
Outlier Model
Council Bluffs: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
The Shocking Truth About Primary Immunodeficiency - You Will Be Shocked!
Immunotherapy Treatment
Parasites Ruining Your Gut? Here's What to Do
WellnessGaze News
Doctor: Anyone With Insomnia Should Watch This (Try Tonight, It's Genius)
WG Sleep Health
Newly-discovered Root Factor in Age-related Joint Decay
Healthier Living Tips
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Three Oakland County roads to close Thursday to move historic barn
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Italian company chooses Bloomfield Township site for new US HQ
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Michigan’s first winning Mega Millions lottery ticket of 2025 sold in Macomb County
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Police arrest man who allegedly threw rocks at Ferndale businesses’ windows
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Court file: Defense offers plea deal for Detroit pastor accused of rape in Oakland County
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Bouchard OKs staff wearing Detroit Lions hats on the job; says they ‘have a lot in common’ with team
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Holly Hotel trial set for February
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Bird flu detected in Oakland County backyard flock; 11 people being monitored
Trey McKenney’s 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Trey McKenney's 37 points not enough for OLSM to top Acuff Jr., IMG Academy
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
Macy’s to close Lakeside, Oakland malls stores, company says
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
Tigers reach deal with ace Tarik Skubal, five others, to avoid arbitration
Justin Verlander and Giants agree to $15 million, 1-year contract, AP source says
Jackson Jobe tops Baseball America’s list of RHP prospects, leads half-dozen ranked Tigers
Tigers face Thursday deadline to work deals with seven arbitration-eligible players
2023
October
28
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Order Photo Reprints
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Sitemap
SUBSCRIBER SERVICE
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Share Your News
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Jobs
Real Estate Ads
MEDIANEWS GROUP ADVERTISING
Place a Classified Ad
Advertising Inquiry
MEDIANEWS GROUP
Morning Sun
Macomb Daily
Daily Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theoaklandpress.com/2023/10/28/garcias-hr-in-11th-seagers-tying-shot-in-9th-rally-rangers-past-arizona-in-series-opener/ 
 ----- 
