NHL
MLB
NBA
NFL
More
Watch
Listen
LIVE
MLB
Signing Tracker
Trade Tracker
Scoreboard
Standings
BetMGM MLB Odds
Stats
Players
Teams
Video
Twins pushed to brink of elimination after extra-innings loss to Marlins
Associated Press
September 27, 2024 - 1:08am

This is a modal window.

Playback Denied: Unavailable
Error Code: VIDEO_CLOUD_ERR_VIDEO_NOT_PLAYABLE
Technical details :
Video is not currently available for playback.
Session ID: 2025-01-10:2890de29fa816b3de3a93c62 Player Element ID: vjs_video_3
OK
Close Modal Dialog
Otto Lopez knocked a 13th-inning go-ahead double, then came around to score on Griffin Conine's two-run single as the Miami Marlins held on for an 8-6 extra-innings win over the Minnesota Twins.
4 comments

MINNEAPOLIS — Otto Lopez doubled home the go-ahead run in the 13th inning as the Miami Marlins beat the reeling Minnesota Twins 8-6 on Thursday night.

Carlos Correa homered for the Twins, who were 2 for 19 with runners in scoring position and stranded 15 on the night.

“We had every opportunity put in front of us to win that baseball game,” said Twins catcher Ryan Jeffers. “Our season is on the line and we weren’t able to execute to get that run across.”

The Twins (82-77) have lost six of their last eight and now trail the Tigers and Royals by three games in the race for the last two AL wild card spots. They would be eliminated with one more loss or one victory by Detroit and Kansas City.

“I know how we’ve played. I’ve been here and been a part of it and watched it all,” Twins manager Rocco Baldelli said. “We are not eliminated right now, at this point. And I don’t have the mindset that we are out of this. I don’t care who’s available in the pen tomorrow. I don’t care how we played today. My intention is to win out ... and see what happens.”

In the 13th, Lopez drove home automatic runner Dane Myers with a one-out drive down the left field line off Scott Blewett (1-1). Griffin Conine put the game out of reach with a two-out, two-run single off Justin Topa.

“We like playing the role of villain,” Conine said. “We want to be the spoilers. That’s what we said going in, and we got a couple of good wins this series, which is awesome.”

Anthony Maldonado (1-1) pitched two scoreless innings to earn his first career victory. Darren McCaughan allowed one run in the 13th, picking up his first save.

Trailing 4-0 after five innings, the Twins battled back, tying it on Brooks Lee’s two-run double in the eighth.

Each team scored with a sacrifice fly in the 10th.

The Twins fell behind for the third straight game as Jake Burger’s RBI double gave Miami a 1-0 lead in the first inning.

Miami (59-100) knocked out Twins starter David Festa in the fifth after he allowed singles to four of the first five batters he faced in the inning. The Marlins ended up scoring three runs on RBI singles by Xavier Edwards and Burger and an error on Jeffers, who dropped a throw at the plate.

Correa led off the sixth with a home run that caromed off the facing of the third deck in left field. The Twins tacked on a run in the seventh on a throwing error by the shortstop Edwards.

“It’s one of those that hurts,” said Twins outfielder Byron Buxton. “We know what’s at stake and we’ve got to keep pushing.”

UP NEXT

Marlins: RHP Adam Oller (1-4, 5.06) gets the nod as the Marlins open their final series of the season in Toronto on Friday. In his last start, Oller gave up two earned runs in 5 2/3 innings against Atlanta on September 21. Toronto has not named a starting pitcher.

Twins: RHP Pablo López (15-9, 4.11) will make his final start of the season against the Orioles on Friday. López allowed a season-high seven runs in four innings on Sunday at Boston. The Orioles have not named their starter.

MORE FROM SPORTSNET
Playoff Push: Royals, Tigers move closer to securing playoff berth
Yankees beat Orioles, clinch AL East title
MLB NEWS
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays, Guerrero Jr. avoid arbitration
MLBNick Ashbourne
How would Santander fit on 2025 Jays roster?
MLBSportsnet Staff
Jays Arbitration Tracker: All players sign
MLBSportsnet Staff
Arbitration Tracker: All deals at deadline
MLBShi Davidi
As a stalking horse, Jays in predictable bind
MORE HEADLINES
MLBZach Worden
Rumour Roundup: Jays made offer to Santander
MLBArden Zwelling
Sandlin eager to bring unique look to Jays
MLBAssociated Press
AP source: Verlander agrees to join Giants
MLBSportsnet Staff
A's, Rooker agree to $60M extension
MLBSportsnet Staff
Blue Jays' Manoah says 2022 mechanics are back
MLBAssociated Press
Orioles sign RHP Morton to one-year deal

COMMENTS

When submitting content, please abide by our submission guidelines, and avoid posting profanity, personal attacks or harassment. Should you violate our submissions guidelines, we reserve the right to remove your comments and block your account. Sportsnet reserves the right to close a story’s comment section at any time.

WATCH
Schedule
Subscribe
Sportsnet+ Support
LISTEN
Podcasts
SN 590
SN 650
SN 960
GENERAL
FAQ
Media Centre
Company Info
Advertise With Us
Political Ads Registry
Accessibility
Feedback
Commenting
Download our mobile apps to personalize your Sportsnet experience, get breaking news alerts and watch Sportsnet+ on the go.
DOWNLOAD THE APP
This product is only available in Canada
CONNECT
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Terms of Service
© 2025 Rogers Media. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsnet.ca/mlb/article/twins-pushed-to-brink-of-elimination-after-extra-innings-loss-to-marlins/ 
 ----- 
