Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
'La Makina' keeps chugging along, finishes another strong season
Share
'La Makina' keeps chugging along, finishes another strong season
September 28th, 2024

Keegan Matheson

@KeeganMatheson
Share
;

13 SECONDS REMAINING

TORONTO -- José Berríos is, once again, who he has always been.

He’s Ol’ Reliable, a pitcher who nearly lulls you to sleep with his consistency. He’s the man they call La Makina, the machine that just keeps chugging forward, over and over again.

Friday’s dreadful 15-5 loss to the Marlins at Rogers Centre was the rare outlier, an ugly outing that, in its own strange way, highlighted just how good Berríos has been for the Blue Jays down the stretch. Berríos entered Friday's start -- during which he permitted six runs with three walks in three innings -- having allowed just nine earned runs over his last eight starts (53 2/3 IP), good for a 1.51 ERA over that span, so the unexpected stumble on the way out the door isn’t much to worry about.

Berríos’ numbers finish in the familiar spots, a 3.60 ERA next to his 192 1/3 innings. That workload ranks him seventh in baseball this season behind only Seth Lugo, Logan Webb, Logan Gilbert, Corbin Burnes, Aaron Nola and Zack Wheeler. That’s one fine table to be seated at.

Consistency always carries an air of mystery, though. Breakout seasons are easier to define because you can typically point to a “big thing” that changes, whether that be a new pitch, a velocity spike or a swing change. Ask manager John Schneider if anything has looked different about Berríos this season, though -- anything that really separates this year from all the others -- and he’s stumped.

“You know what … not really? And I think that’s a good thing,” Schneider explained. “We’ve just come to expect this from him. I always go back to the way he takes care of himself and how durable he is. There’s not really anything [that stands out]. He’s just right there in a really good, consistent way.”

Related
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

Why slugging Santander, Toronto could be ideal match

January 6th, 2025

Stars rally for Berríos and Báez's charity event in Puerto Rico

December 15th, 2024

History eludes Berríos, but run of consistency stretches on

September 21st, 2024

Berríos giving back to youth one dream at a time

August 17th, 2024

If anything, the finer points of his delivery and his fastball location -- which abandoned him during an uncharacteristic 2022 season -- are as good as they’ve ever been. There’s been no grand revelation, though. In 2024, we just saw classic Berríos.

“He’s good for a reason, so this is a good ‘no answer’ to have,” Schneider added with a laugh.

Berríos finishes the season with a career-high 16 wins, which is an accomplishment given the bullpen that often pitched behind him. That group has been one of the worst we’ve seen in years in Toronto, particularly since the Trade Deadline sent this organization scouring the waiver wire on a weekly basis. Toronto’s relievers gave up nine runs behind Berríos on Friday and the eye test matched the box score. They didn’t get a scoreless inning until the ninth from … Tyler Heineman, the backup catcher.

Berríos has kept the bad days, like Friday, to a minimum. The bullpen needs a complete and total rebuild this winter, but the rotation is sticking around for 2025 and Berríos’ value to that group stretches beyond his own outings.

“Him, Kevin [Gausman] and Chris [Bassitt] all provide a level of ‘been there, done that,’” Schneider said. “It’s helped Bowden [Francis]. It’s helped Yariel [Rodríguez] in big ways. His overall professional presence has been really, really good for those two guys, Bowden and Yariel specifically, along with Kevin and Chris, too. He’s been there and he’s done that. It’s been really beneficial here.”

Even with the season now behind him, there’s something about Berríos that never turns off. By the time you read this, he’s probably in the middle of another workout, watching another video, checking next year’s schedule and mapping out lineups for week one. He’s happy, but never satisfied.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

“I’ve been feeling strong and healthy with freedom to home plate,” Berríos said. “It’s hard when you lose and you know you’re not going anywhere with a postseason spot, but I need to work. No matter what, we have to continue to focus and compete. I think I need to work on that. Other than that, I feel great with my pitches on the mound, and I had a lot of good games during the year.”

Those who follow Berríos quickly find the right path. It’s unfortunate, though, that this season from Berríos, like Gausman two days ago, ends with a whimper, well out of the playoff picture. They’re pitchers who belong in October, but too many parts of this Blue Jays roster have gotten in the way.

“He should be really proud of the things he did on and off the field,” Schneider said. “Both as a pitcher who took the ball every five days, but also in the clubhouse and what he’s done with his teammates.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Toronto Blue Jays
José Berríos

Keegan Matheson covers the Blue Jays for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/jose-berrios-finishes-strong-2024-season 
 ----- 
