Skip to content
Subscribe Now
21°F
Thursday, January 9th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBMINNESOTA TWINS
Five reasons the Twins are on the outside of the playoff picture
Here’s a look at how it happened
Minnesota Twins’ Carlos Correa throws his bat after striking out to end the bottom of the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Miami Marlins, Thursday, Sept. 26, 2024, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Abbie Parr)
By BETSY HELFAND | bhelfand@pioneerpress.com | St. Paul Pioneer Press
UPDATED: September 30, 2024 at 10:19 AM CST

The Twins’ odds to make the playoffs topped 95% on Sept. 5. Postseason play almost seemed like a given after the Twins had played like one of the best teams in the majors for large stretches of the season.

Those odds sharply dwindled as September stretched on, marking the second time in three seasons that the Twins, who entered Friday with a tragic number of one, have fallen dramatically out of the playoff picture in the final month of the season.

Here’s a look at how it happened:

Injuries

Carlos Correa was playing some of the best baseball of his career when he developed plantar fasciitis in his right heel shortly before the All-Star break, forcing him to miss much of the second half of the season. Byron Buxton missed a month with right hip inflammation, too, taking two of the Twins’ most impactful bats out of the lineup at the same time.

Max Kepler has been dealing with multiple ailments since late August and on Friday, he was transferred to the 60-day injured list, likely ending his lengthy tenure as a Twin.

On the pitching side, Joe Ryan exited his start on Aug. 7 against the Cubs early after straining his teres major. His absence was very clearly felt as the Twins, at that point, then were forced to turn to a three-rookie rotation as Chris Paddack was already on the injured list.

Late-inning reliever Brock Stewart missed most of May, all of June, most of July and hasn’t thrown a pitch for the Twins since July 29, an absence that dramatically altered the state of the Twins’ bullpen, giving the team one less reliable option out there.

And the list of injuries goes on and on.

Offense slumping

An offense that hit so well for parts of the season fell into a prolonged slump near the end of it. Look no further than Thursday’s game when the Twins had multiple opportunities to end it in their 13-inning affair against the Marlins but finished the day 2 for 19 with runners in scoring position, unable to capitalize when it mattered most.

The Twins rank near the bottom of the league in home runs, runs scored, average, on-base percentage and slugging percentage since Aug. 18 (more on that game below), a fateful day in Texas.

Royce Lewis entered Friday with just one home run since Aug. 13 and has spoken multiple times about the challenges of staying fresh and playing through a season that’s been longer than any he has ever encountered.

Jose Miranda, who was scratched Friday with back tightness, hasn’t looked the same in the second half of the season after an injured list stint in July, which was also for his back. Miranda has hit for no power whatsoever in the second half of the season. In his 45 second-half games, he had zero home runs and had driven in just six runs.

Kepler wasn’t hitting well before his injury, Willi Castro was much better during the first half of the season and both catchers have tailed off from earlier in the season, as well.

Lack of moves

The Twins slashed payroll last offseason, which limited the front office’s ability to add impact players. They didn’t seem to have much flexibility to take on payroll at the trade deadline, either.

At that point — which was before Ryan’s injury — it seemed clear that the Twins could use some rotation help. And yet, the only move the Twins made was to trade for reliever Trevor Richards, who pitched 13 innings for the Twins before they designated him for assignment. In those 13 innings, he walked 11, hit a pair of batters and had trouble finding the strike zone.

It’s fair to wonder how differently things could have looked if the Twins had made an impact move at the deadline.

Bullpen blowups

On Aug. 18, the Twins were 70-53. They had just won their third straight game against the defending World Series champion Texas Rangers and were leading by four runs in the seventh inning when their season flipped on its head.

Jorge Alcala came in to protect that lead and gave up five runs in a matter of minutes. For some reason, things have never been the same.

Days later, left-handed reliever Steven Okert had a blowup of his own in San Diego, allowing four eighth-inning runs while retiring just a batter. The Twins, at that point, had a 5-3 lead, with six outs to go. They lost by two runs.

Those types of blowups became all too common in the last six weeks of the season. A rotation filled with three rookie starters put more weight on the bullpen and at times, the bullpen cracked, turning games they should have won into gut-punching losses.

Detroit’s resurgence

When the trade deadline rolled around in late July, the Tigers looked as if they were out of the race and they acted as sellers do, shipping Jack Flaherty off to the Los Angeles Dodgers, as part of a whole string of trades.

Coming into Aug. 11, the Tigers were 55-63 with their odds of making the playoffs at just 0.2%. They won that day and really haven’t stopped since, going from eight games under .500 to entering Friday’s play 11 games above it.

The Tigers have patched things together with a bullpen that has been the best in the majors during that stretch. It’s been a collective effort from the pitching staff, led by Tarik Skubal, who is expected to be named the American League Cy Young Award winner in a couple months.

Detroit’s resurgence saw them finally move past the Twins in the standings last Sunday.

RELATED ARTICLES
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins

Minnesota Twins Report: Breaking news, weekly updates, and insights about the Minnesota Twins.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Pioneer Press.

Originally Published: September 27, 2024 at 6:16 PM CST
Around the Web
New Breakthrough: Japanese Insoles That Help You Lose Belly Fat
Get Health Insider
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Las Vegas: Stunning New 2-bed Senior Houses: Take a Peek Inside!
Senior Living
15 Companies That Will Give You Free Food and Products Just for Asking
The Penny Hoarder
Hair Will Grow Back! No Matter How Severe The Baldness
BioGrow
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
kickass-news
Caitlin Clark Steps Out With Her New Partner And Stuns Fans
Suburban Finance
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
Travis Kelce Steps out With New Girl & Fans Are not Happy
kickass-news
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat Almost No One Knows
learnitwise
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car in The World
Stars Are Made
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
10 Ways to Pocket an Extra $2,648 Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Las Vegas: New Two Bed Senior Apartments Are Stunning! (Take a Look)
Senior Living
Put an Ice Cube in Your Burgers and Watch What Happens!
Health Review
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
Cruise Ship Encounters Pirates - Watch What the Captain Does Next!
Happy in Shape
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Simple Method Removes Mucus From Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Blurry Vision & Fading Eyesight? Try This Immediately
WellnessGaze Vision
Quick & Affordable Oil Change Near You!
Oil Change
Las Vegas: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Looking Twice!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Park Ranger Evacuates the Nevada Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Joint Pain? This 'Oil Trick' Works Like Crazy
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
Puppy Won't Leave Railway, Police Turn Pale After Discovering What He Hides
beachraider
Eat This Once (Daily) for Swollen Legs, Ankles and Feet
WellnessGaze Edema
Hidden Dangers of Psoriatic Arthritis - Don't Wait Until It's Too Late!
Psoriatic Arthritis
Neuropathy: Relieve 'Needle Pain' & Numbness - Try This at Home Today
WellnessGaze Neuro
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Answer Will Shock You! (See More Here)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
Tinnitus? Do This When the Ringing Won't Stop
WellnessGaze Tinnitus
Unexpected Causes of Primary Immunodeficiency Unveiled!
Immunodeficiency | Search Ads
Early Warning Signs of Crohn`s Disease! (Click Here to Take a Look!)
Crohn's Disease Treatment
Swelling & Trapped Fluid? Do This Immediately (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Edema
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
Forget Metformin, Do This if You Have Diabetes (Genius)
WellnessGaze Diabetes
Forget Retinol, Use This Household Item to Fill in Wrinkles
WellnessGaze Skin
Man Finds Old Suitcase in Attic, Looks Closer and Realizes Something
dailysportx
If a Cat Bites Their Owner Heres What It Really Means
gloriousa
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
10 Foods You Shouldn't Touch if You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Air Conditioners Prices in 2024 Will Surprise You (Take a Look)
Air Condition I Search Ads
9 Years Ago Most Beautiful Twins. Their Appearance Today Will Shock You
novelodge
These Dirt-cheap 10x20 Storage Units in Las Vegas Are Being Sold Almost for Nothing
Storage Units | Search Ads
Astonishing Beauty Hack! Coca-cola and Vaseline—a New Surprise!
Buzzday
This Little-known Stretch Eliminates Joint Pain in No Time (Genius)
Healthier Living Tips
US: Citizens Could Get Loans to Pay off Their Debts (Take a Look)
Debt Help | Search Ads
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Biden casts doubt on his fitness to serve another four years days before term ends
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states offer a preview
Wild buried in an Avalanche of Colorado offense
With chronic wasting disease ‘endemic,’ DNR will stop culling deer in southeastern Minnesota
Southeastern Minnesota mayor steps down as he faces child abuse charge
Timberwolves win third straight, continue to climb West standings
Charges: Man kidnapped and beaten in St. Paul in case with ties to Mexican drug cartel
Minnesota attorney general charges Twin Cities man in $7.3 million Medicaid fraud case
TRENDING NATIONALLY
Live web cams capture Los Angeles wildfires in realtime
At least 78 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
Justice Department accuses six major landlords, including Chicago-based firm, of scheming to keep rents high
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
Ex-Rep. George Santos, who turned lying into near $1M windfall, granted sentencing delay to record podcast
MORE IN MINNESOTA TWINS
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Twins choose minor league pitcher in Rule 5 draft
2024
September
27
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2024/09/27/five-reasons-the-twins-are-on-the-outside-of-the-playoff-picture/ 
 ----- 
