Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Helsley ties Cards' saves record with his 48th
Share
Helsley ties Cards' saves record with his 48th
September 26th, 2024

John Denton

@JohnDenton555
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

DENVER -- Already the author of 23 perfect 1-2-3 saves this season and the owner of one of the most dominant reliever seasons in Cardinals history, closer Ryan Helsley took his efficiency to new heights on Wednesday night while tying a coveted franchise record.

Needing just one pitch -- a 99.6 mph four-seam fastball that induced a 107.1 mph grounder right back at him from Colorado’s Sam Hilliard -- Helsley snagged the one-hopper and threw to shortstop Masyn Winn to start the double play that capped his 48th save of the season. Helsley’s one pitch secured the Cardinals’ 5-2 victory over the Rockies at Coors Field, and it tied him with Trevor Rosenthal for the franchise record in saves.

Every team's single-season saves leader

However, at that time, there was another matter that Helsley was thinking about more than equaling a mark for one of baseball’s most tradition-rich franchises.

“He was like, ‘I’m an athlete! You see, I’m an athlete!’” Cardinals catcher Pedro Pagés said of the words that Helsley screamed in his direction and toward Cardinal cornerstones Paul Goldschmidt and Nolan Arenado after fielding his position to close out the game with his only pitch. “We’re always messing with him about not being an athlete and stuff. It was fun and good to see him having fun out there.”

Helsley has needed just 52 opportunities to record the 48 saves and equal the mark set by Rosenthal in 2015.

“I give some of the hitters crap sometimes and tell them that I want to take [batting practice] and get some [at-bats],” Helsley said. “And they joke around with me. That was a fun moment to have right there.”

Equaling the club record for saves is just part of a historic season for the 30-year-old right-hander. Not only does he lead all of baseball in saves, but he set club records for consecutive saves (31) and saves before the All-Star break (32). Also, he didn’t blow a save at Busch Stadium all season, going 27 for 27 at home to keep the Cardinals in the playoff chase for months.

“He’s worked so hard for this, and we’ve talked about his availability this season a ton because he’s taken the ball a lot,” Cardinals manager Oliver Marmol said of Helsley, who has set career highs in appearances (64) innings pitched (65 1/3) and saves (48).

Related
Cards agree with Helsley, 2 others on '25 contracts, add waiver claim

January 9th, 2025

A salute to Goldschmidt, the model Cardinal

January 6th, 2025

Here are the best players of the 2000s ... so far

January 6th, 2025

These 12 players will be looking for big walk years in '25

December 15th, 2024

Helsley staying 'professional' as trade rumors continue to swirl

December 2nd, 2024

Helsley among 6 players tendered contracts by Cardinals

November 23rd, 2024

The save opportunity on Wednesday almost caught Helsley by surprise considering that Matthew Liberatore opened the ninth and was in possession of a four-run lead. However, when Brenton Doyle hit a solo homer and Michael Toglia drew a one-out walk, Marmol turned to Helsley.

As it turns out, all Helsley needed was the one pitch for the save. Because he threw just one pitch, Helsley could be in position to notch the record-breaking save as soon as Thursday.

“It’s really special to be on such a storied franchise,” Helsley said. “And to be mentioned up there with the top number of saves in franchise history is pretty crazy to think about, and it’s really special to me.”

Helsley joined Hall of Famers Lee Smith and Bruce Sutter this season as the only Cardinals closers to make multiple All-Star teams.

“I’m just really thankful for the year I’ve had and I’m blessed,” Helsley said. “Obviously, [49 saves] would mean I’m the solo holder and No. 1 in Cardinals history, which would be special. We’ve played a lot of close games this year. Maybe I don’t get another chance this year or maybe I do. So, I guess, we’ll see.”

Pagés, who had two hits and two RBIs in the victory, said he’ll always remember the domination with which Helsley has had when he thinks back to 2024 years from now.

“Man, all year he’s been consistent, and he’s been able to attack these guys and throw his stuff,” Pagés said. “He’s just been really dominant.”

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

Helsley said he would give it all up for the Cardinals to be playoff-bound instead of already eliminated from postseason contention. The Cards clinched at least a .500 season on Wednesday with their 81st victory, but Helsley wanted so much more from his most special season in the big leagues.

“I was telling the guys the other day, ‘I wish I had 20 saves, and we were in the playoffs,’” Helsley said. “Honestly, I don’t care about my personal stats. I just want to help us win.

“If I only had 20 saves, it would mean we were blowing a lot of people out. But we have been playing a lot of close games. If we had gotten in the playoffs, it would have benefitted us because we were tested in that aspect.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
St. Louis Cardinals
Ryan Helsley

Senior Reporter John Denton covers the Cardinals for MLB.com.

You may have missed...
Who tops our inaugural 2025 Power Rankings?

January 9th, 2025

The latest developments in trade market for Arenado

1:11 AM UTC

Ranking 2024's 'Top Players Right Now' one year later

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Former top Dodgers prospect Diego Cartaya traded to Twins

January 9th, 2025

Will Vladdy get his extension? And if so, when?

12:42 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/ryan-helsley-ties-cardinals-record-with-48th-save 
 ----- 
