Skip to main content
India
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
•••

Cricket

News
Featured

Cricket

IPL

NBA

Football

Sports
Cricket
IPL
NBA
Football
Kabaddi
Tennis
WWE
Boxing
MMA
Explore More
EDITIONS
India
Argentina
Australia
Brasil
Canada
日本
México
대한민국
España
ไทย
United Kingdom
United States [English]
United States [Español]
Việt Nam
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
India vs South Africa T20 World Cup 2024: Expected lineups, head-to-head, toss, predictions and betting odds for the final
Saino Zachariah
28-06-2024
•
4 min read
(Getty)

The final of the T20 World Cup 2024 will see India take on South Africa at the Kensington Oval in Barbados, on Saturday, June 29.

Both teams have been in stunning form in the run up to the World Cup final, having gone unbeaten throughout the tournament thus far. India have beaten the likes of Australia, England and Pakistan to reach the final.

On the other hand, South Africa were equally impressive as they beat both England and the co-hosts West Indies during the Super 8 stages, and an in-form Afghanistan team in the semi-finals, to secure their spot in the World Cup final.

The two teams had also met during last year's ODI World Cup, in which India handed South Africa a whopping 243-ru defeat after bundling them out for just 83 runs. Given the form of both teams throughout the tournament, it is expected to be an interesting encounter.

Ahead of the marquee clas, The Sporting News takes a look at the expected lineups, head-to-head, live toss, prediction and betting odds between the two teams. 

CLICK HERE FOR EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BETTING OFFERS
India vs South Africa, T20 World Cup 2024: Head-to-head in T20Is

The two teams have faced each other 26 times in T20I cricket since 2007, and India have had greater success, winning 14 matches compared to South Africa's 11 wins, with 1 No Result.

BET NOW: Exclusive sign-up offers and bonuses when you bet on T20 World Cup action

India vs South Africa, T20 World Cup 2024: Predicted lineups
India Predicted XI: 

Rohit Sharma (C), Virat Kohli, Rishabh Pant (WK), Suryakumar Yadav, Shivam Dube, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Axar Patel, Kuldeep Yadav, Arshdeep Singh, Jasprit Bumrah

South Africa Playing XI:

Quinton de Kock (WK), Reeza Hendricks, Aiden Markram (C), Tristan Stubbs, Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Anrich Nortje, Tabraiz Shamsi

READ MORE: Has any team won the T20 World Cup without losing a game? Can India or South Africa make history?

India vs South Africa, T20 World Cup 2024: Live Toss

The toss will take place at 7:30 PM IST on June 29, 2024.

India vs South Africa, T20 World Cup 2024: Prediction

South Africa has won three out of their last four T20I matches against India. The two teams will be equally poised come the World Cup final, having dominated their oppositions, to remain unbeaten throughout the tournament.

It is going to be an entertaining match as both teams possess quality players in all compartments, but South Africa has a slightly more reliable unit of finishers. They key battle, however, will be in the powerplay, between the top-order batters and the fast bowlers of the two teams.

Since this is a day game, the two wrist spinners, Kuldeep Yadav and Tabraiz Shamsi will play an important role in the middle overs, especially in the second innings. The team that wins the toss will look to bat first at this venue.

READ MORE: Who is the leading wicket-taker at T20 World Cup 2024?

India vs South Africa, T20 World Cup 2024 Final: Latest betting odds, prediction

According to odds on Dafabet, India are favorites to win the Final against South Africa.

RESULTS	ODDS
India win	1.52
South Africa	2.62

EXCLUSIVE T20 WC BONUSES AND OFFERS

CLICK TO BET

If you purchase a product or register for an account through one of the links on our site, we may receive compensation. Learn more >

Author(s)
Saino Zachariah

Saino Zachariah is a content producer for The Sporting News' India edition.

Crafted for fans since 1886
Company
About Us
Careers
Privacy Policy
Privacy Preferences
Sporting News
NBA Teams
EPL Teams
Partners
NBA
Copyright @ 2024 Sporting News Holdings
Images by Getty Images, Imagn and AP Images. All Rights Reserved.
We Care About Your Privacy
We and our 873 partners store and/or access information on a device, such as unique IDs in cookies to process personal data. You may accept or manage your choices by clicking below, including your right to object where legitimate interest is used, or at any time in the privacy policy page. These choices will be signaled to our partners and will not affect browsing data.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

I Accept
Reject All
Show Purposes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportingnews.com/in/cricket/news/ind-sa-t20-world-cup-2024-final-expected-lineups-toss-predictions-odds/36296d6cad41c6f87676e6f9 
 ----- 
