New Zealand
World
Politics
Pacific
Te Ao Māori
Sport
Business
Country
Local Democracy Reporting
Comment & Analysis
In Depth
Weather
SPORT
16 Jun 2024
Cricket: Australia end Scotland's World Cup, send England into Super Eight
6:29 pm on 16 June 2024 
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Tim David hits the winning runs as Australia beats Scotland at the T20 World Cup on 15 June. Photo: TIMOTHY A. CLARY

Australia has broken Scottish hearts with a hard-fought five-wicket victory in St Lucia that sent the Scots home from the cricket Twenty20 World Cup and title holders England through to the Super Eight stage.

After England's rain-disrupted victory over Namibia in Antigua earlier in the day, Scotland needed a draw, a washout or a first ever win over Australia to progress from Group B at the expense of their southern neighbours.

Clear skies at Gros Islet on Sunday (NZT) meant the Scots would be reliant on their cricketing skills and they made a good fist of it with 180-5 from their 20 overs, highlighted by a quickfire 60 from Brandon McMullen and 42 not out from skipper Richie Berrington.

Australia, who had already booked their spot in the second round, will have been disappointed with their fielding and the start of their innings but Travis Head (68) and Marcus Stoinis (59) accelerated in the last 10 overs to help get them across the line.

"Scotland are a really good outfit, they took it down to the wire and it was a good chase in the end," said Australia captain Mitchell Marsh.

"The World Cup kind of starts again now, we're excited about what's to come."

Berrington, whose team depart because they had a lower net run rate than England, said the Scots were disappointed that they had not driven home their advantage.

"I thought we were in a pretty good position," he said.

"Unfortunately, we didn't execute for long enough. I think the guys can hold their heads high in regards to how they've played their cricket throughout the tournament."

Australia won the toss and elected to field first but after Ashton Agar had bowled opener Michael Jones in the first over, George Munsey and McMullen put together a partnership of 89 for the second wicket to lay a solid platform for Scotland.

Munsey holed out to midwicket for 35 off the bowling of Glenn Maxwell and Adam Zampa finally winkled out McMullen, who clubbed two sixes and six fours before Mitchell Starc sent him back with a diving catch.

Berrington took up the mantle, but the Scots would have been disappointed to score only 42 runs in their final five overs as the Australian bowlers tightened the screws to make up for a fielding effort that had seen a flurry of dropped catches.

The Scots took some momentum into the Australian innings, however, and David Warner (1), Marsh (8) and Maxwell (11) were removed cheaply, the latter bowled by a peach of a delivery from left-arm spinner Mark Watt.

Opener Travis Head, however, was warming to the task and Marcus Stoinis joined in him a partnership of 80 for the third wicket that turned the tide.

Head decisively clubbed three sixes off successive legal deliveries from Safyaan Sharif soon and although the Scottish seamer immediately ended his innings, the Australians had the scent of victory in their nostrils.

Watt returned to remove Stoinis in the following over but Tim David and Matthew Wade got Australia across the line to silence the conspiracy theorists suggesting Australia would try to lose to remove England from the tournament.

- Reuters

Tags: 
Australia
 
Cricket
 
England
 
Scotland
Share this 
Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Share via email
Share on Reddit
Share on Linked In

Copyright © 2024, Radio New Zealand

Subscribe to RNZ's Daily Newsletter
View latest newsletter
NEXT STORY IN SPORT
Some Russians make the cut for the Paris Olympics but others fail vetting processes
RELATED STORIES
Thumping win over Uganda comes too late for Black Caps
15 Jun 2024

The Black Caps have crushed Uganda by nine wickets to notch their first win at the T20 cricket World Cup.

Thumping win over Uganda comes too late for Black Caps
T20 World Cup recap: Black Caps v Uganda
15 Jun 2024

The Black Caps have crushed Uganda by nine wickets in Trinidad and Tobago to notch their first win at the T20 cricket World Cup.

T20 World Cup recap: Black Caps v Uganda
Southee reprimanded for breaching ICC Code of Conduct
15 Jun 2024

The Black Cap veteran has been reprimanded for an incident during his side's T20 World Cup match against the West Indies on Thursday.

Southee reprimanded for breaching ICC Code of Conduct
'Question for other people' - Gary Stead on his future as Black Caps coach
14 Jun 2024

Gary Stead says it is up to others to decide his future in the job after the Black Caps are all but out of contention in T20 World Cup. AUDIO

Black Caps coach says future out of his hands after Cricket World Cup performance
Black Caps crash out of T20 World Cup
13 Jun 2024

The Black Caps have lost to the West Indies to effectively end any hopes of progressing to the T20 World Cup Super Eights.

Black Caps crash out of T20 World Cup
SPORT
A-League live updates: Auckland FC v Melbourne Victory
Tennis: Gabriela Dabrowski reveals breast cancer surgery
Football: Jake Brimmer keen to score more goals for Auckland FC
Get the RNZ app

for ad-free news and current affairs

 
TOP NEWS STORIES
Police officer dies from injuries in Nelson, commissioner confirms
Too many children unsupervised at New Year's - Police
A-League live updates: Auckland FC v Melbourne Victory
Rare new fossil sheds light on NZ’s extinct dolphin-like reptiles
Top tips for landing a job in tight labour market
Live sport

We have regular online commentary of local and international sport.

SUBSCRIBE
Subscribe to RNZ's Daily Newsletter
View latest newsletter

Sport RSS

Follow RNZ News
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rnz.co.nz/news/sport/519691/cricket-australia-end-scotland-s-world-cup-send-england-into-super-eight 
 ----- 
