BUSINESS
MONEY
TRAVELLER
LUXE
HINDI

CRICKET

T20 World Cup 2024 Super 8: Teams Qualifie And Eliminated So Far - Check Full List

Till June 16, seven teams, have qualified for the Super 8 stage of the marquee tournament -India, Australia, South Africa, Afghanistan, West Indies, USA and England

O
Outlook Sports Desk
Updated on: 12 June 2024 1:40 pm
Getting your Trinity Audio player ready...
ICC T20 World Cup 2024: AUS are through to the Super 8 stage. Photo: AP/Ricardo Mazalan

The ICC T20 World Cup 2024 is in progress and there are teams that are fighting to secure their spots in the Super 8 stage. Till June 16, seven teams, have qualified for the Super 8 stage of the marquee tournament -India, Australia, South Africa, Afghanistan, West Indies, USA and England . (Full Coverage | More Cricket News)

The format of the tournament is pretty simple. 20 teams are divided into four groups of five. Each team will play at least four matches from the same group. The top two will advance to the Super 8s, while the bottom three teams will be eliminated.

In the Super 8s, eight teams will be further divided into two groups. Each side will play a total of three games. The top two sides from those groups will determine the semi-finalists.

Teams Qualified For Super 8s at the ICC T20 World Cup 2024

Group A - India, USA

Group B - Australia, England

Group C - West Indies, Afghanistan

Group D - South Africa, Bangladesh or Netherlands

T20 World Cup Super 8 Groups

Group 1 teams - India, Afghanistan, Australia, Bangladesh / Netherlands

Group 2 teams - USA, England, West Indies, South Africa

The final will be held in Barbados on June 29.

by Taboola
Sponsored Links
You May Like
Writing in English Doesn't Have to Feel Hard
Grammarly
Learn More
Bloedsuiker boven de 100? Doe dit (Het is geweldi g)
Bloedsuikerhelper
Als u schimmel opmerkt, doet u dit meteen!
fungulux.nl
Meer informatie
Topdokters: Stop met het eten van deze "gezonde " vruchten en zie je vet verbranden (baanbreken d).
Gezondevetmethode

The Proteas are the first team to qualify for the Super 8s after having won after having won their first three games in Group D. They defeated Sri Lanka, Netherlands and Bangladesh to qualify. The wash-out between Nepal and Sri Lanka confirmed their status in the Super 8s.

As for the Aussies, their dominant victory over Namibia sealed their progress to the Super 8s. The Aussies had earlier defeated the likes of Oman and England to seal their qualification from Group B.

T20 World Cup: The American Dream Enters Super 8 Stage - Check How USA Scripted History

BY Gaurav Thakur

India booked their ticket for the Super 8 ticket after defeating USA to earn third straight win in the tournament. The Men In Blue had earlier defeated Ireland and Pakistan in their first two games.

And, the Windies advanced to the next round of the ICC T20 World Cup with a 13-run victory against New Zealand in the 26th match. Earlier in the tournament, the co-hosts thrashed Uganda by 134 runs, and defeated Papua New Guinea by 5 wickets.

Speaking of Afghanistan, their journey has been nothing short of exemplary. The team secured their sport in the Super Eights with 6 points from 3 matches and notably the highest NNR (+4.230). Rashid Khan and Co defeated Papua New Guinea by seven wickets in Trinidad, thereby simultaneously eliminating New Zealand.

In a twist of fate, England have made their way to the next stage of the t20 World Cup 2024. They first defeated Namibia by a huge margin of 41 runs equaling the points (5) with the second placed team Scotland and then waited for Australia to beat Scotland by 5 wickets. By the virtue of better NNR (+3.611) the defending champions get back on the track.

England's captain Jos Buttler, center, celebrates with Jofra Archer, left, and Sam Curran after winning an ICC Men's T20 World Cup cricket match against Namibia at Siv Vivian Richards Stadium in North Sound, Antigua and Barbuda, Saturday, June 15, 2024. (AP Photo/Ricardo Mazalan) Photo: Ricardo Mazalan
Eliminated Teams Of T20 World Cup 2024

The teams that have been officially been eliminated from the tournament are:

Group A - Canada, Pakistan, Ireland

Group B - Namibia, Oman, Scotland

Group C - New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Uganda

Group D - Sri Lanka, Nepal, (Bangladesh or Netherlands)

Namibia's defeat to Australia left them with two points from three games and are already facing the exit door.

Oman, on the other hand, have lost all their three group games and thus confirmed their elimination from the ICC T20 World Cup 2024.

Pakistan was eliminated after the hosts USA made it through to the Super 8s after India from Group A. Babar Azam's side experienced their lowest finish in the T20 World Cup history this year, with only 2 points from 3 matches.

ICC T20 World Cup Super Eight Fixtures:

19 June: USA vs South Africa, North Sound, Antigua

19 June: England vs West Indies, Gros Islet, St Lucia

20 June: Afghanistan vs India, Bridgetown, Barbados

20 June: Australia vs D2, North Sound, Antigua

21 June: England vs South Africa, Gros Islet, St Lucia

21 June: USA vs West Indies, Bridgetown, Barbados

22 June: India vs D2, North Sound, Antigua

22 June: Afghanistan vs Australia, Arnos Vale, St Vincent

23 June: USA vs England, Bridgetown, Barbados

23 June: West Indies vs South Africa, North Sound, Antigua

24 June: Australia vs India, Gros Islet, St Lucia

24 June: Afghanistan vs D2, Arnos Vale, St Vincent

*Note - D2 here means either Bangladesh or Netherlands

Tags
Cricket
T20 World Cup
Namibia National Cricket Team
Australia National Cricket Team
South Africa National Cricket Team
England National Cricket Team
Oman National Cricket Team
West Indies National Cricket Team
PREVIOUS STORY
BPL 2024-25, Match 4: Nahid Rana Shines As Rangpur Riders Beat Sylhet Strikers By 34 Runs
NEXT STORY
Border-Gavaskar Trophy: Jasprit Bumrah Named Captain Of Cricket Australia Test Team Of Year
Beyond Text Generation: An AI Tool That Helps You Write Better
Improve grammar, word choice, and sentence structure everywhere you work. Write better with...
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
Install Now
Teennagel schimmel? Probeert u deze truc vanavond uit! (Geniaal!)
Dermatoloog onthult: Deze thuismethode vermind ert schimmelnagels terwijl u slaapt!
fungulux.nl
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you awake all night...
You will never turn off your computer again.
CombatSiege
|
Sponsored
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autove...
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op...
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Gepensioneerden kunnen deze elektrische auto's kopen, zie pr...
Deze nieuwe elektrische auto’s voor senioren zijn geweldig en de prijze...
Elektrische auto's | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van gratis autoverzekering op basis van hun
Veel senioren zijn zich niet bewust van bijna gratis autoverzekering op basis van leeftijd!
Autoverzekering | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Artrose en gewrichtspijn? Doe dit en zie wat er gebeurt
OplossingArticulatie
|
Sponsored
Zoek naar de beste sanitairwink els bij u in de buurt
Vind meer aanbiedingen
Sanitairwinkels | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Lege hutten op cruises op de Oostzee kosten bijna niets.
Nation
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Vind matrassen van hoge kwalit eit tegen geweldige prijzen
Matrassen | Zoek Advertenties
|
Sponsored
Meer informatie
Today Sports News
Cricket News
BPL 2024-25, Match 4: Nahid Rana Shines As Rangpur Riders Beat Sylhet Strikers By 34 Runs
Border-Gavaskar Trophy: Jasprit Bumrah Named Captain Of Cricket Australia Test Team Of Year
SA20 2025 Guide: Preview, Full Squads, Venues - All You Need To Know
Travis Head Was Putting 'Finger On Ice': Australian Batter Bizarre Celebration After Dismissing Rishabh Pant
VHT 2024-25: Mumbai's Ayush Mhatre Breaks Yashasvi Jaiswal's World Record In List A Cricket
Football News
LIV Vs LFC, Boxing Day PL Preview: Match Prediction, Players To Watch - All You Need To Know
Ruben Amorim: Marcus Rashford's Absence Won't Be A Distraction For Manchester United
Carlos Corberan Becomes Valncia's New Coach After Departure Form West Brom
Wolves Vs Man United, Premier League Preview: Players To Watch, Who Will Win On Boxing Day?
KBFC 3-0 MSC, ISL 2024-25: Bhaskar Roy Blunder Gives The Tuskers All Three Points In Kochi
Tennis News
United States Of America Vs China Live Streaming, United Cup Quarter-Final 2: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Kazakhstan Vs Germany Live Streaming, United Cup Quarter-Final 1: When, Where To Watch Tennis Tie
Brisbane International: Nick Kyrgios Left In 'Throbbing' Pain After Singles Return
WTA Auckland Open: Emma Raducanu Withdraws From Australian Open Tune-Up With Back Injury
United Cup 2024-25: Coco Gauff, Taylor Fritz Lead USA Into Quarter-Final
Hockey News
Shrachi Rarh Bengal Tigers Vs Team Gonasika Live Streaming, Hockey India League: When, Where To Watch Match 6
Delhi SG Pipers 2-2 Hyderabad Toofans Highlights, Hockey India League: HYDT Win Shootout In Sudden Death
Hockey India League: Hyderabad Toofans Pip Delhi SG Pipers In Shootouts, Clinch Bonus Point
Delhi SG Pipers Vs Hyderabad Toofans Live Streaming, HIL: When And Where To Watch Hockey India League Match 5
HIL 2024-25, Match 4 Highlights: Russell Scores Two As UP Rudras Beat Kalinga Lancers 3-1 At Birsa Munda Stadium
Trending Stories
National News
Katra Ropeway Protest: Detained Protesters To Be Released, Panel To Hold Talks With Sangharsh Samiti
J&K: Congress Criticizes "Repressive Measures" In Katra Protests, Calls for LG Intervention
BJP Vs AAP In Delhi, BPSC Protests In Bihar And More | December 31 News Wrap
Anna University Assault Case: BJP To Launch 450 KM Long ‘Justice Rally’; NCW Suggestions Post Inquiry
Manipur CM Biren Singh Apologizes For Ethnic Violence In State, Calls For Peace With New Year
Entertainment News
Aquaman Star Jason Momoa To play Lobo In Supergirl: Woman Of Tomorrow
Year-Ender 2024: Stree 2 To Bhool Bhulaiyaa 3, Top 10 Highest-Grossing Hindi Movies Of The Year
IFFK 2024|Misericordia Captures A Community Mired In Lust And Secrets
When Is Squid Game 3 Releasing? All You Need To Know About Lee Jung-jae Starrer
Sudhanshu Rai-Puneet Sharma's Sci-Fi Thriller Baida To Release In March 2025
US News
US Imposes Sanctions On Russian, Iranian Groups Over Disinformation Targeting American Voters
Ex-US President Jimmy Carter's Funeral To Impact Donald Trump's Inauguration | Here's How
US Embassy Approved Over 1 Million Visas For Indians In 2024 | Details
Judge Says Woman Accusing Jay-Z, Sean 'Diddy' Combs Of Raping Her Can Proceed Anonymously
Why Amazon Workers In US Are On Strike During Holiday Season
World News
The Unwomanly Face Of War
Serbia: Instead Of Partying, Thousands Turn New Year Celebration Into Anti-Govt Protest
Israel Claims Death Of Hamas Leader, Syria Hopes For Better Future; Atrocities Continue In West Asia | Latest Updates
Soft Ruins: Fractured Memories Of War In Myanmar
Putting A Human Face To The War In Congo
Latest Stories
Pisces Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock The Mysteries Of Your Yearly Zodiac Reading
Aquarius Yearly Horoscope 2025: Your Complete Zodiac Guide For The Year Ahead
Capricorn Yearly Horoscope 2025: Unlock Key Insights For A Fulfilling Year
Horoscope For December 31, 2024: Discover Astrological Insights For Every Zodiac Sign
South Korea: Court Issues Warrant To Detain Impeached President Yoon Over Martial Law Probe
Delhi Traffic Police To Deploy 2500 Personnel, 250 Squads To Monitor Traffic On New Year’s Eve
Yemen Prez Says Yes To Kerala Nurse's Death Sentence; MEA Says 'Extending All Possible Help'
Vijay Hazare Trophy 2024-25 Highlights Round 5: Mumbai, Punjab Post 400 Plus; Vidarbha Beat TN
GROUP PUBLICATIONS
About Us
Contact Us
Copyright & Disclaimer
Compliance

Copyright © 2025 Outlook Publishing India Pvt Ltd. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.

This site asks for consent to use your data
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 143 TCF vendor(s) and 79 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.outlookindia.com/sports/cricket/icc-t20-world-cup-2024-teams-qualified-for-super-8s-eliminated-so-far-check-full-list 
 ----- 
