Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.

Loading

Australia vs Sri Lanka: ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 – as it happened

Loading

Loading

By Kevin Hand
Published On 16 Oct 2023
16 Oct 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Click here to share on social media

This blog is now closed. Thanks for joining us. These were the updates from the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 match between Australia and Sri Lanka on October 16, 2023:

Read more
Live updates
Match stats
Lineups
16 Oct 2023 - 16:36 (16:36 GMT)
Goodbye for now

Australia now face Pakistan in Bangalore on Friday while Sri Lanka remain in Lucknow where they’ll face the Netherlands on Saturday.

Only six straight wins will do it now for the Sri Lankans.

For the Australians, the pressure comes off for a few days but the Pakistani team will be formidable – and nursing wounds of their own following the defeat by India on Saturday.

That’s it for the live blog today – hope you’ve enjoyed the commentary.

The five-time winners, Australia, live to fight another day.

From the team: Hafsa Adil, Patrick Keddie and myself, Kevin Hand, it’s goodbye.

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 16:31 (16:31 GMT)
Cummins – ‘Outside noise doesn’t bother us’

Australia avoid a third straight defeat to begin the World Cup.

It probably would have been terminal for their hopes of reaching the semifinals.

Captain Pat Cummins was delighted with the performance and says his side were never going to let the pressure get to them.

“Everyone wanted to come out and be really up for it. It was nothing that was said – it was more that, on the back of two losses, our group has pretty high standards,” Cummins said.

“The energy in the field was great to start with and then everything else flowed.

“[Sri Lanka] started really well but I thought we bowled decently and we stayed at it, did our job and to have them out for 210 was a great effort.

“We know what we are about as a squad and outside noise doesn’t bother us. It’s one of the strengths of our group.

“Almost all the parts of the game came together today and that is the standard.

“We are under way in the tournament now and we have to make sure we keep it up.”

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 16:22 (16:22 GMT)
Mendis highlights too many ‘risky shots’

Kusal Mendis has taken over the captaincy of Sri Lanka for the remainder of the tournament after Dasun Shanaka was forced to drop out with injury.

The team remained winless and on this occasion, it was clearly the batting that let them down.

“Congratulations to the openers batting so well in their partnership,” Mendis said.

“290 or 300 would have been a good score on this pitch.

“I think there were too many risky shots and not rotating the strike enough.

“Last two games we batted really well. We have six more matches and I have confidence in the batting unit to do it better than today.”

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 16:15 (16:15 GMT)
Zampa is Player of the Match

Adam Zampa picked up four wickets, his best bowling at a World Cup, and with it he claimed the Player of the Match award.

“I’ve been sporting a bit of a back spasm the last few days so I tried to get through this one,” he told the post-match ceremony.

“I feel like I’ve felt better and bowled better but sometimes you have those days.

“The last game I could have bowled a bit better. My role is to take wickets and make it easier for the death guys. I feel like I could be doing better but nice to be on the right end of the result tonight.”

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 16:11 (16:11 GMT)
Australia breathes a sigh of relief

The five-time winners will breathe a huge sigh of relief.

This was far more than a potential banana skin and one has to feel for the Sri Lankans given the number of injuries they had ahead of the tournament and have now sustained in India.

There was a moment or two where they would have worried Australia.

The toss being one and then following it up with 125 for the first wicket but collapsing to 205 all out from 157-2 will cost almost every side the game in any format.

The early loss of Warner and Smith, with a few near misses thereafter was also a concern, but Australia kept their heads, steadied their nerves and lived to fight another day.

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 16:06 (16:06 GMT)
Australia win by five wickets!

Australia are up and running at the 2023 Cricket World Cup.

What a way to win it as well. A six back over Wellalage’s head by Stoinis.

Sri Lanka lose their first three and surely there’s no way back in the table for them now.

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 16:04 (16:04 GMT)
35 overs. Australia 209-5

All the shots coming out from these two now.

Maxwell climbs over a cut to try to hammer through the covers. He picks up a single.

Stoinis clips two in the onside before Madushanka delivers a slower-ball bouncer that loops over the batter and is called wide.

A single down the ground from Stoinis, then a cut for one by Maxwell and a single more to long-on. Scores are level.

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 16:00 (16:00 GMT)
34 overs. Australia 202-5

After the wicket from the opening delivery, Stoinis is off the mark first ball with a boundary as he sweeps powerfully at a ball wide outside the off stump.

Two more off the next ball as he punches off the back foot.

Wellalage gets excited about a ball striking the pad outside the line of off before serving up a long hop last ball which Stoinis cuts for four more

Eight runs needed to win.

Click here to share on social media
Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA
16 Oct 2023 - 15:56 (15:56 GMT)
Wicket! Inglis is out! Australia 192-5

Inglis cuts loopily to point for where Theekshana takes the catch off Wellalage.

A fine 58 and was clearly trying to get this done quickly for his side.

Click here to share on social media
16 Oct 2023 - 15:54 (15:54 GMT)
33 overs. Australia 192-4

Nearly another for Madushanka as Inglis uppercuts to deep third.

It doesn’t carry but Kumara is clearly an old-school seamer in the field. Many are wondering why he didn’t go for it.

The top edge over the keeper a couple of overs back saw a lacklustre effort from him in trying to prevent the boundary.

His colleagues look less than impressed too.

Click here to share on social media

SOURCE: AL JAZEERA AND NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/liveblog/2023/10/16/live-australia-vs-sri-lanka-icc-cricket-world-cup-2023 
 ----- 
