Copa America

• • •
Log In
Subscribe

ADVERTISEMENT

Copa America, Group Stage - Group A - Matchweek 3
ARG
2
Sun Jun 30
FT
0
PER
L. Martínez 47'
L. Martínez 86'
2.29
xG
0.14
Match
Live Blog
Discuss
Timeline
Argentina vs Peru live updates: Lautaro Martinez goals send reigning Copa America champions through
Follow live reaction to Argentina’s 2-0 win over Peru, while Canada also secured a spot in the knockouts with a draw with Chile
Michael Dominski
June 30, 2024 at 2:56 AM UTC
Getty Images

86 New Updates

Luke Brown
·
Managing Editor, Global Live
Copa America Group A results
Argentina 2-0 Peru
Canada 0-0 Chile

Argentina (nine points) and Canada (four) progress to the knockout stage. Chile and Peru are eliminated.

June 29, 2024 at 10:01 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Argentina vs Peru: Controversy at the 1978 World Cup

Getty Images

Argentina and Peru have met exactly once at the World Cup, and it went down as one of the most controversial results in the history of the tournament.

Playing the final game in the second group stage (which no longer exists), Argentina needed to beat Peru by at least four goals in order to pip Brazil in the table and advance to the final on a tiebreaker. The tournament was being hosted in Argentina, which at the time was ruled by a murderous military dictatorship.

Argentina wound up winning by a score of 6-0 to advance to the final, where they went on to beat the Netherlands 3-1 after extra time for their first World Cup title. Given the large margin of victory, the result has been linked to accusations of bribery and coercion ever since.

June 29, 2024 at 9:47 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Most recent meeting

Getty Images

The most recent meeting between Argentina and Peru came back in October in CONMEBOL qualifying for the 2026 World Cup.

Argentina traveled to Lima and came away with a 2-0 victory thanks to a pair of goals from Lionel Messi, who of course won't be playing tonight.

Peru failed to record a single shot on goal in that match.

June 29, 2024 at 9:30 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
ICYMI: No Scaloni on the touchline for Argentina either

Getty Images

So, there will be no Lionel Messi or Lionel Scaloni for Argentina this evening.

The captain is suffering with an apparent thigh issue while his manager is serving a one-match touchline ban.

Scaloni’s suspension is due to his players re-entering the pitch late after half-time of Argentina’s game against Chile last Tuesday. The Argentina Football Association (AFA) was also fined $15,000.

Chile’s manager Ricardo Gareca received the same suspension and will miss their final group-stage game against Canada.

GO FURTHER

Lionel Scaloni handed one-game ban, won’t coach Argentina vs Peru

June 29, 2024 at 9:20 PM UTC
Thom Harris
Who are Argentina's key players in Messi's absence?

Getty Images

There are plenty of candidates. Di Maria has been in prolific form, while Otamendi, Romero and Emiliano Martinez are the crucial defensive pillars. But it is Argentina’s strength in midfield that wins them tournaments, from the tempo-setting of Fernandez, to the natural leadership and progressive play of Rodrigo De Paul, and the all-action of Mac Allister.

In an impressive 2023-24 debut season at Liverpool, only Joao Palhinha of Fulham averaged more ‘true’ tackles per 1,000 opposition touches — a metric that measures how often a player challenges for the ball with their team out of possession — than Mac Allister in the Premier League.

Despite all of Scaloni’s options, Mac Allister’s combination of defensive tenacity, versatility and incisive attacking play will be crucial to allow the specialists further up the pitch to thrive.

June 29, 2024 at 9:14 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
ICYMI: No Messi for Argentina tonight

Getty Images

Lionel Messi will not play for Argentina against Peru today.

The Argentina captain, 37, suffered with an apparent thigh injury during the win over Chile on Tuesday and subsequently missed training on Thursday.

A spokesperson for the Argentina Football Federation (AFA) confirmed to The Athletic that Messi instead worked with a team physio at the team hotel and focused on kinesiology exercises.

He later wasn’t part of the open portion of training visible to media on Friday and won’t feature in Saturday’s game in Miami.

“Leo has a problem that he picked up in the last game,” Walter Samuel, the assistant coach who will lead the team against Peru, told reporters. “He’s not going to be in the next game. We’re going to go day-to-day and see how he recovers.”

GO FURTHER

Lionel Messi out of Argentina vs Peru, ‘day-to-day’ with injury

June 29, 2024 at 9:00 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Weather outlook

Melanie Anzidei

Both of tonight's Copa America games are taking place in Florida, and the weather doesn't look great.

In Miami Gardens, where Argentina and Peru will face off, there is a 30% chance of precipitation at the kickoff time of 8pm ET, with a temperature of 87°F.

In Orlando for Canada vs Chile, the temperature for kickoff is a bit cooler at 80°F but there may be thunderstorms with a chance of precipitation of 64%.

The humidity is also very high for both locations.

Earlier today, the match between Germany and Denmark at the Euros was suspended for thunder in the area during the first half.

June 29, 2024 at 8:50 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Tonight's setting

Getty Images

Hard Rock Stadium
Location: Miami Gardens, Florida
Opened: 1987
Capacity: 64,767
Chief tenants: Miami Dolphins (NFL), Miami Hurricanes (NCAAF)
Other events: Miami Open (tennis), Miami Grand Prix (Formula One)
2024 Copa America: Also hosted Uruguay's 3-1 win over Panama, will host the final on July 14
2026 World Cup: Will host seven matches including the third-place playoff
June 29, 2024 at 8:40 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Peru staring down ignominious exit

Getty Images

If Peru fail to win tonight, they be will eliminated from Copa America without having won a single game for the first time since the 1995 edition of the tournament.

Dating back to the 2021 tournament, Peru are winless in their past five games at Copa America, their longest winless streak in the competition since at least 1993.

June 29, 2024 at 8:30 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Lautaro is loving life

Getty Images

With a goal in each of Argentina's first two games at Copa America, Lautaro Martínez has now scored five times in his last five international games.

This has come after a period of 16 straight games without scoring for the national team that stretched from September 2022 to March 2024.

June 29, 2024 at 8:21 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Argentina's dominant offense

Getty Images

In Argentina's first two games, they recorded a total of 18 shots on goal. That's more than the sum of all three other teams in Group A did across the first two matchdays: Peru (8), Chile (4), Canada (4).

June 29, 2024 at 8:10 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Argentina look for group-stage sweep

Getty Images

Argentina are looking to win all three of their group-stage games at Copa America for the third time this century.

Each of the past two times they were perfect in the group stage though, in 2007 and 2016, they finished the tournament as runners-up.

June 29, 2024 at 8:00 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Join the discussion!

Getty Images

We want to hear your thoughts!

With Argentina already through to the knockout stage, who's going to join them?

How will Argentina fare without Lionel Messi and Lionel Scaloni tonight?

You can chat with fellow subscribers by hitting the "Discuss" tab at the top of this page, and you can also email us at livebloguk@theathletic.com!

We'll feature some of your comments here in this blog!

June 29, 2024 at 7:50 PM UTC
Michael Dominski
·
Live Reporter
Group A scenarios

CONMEBOL

Argentina have already clinched one of the two knockout-stage berths from Group A. Here's how the second spot will be decided:

If Canada defeat Chile, the result of Argentina vs Peru does not matter: Canada qualify with 6 points.
If Canada draw with Chile and Peru does not defeat Argentina: Canada qualify with 4 points.
If Chile defeat Canada and Peru does not defeat Argentina: Chile qualify with 4 points.
If Chile defeat Canada and Peru defeat Argentina: Peru and Chile will be tied on 4 points and the qualifier will be determined by the tiebreakers, starting with goal difference.
If Canada and Chile draw, and Peru defeat Argentina: Peru qualify with 4 points.
June 29, 2024 at 7:40 PM UTC
Luke Brown
·
Managing Editor, Global Live
Peru’s Copa America squad

Getty Images

Goalkeepers: Pedro Gallese (Orlando City), Carlos Caceda (Melgar), Diego Romero (Universitario)

Defenders: Luis Abram (Atlanta United), Alexander Callens (AEK Athens), Carlos Zambrano (Alianza Lima), Luis Advincula (Boca Juniors), Marcos Lopez (Feyenoord), Anderson Santamaria (Santos Laguna), Miguel Araujo (Portland Timbers), Aldo Corzo (Universitario), Oliver Sonne (Silkeborg)

Midfielders: Wilder Cartagena (Orlando City), Christian Cueva (Free agent), Sergio Pena (Malmo), Jesus Castillo (Gil Vicente), Piero Quispe (UNAM)

Forwards: Andre Carrillo (Al-Qadsiah), Franco Zanelatto (Alianza Lima), Jose Rivera (Universitario), Gianluca Lapadula (Cagliari), Andy Polo (Universitario), Joao Grimaldo (Sporting Cristal), Bryan Reyna (Belgrano), Edison Flores (Universitario), Paolo Guerrero (Universidad Cesar Vallejo)

June 29, 2024 at 7:30 PM UTC
Luke Brown
·
Managing Editor, Global Live
Argentina’s Copa America squad

Getty Images

Goalkeepers: Franco Armani (River Plate), Geronimo Rulli (Ajax), Emiliano Martinez (Aston Villa)

Defenders: Gonzalo Montiel (Nottingham Forest), Nahuel Molina (Atletico Madrid), Cristian Romero (Tottenham Hotspur), German Pezzella (Real Betis), Lucas Martinez Quarta (Fiorentina), Nicolas Otamendi (Benfica), Lisandro Martinez (Manchester United), Marcos Acuna (Sevilla), Nicolas Tagliafico (Lyon)

Midfielders: Guido Rodriguez (Real Betis), Leandro Paredes (Roma), Alexis Mac Allister (Liverpool), Rodrigo De Paul (Atletico Madrid), Exequiel Palacios (Bayer Leverkusen), Enzo Fernandez (Chelsea), Giovani Lo Celso (Tottenham Hotspur)

Forwards: Angel Di Maria (Benfica), Valentin Carboni (A.C. Monza), Lionel Messi (Inter Miami), Alejandro Garnacho (Manchester United), Nicolas Gonzalez (Fiorentina), Lautaro Martinez (Inter Milan), Julian Alvarez (Manchester City)

June 29, 2024 at 7:20 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Head-to-head record makes uncomfortable reading for Peru

Getty Images

History is not on Peru's side going into this evening's match.

They have won just seven of their 57 all-time appearances against Argentina and have just one victory since 1987, a run spanning 24 games. And many of this evening's viewers won't remember their last win as it came all the way back in 1997 in the Copa America quarter-final.

Argentina have won 12 of the 16 meetings since, drawing the other four.

June 29, 2024 at 7:10 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Argentina likely to opt for rotated line-up

Getty Images

With progression to the quarter-final secured, Argentina are widely expected to make wholesale changes to their starting XI — something Scaloni alluded to after the win against Chile.

“We are satisfied, and we can enjoy the days, and give the youngest ones minutes,” said the Argentina manager. “I think it’s fair to have the players that did not have minutes get onto the pitch.

“Hopefully when we give (young players) the opportunity, they will be able to seize it.”

June 29, 2024 at 7:00 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
Opta ranks Argentina as overwhelming favourites

The Opta supercomputer has been given a kick and has spat out its prediction for today's game.

Unsurprisingly, Argentina are expected to win.

Opta prediction
Argentina to win: 75.8%
Draw: 14%
Peru to win: 10.2%
June 29, 2024 at 6:50 PM UTC
Ed Mackey
·
Live Reporter
MLS representation in the Peru goal

Getty Images

With no Messi tonight, fear not American soccer fans, there will be some MLS representation.

Orlando City goalkeeper Pedro Gallese has played both of Peru's games at 2024 Copa America so far and is expected to play again later.

He has conceded just one goal across the two matches and will be aware that a clean sheet later, while difficult, will give his side a fighting chance to make it into the quarter-final.

Load more updates
National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2024 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/live-blogs/argentina-peru-live-updates-2024-copa-america-lionel-messi-score-result/zmYbBzSJOW5z/juERskBmDymR/ 
 ----- 
