Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
European Qualifiers
Hungary vs Montenegro Prediction and Betting Tips | November 19th 2023
Hungary vs Montenegro Prediction and Betting Tips | November 19th 2023
By
Soyoye Jedidiah
Modified Nov 17, 2023 17:41 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Hungary will host Montenegro on Sunday

Hungary will host Montenegro at the Puskas Arena on Sunday in the final round of the 2024 European Championship qualifiers.

The home team have done well in the Euro qualifiers and have now secured a spot in the group stages of the continental showpiece next year with their latest result. They played out a 2-2 draw against Bulgaria in their last game and had looked set to be headed toward a narrow defeat before team captain Dominik Szoboszlai floated in a free-kick that forced a last-minute own goal from Alex Petkov to level the scores.

Trending

Hungary sit atop the Group G table with 15 points. With qualification already in the bag, the Nemzeti Tizenegy will be looking to close out the international break with a win in front of their home fans.

Montenegro, meanwhile, have had mixed results in the qualifiers and while they remain in contention for advancement, they must rely on results elsewhere to do so. They kept their qualification hopes alive with a 2-0 win over Lithuania last time out, with Edvin Kuc and Stevan Jovetic getting on the scoresheet early in either half.

The visitors sit third in their group with 11 points from seven games. They will secure qualification with a win on Sunday, provided second-placed Serbia lose to Bulgaria elsewhere.

Hungary vs Montenegro Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
Sunday's game will mark the fifth meeting between Hungary and Montenegro. The visitors are undefeated in all four of their previous matchups, picking up two wins and two draws.
The hosts are without a clean sheet in their last five matches.
Montenegro have scored eight goals in the qualifiers so far. Only Bulgaria (5) have scored fewer in Group G.
Hungary have the best defensive record in Group G so far with a goal concession tally of six.
Magyarok were ranked 30th in the latest FIFA rankings and now sit 40 places above their weekend opponents.
Hungary vs Montenegro Prediction

Hungary are on a run of back-to-back draws and are undefeated in their last 11 games across all competitions. They have won five of their last six home matches and will be looking forward to Sunday's clash.

Montenegro have won three of their last four games after going winless in their four games prior. They have, however, struggled for results on the road of late and could see defeat here.

Prediction: Hungary 2-1 Montenegro

Hungary vs Montenegro Betting Tips

Tip 1 - Result: Hungary to win

Tip 2 - Goals - Over/Under 2.5 - Over 2.5 goals (Four of the hosts' last five matches have produced more than 2.5 goals)

Tip 3 - Both teams to score: YES (Both sides have found the back of the net in five of the visitors' last six matches)

Quick Links

European Qualifiers Hungary Football Montenegro Football Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/hungary-vs-montenegro-prediction-betting-tips-november-19th-2023 
 ----- 
