MENU
Published 17:26 19 Nov 2023 GMT
Dominik Szoboszlai jumps into crowd and downs a shot to celebrate Hungary’s Euro 2024 qualification
Hungary midfielder Dominik Szoboszlai scored a brace against Montenegro to help send his country to Germany next summer.

Jack Kenmare

Dominik Szoboszlai celebrated Hungary’s Euro 2024 qualification on Sunday by drinking a shot of 'palinka' around thousands of fans inside the Puskas Arena.

The 23-year-old Liverpool midfielder netted a quick-fire brace for Marco Rossi's side as they secured their place in next summer's tournament with a hard fought 3-1 win over Montenegro.

Hungary, who featured in Group G alongside Serbia, Lithuania and Bulgaria, had already booked their place at Euro 2024 with a 2-2 draw on Thursday.

ADVERT

And on a cold Sunday night in Budapest, goals from Szoboszlai [2] and Adam Nagy sealed another three points for the Magyarok, who celebrated their success alongside thousands of fans.

In fact, Szoboszlai, who netted two goals in three minutes after the break, joined a group of supporters in the stands.

Here, he celebrated their victory with a shot of palinka – a Hungarian fruit brandy that is said to be "appreciated for its potency, flavor, and fragrance".

ADVERT

In terms of Sunday's in-game action, Szoboszlai opened his account for Rossi's men when he cut inside and nutmegged an opponent before beating another inside the area.

Then, two minutes later, the Hungarian beat Montenegro goalkeeper Milan Mijatovic with a wonderful effort to equalise.

Boss Liverpool Goals
@BossLFCgoals
·
Follow

Dominik Szoboszlai with two boss goals in two minutes in their 3-1 win over Montenegro tonight! 

🇭🇺⭐️ 

Watch on X
4:52 PM · Nov 19, 2023
244
Reply
Copy link
Read 3 replies

So far, Liverpool fan favourite Szoboszlai has enjoyed an impressive start since his £60 million summer move to Anfield from RB Leipzig.

ADVERT

Some have even gone as far as comparing the midfielder to club legend Steven Gerrard, but the Hungarian has played down those suggestions.

"I don’t want to be him, I want to be myself," he told Football Focus. "But of course if they put a paper in front of me now and say you’re going to have the same impact or the same career here in Liverpool, I’m going to sign it directly."

Jurgen Klopp, meanwhile, is clearly blown away by his start to life in England.

"Dom [Szoboszlai] was a surprise with how fast he has fit in, it was pretty much from the first minute," Klopp said back in September.

ADVERT

"Top-class player with a lot of quality. He never stops. He learns a lot from the game."

Featured Image Credit: X/@asshhlfc - Getty Images

Topics: Dominik Szoboszlai, Euro 2024, Liverpool, Premier League

Jack Kenmare
Liverpool fans create new chant for Dominik Szoboszlai to tune of Don McLean's 'American Pie'
Player who Liverpool wanted before Dominik Szoboszlai explains why he rejected move
Dominik Szoboszlai 'private plane' tracked as Liverpool and Newcastle face transfer deadline
Five players who could snub England and switch international allegiance ahead of Euro 2024
Choose your content:
13 mins ago
Old Firm derby ends in chaos after Celtic player 'struck by coin' as police forced to intervene
an hour ago
Marcus Rashford has 'already decided' which club he wants to join but there's one huge problem
an hour ago
Man Utd players 'think they know' who has been leaking team news ahead of matches
2 hours ago
Man City 'considering' shock move for ex-Premier League star months after he left England in historic deal
Advertise
Terms
Privacy & Cookies
LADbible Group
LADbible
Tyla
GAMINGbible
UNILAD
UNILAD Tech
License Our Content
About Us & Contact
Jobs
Latest
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportbible.com/football/football-news/dominik-szoboszlai-hungary-montenegro-euro-2024-759592-20231119 
 ----- 
