Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Walker Buehler Finally Delivers For Dodgers vs Padres: 'I'm Ecstatic'
Valentina Martinez | Sep 27, 2024
Sep 26, 2024; Los Angeles, California, USA; Los Angeles Dodgers starting pitcher Walker Buehler (21) delivers to the plate in the first inning against the San Diego Padres at Dodger Stadium. Mandatory Credit: Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images / Jayne Kamin-Oncea-Imagn Images
In this story:
Los Angeles Dodgers

The Los Angeles Dodgers had been patient with Walker Buehler. He had struggled for the majority of the season with his command. On Thursday night, fans witnessed a more confident version of Buehler take the mound.

Buehler allowed one run and posted one strikeout through five innings. The right-hander spoke to SportNet LA's Kirsten Watson about what worked his for him on the mound.

“Nothing really. I punched out one guy,” Buehler shouted as he was doused with champagne showers. “I’ve had a rough year. There’s one thing I’ve kind of always hung my hat on is pitching in big games.”

As the season progressed, it was evident Buehler wasn't postseason-ready. It was a worrisome sight watching a potential Game 3 starter look so unprepared for the challenge looming in October.

Fans even doubted the Dodgers could win the series finale with the Padres with Buehler on the mound. He proved them wrong, but Buehler's candid words about his struggles this season show how much he wanted to establish a new and improved version of himself.

“This is a playoff game for us. The number-2 team in the division – us, kind of keeping our destiny if we win the game, we win the division – that’s what gets me going,” Buehler told AM 570 LA Sports. “I’m ecstatic. The team has carried me, and let me tread water for a long time, and it’s a nice feeling to have a good one.”

The series with the Padres was essentially a practice run for the playoffs. Buehler's performance proved he's ready to take on hitters in October.

“This is what I live for,” Buehler said.

The Dodgers have overcome an unprecedented number of injuries this season. A depleted Dodgers rotation has carried the team into the postseason and will be asked to continue jumping through hurdles in October.

This season has been anything but easy for Buehler and the entire Dodgers clubhouse. But adversity, in many ways, strengthens teams.

For now, fans can celebrate the Dodgers clinching the National League West division. The feat marked the Dodgers' 11th division title in the last 12 years. It's nothing new for the club.

But soon, the Dodgers will have to continue the uphill battle in October. The team has had a chip on its shoulder for the majority of the season. The Dodgers will need to use that to overcome yet again.

Published Sep 27, 2024
VALENTINA MARTINEZ

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/mlb/dodgers/news/walker-buehler-finally-delivers-for-dodgers-vs-padres-i-m-ecstatic-01j8tdjz25qf 
 ----- 
