Navigation
Go Back to the HomePage
Sign in
Sign in
Subscribe
nav_close_menu
Euro 2024
Schedule
Results
Rankings
SPORTS
EURO 2024
France-Belgium: For Les Bleus, 'a new competition begins'

After a poor start in Euro 2024, Kylian Mbappé and his teammates will be hoping to bounce back against Belgium at 6 pm on Monday, in what is the toughest match of the round of 16.

By Alexis Delcambre (Dusseldorf, Germany, special correspondent)

Published on July 1, 2024, at 4:35 pm (Paris) 

3 min read

 
Lire en français
Kylian Mbappé and Didier Deschamps in Paderborn, Germany, on June 27, 2024. FRANCK FIFE / AFP

"A new competition begins." This phrase has become the mantra of the French national team ahead of their game against Belgium on Monday, July 1, at 6 pm, in what is the toughest match of the round of 16 at Euro 2024. Didier Deschamps, William Saliba, Ibrahima Konaté, Eduardo Camavinga, Kylian Mbappé: One by one, those who have spoken in recent days have repeated it, clinging to it like a lifeline, at the end of a disappointing first round (just one win and two goals scored – one own goal and one penalty – in three games), which raised doubts about the team's ability to go far in this competition.

This refrain stems from a conviction firmly rooted within Les Bleus: The experience of the early stages of a competition is not the same as that of the knockout phases. "The impressions of the first round are not those of the second," said the coach, who obviously remembered the 2018 World Cup. France laboriously made it through the first round before transforming themselves in the round of 16 against Argentina (4-3), then displaying impressive collective mastery. A less pleasant memory for Deschamps was against Portugal in 2016. Portugal eventually triumphed to become European champions, 1-0 in extra time, but France drew three times in the group phase.

The history of major international tournaments is littered with teams that reach their peak too early, and others that reveal themselves when it's time for the decisive matches, when collective expression has had time to mature and individual competitors to come together to become more of a unit. It's also the time when other qualities come into play, such as experience of the stress of the final elimination stages and the ability to hold on for a result.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 William Saliba, France's welcome surprise at Euro 2024
'Another dimension'

Deschamps, who as coach won 11 out of 15 knockout matches in major tournaments, is one of those who believes that a month-long competition is long enough for a team to evolve. "On Thursday, the coach got us all together," said Konaté. "He talked to us, and I had the feeling we were entering another dimension. You don't have to think or calculate anymore. There's only one option now, and that's to win and go through to the next round." "He told us we had to concentrate on the future, that the past was over," added Camavinga.

The question now is whether this change in approach, France's experience (20 of the 25 players have already played in the final phase of a major tournament) and the five days without playing since the last match against Poland will be enough to correct the limitations that have appeared in the group stage. There is no doubt that there is a solid defensive base, but it is also evident that there is a serious lack of attacking inspiration. And players who are supposed to be decisive (Ousmane Dembélé, Antoine Griezmann, Kylian Mbappé) are falling far short of expectations and lacking a sense of cohesion.

France's opportunity could arrive in their match against Belgium, a team which also failed to live up to its seeded status. Belgium finished second in its group (behind Romania), with a mixed record (one win, one draw and one defeat), and its goal tally was no greater than that of the French (two goals scored).

The Belgians even had a falling-out with their fans, who whistled at them after a third match that was considered timid (0-0 against Ukraine). This provoked the anger of captain Kevin De Bruyne, who asked his teammates not to go and greet the crowd once the match was over, and the incomprehension of coach Domenico Tedesco, who said he was "surprised" by the fans' reaction when his team had qualified. But this kind of tense atmosphere can bond a team together, and that's more or less what the Belgian press believes, without being totally reassured about their team's potential.

Read more 
Subscribers only
 Arsène Wenger: 'Kylian Mbappé has real power in society, which Michel Platini didn't have back then'
Belgians dream of erasing 2018

The starting team is in transition, but the squad remains very solid. Talented passer De Bruyne and serial goalscorer Romelu Lukaku – who has been denied three goals since the start of the Euro – are the two leaders of a group of 30-somethings who survived the Euros 2016 and 2021 (both quarter-final eliminations) and the 2018 World Cup (semi-final defeat to France).

New
Le Monde’s app
Get the most out of your experience: download the app to enjoy Le Monde in English anywhere, anytime
Download

With Thomas Meunier, Jan Vertonghen and Axel Witsel, this old guard of the Belgian golden generation is still hoping to win a trophy, in a team largely rejuvenated by players from the English Premier League – Timothy Castagne (Fulham), Jérémy Doku (Manchester City), Wout Faes (Leicester), Amadou Onana (Everton) and Youri Tielemans (Aston Villa) – and whose goalkeeper, Koen Casteels (Wolfsburg, on his way to Saudi Arabia), has made a fine start to the tournament (conceding just one goal). With De Bruyne's passing ability, Doku's dribbling skills and Lukaku's speed, the team is ideally suited to counter-attacking, which should make France cautious.

Belgium, of course, is dreaming of erasing the traumatic defeat at the 2018 World Cup, considered to be an injustice. Since that evening in Russia – with five Belgians and five French from the current squads taking part – the former "friendly match" has become a fixture that oozes rivalry, like the video posted on social media by Belgian Amadou Onana, subsequently deleted, in which there was talk of "tackling Mbappé in the shin." "It's going to be a complicated match because they're going to want revenge," warned Konaté. Belgium will also no doubt be telling themselves that a new competition has begun.

Alexis Delcambre (Dusseldorf, Germany, special correspondent)

Translation of an original article published in French on lemonde.fr; the publisher may only be liable for the French version.

Reuse this content
SECTIONS
International
French politics
France
Les Décodeurs
Sports
Environment
Science
Campus
Le Monde Africa
Pixels
Health
Obituaries
Archives
About Us
Le Monde Syndication
Le Monde for hotels
FRENCH FOCUS
Rugby World Cup 2023
Tour de France 2023
Paris Olympics 2024
Emmanuel Macron
OPINION
Editorials
Columns
Analysis

SUBSCRIPTION

Sign up 
Sign In

LE MONDE IN ENGLISH

Sign up to receive our daily selection of "Le Monde"
articles translated into English.
Sign up
LE MONDE LEGAL INFORMATIONS
Legal Information
Group Policy
Privacy Policy
Cookie Preferences
Terms & Conditions
FAQ

FOLLOW LE MONDE

Facebook
Youtube
Instagram
TikTok
Reddit
RSS feed
Reject all cookies

Le Monde and its partners may, independently or jointly, use cookies and similar technologies during your visit to this site in order to gather information, including personal data, such as: IP address, unique identifiers, navigation data, geolocation data.

This data is processed by Le Monde and/or its partners (169), including advertising partners, for the following purposes: to analyse and improve the user experience and the content, products and services offered by Le Monde, to store and/or access information on a device, to measure and analyse website traffic, to interact with social media, to fight fraud, to show you personalized advertising and content on Le Monde's or third parties' websites, to measure the performance of advertisements and content, audience data, and product development. For more information, please see our privacy policy.

With the exception of cookies and similar technology that are required for the operation of the website and, under certain conditions, for audience measurement, cookies and similar technologies may only be deposited with your consent. You may give, refuse, or withdraw your consent at any time through our cookie settings tool. If you do not consent to the use of these technologies, we consider that you also object to the use of cookies that some partners justify by a legitimate interest.

What happens if I refuse ?

If you are not a subscriber and you refuse the use of advertising cookies, you will still be able to access the website. Le Monde may display a promotional banner as you browse to present its subscription offers. Opting out of certain cookies will likely cause some features of the website not to work properly (such as videos). If you wish to access this content, we will be required to ask you for your consent to use cookies again.

Accept
Cookie settings
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.lemonde.fr/en/sports/article/2024/07/01/france-belgium-for-les-bleus-a-new-competition-begins_6676350_9.html 
 ----- 
