Menu
Cari
Berlangganan
Masuk
›
English›Indonesia vs Philippines...
Iklan
2026 WORLD CUP QUALIFICATIONS
Indonesia vs Philippines Prediction, "Garuda" Must Increase the Effectiveness of Opportunities

The Indonesian national team recorded a very low finishing rate when dominating possession of the ball.

Audio Berita
8 menit

This article has been translated using AI. See Original .

By
MUHAMMAD IKHSAN MAHAR
11 June 2024 10:56 WIB
·
6 minutes read
TEKS 

KOMPAS/RIZA FATHONI

The Philippine national team runs around the field during a training session at the Gelora Bung Karno Main Stadium, Jakarta, Monday (10/6/2024).

A standard rule in football is that the winning team in each match is the team that can more effectively use opportunities to score goals. The Indonesian National Team needs to find a solution to the deadlock in the attacking line in order to achieve victory against the Philippines, Tuesday (11/6/2024) at 19.30 WIB, at the Utama Gelora Bung Karno Stadium, Jakarta.

With a much better quality team, Indonesia will certainly take the initiative to attack from the start of the match. The "Garuda" squad urgently needs a win to ensure progress to the third round 2026 World Cup Qualification and qualify for the 2027 Asian Cup.

It is certain that Indonesia will dominate the ball compared to the Philippines. Indonesia also has the opportunity to show superiority in creating opportunities in the final match of Group F in the second round of the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers.

Filipino coach Tom Saintfeit revealed that the first 20 minutes of the first half will be a crucial test for his squad. According to Saintfeit, if the Philippines can withstand the attacks from Indonesia and not concede early in the game, their chances of bringing home at least one point will increase.

KOMPAS/RIZA FATHONI

Indonesian national team player, Nathan Tjoe-A-On, takes part in an official training session at the Gelora Bung Karno Main Stadium, Jakarta, Wednesday (5/5/2024).

"We must utilize Indonesia's weakness in the transition process to create opportunities. If we look at it on paper, we must work as a team to prevent Indonesia from scoring," said Saintfeit in a press conference ahead of the match at SUGBK on Monday (10/6/2024).

Thus, the team dubbed the "Azkals" will certainly play a low defensive zone by gathering 6-8 players roaming around the penalty box. The game plan for the Philippines is clear. Defend as hard as possible, then hunt for goals with fast counterattacks and dead ball situations. They showed this when they lost 2-3 to Vietnam on Thursday (6/6/2024) in Hanoi.

In order to prevent the Philippines' game plan from succeeding, Indonesian Coach Shin Tae-yong must help his players play much more clinically or at least similarly to when the Garuda brought home a 3-0 victory away against Vietnam last March. Indonesia was able to score three goals from nine shots released.

This means Indonesia's goal rate reached 33 percent of total shots. In addition, Indonesia once showed the effectiveness of scoring goals hitting 50 percent of total shots when defeating Iraq 1-5 in the first game in November 2023. Shayne Pattynama scored a goal from only two shots produced by Indonesia in Basra, Iraq.

Also read: Indonesia vs Philippines, why does "Garuda" have to go through to the third round?

KOMPAS/MUHAMMAD IKHSAN MAHAR

Estimated composition of 11 Indonesian players to face the Philippines.

Interestingly, two effective opportunities arise when Indonesia plays more defensively and is inferior in ball possession. In the match against Iraq, for example, Indonesia only recorded 33 percent ball possession.

Meanwhile, during their ability to bring home three points from Hanoi, the Garuda squad only collected 31 percent ball possession. That is the lowest ball possession record for Indonesia in the five matches of the second round of the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers.

Forgot to score a goal

As for when appearing dominant and attacking compared to opponents, Indonesia seemed to forget how to score goals. This was evident when they lost 0-2 to Iraq at SUGBK. Dominating the game with a 55 percent possession of the ball, however not a single goal was created by Rafael Struick and his teammates from nine attempts.

The same thing happened in the match against Vietnam in Jakarta and the first game against the Philippines in Manila. Garuda was able to achieve a 1-0 victory over Vietnam with 51% ball possession, but Indonesia should have been able to score more than one goal if they had calmly utilized the six big opportunities.

Also read: Indonesia vs Philippines, there is no reason "Garuda" failed to win

HUMAS PSSI

Indonesia's midfielder, Marselino Ferdinan (left), is vying for the ball with a Vietnamese player in the 2026 World Cup qualification match at My Dihn Stadium in Hanoi, Tuesday (26/3/2024). Indonesia won the match with a score of 3-0.

In the first match against the Philippines, Indonesia collected 60% ball possession, with dominant moments occurring after halftime. However, the squad only managed to create 12 shots, resulting in only one goal to equalize the score.

In the two matches against Southeast Asian rivals, the effectiveness percentage of Garuda's shots resulting in goals was very minimal. Indonesia only recorded around 12 percent and 8 percent effectiveness of shots that led to goals.

In order to defeat the Philippines and secure a spot among the top 18 teams in the next round in Asia, Indonesia must be much more clinical in front of the goal guarded by Neil Etheridge. The Garuda team will not find it easy to conquer the defense filled with Filipino players, but Indonesia has a number of creative players who can create opportunities for goals and create excitement in the SUGBK stands tonight.

Wing attack

With the "bus parking" tactical plan from the Philippines, the most ideal way for Indonesia to threaten the Azkals defense is to utilize attacks from both wing sides. Attacks from the right or left wing side do not always have to end with a high cross pass.

Indonesia has shown the ability to present piercing actions from the wings and combination plays to enter the penalty box when facing Iraq. Unfortunately, Indonesia's final passes in Iraq's penalty box can still be perfectly anticipated by the defenders of the "Mesopotamia Lions" team.

Also read: Against the Philippines, the rise of the Indonesian National Team from Nadir Point

KOMPAS/RIZA FATHONI

Indonesia National Team player, Ragnar Oratmangoen (on the right), defends the ball from Iraq player Usad Natiq during the 2026 World Cup Qualifiers in the Asian Zone at Bung Karno Main Stadium in Jakarta, Thursday (6/6/2024).

Ragnar Oratmangoen, Rafael Struick, and Marselino Ferdinan are players who dare to improvise from the flank of the opponent's defense. Their ability to pass opponents can open up space for their teammates in the final third of the Philippines defense.

In addition, the potential of debutant candidate, Calvin Verdonk, on the left side must also be maximized by Shin. Calvin's flight hours need not be doubted. He is the player who played the most for NEC Nijmegen in the Dutch League edition 2023-2024. Calvin recorded 2,854 minutes of play from 33 appearances.

Calvin collected 85 crosses and 56 passes that resulted in shots. These two statistical notes were the highest for a Nijmegen player during the 2023-2024 season. Thanks to Calvin's passing instincts, the Indonesian forward was able to receive excellent service from many players, in addition to midfielder Thom Haye.

From the bench, substitute players Yakob Sayuri, Pratama Arhan, and Egy Maulana Vikri could become alternatives when Indonesia faces a deadlock until the 60th minute.

I hope to score the first goal at Gelora Bung Karno against the Philippines.

KOMPAS/RIZA FATHONI

Indonesian national team player, Calvin Verdonk (right), is undergoing an official training session at the Madya Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Jakarta on Sunday (9/5/2024). Indonesia will face the Philippines national team in a continuation match of the 2026 FIFA World Cup Qualifications for the Asian zone at the main Gelora Bung Karno Stadium in Jakarta on Tuesday (11/6/2024) at 18:30 WIB.

In addition to open play, Indonesia also needs to effectively utilize set pieces, especially corner kicks. Two of the three goals against Vietnam were started from corner kick opportunities executed by Thom.

One more thing, in order to perform better in the penalty box against the Philippines, Shin should also increase the number of player options in the opponent's penalty box. The Philippines is not Iraq or Vietnam, so Shin can deploy a duo of central attackers supported by two wing midfielders.

If Ragnar and Rafael are played as a front-line tandem, they will have more opportunities to move around in the Philippine penalty box. Indonesia clearly needs more players in the penalty box to unravel the cluster of Philippine players in the penalty box. It will be very difficult to score if Indonesia only relies on one central striker in the opponent's penalty box.

As a result, the task of creating space and opportunities can be carried out by the quartet of midfielders and with the assistance of two wing backs. The four midfielders can also become additional players in the Philippine penalty box.

Also read: Review of Indonesia vs Iraq Tactics, "Garuda" Team Lacks Alternative Plans

HUMAS PSSI

Indonesian attacker Rafael Struick released a kick amidst the control of Jordan's defender in the Group A match of the 2024 U-23 Asia Cup on Sunday (21/4/2024) at Abdullah bin Khalifa Stadium in Doha.

”In two matches at home (against Tanzania and Iraq), I have not managed to add goals for Indonesian National Team. "I hope to score the first goal at Gelora Bung Karno against the Philippines," said Ragnar.

Attacking is certainly a mandatory requirement for Indonesia to win. However, don't be complacent in anticipating the positive transition of the Philippines, which relies on the lone attacker Patrick Reichelt.

Editor:
EMILIUS CAESAR ALEXEY
Share
Comments

Kirimkan Komentar Anda

Jadilah yang pertama memberikan komentar. Silakan masuk atau daftar akun untuk menggunakan fitur komentar.

Daftar Sekarang
Masuk
Belum ada komentar.
Coba Gratis di Aplikasi
Artikel Terkait
Teka-teki Silang Nomor 2290
18 jam lalu
Teka-teki Tewasnya Mahasiswa UPI Bandung di Gedung Gimnasium Terungkap
8 jam lalu
Perayaan Natal Nasional 2024 Dimulai, Kerlip Lilin Menerangi Temaram
21 jam lalu
Sastra untuk Semua, dari Penjual Mi sampai Komisaris
20 jam lalu
Putin Minta Maaf atas Jatuhnya Azerbaijan Airlines
9 jam lalu
Megawati Merintis Dominasi
22 jam lalu
Antara China dan Amerika Serikat, ke Mana Indonesia Harus Berkiblat?
21 jam lalu
Iklan
Terpopuler
Menyusuri Kekayaan Desa Nelayan Karangsong
19 Mei 2017 · 19:47 WIB
Lainnya Dalam English
Korean Electric Buses to Run in Bali in 2025
27 Desember 2024
Knitting During End of Year Holidays, Fatigue Disappears, Profit Comes
27 Desember 2024
Syria, HTS and the New Anxieties of the Arab Quartet
27 Desember 2024
Ambassador Trias Kuncahyono, Prioritizes Citizens
27 Desember 2024
Iklan
Kantor Redaksi
Menara Kompas Lantai 5, Jalan Palmerah Selatan 21, Jakarta Pusat, DKI Jakarta, Indonesia, 10270.
+6221 5347 710
+6221 5347 720
+6221 5347 730
+6221 530 2200
Kantor Iklan
Menara Kompas Lantai 2, Jalan Palmerah Selatan 21, Jakarta Pusat, DKI Jakarta, Indonesia, 10270.
+6221 8062 6699
Produk
ePaper
Kompas.id
Interaktif
Kompas Data
Kompaspedia
Bisnis
Advertorial
Gerai
Event
Klasika
Klasiloka
Iklan
Tentang
Profil Perusahaan
Sejarah
Organisasi
Lainnya
Bantuan
Kompas Kring
+6221 2567 6000
Whatsapp
+62812 900 50 800
Email
hotline@kompas.id
Ikuti Harian Kompas di
@hariankompas
@hariankompas
@hariankompas
Harian Kompas
© 2024 PT Kompas Media Nusantara
·
Organisasi ·
Tanya Jawab ·
Hubungi Kami ·
Sidik Gangguan ·
Pedoman Media Siber ·
Syarat & Ketentuan ·
Karier ·
Iklan ·
Berlangganan ·
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.kompas.id/baca/english/2024/06/11/en-prediksi-indonesia-vs-filipina-garuda-harus-tingkatkan-efektivitas-peluang 
 ----- 
