Apple
0
+
App Store Preview

Open the Mac App Store to buy and download apps.

 
GOAL Live Scores 17+
Soccer scores, stats & tips
FootballCo Media Limited
Designed for iPad
 4.7 • 4.9K Ratings
Free
Screenshots
iPad iPhone
Description

GOAL Live Scores is the ultimate soccer hub for all your match-day scores and betting needs. With real-time scores, up-to-the-minute stats, and exclusive access to the latest odds and offers, our app provides a one-stop-shop for all of the needs of a soccer fan on a match-day. Our redesigned betting hub delivers everything you need: Match specific odds, top betting tips, and exclusive offers across all the major leagues, so you never miss a winning opportunity. Even better — personalised updates and notifications put you in control of your favourites. GOAL Live Scores immerses you in the world of soccer, enhancing the experience for fans across the globe.




Key Features:

- Live Match Feed: Real-time updates from the top leagues in the world

- Tables and Standings: Immediate access to all the latest tables and standings.

- Betting Content Hub: Match previews, tips and odds for all the biggest games across the soccer calendar

- Follow Your Favourites: Personalise your experience with custom notifications for your top teams, matches and competitions.

- In-Depth Match Stats: Explore line-ups, key events, form, live standings, and dynamic in-game statistics.

- Instant Alerts: Custom notifications for match kick-offs, goals, lineups, breaking news, and more.

- Head-to-Head Data: Dynamic comparisons help you measure your team against rivals.

- Player pages: All new current and historical data for all the biggest names.

- Exclusive Content: Access GOAL's latest articles, breaking news, in-depth analysis, and opinion on the biggest leagues in soccer.





Download the GOAL Live Scores App now and never miss a moment, no matter where you are in the world!






Responsible Gambling

GOAL is committed to responsible gambling. Underage gambling is an offence. Please gamble responsibly and only bet what you can afford. For help, advice and support for a person struggling with gambling, please contact the National Gambling Helpline on 0808 8020 133 or via the NetLine. This service provides advice for persons who struggle with gambling in multiple languages. If you’re worried about your gambling or a friend’s please visit begambleaware.org

more
What’s New
Version History
Dec 17, 2024 

Version 5.2.7

Bug fixes and stability improvements

Ratings and Reviews
See All
4.7 out of 5
4.9K Ratings
 
RoninLeb
, 
10/16/2023
Ads ads even when starting

How is it acceptable that an App start with Ads while still opening???




Unbelievable, you press on it and then you have to watch an Advertisement, which most of the time affect the App, and make you wait for some time to just be able to get the news. Unbelievable attitude.

Keep the Ads in the App not while starting up.

Anyway I found lately another App with much less Ads and lot more infos. So I think am finally moving on

more
ggbcdgb
, 
06/11/2024
New update

***Updated message:

I received a response from the developer to check the app again, I was hesitant but I gave it a try after awhile and this is like night and day. A huge improvement, I can still see it get better in optimization, but this is really good. Happy to be back




Original:




This app was perfect, it gave me all the details I needed, but this recent update is now frustrating to use. What I mean by details, is that I used it to see which games my team was going to play, but now you are unable to see future matches of the team you support. It’s to see future matches of the whole league. Also when clicking on the table, you are now unable to click on the team and see their last matches, stats and etc. this was a horrible update hopefully it gets fixed

more
Developer Response
, 

Hi, We have recently added more stats into the app. This is an improvement on what we had previously, so hopefully you can reconsider your rating! Thanks GOAL Team

more
App Privacy
See Details

The developer, FootballCo Media Limited, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer’s privacy policy.

Data Used to Track You

The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies:

Location
Contact Info
User Content
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Data Linked to You

The following data may be collected and linked to your identity:

Location
Contact Info
User Content
Identifiers
Usage Data
Diagnostics
Other Data
Data Not Linked to You

The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity:

Diagnostics

Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More

Information
Seller
FootballCo Media Limited
 
Size
157.9 MB
 
Category
Sports
 
Compatibility
iPhone
Requires iOS 16.0 or later.
iPad
Requires iPadOS 16.0 or later.
Mac
Requires macOS 13.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later.
Apple Vision
Requires visionOS 1.0 or later.
 
Languages

English, Arabic, Dutch, French, German, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Vietnamese

more
 
Age Rating
17+
Frequent/Intense Simulated Gambling
 
Copyright
Copyright © 2021 Goal.com
 
Price
Free
Developer Website 
App Support 
Privacy Policy 
More By This Developer
GOAL - Soccer News & Scores
Sports
Voetbalzone - Nieuws & Stats
Sports
SPOX: Live, Sport, News
Sports
You Might Also Like
See All
Futbol24 soccer livescore app
Sports
AiScore - Live Sports Scores
Sports
All Football - Soccer scores
Sports
Live Soccer Scores -Skores
Sports

Copyright © 2024 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.

Internet Service Terms App Store & Privacy Cookie Warning Support
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apps.apple.com/us/app/goal-live-scores/id687276446 
 ----- 
