Skip to content
Subscribe Now
18°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

Today's Paper

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Business
Best Reviews
Crime & Public Safety
Education
Government & Politics
Health
National News
Environment
Local
St. Paul
Ramsey County
Anoka County
Washington County
Dakota County
Minnesota
Wisconsin
Sports
Sports
Minnesota Vikings
Minnesota Twins
Minnesota Wild
Minnesota Timberwolves
Minnesota Frost
Minnesota Lynx
Minnesota United FC
College Sports
Gophers Football
St. Paul Saints
Gophers Men’s Basketball
High School Sports
Outdoors
Food
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Restaurant news
Restaurant reviews
Restaurant lists
Recipes
Takeout
Things to Do
Things to Do
Books
Movies & TV
Arts
Music and Concerts
Restaurants, Food and Drink
Theater
Travel
Treasure Hunt
Winter Carnival
State Fair
Home & Garden
Events
Opinion
Editorials
Letters to the Editor
Opinion Columnists
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBMINNESOTA TWINS
Joe Ryan makes bid for playoff start in Twins’ 9-3 win over Angels
Minnesota Twins pitcher Joe Ryan throws against the Los Angeles Angels during the first inning of a baseball game Sunday, Sept. 24, 2023, in Minneapolis. (AP Photo/Craig Lassig)
By BETSY HELFAND | bhelfand@pioneerpress.com | St. Paul Pioneer Press
UPDATED: September 24, 2023 at 5:57 PM CDT

Rocco Baldelli made an unsurprising announcement on Sunday morning: Pablo López and Sonny Gray will start the first two games of the playoffs.

“I don’t think there is any reason to not say that,” Baldelli said. “I think it’s pretty obvious one way or another.”

Though he didn’t announce the order, López would be lined up for the first game, Gray the second. Beyond that, the Twins are still evaluating.

One of those they’re still evaluating?

Starter Joe Ryan, who got the ball in Sunday’s series finale, a 9-3 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Sunday afternoon. Ryan threw six innings on Sunday, giving up three runs and striking out 10, one shy of his career high. Those strikeouts helped Twins pitchers shatter their single-season club strikeout record for the most in a season.

“(Catcher Ryan) Jeffers and I had a good plan today, so just staying on that. There wasn’t too much crazy damage, so you can live with that,” Ryan said. “ … Got some strikeouts, so that was cool.”

There’s a good chance the Twins (83-73) start Ryan in the potential third game of the best-of-three wild-card series. They could also go with Kenta Maeda, though Maeda has extensive experience pitching out of the bullpen in the postseason; and Baldelli announced they are skipping Maeda’s next start and his next appearance will be in relief. Bailey Ober is also still currently in the rotation, though would appear much less as an option for that game than the other two.

“You’re looking for a what the guy can give you in a burst right now or over the next couple of weeks,” Baldelli said. “I think Joe’s in a good place. I think today’s outing is probably a pretty good display of what he’s been doing lately as a whole. I think there’s a lot to continue to even build off of, looking at what he did today.”

Ryan, who fanned all three batters in his last inning of work, picked up his 11th win of the season, thanks to the offense, which scored a pair of runs in the bottom of the sixth inning to retake the lead.

After his departure, Chris Paddack was set to make his first appearance since May 8, 2022, just steps away from the mound when the rain came. Paddack, who had his second Tommy John surgery last year, will have to wait just a bit longer for his return — he did not pitch after a 50-minute rain delay.

Instead, the Twins turned to Louie Varland, Dylan Floro and Kody Funderburk to finish off the game. Each struck out a pair of batters in their innings of work.

The Twins, who surpassed the Cubs’ single-season strikeout record and now have struck out more than any other team in MLB history, broke away shortly after, scoring five runs — thanks in part to two two-run home runs from Max Kepler and Jeffers — in the seventh inning.

“Resetting after a big day where you clinch a playoff berth and there’s all kinds of stuff going on, you can get off track. We haven’t really done that,” Baldelli said. “ … We got some good performances today so overall I think we have to be really pleased.”

Minnesota Twins Report: Breaking news, weekly updates, and insights about the Minnesota Twins.



SIGN UP

By signing up, you agree to our Terms of Use, Privacy Policy, and to receive emails from The Pioneer Press.

Originally Published: September 24, 2023 at 4:39 PM CDT
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Joe Soucheray: Refuse to face foundational truths? Watch your city burn. Or your downtown empty out.
Blaine woman sentenced for sexually assaulting youth hockey players at Roseville hotel
Jhon Wlaschin: TikTok might know you better than you know yourself. Beware, Americans
How to start the new year with a clean inbox
Vikings playoff game against Rams relocated to Arizona due to wildfires
Who’s the backup quarterback for the Vikings? It could be Daniel Jones.
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Trump can still vote after sentencing, but can’t own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MINNESOTA TWINS
Twins add former top catching prospect Diego Cartaya in swap of minor leaguers
Twins acquire utility man Mickey Gasper from Boston for Jovani Moran
Shohei Ohtani wins 3rd AP Male Athlete of the Year award, tying Michael Jordan for 1 shy of record
Rickey Henderson, baseball’s flamboyant ‘Man of Steal,’ dies at 65
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Max Kepler reportedly reaches deal with Phillies, ending long tenure with Twins
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Twins choose minor league pitcher in Rule 5 draft
2023
September
24
SUBSCRIBE
Today’s Paper
Obituaries
Comics
Puzzles
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Newsroom Contacts
Pioneer Press Store
Photo reprints
Manage my account
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
HOME
News
Sports
Opinion
Things to Do
MARKETPLACE
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Work With Us
ADVERTISE WITH US
Network Advertising
Special Advertising Sections
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.twincities.com/2023/09/24/joe-ryan-makes-bid-for-playoff-start-in-twins-9-3-win-over-angels/ 
 ----- 
