Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
Skip to navigation
Support the Guardian
Fund independent journalism with €12 per month
Support us
Sign in
Eur
The Guardian - Back to home
The Guardian
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Show more
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Search input
google-search
Search
Support us
Print subscriptions
Search jobs
Holidays
Digital Archive
Guardian Licensing
About Us
The Guardian app
Video
Podcasts
Pictures
Newsletters
Today's paper
Inside the Guardian
The Observer
Guardian Weekly
Crosswords
Wordiply
Corrections
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
View image in fullscreen
Quinton de Kock smashed 174 from 140 balls in another dominant batting display. Photograph: Alex Davidson/ICC/Getty Images
Cricket World Cup 2023
 This article is more than 1 year old
Cricket World Cup: De Kock blasts 174 as South Africa power past Bangladesh
This article is more than 1 year old
Mumbai: South Africa, 382-5, beat Bangladesh, 233, by 149 runs
Quinton de Kock hits highest score of tournament so far
Reuters
Tue 24 Oct 2023 19.16 CEST
Share
111

Quinton de Kock led South Africa’s batting carnage with an incendiary 174 as they crushed Bangladesh by 149 runs on Tuesday, staying on course for a place in the semi-finals of the Cricket World Cup.

De Kock smashed the tournament’s highest individual score so far – and the ninth-biggest total in men’s World Cup history – before South Africa’s middle order hectored a listless Bangladesh attack to amass 382 for five at the Wankhede Stadium.

Afghanistan stun Pakistan and send England to bottom of World Cup table
Read more

South Africa then reduced Bangladesh to 58 for five, the pace attack eventually bundling their opponents out for 233 in 46.4 overs. Mahmudullah offered resistance with a run-a-ball 111 but it was not enough to avert a heavy defeat. The Proteas have now won four of their five pool-stage games and sit second in the table.

De Kock had announced he would quit one-day internationals after the World Cup in India and the opener appears determined to make his farewell a memorable one, racking up his third century of the tournament.

Aiden Markram, leading the side in the absence of the unwell Temba Bavuma, won the toss and elected to bat. South Africa lost Reeza Hendricks (12) and Rassie van der Dussen (one) in successive overs, but De Kock combined with Markram (60) in a 131-run stand to steady the innings. He and Heinrich Klaasen then tore apart the Bangladesh attack, plundering 142 runs from just 87 balls.

De Kock duly brought up his third hundred in five matches at the tournament and went on to topple India’s Virat Kohli as the tournament’s leading run-scorer. A double hundred looked on the cards before he holed out after a 140-ball blitz that included seven sixes and 15 fours.

The batter’s exit brought no relief for Bangladesh, though, as Klaasen and David Miller, who made 34 not out off 15 balls, continued the mayhem, hitting a combined 12 sixes between them. Klaasen belted 90 off 49 balls as South Africa plundered 144 runs from the last 10 overs to leave Bangladesh with a mountain to climb.

After six quiet overs, Marco Jansen dented the Bangladesh top order by removing Tanzid Hasan and Najmul Hossain Shanto with successive deliveries. The match was effectively over for Bangladesh when they lost the captain, Shakib Al Hasan (one), and veteran Mushfiqur Rahim (eight) cheaply.

skip past newsletter promotion

Sign up to The Spin

Free weekly newsletter

Subscribe to our cricket newsletter for our writers' thoughts on the biggest stories and a review of the week’s action

Enter your email address
Sign up
Privacy Notice: Newsletters may contain info about charities, online ads, and content funded by outside parties. For more information see our Privacy Policy. We use Google reCaptcha to protect our website and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.

after newsletter promotion

South Africa were not as clinical against the tail though, allowing Bangladesh to run up 233 before bowling them out with 3.2 overs to spare. That did allow the Tigers to move off the foot of the table on net run rate, with England dropping back down to last place.

Explore more on these topics
Cricket World Cup 2023
Cricket
South Africa cricket team
Bangladesh Cricket Team
match reports
Share
Reuse this content
Most viewed
Football
Cricket
Rugby union
Tennis
Cycling
F1
Golf
US sports
News
Opinion
Sport
Culture
Lifestyle
Original reporting and incisive analysis, direct from the Guardian every morning
Sign up for our email
Help
Complaints & corrections
SecureDrop
Work for us
 
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Terms & conditions
Contact us
All topics
All writers
Digital newspaper archive
Tax strategy
Facebook
YouTube
Instagram
LinkedIn
Newsletters
Advertise with us
Search UK jobs
Back to top
© 2025 Guardian News & Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. (dcr)
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.theguardian.com/sport/2023/oct/24/cricket-world-cup-south-africa-bangladesh-report 
 ----- 
