We use cookies

We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our website, to show you personalized content and targeted ads, to analyze our website traffic, and to understand where our visitors are coming from.

I agreeI declineChange my preferences
BETTING
South Africa vs Bangladesh Betting Preview 24 Oct 2023: Odds, Offers, Prediction, Tips and Line Ups
October 22, 2023No Comments5 Mins Read

Two teams with contrasting fortunes come into this match at the Wankhede Stadium, as South Africa are coming off a record 229-run win over England while Bangladesh have lost their last three matches. The Proteas bounced back with a great performance after their shock loss to the Netherlands while Bangladesh will be desperate to avoid four straight defeats which will almost certainly end their semi-final chances.  

Date and Time: 24 October 2023, 2 pm IST
Venue:  Wankhede Stadium (Mumbai)
BET NOW
South Africa vs Bangladesh Odds

South Africa: 1.25

Draw: 50.00

Bangladesh:  4.21

South Africa vs Bangladesh Betting Bonus Offers
Betting Site	Free Bets Bonus	Promo Code	More Info
1xBet	130% Welcome Bonus up to 13,000 BDT	SUPERBOOST	1xBet Guide
Parimatch	150% welcome bonus up to 15,000 BDT	PARI150	Parimatch Guide
MostBet	125% up to 25,000 BDT	COMPLETE	MostBet Guide
South Africa vs Bangladesh: Best Existing Customer Promotions
1xBet Risk Free Bet




1xBet introduces a promotional offer for cricket bettors. If you bet on the outcome of the first ball in selected matches and it doesn’t win, you can get your stake back in the form of a free bet. The maximum free bet amount is set at 2494 INR.

How to Claim the Free Bet Offer:
Registration: First, either register or log in on the 1xBet website or app.
Betting: Place single pre-match or live bets on the “Result From First Ball Of The Match” market for cricket events listed on the promotion page.
Receiving the Free Bet: If your bet loses, you’ll receive a bonus, which is a free bet equivalent to your lost stake (up to 3301 BDT).
CLAIM THE FREE BET
South Africa vs Bangladesh Match Prediction: who will win?

South Africa will be on cloud nine after they beat England and will be confident as they are playing once again at the Wankhede Stadium. Bangladesh have struggled to get runs on the board and it won’t get any easier against a Proteas attack that has been in excellent form. The strong batting lineup of South Africa will prove too much for Bangladesh therefore we tip them for the win. 

MAKE YOUR PREDICTIONS
South Africa vs Bangladesh Toss Prediction

South Africa scored 399 runs at this ground in their last match so the pitch is an absolute belter for batsmen. The team winning the toss will look to bat first, set a formidable total and then put the pressure on the opposition. The Proteas lost the only match in which they chased in the tournament, so both teams will be keen to set a score. 

South Africa vs Bangladesh Betting Preview

The obvious strength of the Proteas is their batting lineup with three of their top five batsmen already scoring a century in the tournament. Quinton de Kock and Heinrich Klaasen feature prominently in the top run scorer charts as they have reached three figures on two occasions. Bangladesh will be looking to Captain Shakib Al Hasan to end his poor form with the bat as his team . South Africa are third on the log but have the best net run rate thanks to big wins over Australia and England. The all round quality of the Proteas batting and bowling will overpower the  Bangladesh team therefore we tip them for the win. 

PLACE YOUR BETS
Top Tips for South Africa vs Bangladesh

South Africa to score 87 or more runs in the first 15 overs (1.85) 1xbet

Bangladesh to score 73 or fewer runs in the first 15 overs (1.80) 1xbet

Winner after first 15 overs : South Africa( 1.33) 1xbet

Expected Lineups
South Africa Lineup 

1 Quinton de Kock (wk), 2 Temba Bavuma/Reeza Hendricks, 3 Rassie van der Dussen, 4 Aiden Markram, 5 David Miller, 6 Heinrich Klaasen, 7 Marco Jansen, 8 Kagiso Rabada, 9 Keshav Maharaj, 10 Lungi Ngidi, 11 Tabraiz Shamsi/Gerald Coetzee

Bangladesh Lineup 

1 Tanzid Hasan, 2 Litton Das, 3 Najmul Hossain Shanto, 4 Shakib Al Hasan (capt), 5 Towhid Hridoy, 6 Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), 7 Mehidy Hasan Miraz, 8 Mahedi Hasan, 9 Taskin Ahmed, 10 Shoriful Islam, 11 Mustafizur Rahman

South Africa vs Bangladesh Head-to-head record

South Africa and Bangladesh have previously played each other 24 times in ODI matches. Of these 24 games, South Africa have won 18 whereas Bangladesh have come out victorious on 6 occasions.

BET NOW
FAQ South Africa vs Bangladesh
Which bookmaker is best to bet on South Africa vs Bangladesh? 

1xbet is the best bookmaker to bet with as they have excellent odds and feature over 300 betting markets in a single cricket match. 

Who will win South Africa vs Bangladesh?

We are tipping South Africa to win the match  

Who will score the most runs for South Africa?

We are tipping opener Quinton de Kock  to score the most runs and continue his incredible run scoring in the tournament

Who will score the most runs for Team Bangladesh? 

We are tipping Shakib Al Hasan to top score as he is due for runs.

Who will take the most wickets for South Africa?

We are tipping Kagiso Rabada to be the top wicket taker for South Africa as he is back to his best bowling form.

Who will take the most wickets for Bangladesh?

We are tipping Mustafizur Rahman to be the top bowler for Bangladesh as he will be familiar with the conditions, having played in the IPL. 

1xBet
Cricket World Cup
SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
 PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Pakistan vs Afghanistan Betting Preview 23 Oct 2023: Odds, Offers, Prediction, Tips and Line Ups
NEXT ARTICLE 
Guardiola: I’m Not Bothered About Who Will Succeed Me
Nelson George

RELATED POSTS
Awoniyi Bags First EPL Goal Of Season In Forest’s 3-0 Win Against Wolves
January 6, 2025
Liverpool Release Statement On Whether Game vs Man United Will Go Ahead
January 5, 2025
Promo Code 1xBet 2025: Enter 1XCOMPLETESPORTS to Claim an Extra 30% Free Bet
January 3, 2025
LEAVE A REPLY

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Complete Sports e-Paper

LATEST NEWS
World’s Richest Man Musk Linked With Buying Top EPL Club
January 7, 2025
I Would Love To Have Three Or Four Children With My New Wife  –Mane
January 7, 2025
Jones: Mike Tyson’s Fight With Jake Paul Was Fixed
January 7, 2025
‘We’re Happy For Him’ — Nottingham Forest Boss Celebrates Awoniyi’s Goal Vs Wolves
January 7, 2025
Monaco Line Up Bid For Arokodare
January 7, 2025
Home
Transfers
Lifestyle
Xoilac Tv
iSoccerng
Bongdalu
Real $ Slots
Sports Business
Links 1
Links 2
QUICK LINKS
About Us
Contact Us
Advertise
Terms of Use
Editorial Team
Disclaimer
Privacy Policy
LATEST NEWS
World’s Richest Man Musk Linked With Buying Top EPL Club
January 7, 2025
I Would Love To Have Three Or Four Children With My New Wife  –Mane
January 7, 2025
Jones: Mike Tyson’s Fight With Jake Paul Was Fixed
January 7, 2025
ABOUT

Email Us: info@completesportsnigeria.com
Phone: 234-1-7403112 (Front Office)















Facebook
X (Twitter)
Instagram
Pinterest
YouTube
LinkedIn
TikTok
Telegram
Google News
Copyright © 2024 Completesports.com All rights reserved.
The information contained in Completesports.com may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Completesports.com.
Jojobet Girişcasibomholiganbet girişjojobetcasino siteleriDeneme Bonuslarcasino sitelericasibom 726Onwincasibom girişcasibomholiganbetbets10onwin girişcasibomJOJO BETgrandpashabetbahsegel girişonwincasibomcasino siteleri
Privacy & Transparency

completesports.com and our partners ask for your consent to use your personal data, and to store and/or access information on your device. This includes using your personal data for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. An example of data being processed may be a unique identifier stored in a cookie. Your personal data may be stored by, accessed by, and shared with 911 partners, or used specifically by this site. You can change your settings or withdraw consent at any time, the link to do so is in our privacy policy at the bottom of this page. Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your settings below.

Manage Settings
Continue with Recommended Cookies

Vendor List
|
Privacy Policy
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialisten heeft kousen uitgevonden waar nu om gevochten wordt
Energieke Kousen
|
Sponsored
My Father’s Death Was Premeditated –Maradona’s Daughter Cries Out
Elevate Business Writing With This Desktop App
Grammarly
|
Sponsored
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.completesports.com/south-africa-vs-bangladesh-betting-preview/?srsltid=AfmBOoqUYje9UQXewL-rKlB5k9sqF5z6ZLVTtO80Lb3UzeY8D1GjleVi 
 ----- 
