MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Clinging to playoff hopes, Cubs pull off dramatic comeback to sweep Pirates
By Sahadev Sharma
Aug 28, 2024

167

PITTSBURGH — The Chicago Cubs have finally gotten that elusive sweep. It took some work and came in unexpected fashion, but manager Craig Counsell can finally stop answering questions about his team’s inability to finish off the opposition. On Wednesday afternoon, the Cubs swept the Pittsburgh Pirates on the road, finishing off the three-game set with a wild 14-10 victory in comeback fashion.

“It was a lot of fun,” Counsell said. “Just a heck of a job by everybody. Staying in the fight, not giving in. We just had great at-bats.”

The Cubs trailed 10-3 after six innings but scored 11 runs in the final three frames to pull off an incredible victory. The hero of the game, Christian Bethancourt, was just as unlikely a force as the comeback itself. The Cubs backup catcher has been performing brilliantly since coming up from the minors after Tomás Nido went on the injured list on July 26.

Bethancourt had three hits and seven RBIs, with six in the final three innings. None were bigger than his final two when he delivered a bases-loaded single with two outs in the ninth to give the Cubs an 11-10 lead.

“I don’t know how you can play better than he’s played,” Counsell said. “He’s been sparingly (getting) at-bats and every time he’s in there there’s extra-base hits, there’s RBIs, there’s throwing out runners. He’s been unbelievable. How could you play better than he’s played since he’s been here?”

Bethancourt made his eighth start with the Cubs since being called up in late July. During that stretch, he’s made 29 plate appearances and come away with 11 hits, seven for extra bases. He’s slashing .407/.448/.889 with 15 RBIs.

“You get RBIs, we score runs,” Bethancourt said. “We win games by scoring runs. That’s a big part of the game. When you can get as many as I did today, that’s an unbelievable day. That’s probably a day I will not forget.”

Bethancourt ripped a two-run homer in the seventh to cut the deficit to five runs. In the eighth, he pulled a double down the left-field line to drive in two more. He’d had an RBI groundout earlier in the game and in the ninth delivered the clutch hit the Cubs needed. It seemed like shortstop Isiah Kiner-Falefa may have had a chance at knocking down that single, but the ball came off the bat at 105.9 mph (the second-highest exit velocity of the day for Bethancourt; his homer was 106.1) and it went into the outfield to drive in two.

“He’d been hitting the ball really hard all day but for the last few weeks (too),” said Ian Happ, who had three hits on the day and six for the series. “He hit that really hard and it gets through. Just a really awesome sequence of events. For him to do that (while working) behind the plate on a day like that — it was super hot and humid — to stay in it for that long is super impressive.”

“I had one guy yell at me really loud behind home plate, ‘You stink!’” Bethancourt said. “That went through my mind and I was like, ‘You cannot stink this time. You gotta make him shut up.’ That’s what I did.”

Bethancourt started the season with the Miami Marlins and was eventually designated for assignment after putting up a .466 OPS. But he’s looked like a completely different player with the Cubs. Paired with Miguel Amaya, offensively the duo has been the most productive catching group in baseball over the last month, a dramatic change from when the Cubs had some of the worst production from that position the first few months of the season.

“Obviously numbers are great,” Bethancourt said. “But I think winning ball games is what matters. Despite the struggle I had earlier this year and at Triple A, I came here wanting to play, showing that I can still play in the big leagues and try not to do too much. That’s how I’ve been taking it.”

The Cubs have been doing a lot of winning since Bethancourt arrived. On the day he was activated, the Cubs fell to seven games under .500. They’ve gone 19-10 since and are trying to find a way to get back into the wild-card race.

With a pair of blowouts in the first two games, the Cubs were able to rest their best relievers for much of the Pirates series. But Counsell was forced to lean on his bullpen Wednesday after Kyle Hendricks exited after just 1 2/3 innings. Drew Smyly, who cleared waivers and will remain with the team, had to pitch two innings. So did Porter Hodge, who threw 36 pitches after throwing five on Tuesday.

The bullpen was extra short with Jorge López down after he pulled his groin Monday night. Whether he’ll need an IL stint will be decided at some point this weekend when the Cubs head to Washington, D.C., for three games against the Nationals.

Perhaps the most impressive thing about this series sweep was doing so against the pitchers they faced. In game one, Mitch Keller, who has dominated the Cubs for much of his career, was knocked out after four innings. The Cubs did the same to Jared Jones on Tuesday and are one of only two teams to score three runs off Paul Skenes, who lasted only five innings, and the Cubs have done so twice.

To be able to score 41 runs in a three-game series is impressive on its own. But how impressive is it when a team does it against three very good starters?

“Very,” Bethancourt said. “Lately we’ve been scoring a lot of runs. We hope we can continue that and take it to D.C. and then to the homestand.”

That will be the key. The Cubs can’t let this momentum slow. After digging themselves a hole with poor play in May and June, they have a lot of ground to make up. Before Wednesday’s night games, they remained five games out of a playoff spot.

“We’re playing really good baseball,” Happ said. “The offense is doing its job. We’ve really strung together some good offensive performances. If we continue to do that, I think — I’ve been saying this for a couple weeks now — it’s game-by-game and series-by-series. Win a couple series in a row, the sweep there is nice and go to Washington and see if we can win another series and head back home. Good start to the road trip, but it’s not over.”

(Photo of Ian Happ and Luis Vazquez: Charles LeClaire / USA Today)

Sahadev Sharma is a staff writer for The Athletic and covers the Chicago Cubs. Previously, Sahadev was a national baseball writer for Baseball Prospectus and ESPN Chicago. Follow Sahadev on Twitter @sahadevsharma

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5730107/2024/08/28/cubs-sweep-pirates-christian-bethancourt/ 
 ----- 
