CLOSINGS & DELAYS: Schools systems across the DC area re announcing schedule changes for Friday. See the full list

Close alert.
Click to toggle navigation menu.
NEWS
TRAFFIC
WEATHER
 Live Radio
Listen Live
 Login
Home » Washington Nationals » Nationals Notebook: Haven't we…
This article is about 4 months old
Nationals Notebook: Haven’t we been here before?

Dave Preston | dpreston@wtop.com

September 30, 2024, 5:34 AM

Share This:
share on facebook
share on X
share on threads
share on linkedin
share on email
print
File photo of Nationals manager Davey Martinez. His team finished with the same amount of wins as it did last season. (Courtesy NBC Washington)

Déjà vu is the phenomenon of feeling as though one has lived through the present situation before. The Washington Nationals and their fans were treated to a sense of that this past weekend — and season — as the club finished 71-91, one year after posting a 71-91 mark.

But there is the sense that 2024 was the end of the beginning of the rebuild in D.C.

It’s not everything, but for the first time since 2019, the Nationals did not finish last in the NL East. For all of his issues in 2024, Patrick Corbin did not post the most losses in baseball for the first time in four years.

And even with CJ Abrams’ decline and demotion in the second half of the season, one cannot help but be enthusiastic about some of the pieces in place for 2025.

One still has a vague memory of what it was like to be contending for playoff spots from 2012-2019, and if they’re able to improve this offseason and make the necessary strides next year we will have a different familiar feeling.

You know, déjà vu is the phenomenon of feeling as though one has lived through the present situation before.

Digesting the Division: Philadelphia (95-67) gets the No. 2 seed in the National League, thanks to their first NL East title since 2011, snapping Atlanta’s six-year hold on division.

But the real excitement remains between Atlanta and the New York Mets (both 88-72), who were rained out twice last week and play a doubleheader Monday. If one team wins twice, they’re in as the No. 5 seed and Arizona is the No. 6 seed, while a split creates a three-way tie as the Mets and Braves own the tiebreaker with the Diamondbacks.

Washington (71-91) finished the season by going 10-16 in September, while Miami (62-100) posted a 12-14 mark in the final month of the regular season.

Break up the Birds: The Orioles (91-71) secured the No. 4 seed in the AL Playoffs Friday night with a win at Minnesota. They’ll face Kansas City in Game One of the Wild Card series Tuesday, after taking four of six from the Royals during the regular season.

Baltimore finished fourth in the MLB in scoring, while posting the 14th best ERA in the big leagues. And while they won fewer games than they did in 2023, they do enter October having won five of six. Of course, it’s not how you enter October, but how you exit this month.

Diamonds Direct Diamond King: Stone Garrett suffered a horrific broken leg last August when he attempted to make a catch at Yankee Stadium on the right field wall. He suffered a broken left fibula and tore a ligament in his ankle. It took the veteran 13 months to work his way back to the big leagues.

On Friday, Garrett played for the first time since the injury and went 3 for 4 with a double and a home run while driving in three. One hopes that if Garrett doesn’t find his way back to D.C. next season, he’s able to continue to play somewhere else.

Last Week’s Heroes: Luis Garcia Jr. batted .308 with two homers and five RBI, while Juan Yepez hit .350 with four runs scored and three RBI. Starting pitcher Mitchell Parker and MacKenzie Gore each posted scoreless starts, with Gore tossing six innings and Parker throwing five frames. Derek Law wrapped up 2024 by tossing four and a third scoreless frames over four appearances.

Last Week’s Humbled: Kyle Finnegan faded by allowing four earned runs over 2.2 innings. Jake Irvin allowed six runs over four and a third innings. Ildemaro Vargas went 0-9 at the plate, while Jose Tena batted 0-19.

Season Leaders: CJ Abrams led the Nationals in runs scored, doubles, triples and home runs. Luis Garcia Jr. paced the Nationals in hits and RBI, while Jacob Young’s 33 steals were tops on the roster.

Jake Irvin and MacKenzie Gore each posted a team-high 10 wins. Irvin led the club in innings pitched and quality starts, while Gore had the most strikeouts and lowest ERA for starters.

Kyle Finnegan’s 38 saves were tops on the team, while Derek Law threw more innings out of the bullpen than anyone else.

What’s Next: Who do they go after in free agency? A starting pitcher? A veteran bat? Backup catcher? A clubhouse leader? There will be expectations next year as the memories of 2012-2019 continue to fade.

Get breaking news and daily headlines delivered to your email inbox by signing up here.

© 2024 WTOP. All Rights Reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

Dave Preston

Dave has been in the D.C. area for 10 years and in addition to working at WTOP since 2002 has also been on the air at Westwood One/CBS Radio as well as Red Zebra Broadcasting (Redskins Network).

 dpreston@wtop.com
 @davpresto
Related News
Nationals and infielder Amed Rosario agree to $2 million, 1-year contract
Josh Bell and Washington Nationals finalize $6 million, 1-year contract
MLB panel cuts Nationals TV rights fees by 20% for 2024-26
Recommended
Prince George’s Co. neighborhoods wondering where the snow plows are
Schools across the DC area are announcing schedule changes for Friday
Newborn babies at a Virginia hospital have been suffering mysterious injuries. A nurse now faces abuse charges
Related Categories:
	Latest News | Sports | Washington Nationals | Washington, DC Sports
Tags:
	dave preston | Nationals Notebook | nats
Around the Web
Nevada Gov May Cover the Cost to Install Solar if You Live in Las Vegas
EnergyBillCruncher
These Headlight Glasses Make Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Innovative Bra by 60-year-old Grandma Sweeps Nevada
Libiyi
To Burn All Parasites in the Body You Need to Do These Actions. Read More Here
Xitox
A New $59 Smartwatch That Can Test Blood Sugar Painlessly Just in a Few Seconds
Shirem
Joint Pain? Doctor Says Do This First Thing Each Morning (Simple)
Instaflex
OPM retirement backlog sees new low in processed claims to end 2024
OPM giving two big data platforms a much-needed facelift
IRS workforce surpasses 100,000 employees, but faces ‘war of attrition’ retaining staff
As DDM, Miller strove to balance needs of people, mission
 

5425 Wisconsin Ave
Chevy Chase, MD 20815

 

hello@wtop.com

 

202.895.5000

Copyright © 2025 by WTOP. All rights reserved. This website is not intended for users located within the European Economic Area.

About Us
News Philosophy
News Team
Careers
Advertise
Contests
Contacts
News Tips
Charities
Events
Press
Podcasts
Federal News Network
Sign up for or manage your WTOP email subscriptions
Email
Go
facebook
instagram
x
tiktok
youtube
threads
Feedback Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright Hubbard Radio DMCA Notice EEO FCC Public Inspection Files FCC Applications Do Not Sell My Info – CA Resident Only
Cookie Consent
Through our own and third-party cookies, we collect and share with third parties electronic network activity personal identifiers (including IP addresses and device identifiers) to allow the website to function, store your preferences, analyze your usage of the website, and to measure ad performance and target ads to you. To opt out, please click ‘Do Not Sell.’ If we have detected an opt-out preference signal then it will be honored. For additional information, please see ourPrivacy Policy
Customize Accept Cookies
✕
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://wtop.com/washington-nationals/2024/09/nationals-notebook-havent-we-been-here-before/ 
 ----- 
