THE LATEST
PREVIEW – CFB Playoff: Penn State vs. Notre Dame Is the Stuff of Legends
Your SIX Eagles 2024 Pro Bowlers
The Union Finally Find Their Head Coach, Name Bradley Carnell as 4th in Team History
Home  Phillies  How Should the Phillies Use Ranger Suarez in the Postseason?
PHILLIES
How Should the Phillies Use Ranger Suarez in the Postseason?
By Dylan CampbellPosted on September 30, 20241 min readComments Off
on How Should the Phillies Use Ranger Suarez in the Postseason?
 0 669
 Share on Facebook
 Share on Twitter
 Share on Google+
 Share on Reddit
 Share on Linkedin
It’s 4-0 in the bottom of the first inning against the Washington Nationals in the 160th game of the regular season.
In the previous four games, the lowly Nationals have scored a combined four runs–tonight, they’ve matched that total over 42 meandering pitches from Ranger Suarez.
PHOTO: Lucas Boland/Imagn Images

One of those pitches, in a pivotal 3-2 count, was taken 432 feet to left-center by designated hitter Stone Garrett in his very first at-bat of the season. In total, Suarez would scatter 59 pitches over two innings, surrendering six runs on seven hits and two walks in his last start of the season. 

Just three months ago, Suarez was on top of the world—a leading candidate for the N.L. Cy Young Suarez owned a dominant 10-2 record with a 1.83 ERA in 16 starts through June 25, landing him a spot on his first All-Star team.

It was a coronation of one of the sport’s top young arms–Suarez had come into the season uncharacteristically healthy and was the team’s best pitcher from Opening Day–no more was he just the team’s best-kept postseason secret; he was a legitimate, top-five starting pitcher in the National League. 
Unfortunately, Suarez must have flown too close to the early summer sun, and with his innings totaling higher than ever, he began to crash and burn.

In four starts from June 30 through July 22, Suarez went 0-3 with a 7.71 ERA before landing on the IL with a back injury. Since returning from the IL on August 24, it’s been much of the same: an uninspiring 2-3 record with a 5.74 ERA in seven starts. His velocity has been down. His signature command has wavered. He hasn’t logged a quality start since June 25.

In the wake of Suarez’s disastrous second half–and with the emergence of Cristopher Sanchez–the Phillies have demoted Ranger to being the fourth starter in the upcoming NLDS. A decision is to be made as to whether or not Aaron Nola or Sanchez will start Game 2, but regardless, it is known that if the series comes to a fourth game, Ranger Suarez will make the start. 

Is that the right move?

I’m not sure if even the Phillies can admit that it is at this point. It’s incredibly strange to say that, given just how clutch Suarez has been in the postseason the last two years. It is, however, perhaps the only move that the Phillies can make when your Weapon X turns into a hot mess down the stretch. Behind Suarez–who will assuredly have the shortest of leashes in October–there isn’t much in the ‘pen to eat innings. Taijuan Walker won’t make the postseason roster, and long-man Spencer Turnbull, out since June 26, will attempt to pitch in the team’s intrasquad game this week but hasn’t exactly faced Major League competition in his limited rehab stints in Lehigh Valley.

While the chances of Suarez making a complete 180 in time for the postseason are unlikely; however, it isn’t all doom and gloom. The depth of the starting rotation, in theory, can allow for one of the team’s top pitchers to not play to the best of their ability while still having success.

If Ranger can be just 80% of his potential, if he can provide three to five innings of two-run ball and save the bullpen just a little bit, then the Phillies will have a shot.
And if we’ve learned anything over the last two years, it’s that one chance is all that this team needs to go all the way.

PHOTO: Lucas Boland/Imagn Images

Tags
2024 MLB Playoffs
2024 MLB Postseason
MLB
MLB playoffs
MLB Postseason
Nationals
NL East
NLDS
Philadelphia Phillies
Phillies
Playoffs
Postseason
Ranger Suarez
Red October
Rob Thomson
Washington Nationals
Zack Wheeler
Top Headlines
How Philly Sports Fans Can Turn Stats Into Betting Gold
A Championship; If You Can Keep It.
New Year, New Sixers?
Eagles’ Clock Management Scenario Could Cost Them in the Playoffs
2024 – The Year of Our Youth
MLB insider believes this 10-year veteran would be ‘perfect fit’ for Philadelphia Phillies

By Sportsnaut

MLB insider calls for Philadelphia Phillies to make franchise-altering trade for this All-Star

By Sportsnaut

Phillies could add former Gold Glove winner to outfield in free agency

By Empire Sports Media

Phillies considering moving franchise superstar to leadoff role in 2025

By Empire Sports Media

DYLAN CAMPBELL

May 2020 Ithaca College grad with a B.F.A in Writing for Film, Television, and Emerging Media. Likes to scream bad words at the TV when watching the Phillies. Isn't that what being a fan is all about?

RELATED ARTICLES
MORE IN PHILLIES
2024: The Year of Our Youth
7 days ago
How Philly Sports Fans Can Turn Stats Into Betting Gold
1 week ago
Philly Perfection, Even Though He Wasn’t Ours
3 weeks ago
Why the Steagles Were Just the Beginning
4 weeks ago
It’s Time to Bring Army/Navy Back to Philly – Permanently
4 weeks ago
How Can You Bring Philly Sports into Your Wedding Day Without Looking Like a Mascot Parade?
4 weeks ago
ENHANCING YOUR PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES FAN EXPERIENCE
LIVE LOOK

TWITTER

Tweets by PHLPHILNation

FACEBOOK
WELCOME TO WEGENT
Video Player
00:00
00:37
SUPPORT PHLSPORTSNATION
SUBSCRIBE TO PHLSPORTSNATION VIA EMAIL 
Receive a weekly email with the top trending articles on PHILADELPHIA SPORTS NATION
First name
Email
TRENDING POSTS 
How the Eagles Stack Up Against Every Current NFC Playoff Team
A Championship; If You Can Keep It.
2025 NBA Rivals Week: Top 3 Basketball’s Rivalries Worth Watching
Philly’s Lockdown Cornerback
Eagles' Playoff History at Lincoln Financial Field
Extravagant As Ever; the Mummers Are Ours. 
The Union Finally Find Their Head Coach, Name Bradley Carnell as 4th in Team History
PREVIEW - CFB Playoff: Penn State vs. Notre Dame Is the Stuff of Legends
Lincoln's Latest Flight
Top 10 Historic Moments of the Eagles
RECENT POSTS
A Championship; If You Can Keep It.
Extravagant As Ever; the Mummers Are Ours. 
2025 NBA Rivals Week: Top 3 Basketball’s Rivalries Worth Watching
Philly Gridiron Perfection
Philly’s Lockdown Cornerback
A Mission for Tanner McKee
PREVIEW – CFB Playoff: Penn State vs. Notre Dame Is the Stuff of Legends
Eagles’ Playoff History at Lincoln Financial Field
Your SIX Eagles 2024 Pro Bowlers
The Union Finally Find Their Head Coach, Name Bradley Carnell as 4th in Team History
INSTAGRAM
phlsportsnation
The move that needed to happen • • • #sixers
What are the odds the Sixers actually land Damian
The Pistons, Cavs, and Pacers have all made inquir
Rhys Hoskins appreciation post • • • #
Load More...
  Follow on Instagram
Top Tags Eagles Phillies Joel Embiid Sixers Flyers Featured MLB Philadelphia Breaking Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers NFL Philadelphia Eagles NBA 76ers
ABOUT US
Philadelphia Sports Nation (PHLSportsNation) | phlsportsnation.com | is a sports media and information website that looks to provide updates on the latest Philadelphia sports happenings across our network of social accounts and online platforms. With the most up-to-the-minute information on all 5 professional Philadelphia teams - Eagles, Flyers, Phillies, 76ers, Union - shared daily and in one location, PHLSportsNation is committed to Enhancing Your Philadelphia Sports Fan Experience. //// PHLSportsNation is a member of Wegryn Enterprises (WegENT) | wegrynenterprises.com | The goal of the WegENT network is to curate the most up-to-the-minute information about a fan’s favorite sports teams in one centralized location. By allowing only the truest of fans to speak their minds about their favorite teams, WegENT is committed to Enhancing Your Sports Fan Experience, straying away from the national narrative you may be normalized to hearing about and letting the fan speak their thoughts and minds.
FOLLOW US
    
PHLSportsNation NetworkWegENT SitesJoin Our Team
BloggerSocial Media Admin
Media CredentialsAdvertiseAbout
Privacy PolicyTerms and Conditions
Contact
© 2014-2022 - PHILADELPHIA SPORTS NATION · All Rights Reserved · Philadelphia Sports Nation · Member of Wegryn Enterprises
    
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://phlsportsnation.com/2024/09/30/how-should-the-phillies-use-ranger-suarez-in-the-postseason/ 
 ----- 
