 
This article was first published 2 years ago

Home » Cricket » What Are Sheriffs Doing At The Gabba?

What Are Sheriffs Doing At The Gabba?

November 01, 2022 09:36 IST

By Rediff Cricket

IMAGE: Spectators dressed up as sheriffs at the Gabba in Brisbane on Monday, October 31, 2022. Photographs: Bradley Kanaris/Getty Images

As Australia Captain Aaron Finch found form against Ireland, the Gabba was packed to capacity.

Finch's 44-ball 63 helped the Aussies post a challenging 179 on the board, bringing to life a part of the crowd in the stands, dressed as sheriffs.

Beers in hand, the 'super troopers' were all smiles as Finch clobbered three sixes during his match-winning knock -- the Aussie now has the 3rd highest number of sixes in T20Is, a dizzying 125 sixes.

IMAGE: Pat Cummins signs autographs for young fans shortly before the start of the Australia-Ireland game.

Surrounded by a bunch of kids, pacer Pat Cummins was seen happily obliging them with autographs. The match against Ireland was a good outing for the newest Aussie ODI skipper as he finished with figures of 2 for 28.

Australia move to second in Group 1 behind New Zealand, who have a game in hand, but the hosts missed a golden opportunity to lift their net run-rate above third-placed England.

Get Rediff News in your Inbox:
email
Rediff Cricket
RELATED STORIES
PHOTOS: Australia down Ireland, keep semis hopes alive
Finch to undergo scans after a 'hammy twinge'
'Hope you're watching Sai Baba'
With DK sidelined, T20 transition set in motion
Kohli Hotel Video: Contractor Sacked!
WEB STORIES

5 Indicators You Have Low Estrogen Levels

5 Winter-Friendly Beverages To Keep Warm

The OnePlus Watch 3 Series Will Mind Your Health

VIDEOS
1:48
Biden awards Presidential Medal of Freedom to Hillary...
1:09
Prayagraj: Niranjani Akhara Peshwai arrives at the 'Maha...
MOST POPULAR
'Virat brings theatre to the game'
Gambhir urges players to play domestic cricket
How The Aussies Celebrated Victory
Consistency is key to Australia's success
Play Ranji or risk losing Test spots: Gavaskar...
FOR YOU
What Was Kohli Trying To Do?!
© 2025 Rediff.com - Feedback - About us - Advertise with us

NEWS

BUSINESS

MOVIES

CRICKET

SPORTS

GET AHEAD
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.rediff.com/cricket/report/t20-world-cup-what-are-sheriffs-doing-at-the-gabba/20221101.htm 
 ----- 
