English
TIPS
SA20
INDIAN SUPER LEAGUE
BBL 2024
BARBADOS T10
BPL 2024
PONDICHERRY MASTERS T10
TODAY MATCH PREDICTION
TODAY TOSS PREDICTION

HOME / NEWS / ODI World Cup 2023: South Africa vs Bangladesh - Who will win ODI between South Africa and Bangladesh?

ODI World Cup 2023: South Africa vs Bangladesh - Who will win ODI between South Africa and Bangladesh?
Bangladesh have won three of their last five ODIs against South Africa, but still, they don’t seem in the best of spaces to better this record on October 24.

ARJUN SHARMA
Author

Updated - 24 Oct 2023 06:49 AM

Credit: Twitter

Follow Us On Whatsapp
Follow Us On Telegram

Match Details

Date : October 24, 2023
Time : 2:00 PM IST
Venue : Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai
Live Ball-By-Ball Commentary : SportsTiger App


Also Read: ODI World Cup 2023 Live Scores Here  |  Cricket Today Match Prediction

Preview

The 23rd match of the ODI World Cup 2023 will have South Africa play against Bangladesh at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. In their previous match, the Proteas demolished the challenge of England to bring their campaign back on track, but on the other side, the Tigers are woefully out of form with three consecutive losses. That’s why, even while Bangladesh have won three of their last five ODIs against South Africa, they don’t seem in the best of spaces to better this record on October 24.

Pitch Report

The pitch for the first match of the ODI World Cup 2023 at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai provided South Africa the opportunity to put a massive first innings score of 399 on the board against England. Moreover, The average first-innings score at this venue in ODI cricket is 251, which is expected to be breached when South Africa take on Bangladesh.

Team Analysis

South Africa

Heinrich Klaasen, Rassie van der Dussen, and Reeza Hendricks, the replacement for the captain Temba Bavuma, played a key role in helping South Africa put together 399 runs on the board against England in the previous match. In the bowling department, Kagiso Rabada, Gerald Coetzee, and Marco Jansen were majorly involved in skittling out England very quickly, to secure a big victory for the Proteas.

SportsTiger Playing XI of South Africa

Quinton de Kock (wk), Reeza Hendricks, Rassie van der Dussen, Aiden Markram (c), Heinrich Klaasen, David Miller, Marco Jansen, Gerald Coetzee, Keshav Maharaj, Kagiso Rabada, Lungi Ngid i

Bangladesh

Litton Das and Tanzid Hasan put together a brilliant opening partnership for Bangladesh, but still, they couldn’t reach above par total against India in their latest outing of the ODI World Cup 2023, after losing wickets at important times. The bowlers for the Tigers couldn’t put India under pressure in the run chase, in the absence of the captain Shakib Al Hasan, allowing them to chase the target down with ease.

SportsTiger Playing XI of Bangladesh

Litton Das, Tanzid Hasan, Najmul Hossain Shanto (c), Mehidy Hasan Miraz, Towhid Hridoy, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), Mahmudullah, Nasum Ahmed, Mustafizur Rahman, Shoriful Islam, Hasan Mahmud


Match Prediction

Conclusion

South Africa are going to be the favourites going into their upcoming match in the ODI World Cup 2023 against Bangladesh, owing to the recent run of results for both the teams in the quadrennial spectacle.

Disclaimer: The facts expressed within this article are the author's personal opinions. They do not reflect the views of SportsTiger. It is not a reflection of the actual points you might earn. SportsTiger does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.

ODI World Cup 2023
LATEST NEWS

07 January 2025

HS Prannoy’s match stopped and postponed due to leakage in stadium roof at Malaysia Open

07 January 2025

My fault: Sam Konstas accepts provoking Jasprit Bumrah in fifth BGT Test leading to Usman Khawaja’s wicket

07 January 2025

Look where Gill's career is right now: Sanjay Manjrekar shares critical approach on Shubman Gill’s vice captaincy in Test

07 January 2025

How many overs did he bowl?- Balwinder Singh Sandhu on Jasprit Bumrah’s workload management

Apps
Android
iOS
Quick Links
Today Toss Prediction
Dream11 Match Prediction
Today Bet Of The Day
Info Links
Contact Us
Disclaimer
About Us
DMCA
Advertise with Us
Privacy Policy
Write for us
Terms of Use
Follow us:

© 2025 SportsTiger. All rights reserved

 Product.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportstiger.com/news/odi-world-cup-2023-south-africa-vs-bangladesh-match-prediction-who-will-win-todays-match-between-south-africa-and-bangladesh-sa-vs-ban-win-prediction-today-match 
 ----- 
