Skip to content
LWOS HOME
NBA
NCAA
NBA DRAFT
RUMORS
FANTASY
BETTING
SHOP
Sports. Honestly. Since 2011
Celtics’ Big Man Gets Honest About Returning From Injury
January 4, 2025
Eamon Cassels, Editor

After missing four straight games with an ankle sprain, Boston Celtics center Kristaps Porzingis returned to the court on Friday night against the Houston Rockets. Porzingis recorded 11 points, five rebounds, two assists, and two blocks en route to a 109-86 win. After the game, Porzingis discussed the challenge of returning from his injury. Notably, Porzingis missed the first 17 games due to an offseason ankle surgery before returning in late November, and the ankle sprain he recently suffered was on the same ankle. Let’s dive into Porzingis’ comments and impact this season.

Celtics’ Big Man Kristaps Porzingis Gets Honest About Returning From Injury

Porzingis said the following regarding returning from his injury.

Ferrari F1 Zandvoort GP Preview with C²

Through 12 games, Porzingis is averaging 17.7 points, 6.3 rebounds, 1.7 assists, and 1.5 blocks on 44.9/34.3/84.2 shooting splits. All of these numbers are slightly down from last season, given Porzingis’ comments and watching him, it’s clear he’s not at full strength yet. Nevertheless, Porzingis has plenty of time to get back on track, and being at full strength after a rare ankle injury is not an easy task. Furthermore, the 7-foot-2 center’s paint presence on both ends of the floor has been significant. After the Rockets game, head coach Joe Mazzulla acknowledged the difficulty of returning from injury but praised Porzingis’ defense.

Porzingis is Still Impactful

To Mazzulla’s point, Porzingis’ defensive impact has been on full display in the 12 games he’s played, especially against the Rockets. Porzingis’ rim protection and two blocks were crucial to the Celtics’ defensive success. On the season, Porzingis is defending 17.6 field goals per game, which is the most on the team, he has a 47.9 defensive field goal percentage. Additionally, since Porzingis’ return, the Celtics’ paint defense has improved from 26th to fourth. The Celtics’ defense has been somewhat concerning this season, and Porzingis will play a key role in getting it back on track.

Offensively, Porzingis is shooting 76.7 percent at the rim; as a team, the Celtics are shooting 60.9 percent from this range. Porzingis gives the Celtics a new element as an efficient interior scorer. Overall, Porzingis ranks in the 91st percentile for offensive plus/minus and 86th percentile for defensive plus/minus.

The Last Word

While Porzingis isn’t 100% right now, he has plenty of time to get back to full strength and is still making a significant impact. Being in and out of the lineup is a massive challenge, especially after having an offseason surgery. Hopefully, Porzingis can stay healthy for an extended period of time so he can build momentum. Notably, the Celtics traditional starting lineup of Jayson Tatum, Jaylen Brown, Derrick White, Jrue Holiday, and Porzingis has only played a total of six games and 85 minutes together. Getting this lineup more reps together for the remainder of the year will be vital for the Celtics to prepare for the playoffs.

Eamon Cassels, Editor
Eamon Cassels is a senior at the University of New Hampshire where he majors in sport management and communication pursuing a career in sports media. Cassels is an NBA writer and editor for LWOS. Most of his articles focus on the Boston Celtics or unique NBA lists. He also writes for FanSided and his blog The Last Shot NBA. Outside of basketball, Cassels is a big fan of the NFL and rap music. https://twitter.com/EamonCassels
Share:
More Posts
New York Knicks Need To Trade For More Depth

The New York Knicks are set up pretty well for a playoff run. Karl-Anthony Towns has been magnificent all year and after a slow start,

Trail Blazers Defensive Stalwart Could Be Close To Season Debut

It sure is looking like the Portland Trail Blazers will be missing the playoffs once again for the fourth consecutive season. Their 13-25 record has

Grizzlies Hope Young Pieces Back From Injury In Near Future

The Memphis Grizzlies have several players out with injuries. However, they hope to have GG Jackson II and Vince Williams Jr. back “by the end

Philadelphia Needs Reinforcements, When Will The 76ers NBA MVP Return After Setback & Other Injury Updates

The Philadelphia 76ers received some much-needed promising news prior to their disappointing home loss to shorthanded New Orleans on Friday night. According to the Associated

New York Knicks Need To Trade For More Depth

January 12, 2025

The New York Knicks are set up pretty well for a playoff run. Karl-Anthony Towns has been magnificent all year and after a slow start, Mikal Bridges is rounding into form. Adding those two to their core from last season looks like an excellent risk. The Knicks are currently the third seed in the East at 25-14. Unfortunately, their current roster, although better than last season, is running the risk of repeating last year’s result of an early playoff flameout. Injuries caused the depth to suffer for the Knicks, and this season they aren’t getting much from their bench. Let’s […]

Trail Blazers Defensive Stalwart Could Be Close To Season Debut

January 12, 2025

It sure is looking like the Portland Trail Blazers will be missing the playoffs once again for the fourth consecutive season. Their 13-25 record has them in 13th place in the Western Conference. Portland is a full six games behind the Golden State Warriors, who are in 10th. They have often struggled on the defensive end and have been without Matisse Thybulle for the whole season. An update has been provided on Matisse Thybulle, and hopefully he will get to make his return to the court for his season debut in the not-so-distant future. Trail Blazers Defensive Stalwart Could Be […]

Grizzlies Hope Young Pieces Back From Injury In Near Future

January 11, 2025

The Memphis Grizzlies have several players out with injuries. However, they hope to have GG Jackson II and Vince Williams Jr. back “by the end of the month,” according to head coach Taylor Jenkins. On Jan. 7 and Jan. 9, the organization assigned Jackson to a practice with their G League affiliate, the Memphis Hustle. The second-year forward has yet to play this season after undergoing a procedure to repair his fifth metatarsal in the offseason. Williams has received no such assignments from the Grizzlies, yet. Nonetheless, he’s recovering from a Grade 3 ankle sprain after missing the start of […]

Philadelphia Needs Reinforcements, When Will The 76ers NBA MVP Return After Setback & Other Injury Updates

January 11, 2025

The Philadelphia 76ers received some much-needed promising news prior to their disappointing home loss to shorthanded New Orleans on Friday night. According to the Associated Press, Joel Embiid may return on Sunday when the 76ers hit the road to Orlando. Embiid sat out his third straight game as Philadelphia fell to 15-21 on the season with a disappointing 123-115 loss to New Orleans (8-31). The Pelicans, who won for the third time in 18 road games, played without the suspended Zion Williamson while Brandon Ingram remains out. The 76ers, who are in the middle of the NBA in defense rating, […]

Tyronn Lue Concerned Over Clippers Struggles to Start 2025

January 11, 2025

The Los Angeles Clippers have struggled to begin the new year, and head coach Tyronn Lue is concerned with his team. They’ve lost three of four games to begin 2025. For a Clippers team doing so well to start the season, that has not been the case recently. It hurts especially more since LA’s losses came against two Western Conference contenders on the road. Tyronn Lue Concerned Over Clippers Struggles to Start 2025 Lue has been through a lot this season, and this stretch of games is not unfamiliar territory. On Wednesday, they suffered an embarrassing loss against the Denver […]

Load More
Application
Current Openings
Writing FAQ
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://lastwordonsports.com/basketball/2025/01/04/kristaps-porzingis-injury-comments/ 
 ----- 
