Sections
LOG IN
Show Search

LIVE COVERAGE

More than 9,000 homes, structures damaged or destroyed in Palisades, Eaton fires, officials say
ADVERTISEMENT
CLIPPERS
Clippers overcome fatigue and hold off Raptors for fourth consecutive win
Clippers guard Norman Powell shoots over Toronto Raptors guard Gradey Dick during the first half of the Clippers’ 105-103 win Saturday at the Intuit Dome. (Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press)
By Broderick Turner
Staff Writer
Follow
Published Nov. 9, 2024 Updated Nov. 10, 2024 1:23 AM PT
Share

Slowly and deliberately, Clippers coach Tyronn Lue climbed the steps to the podium for his postgame news conference and plopped down in his chair. He shook his head.

“I’m tired,” Lue said.

And so were his players.

The Clippers’ fatigue was evident Saturday in how they blew a 14-point lead against the Toronto Raptors at the Intuit Dome. Their weariness showed in how James Harden and Norman Powell missed three of the team’s six free throws down the stretch. Their exhaustion showed after heavy minutes for Harden, Powell and Ivica Zubac pushed them to their limit.

Ultimately, the Clippers escaped with a 105-103 win that was decided in the final seconds.

ADVERTISEMENT

CLIPPERS

Norman Powell continues to shine, scoring 31 in Clippers’ win over Kings
Nov. 8, 2024

The Clippers have played four games in six days. In 10 games this season, they’ve played three sets of back-to-backs.

They won their fourth consecutive game, but it took Harden playing more than 34 minutes to get 24 points, 12 rebounds and seven assists. Powell played 35:03 to get his 24 points and Zubac played 38:20 to get 14 points and 12 rebounds. It also took stellar defense by Terance Mann for the Clippers to close out with a win.

“I knew a few of our guys were tired,” Lue said. “But this was one we had to fight through mentally. I know Norm was tired from the jump and what he has been doing for us offensively. We needed every minute he could give us tonight, and I know he was tired. Zu was a little tired. But we had to win this game.

ADVERTISEMENT

“We’ll worry about tomorrow, tomorrow. But today was a winnable game. We’re up so we had to finish the game out and guys had to play a little bit more minutes than you would like on a back-to-back, but we needed the win.”

Clippers guard Kris Dunn celebrates after dunking against the Raptors in the first half Saturday. (Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press)

After Toronto’s Immanuel Quickley tied the score 102-102 on a three-pointer with 39 seconds left, the Clippers retook the lead when Powell made a free throw seconds later. Back on defense, Mann rose to the occasion, blocking a shot by Quickley.

ADVERTISEMENT

A few seconds later, Harden was fouled. But Harden also made just one free throw. He finished just five for 17 from the field and two for eight from the three-point line.

“We had a tough schedule,” Harden said. “But we make some good money to go out there and play the game that we love. So, we just got to figure out ways to win games.

“It ain’t nothing... I don’t know what you want me to say as far as.... You know, tomorrow we travel, go to OKC and play another one. Like, this is the NBA.”

With the Clippers clinging to a two-point lead, Mann came up big again on defense, forcing RJ Barrett to miss a shot. But instead of sealing the game when he was fouled, Powell missed another free throw, making it 105-102 with 8.7 seconds left.

That left the door open for one more opportunity for the Raptors.

After Toronto center Jakob Poeltl drew a foul and made his first free throw, he intentionally missed his second free throw. He tried to score on a putback, but his shot missed and Zubac corralled the rebound with 2.5 seconds left. He passed it to Harden, who threw it down court as time expired.

“In the game for me tonight, I was a little tired, a little fatigued from last game,” Powell said about Friday night’s game in Sacramento. “T Lue saw it, but the coaches were telling me just play the game the right way, don’t have to force anything and I just kept telling myself to stay in the moment and find a way.”

When will Kawhi Leonard return?

Lue was asked if Kawhi Leonard, who hasn’t played this season because of inflammation in his right knee, would travel with the Clippers on their three-game trip that opens Monday against Oklahoma City. He was short with his answer.

“Uh, no,” Lue said.

Lue said he wasn’t sure if center Mo Bamba, who hasn’t played this season because of a knee injury, would play during the trip. Bamba has been progressing and playing in five-on-five and three-on-three sessions, Lue said.

More to Read
Norman Powell and James Harden power Clippers to win over Pelicans
Dec. 30, 2024
Norman Powell and Clippers beat slumping Warriors for third time this season
Dec. 27, 2024
Norman Powell’s clutch performance lifts Clippers to win over Grizzlies
Dec. 23, 2024
CLIPPERS
Newsletter

Get our high school sports newsletter

Prep Rally is devoted to the SoCal high school sports experience, bringing you scores, stories and a behind-the-scenes look at what makes prep sports so popular.

Enter email address
SIGN ME UP

You may occasionally receive promotional content from the Los Angeles Times.

Broderick Turner
X
Instagram
Email
Facebook

Broderick Turner is a Los Angeles Times reporter who covers the Los Angeles Lakers and Clippers.

More From the Los Angeles Times

CLIPPERS

Kawhi-less Clippers are routed by the Jokic-less Nuggets
Jan. 8, 2025

SPORTS

Late Laker Darius Morris’ dad, brother sentenced to prison for money order thefts of $5 million
Jan. 9, 2025

CLIPPERS

Clippers can’t recover after giving up 19-point lead in loss to Timberwolves
Jan. 6, 2025

CLIPPERS

Kawhi Leonard scores 12 points in his return as Clippers dominate Hawks
Jan. 5, 2025
Subscribers are Reading
Palisades fire: Evacuations, road closures, shelters, schools, forecast
Fast-moving Eaton fire explodes in Pasadena, Altadena: ‘We’re not playing around. This is serious’
Aubrey Plaza says husband’s death was an ‘unimaginable tragedy’
These are the Malibu and Altadena restaurants destroyed by ongoing L.A. fires
Among tens of thousands of displaced Angelenos, celebrities face the same devastating losses
Latest Clippers
Clippers star Kawhi Leonard will make his season debut Saturday
Jan. 4, 2025
With James Harden out, Clippers fade as Thunder win to set franchise record
Jan. 2, 2025
Clippers can’t keep pace with Spurs on second night of back-to-back games
Dec. 31, 2024
Clippers: Kawhi Leonard’s progress ‘really good’ but he’s still not ready to return
Dec. 26, 2024
Albert Sanders Jr. is the most important person in the NBA you’ve never heard of
Dec. 25, 2024
ADVERTISEMENT

Subscribe for unlimited access
Site Map

Follow Us

X
Instagram
YouTube
Facebook
eNewspaper
Coupons
Find/Post Jobs
Place an Ad
Media Kit: Why the L. A. Times?
Crossword
Obituaries
Recipes
Guides
L.A. Times Store
About/Contact
For the Record
L.A. Times Careers
Manage Subscription
Reprints and Permissions
Copyright © 2025, Los Angeles Times | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | CA Notice of Collection | Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.latimes.com/sports/clippers/story/2024-11-09/clippers-toronto-raptors-game-james-harden-recap 
 ----- 
