 Register / login  Newsletter  Contact
   
EN
JP
News & Articles
National Team (Men)Japan Defeat Mongolia 6-0
Japan Defeat Mongolia 6-0
2024-05-12 News & Articles National Team (Men)

Japan completed a 6-0 series win against Mongolia with a 157-run win in the final match at the Sano International Cricket Ground on Sunday 12th May.

Japan won the toss yet again and chose to bat first, with Lachlan Yamamoto-Lake finding some form on his way to 80 from 40 balls. Upon his dismissal Koji Hardgrave-Abe took up the mantle, but fell short of a second half century of the series when he was dismissed for 49 from 23 balls.

Mongolia showed more ambition in the chase than in previous matches, and were rewarded with their highest T20 International score, dismissed for 75 in the 17th over.

There was also a moment of celebration for Makoto Taniyama, who took his 50th international wicket on the way to figures of three for 13, and is now second on the list of all time wicket-takers for the Men’s Japan National Team.

The improvement of the Mongolia team across the series was noted in the post match presentations where Yamamoto-Lake received the player of the match award, before the management of each team chose a player of the series from the other team.

For Japan, Charlie Hinze took home the award thanks to 13 wickets across the series, finishing as the leading wicket-taker on either side, while Mongolia captain Luvsanzundui Erdenebulgan finished second on that list with 11 wickets and was chosen by the Japan coaches.

The Japan Cricket Association would like to extend our thanks to the Mongolia Cricket Association for travelling to Japan and taking part in this first ever bilateral series between the two nations. Before this week the Men’s Mongolia National Team had only played two matches, and we hope the experience gained across this series helps accelerate their development in the future.

Match Summary:

Match 7: Japan, 232/5 (L.Yamamoto-Lake, 80) beat Mongolia 75/10 (Taniyama 3/13), by 157 runs

Highlights:

JCA Official Social Media
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/cricketjapan
Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/japan_cricket
X: https://twitter.com/CricketJapan
Men’s National Team Partner
Mitsui Knowledge Industry Co., Ltd.

Mitsui Knowledge Industry Co., Ltd. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsui & Co., Ltd. (MKI) specialized in providing services and products related to ICT (information and communication technology). Partnering with various global ICT vendors and supporting more than 2,500 companies, MKI offers best-in-class solutions to customers.

Website: https://www.mki.co.jp/english/

Event Calendar
Read More
Leagues & Tournaments
Read More
Twitter
@cricketjapan Could not get JSON data from Twitter
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://cricket.or.jp/en/archives/28200 
 ----- 
