Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

eNewspaper

Home Page
Close Menu
Subscriber Services
Subscriber Services
Manage Subscription
EZ Pay
Vacation Stop
Delivery Issue
Today’s E-Editions
Chicago Tribune
Evening Edition
The Beacon News
The Courier-News
Daily Southtown
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Naperville Magazine
Advertise with Us
Advertise with Us
Classified
Who’s Who
Jobs
Business
Business
Careers & Finance
Top Workplaces
Real Estate
Transportation
Dining
Dining
Louisa Kung Liu Chu
Recipes
Entertainment
Entertainment
Books
Movies
Museums
Music
The Theater Loop
Travel
TV and Streaming
News
Latest Headlines
Crime and Public Safety
Education
Environment
Health
History
Immigration
Investigations
Local News
Marijuana
National News
Weather
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Commentary
Letters
Tribune Voices
Politics
Politics
Democratic National Convention
Elections
Sports
Sports
Chicago Bears
Chicago Bulls
Chicago Blackhawks
Chicago Cubs
Chicago White Sox
Chicago Sky
College Sports
Soccer
Suburbs
All Suburbs
Aurora Beacon News
Daily Southtown
Elgin Courier-News
Lake County News-Sun
Naperville Sun
Post-Tribune
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an obituary
Special Sections
Branded Content
Paid Partner Content
Advertising by Ascend
Paid Content by Brandpoint
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSNBA
NBA preview: Who will win the Central Division? Pacers and Cavs eager to build on momentum, while Bucks hope to stay healthy.
Pacers’ James Wiseman shoots over the Cavaliers’ Tristan Thompson during the second half of a preseason game in Cleveland on Oct. 10, 2024. (AP Photo/Phil Long)
By STEVE MEGARGEE | Associated Press
PUBLISHED: October 19, 2024 at 6:00 AM CDT

MILWAUKEE — Tyrese Haliburton and the Indiana Pacers want to show their run to the Eastern Conference finals last year was no fluke.

Indiana made its first playoff appearance since 2020 last season and had the longest postseason run of any Central Division team since Giannis Antetokounmpo led the Milwaukee Bucks to the 2021 title.

The fact the Pacers did that as a No. 6 seed explains why most preseason prognostications suggest they won’t make a similar run this year.

“Everybody’s been doubted one way or another, I mean our whole starting five,” said Haliburton, a third-team All-NBA guard and Olympic gold medalist. “You know, me. We have a guy who was a second-round pick. A guy that got traded from his first team, a guy who played his first couple years and got traded, and a guy who’s been talked about being traded his whole career.

“So I think everybody has different motivations and I think that just adds chips on our shoulder as a group, and I think that’s the exciting part because I think that’s the reason there was so much success and hunger last year.”

Indiana’s playoff run started with a first-round victory over the Bucks, who have finished first in the Central Division each of the last six years but haven’t been able to translate that regular-season success into the postseason lately.

They’ve exited in the opening round of the playoffs each of the last two seasons and want to make the most of their narrowing championship window as their nucleus gets older.

“No question, I think we can do it,” Bucks center Brook Lopez said. “Our guys are definitely hungry.”

While the Bucks want to put their recent playoff misfortunes behind them, the Cleveland Cavaliers are eager to pick up where they left off last year.

Cleveland went 48-34 last year to finish a game behind Milwaukee and got beyond the opening round of the playoffs for the first time since making the last of four straight Finals appearances in 2018.

The Cavaliers followed that up by signing All-Star guard Donovan Mitchell to a three-year, $150.3 million contract extension.

“We believe in our group,” Mitchell said. “I believe in us. That’s why I re-signed here. I think for us, now it’s on us to go out there and execute.”

A look at each team in the Central Division in predicted order of finish.

Who will win the Atlantic Division? Knicks and 76ers load up for a run at the NBA champion Celtics.
Who will win the Northwest Division? A battle between elite teams in the Thunder, Nuggets and Timberwolves.
Who will win the Pacific Division? It all could come down to which veterans stay healthy.
Who will win the Southeast Division? Magic and Heat look like the teams to catch this season
Who will win the Southwest Division? It goes through the Mavericks, who added Klay Thompson.
Milwaukee Bucks

The Bucks believe they should be better off from having some time to work together after going through so much upheaval last year, from acquiring Damian Lillard just before training camp to firing Adrian Griffin and hiring Doc Rivers as coach at midseason.

This remains a formidable team when everyone’s healthy, but that hasn’t been the case very often lately. Counting the playoffs, the Bucks had Antetokounmpo, Khris Middleton and Lillard all available for only five of their final 39 games last season.

Antetokounmpo has missed all or part of the Bucks’ last two playoff series due to injuries, so keeping the two-time MVP healthy is paramount. The Bucks are hoping the offseason additions of veteran free agents Gary Trent Jr., Delon Wright and Taurean Prince can boost the depth of their top-heavy roster.

Cleveland Cavaliers

Turns out, Mitchell really does like it in Cleveland.

The All-Star guard’s decision to sign a long-term contract extension this summer should keep the Cavs among the Eastern Conference’s elite for the next few seasons.

If forward Evan Mobley further develops his offensive game, the Cavs will be a problem and an NBA title contender. The pressure is on new coach Kenny Atkinson, who spent the past three seasons on Steve Kerr’s staff in Golden State. He takes over for J.B. Bickerstaff, who guided the club through a massive rebuild that began when LeBron James left six years ago for the Lakers.

Indiana Pacers

The Pacers figured things went so well with last season’s surprising run to the Eastern Conference finals, they brought back their entire starting five and all but two players from the bench.

Haliburton, the reigning league champion in assists, will again anchor one an offense that flirted with breaking the NBA’s all-time scoring record. He’ll be paired with Pascal Siakam, who managed to spend a whole offseason working out with his Pacers teammates after arriving in a January trade that might have sparked their postseason success.

Chicago Bulls

The Bulls come into the season with a different look and major question marks. The biggest question involves Zach LaVine and his future.

The Bulls broke up their core after missing the playoffs for the second year in a row and sixth time in seven seasons. Six-time All-Star DeMar DeRozan wound up in Sacramento through a three-team, sign-and-trade. Alex Caruso got dealt to Oklahoma City for Josh Giddey in a swap of guards.

But LaVine remains a Bull, at least for now.

The two-time All-Star had season-ending foot surgery in February and is in the middle of a five-year, $215.16 million contract extension he signed after 2021-22 season.

Detroit Pistons

The Pistons are desperately hoping to take steps toward relevance after a disappointing season in which they tied an NBA record by losing 28 straight games within a single season.

Detroit revamped its leadership group for the latest rebuilding effort, hiring Trajan Langdon as president of basketball operations and Bickerstaff as coach to replace the fired Troy Weaver and Monty Williams.

Cade Cunningham, the No. 1 pick overall in 2021, signed a $224 million, five-year contract extension to stay with a team that added some veterans in the offseason to join Jalen Duren and Jaden Ivey. The Pistons signed Tobias Harris and Malik Beasley, acquired Tim Hardaway Jr. from Dallas in a trade and selected Ron Holland of the G League Ignite with the No. 5 pick in the NBA draft.

AP Sports Writers Larry Lage, Michael Marot, Andrew Seligman and Tom Withers contributed to this report

Around the Web
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
North Charleston: Fresh-built 2 Bed Senior Apartments - Take a Look Inside!
Senior Living
She is Married to The Most Handsome Man on Earth
rankupwards
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
The Purple Press
The Most Horrible Tourist Traps in America, Ranked in Order
StandardNews
10% Free Silver on Us: See How Gold May Help to Secure Your Wealth
GoldCo
8 Companies to Ask for Money When You Can’t Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Pocket Extra Money Without Getting a Second Job
The Penny Hoarder
Here Are 8 Money Hacks, if You Have More Than $1k
The Penny Hoarder
Effortless Cleaning With Irobot - Get Yours Now
iRobot
Struggling to Stay Hydrated? This Might Be The Answer
Liquid I.V.
Historic Figures Who Lived Long Enough to Be Photographed
SpilledDaily
Diabetes is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of Diabetes
Health-Review24
Taylor, 34, Drives Probably The Most Expensive Car In The World
Rank Upwards
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Truth May Surprise You! (Learn More)
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
20 Dog Breeds That Will Guard You With Their Life, Ranked in Order
HealthSymptoms
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
25 Foods Diabetics Should Avoid, No. 2 Might Surprise You
Definition
Fast & Affordable Oil Change Services in North Charleston!
Oil Change
If You Have Any of These 40 Items, Then You Can Retire
Definition
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
This Mixture "Burns" Nail Fungus After The First Use
Xitox
35 Foods We Should Never Refrigerate
SpilledDaily
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Rich
Definition
If Your Dog Follows You Everywhere, Here's What It Means
articlestone
Dog Kept on Growling at the Wall Until Dad Notices the Smell and Tears It Down
beachraider
Neuropathy is Not From Low Vitamin B (Meet the Real Enemy)
Wellness Gaze Nuero
Pregnant Waitress Charges Cop $9 for Lunch, Moments Later Runs to Manager
gloriousa
Surgeon: if Your Hair is Thinning, Do This Immediately
WG Hair Restore
Everyone Laughed At Him When He Married Her, Look At Her Now
Medical Matters
Park Ranger Evacuates the South Carolina Forest When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
Weird New "Oral Flush" Naturally Restores Teeth & Gums
Provadent
The Truth About Costco's Kirkland Meat
learnitwise
Dangerous Signs That You Have Psoriatic Arthritis (Take a Peek!)
Psoriatic Arthritis Treatment
The Least Educated State in The Us is Rather Clear Now. Here's The Embarrassi
SpilledDaily
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
If You Eat 2 Bananas Everyday, This is What Happens
HEALTH NATURAL
Arthritis or Joint Pain? Do This Immediately (Watch Results in 4 Days)
WellnessGaze Joint Pain
This 7-second Ritual Reveal How to Restore Perfect Vision Without Anything
WellnessGaze Vision
North Charleston: Three Banks Introduce 12% Interest Rates on Savings
Savings Accounts I Search Ads
The Complete List of Senior Discounts for 2024
The Consumer Guide
Most Popular

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
Dr. Ngozi Ezike, face of Gov. JB Pritzker’s pandemic response, fined $150,000 for ethics violation
Editorial: It’s the kids who can’t read, not the teachers
Ahead of CTA fiscal cliff, Mayor Brandon Johnson warns Springfield not to hold Chicago hostage for ‘political gain’
Elgin to pay $2.5 million to get rid of tent city along the Fox River
Paul Vallas: What Illinois’ population exodus tells us about the state and Chicago
Edward Hospital’s fitness center in Naperville remains unused nearly two years after closure
Anita Bryant, a popular singer who became known for opposition to gay rights, dies at 84
Proposed location for Waukegan Chick-fil-A in dispute; ‘The idea of putting one (there) … boggles the mind’
Illinois teen faces probation in Griffith rape case
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN NBA
Zach LaVine’s streak of 30-point games hits a career-high 5 — plus 4 other takeaways from the Chicago Bulls’ rout
Photos: Chicago Bulls 138, Washington Wizards 105
Northwestern women back out of trip to face No. 1 UCLA and No. 4 USC because of deadly wildfires in the area
Dream Team? The exec who bought Michael Jordan’s former Highland Park mansion is offering co-ownership shares for $1M.
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
2024
October
19
TRIBUNE PUBLISHING
New York Daily News
The Morning Call
Daily Press
The Virginian-Pilot
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
Hartford Courant
Studio 1847
COMPANY INFO
About Us
Careers
Help Center
Media Kit
Privacy Policy
Chicago Tribune Store
Site Map
Archives
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Subscriber Terms and Conditions
Terms of Service
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
CA Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information

Copyright © 2025 Chicago Tribune

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chicagotribune.com/2024/10/19/nba-central-division-predictions/ 
 ----- 
