Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Breaking News
OHIO STATE PUNCHES ITS TICKET TO CFP CHAMPIONSHIP
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Akron Beacon Journal
Cavaliers injury news | Cavs starter Max Strus to miss at least 6 weeks with sprained ankle
Nate Ulrich, Akron Beacon Journal
Sat, Oct 19, 2024·1 min read

Cavaliers starting small forward Max Strus will miss at least six weeks with a sprained right ankle, the team announced Saturday.

The Cavs will open the regular season Wednesday at Toronto. New Cavs coach Kenny Atkinson will likely start Dean Wade in place of Strus, something the team has done during the preseason.

Strus suffered the ankle injury Oct. 17 during individual workouts, the Cavs stated. He also suffered a right hip contusion Oct. 8 in the preseason opener versus the Chicago Bulls.

Magic forward Franz Wagner drives the ball past Cavaliers guard Max Strus in the first quarter of Game 3 of their first-round NBA playoff series, April 27, 2024, in Orlando.

Here is the complete status update on Strus from the Cavs:

"Max Strus sustained a right ankle sprain during individual workouts on Thursday, October 17. An X-Ray and MRI confirmed the severity of the sprain. Strus will be reassessed after six (6) weeks of treatment and rehabilitation, and his status and return to basketball activities will be updated as appropriate. Strus missed two preseason games (vs Indiana & at Detroit) with a right hip contusion before the ankle injury that kept him out of the preseason finale in Chicago."

Nate Ulrich can be reached at nulrich@thebeaconjournal.com. On Twitter: @ByNateUlrich.

Cavaliers guard Max Strus reacts after receiving a technical foul in the first quarter of Game 3 of their first-round NBA playoff series vs. the Magic, April 27, 2024, in Orlando.

This article originally appeared on Akron Beacon Journal: Max Strus out for Cavs at least 6 weeks with sprained ankle

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Cavs prove they are legit title contenders & imagining a Wemby-Zion pairing in San Antonio | Kevin O'Connor Show

On this episode of the Kevin O'Connor Show, Tom Haberstroh hops on to discuss the instant classic between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Oklahoma City Thunder and of course the latest trade rumors as we inch closer to the deadline. Also, Zion Williamson's return, Bradley Beal and Jimmy Butler trade rumors, Golden State frustrations and more.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers beat Thunder in clash of NBA's top teams

The NBA's best offense beat the NBA's best defense, in a game with 30 lead changes and no double-digit leads.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Believe it or not: The Cavaliers are one of the most dominant teams we've ever seen

Can Cleveland win it all this year?

7d ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers lose starting forward Isaac Okoro for at least 2 weeks with sprained right shoulder

Okoro is Cleveland's defensive stopper and a 49% 3-point shooter this season.

22d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

7m ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

27m ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Lakers' and Clippers' Saturday games postponed due to Los Angeles wildfires

Both Los Angeles teams have home games scheduled for Monday as well.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Pelicans' Herb Jones out indefinitely with torn labrum in his shoulder

It's been a hard season for the New Orleans Pelicans and it's about to get harder.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

6h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders clean house, NFL Wild Card Weekend preview & who could knock the Chiefs out? | Inside Coverage

Jason Fitz, Charles Robinson, and Frank Schwab talk about the Raiders cleaning house, the Rams-Vikings game being moved, preview other Wild Card Weekend matchups and discuss who might be able to knock out the Chiefs.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
NASCAR guarantees Helio Castroneves a spot in Daytona 500 through a new provisional

Starting in 2025, star drivers who haven't competed in NASCAR are eligible to automatically qualify for a Cup Series race.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

11h ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

12h ago
Yahoo Sports
Fact of Fiction: Zion Williamson should have a trade market

The Pelicans star's impact has been more theoretical than actual. Is there anywhere but New Orleans that still wants to test that theory?

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Penn State edge rusher Abdul Carter declares for NFL Draft after Orange Bowl loss to Notre Dame

Carter finished the season with 12 sacks and should be a top-10 pick.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/cavaliers-injury-news-cavs-starter-212157787.html 
 ----- 
