MENU

via Sports Logos.net

About logos

2024-25 NBA Transactions
2023-24 Transactions

PPG Leader: Nikola Jokić (31.5)

RPG Leader: Karl-Anthony Towns (14.0)

APG Leader: Trae Young (12.1)

WS Leader: Shai Gilgeous-Alexander (7.7)

Become a Stathead & surf this site ad-free.
2024-25 NBA Season
More 2024-25 NBA Pages
Standings
Schedule and Results
Leaders
Coaches

Player Stats

Per Game Totals Per 36 Minutes Per 100 Possessions Adjusted Shooting Advanced Play-by-Play Shooting

Other

Rookies Team Ratings Uniform Numbers Transactions Standings by Date Projected Draft Order Preseason Odds
Lakers coach JJ Redick confirms his family's home was lost in the Pacific Palisades fire

Transactions listed are from July 1, 2024 to June 30, 2025.
Current season transactions are updated regularly, but not daily.


Transactions 
January 6, 2025

The Detroit Pistons signed Tolu Smith to a two-way contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Ron Harper to a two-way contract.

The Detroit Pistons waived Alondes Williams.

The Detroit Pistons waived Cole Swider.

January 3, 2025

The Minnesota Timberwolves claimed Tristan Newton on waivers from the Indiana Pacers.

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Daishen Nix.

The Indiana Pacers signed RayJ Dennis to a two-way contract.

January 1, 2025

The Indiana Pacers waived Tristan Newton.

The Utah Jazz waived David Jones.

The Utah Jazz signed EJ Harkless to a two-way contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Tosan Evbuomwan to a two-way contract.

The Brooklyn Nets waived Jaylen Martin.

December 29, 2024

The Brooklyn Nets traded Dorian Finney-Smith and Shake Milton to the Los Angeles Lakers for Maxwell Lewis, D'Angelo Russell, a 2027 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2030 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2031 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected). Los Angeles also received trade exceptions Brooklyn also received a trade exception 2027 2nd-rd pick is LAL own 2030 2nd-rd pick is LAL own 2031 2nd-rd pick is LAL own

December 28, 2024

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived P.J. Dozier.

December 27, 2024

The Atlanta Hawks signed Daeqwon Plowden to a two-way contract.

The Chicago Bulls waived D.J. Steward.

The Chicago Bulls signed Emanuel Miller to a two-way contract.

December 26, 2024

The Miami Heat signed Isaiah Stevens to a two-way contract.

The Miami Heat converted Keshad Johnson from a two-way contract to a regular contract.

December 24, 2024

The New York Knicks signed Matt Ryan to a two-way contract.

The New York Knicks waived Boo Buie.

December 23, 2024

The New York Knicks signed Landry Shamet.

December 22, 2024

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Alex Caruso to a contract extension.

The New York Knicks waived Matt Ryan.

December 18, 2024

The Atlanta Hawks waived Seth Lundy.

December 16, 2024

The Detroit Pistons waived Javante McCoy.

The Detroit Pistons signed Paul Reed.

December 15, 2024

The Detroit Pistons signed Javante McCoy.

The Brooklyn Nets traded Dennis Schroder and a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Golden State Warriors for Reece Beekman, De'Anthony Melton, a 2026 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2028 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2029 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected). conditional 2025 2nd-rd pick is MIA own Brooklyn also received a trade exception 2026 2nd-rd pick is ATL own 2028 2nd-rd pick is ATL own 2029 2nd-rd pick is GSW own

The Brooklyn Nets waived Yongxi Cui.

The Indiana Pacers traded a 2031 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Miami Heat for Thomas Bryant. 2031 2nd-rd pick is a right to swap and Miami received a trade exception

The Detroit Pistons waived Paul Reed.

December 11, 2024

The Toronto Raptors signed A.J. Lawson to a two-way contract.

December 10, 2024

The Toronto Raptors waived D.J. Carton.

December 9, 2024

The Indiana Pacers waived Moses Brown.

December 3, 2024

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Pete Nance to a two-way contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers waived Lester Quinones.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Elfrid Payton.

December 2, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets signed Isaiah Wong to a two-way contract.

November 30, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets waived Jared Rhoden.

November 27, 2024

The Sacramento Kings signed Jae Crowder.

November 22, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed David Jones to a two-way contract.

The Utah Jazz waived Jason Preston.

November 20, 2024

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Elfrid Payton.

The Indiana Pacers signed Moses Brown.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Jaylen Nowell.

November 16, 2024

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Malevy Leons.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Branden Carlson.

November 5, 2024

Joel Embiid was suspended by the league. (3-game suspension)

The New York Knicks signed Boo Buie to a two-way contract.

The New York Knicks signed Matt Ryan.

The New York Knicks converted Ariel Hukporti from a two-way contract to a regular contract.

Joel Embiid was suspended by the league. (3-game suspension)

November 3, 2024

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Jaylen Nowell.

October 31, 2024

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Malevy Leons.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Alex Reese.

October 30, 2024

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Colin Castleton to a two-way contract.

October 28, 2024

The Memphis Grizzlies converted James Huff from a two-way contract to a regular contract.

October 24, 2024

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Rudy Gobert to a contract extension.

October 22, 2024

The Dallas Mavericks signed Jaden Hardy to a contract extension.

The Detroit Pistons signed Alondes Williams to a two-way contract.

October 21, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets claimed Jared Rhoden on waivers from the Toronto Raptors.

The Washington Wizards waived RayJ Dennis.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Malcolm Hill.

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Keita Bates-Diop.

The Detroit Pistons signed Cole Swider to a two-way contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans claimed B.J. Boston on waivers from the San Antonio Spurs.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed B.J. Boston to a two-way contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Jared Rhoden to a two-way contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Aaron Gordon to a contract extension.

The Washington Wizards signed Jared Butler to a two-way contract.

The Houston Rockets signed Alperen Sengun to a contract extension.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Jalen Johnson to a contract extension.

The Washington Wizards signed Corey Kispert to a contract extension.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Trey Murphy III to a contract extension.

The Orlando Magic signed Jalen Suggs to a contract extension.

The Golden State Warriors signed Moses Moody to a contract extension.

The Houston Rockets signed Jalen Green to a contract extension.

October 19, 2024

The Toronto Raptors waived Jared Rhoden.

The Washington Wizards signed RayJ Dennis to a two-way contract.

The San Antonio Spurs waived B.J. Boston.

The Washington Wizards waived Jared Butler.

The Toronto Raptors waived Jahmi'us Ramsey.

The Toronto Raptors signed Kevin Obanor to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Toronto Raptors waived Kevin Obanor.

The San Antonio Spurs waived Malachi Flynn.

The San Antonio Spurs waived Jamaree Bouyea.

The Sacramento Kings waived Shareef O'Neal.

The Phoenix Suns waived Frank Kaminsky.

The Orlando Magic waived Ethan Thompson.

The Orlando Magic waived Jalen Slawson.

The Orlando Magic waived Alex Morales.

The Orlando Magic waived Jarrett Culver.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Malevy Leons.

The New York Knicks waived T.J. Warren.

The New York Knicks waived Landry Shamet.

The New York Knicks waived Chuma Okeke.

The Milwaukee Bucks waived Jalen Lewis.

The Miami Heat waived Warren Washington.

The Miami Heat waived Isaiah Stevens.

The Miami Heat waived Zyon Pullin.

The Miami Heat waived Nassir Little.

The Memphis Grizzlies waived Maozinha Pereira.

The Memphis Grizzlies waived Miye Oni.

The Memphis Grizzlies waived Miles Norris.

The Memphis Grizzlies waived Armando Bacot.

The Los Angeles Lakers waived Grayson Murphy.

The Los Angeles Clippers waived Alondes Williams.

The Los Angeles Clippers waived Braxton Key.

The Los Angeles Clippers waived EJ Harkless.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Tosan Evbuomwan to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers waived Tosan Evbuomwan.

The Houston Rockets waived Jermaine Samuels.

The Houston Rockets waived Nate Hinton.

The Houston Rockets waived Matt Bradley.

The Golden State Warriors waived Kevin Knox.

The Golden State Warriors waived Jackson Rowe.

The Golden State Warriors waived Blake Hinson.

The Dallas Mavericks waived Jarod Lucas.

The Dallas Mavericks waived Jamir Chaplin.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Pete Nance.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Jules Bernard.

The Brooklyn Nets waived Killian Hayes.

The Brooklyn Nets waived Amari Bailey.

The Boston Celtics waived Lonnie Walker.

The Boston Celtics waived Jordan Schakel.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Alex Reese.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Kai Jones to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Quincy Olivari to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers waived Colin Castleton.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Liam Robbins to a two-way contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks waived Anžejs Pasečņiks.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Yuki Kawamura to a two-way contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Mac McClung to a two-way contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Jamison Battle to a two-way contract.

The Toronto Raptors waived Branden Carlson.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Riley Minix to a two-way contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Tyrese Martin to a two-way contract.

October 18, 2024

The Sacramento Kings waived Boogie Ellis.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Cormac Ryan.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Buddy Boeheim.

The Dallas Mavericks waived Jamarion Sharp.

The Dallas Mavericks waived Emanuel Miller.

The Dallas Mavericks waived A.J. Lawson.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Keyontae Johnson.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Harry Giles.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Charlie Brown Jr..

The Atlanta Hawks waived Daeqwon Plowden.

The Atlanta Hawks waived Kevon Harris.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Jamaree Bouyea to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Shareef O'Neal to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Jalen Lewis to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Grayson Murphy to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Houston Rockets signed Matt Bradley to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Jarod Lucas to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Jamir Chaplin to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Jordan Schakel to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Washington Wizards waived Mouhamadou Gueye.

The Washington Wizards waived Taylor Funk.

The Washington Wizards waived John Butler.

The Sacramento Kings signed Drew Timme to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings waived Drew Timme.

The Sacramento Kings waived Skal Labissiere.

The Sacramento Kings signed Antoine Davis to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings waived Antoine Davis.

The Chicago Bulls signed E.J. Liddell to a two-way contract.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Jazian Gortman to a two-way contract.

The Sacramento Kings waived Brodric Thomas.

The Portland Trail Blazers waived Nick Muszynski.

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Eugene Omoruyi.

The Los Angeles Lakers waived Kylor Kelley.

The Indiana Pacers waived Cole Swider.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Elijah Hughes.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Darius Brown II.

The Los Angeles Lakers waived Jordan Goodwin.

The Sacramento Kings waived Terry Taylor.

October 17, 2024

The Portland Trail Blazers waived Devonte' Graham.

The Phoenix Suns waived Paul Watson.

The Milwaukee Bucks waived Justise Winslow.

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Henry Ellenson.

The Detroit Pistons waived Lamar Stevens.

The Detroit Pistons waived Tolu Smith.

The Detroit Pistons waived Dereon Seabron.

The Detroit Pistons waived Javante McCoy.

The Detroit Pistons waived Aaron Estrada.

The Chicago Bulls waived Kenny Lofton Jr..

The Chicago Bulls waived Onuralp Bitim.

The Boston Celtics waived Hason Ward.

The Boston Celtics waived Jay Scrubb.

The Boston Celtics waived Ron Harper.

The Portland Trail Blazers signed Nick Muszynski to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 16, 2024

The Philadelphia 76ers waived Jordan Tucker.

The Philadelphia 76ers waived Isaiah Mobley.

The Philadelphia 76ers waived Judah Mintz.

The Philadelphia 76ers waived Max Fiedler.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Miles Norris to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed David Johnson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies waived David Johnson.

The Phoenix Suns signed Paul Watson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Alex Morales to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Buddy Boeheim to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons waived Tosan Evbuomwan.

The San Antonio Spurs waived Jalen McDaniels.

The Milwaukee Bucks waived James Akinjo.

The Denver Nuggets waived Charles Bediako.

The Denver Nuggets waived Will Richardson.

The Denver Nuggets waived Andrew Funk.

The Brooklyn Nets waived K.J. Jones II.

The Boston Celtics waived Dmytro Skapintsev.

The Utah Jazz waived Justin Lewis.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Elfrid Payton.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Josh Oduro.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Trhae Mitchell.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Keion Brooks.

The Portland Trail Blazers waived James Bouknight.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Alex Reese.

The Orlando Magic waived Robert Baker Jr..

The Atlanta Hawks waived Jarkel Joiner.

The Memphis Grizzlies converted Scotty Pippen Jr. from a two-way contract to a regular contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Henry Ellenson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Justise Winslow to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Hason Ward to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Doug McDermott to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Elijah Hughes to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 15, 2024

The Sacramento Kings traded cash, Jalen McDaniels and a 2031 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the San Antonio Spurs for a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected). 2031 2nd-rd pick is SAC own 2025 2nd-rd pick is CHI own

The San Antonio Spurs waived Isaiah Miller.

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Skylar Mays.

The Milwaukee Bucks waived Terence Davis.

The Indiana Pacers signed Jahlil Okafor to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers waived Jahlil Okafor.

The Indiana Pacers waived Kendall Brown.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Zhaire Smith.

The Portland Trail Blazers signed James Bouknight to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed K.J. Jones II to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Jarkel Joiner to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 14, 2024

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Darius Brown II to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Phoenix Suns waived Moses Wood.

The Phoenix Suns waived Mamadi Diakite.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Chase Jeter.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Trhae Mitchell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Jalen Crutcher.

The Houston Rockets waived Markquis Nowell.

The Houston Rockets waived Thon Maker.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Jacob Gilyard.

October 13, 2024

The Washington Wizards signed Mouhamadou Gueye to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Washington Wizards waived Erik Stevenson.

The Washington Wizards signed Taylor Funk to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Washington Wizards signed John Butler to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Justin Lewis to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The San Antonio Spurs waived Nate Mensah.

The Brooklyn Nets waived Mark Armstrong.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Isaiah Miller to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 12, 2024

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Braxton Key to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Washington Wizards waived Kira Lewis Jr..

The Washington Wizards waived Leaky Black.

The Los Angeles Clippers waived Nate Darling.

The Chicago Bulls waived Javon Freeman-Liberty.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Chase Jeter to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Javonte Cooke.

The Orlando Magic signed Robert Baker Jr. to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic waived Javonte Smart.

October 11, 2024

The Chicago Bulls signed Javon Freeman-Liberty to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Javonte Cooke to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder waived Miller Kopp.

October 10, 2024

Danny Green announced retirement.

The Miami Heat signed Warren Washington to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Miami Heat waived Caleb Daniels.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Matt Ryan.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Adonis Arms.

The Dallas Mavericks signed A.J. Lawson to a two-way contract.

The Washington Wizards signed Erik Stevenson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New York Knicks waived Moses Brown.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Josh Oduro to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Elfrid Payton to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 9, 2024

The New York Knicks signed Moses Brown to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed EJ Harkless.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Mark Armstrong to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers waived RayJ Dennis.

The New York Knicks waived Alex O'Connell.

The New York Knicks waived Damion Baugh.

The New York Knicks waived Boo Buie.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Duane Washington Jr..

The Washington Wizards waived Jaylen Nowell.

October 8, 2024

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Miller Kopp to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Will Richardson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Andrew Funk to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Charles Bediako to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Jay Scrubb to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Utah Jazz waived Isaiah Wong.

The Utah Jazz waived Taevion Kinsey.

The Utah Jazz waived Max Abmas.

The Dallas Mavericks waived A.J. Lawson.

The Boston Celtics waived Tristan Enaruna.

The Atlanta Hawks waived Tony Bradley.

October 7, 2024

The Orlando Magic signed Wendell Carter Jr. to a contract extension.

The New York Knicks signed Boo Buie to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Denver Nuggets waived Jahmir Young.

The Denver Nuggets waived Jaylin Williams.

The Denver Nuggets waived Gabe McGlothan.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Tony Bradley to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Aaron Estrada to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 6, 2024

The Chicago Bulls signed Ben Coupet to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Chicago Bulls waived Ben Coupet Jr..

October 3, 2024

The Chicago Bulls signed Joshua Primo to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Chicago Bulls waived Joshua Primo.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Terence Davis to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New York Knicks signed T.J. Warren to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 2, 2024

The New York Knicks signed Duane Washington Jr..

The New York Knicks signed Charlie Brown Jr..

The New York Knicks signed DaQuan Jeffries.

In a 3-team trade, the Charlotte Hornets traded James Nnaji to the New York Knicks; the Minnesota Timberwolves traded a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Charlotte Hornets; the Minnesota Timberwolves traded Karl-Anthony Towns to the New York Knicks; the New York Knicks traded cash, Charlie Brown Jr., DaQuan Jeffries, Duane Washington Jr., a 2026 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2031 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Charlotte Hornets; and the New York Knicks traded Keita Bates-Diop, Donte DiVincenzo, Julius Randle and a 2025 1st round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Minnesota Timberwolves. Minnesota also received a trade exception (conditional 1st-rd pick is DET own) 2025 2nd-rd pick is least favorable 2026 2nd-rd pick is GSW own 2031 2nd-rd pick is NYK own

The Chicago Bulls waived Marcus Domask.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Caleb McConnell.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Marcus Garrett.

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Jaedon LeDee.

The New York Knicks signed Damion Baugh to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New York Knicks signed Chuma Okeke to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New York Knicks signed Alex O'Connell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

October 1, 2024

The Portland Trail Blazers signed David Muoka to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Portland Trail Blazers waived David Muoka.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Adonis Arms to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Houston Rockets signed Markquis Nowell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Houston Rockets signed Thon Maker to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Terance Mann to a contract extension.

September 30, 2024

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Jordan Tucker to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Isaiah Mobley to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Phoenix Suns waived David Stockton.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Jose Alvarado to a contract extension.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Izaiah Brockington.

September 29, 2024

The Indiana Pacers waived Josiah James.

The Sacramento Kings signed Brodric Thomas to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Washington Wizards signed Jaylen Nowell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Washington Wizards signed Kira Lewis Jr. to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Washington Wizards signed Leaky Black to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 28, 2024

The San Antonio Spurs signed Nathan Mensah to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New York Knicks waived Chuma Okeke.

The New York Knicks waived Marcus Morris.

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Chasson Randle.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Jaylen Sims.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Alondes Williams to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 27, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed Josiah James to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Chasson Randle to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Jaylen Sims to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Alex Reese to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Malevy Leons to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Cormac Ryan to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed David Stockton to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Daeqwon Plowden to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Isaiah Wong to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Taevion Kinsey to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers signed Keisei Tominaga to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers waived Keisei Tominaga.

The Indiana Pacers signed Tyler Polley to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers waived Tyler Polley.

The San Antonio Spurs waived Jameer Nelson Jr..

The Portland Trail Blazers waived Henri Drell.

The Atlanta Hawks waived Joirdon Karl Nicholas.

The Atlanta Hawks waived Jordan Bowden.

September 26, 2024

The Minnesota Timberwolves waived Trevor Keels.

The Phoenix Suns signed Frank Kaminsky to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Mamadi Diakite to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Phoenix Suns waived Jaden Shackelford.

The Phoenix Suns waived Tyrese Samuel.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Joirdon Karl Nicholas to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Utah Jazz waived Babacar Sane.

The Toronto Raptors signed Jahmi'us Ramsey to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Lester Quinones to a two-way contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers waived David Jones.

The Miami Heat signed Caleb Daniels to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed Quinten Post to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers waived E.J. Harkless.

The Sacramento Kings signed Skal Labissiere to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 25, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets signed Harry Giles.

The Utah Jazz waived Dane Goodwin.

The Toronto Raptors signed Kennedy Chandler to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Toronto Raptors waived Kennedy Chandler.

The Sacramento Kings signed Justin Powell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings waived Justin Powell.

The Sacramento Kings signed Dexter Dennis to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings waived Dexter Dennis.

The Milwaukee Bucks waived Philip Alston.

The Charlotte Hornets waived RaeQuan Battle.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Jalen Crutcher to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Trevor Keels to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Jordan Bowden to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed Kevin Knox.

The Detroit Pistons signed Lamar Stevens.

September 24, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets signed RaeQuan Battle to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Miami Heat signed Nassir Little.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Zhaire Smith to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Jacob Gilyard to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Quincy Guerrier to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Toronto Raptors waived Quincy Guerrier.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Galen Robinson Jr. to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Galen Robinson Jr..

The Golden State Warriors waived Daeqwon Plowden.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Nae'qwan Tomlin to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Nae'qwan Tomlin.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Gabe Osabuohien to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers waived Gabe Osabuohien.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Joel Soriano.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Keion Brooks to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Izaiah Brockington to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Jules Bernard.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Jameer Nelson Jr. to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 23, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed Dane Goodwin to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Terry Taylor to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Moses Wood to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Tyrese Samuel to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed Blake Hinson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Dylan Disu to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Toronto Raptors waived Dylan Disu.

The Memphis Grizzlies waived Derrick Rose.

The Atlanta Hawks waived Joey Hauser.

September 21, 2024

The Brooklyn Nets signed Patrick Gardner to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Brooklyn Nets waived Patrick Gardner.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Amari Bailey to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Golden State Warriors waived Donta Scott.

September 20, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed Keshawn Justice to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Nate Darling to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Tyrese Martin to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Killian Hayes to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Golden State Warriors waived Javan Johnson.

The Golden State Warriors waived Yuri Collins.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Yongxi Cui to a two-way contract.

The Utah Jazz waived Keshawn Justice.

The Houston Rockets waived A.J. Griffin.

September 19, 2024

The Phoenix Suns signed Jaden Shackelford to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Mac McClung to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Ethan Thompson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Javonte Smart to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic waived Tre Scott.

The Orlando Magic waived Myron Gardner.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Joey Hauser to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Joel Embiid to a contract extension.

September 18, 2024

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Jaedon LeDee to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Javante McCoy to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons waived Devon Higgs.

The Detroit Pistons waived Sam Peek.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Kevon Harris to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 17, 2024

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Isaac Okoro to a multi-year contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Philip Alston to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed Donta Scott to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed Javan Johnson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Dmytro Skapintsev to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Devon Higgs to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Sam Peek to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Tolu Smith to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Dereon Seabron to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 16, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed Max Abmas to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Boogie Ellis to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Eugene Omoruyi to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Skylar Mays to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Christian Koloko to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers waived Blake Hinson.

September 15, 2024

The San Antonio Spurs waived Jamaree Bouyea.

The New York Knicks signed Marcus Morris.

September 14, 2024

The New York Knicks signed Landry Shamet.

The Golden State Warriors signed Yuri Collins to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 13, 2024

The Boston Celtics waived Jordan Schakel.

The Portland Trail Blazers signed Taze Moore to a two-way contract.

September 12, 2024

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Ibou Badji to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks waived Ibou Badji.

The Miami Heat waived Malik Williams.

The Miami Heat waived Bryson Warren.

September 11, 2024

The Miami Heat signed Bryson Warren to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Miami Heat signed Malik Williams to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Jamal Murray to a contract extension.

The Boston Celtics signed Jordan Schakel to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Tre Scott to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Jalen Slawson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Jarrett Culver to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Myron Gardner to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Brooklyn Nets waived Tyson Etienne.

September 10, 2024

The Brooklyn Nets signed Tyson Etienne to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Joel Soriano to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Caleb McConnell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Marcus Garrett to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 9, 2024

The Dallas Mavericks signed Markieff Morris.

September 8, 2024

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed JT Thor to a two-way contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Tristan Thompson.

September 7, 2024

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Jordan Goodwin to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Chicago Bulls signed E.J. Liddell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 6, 2024

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Maozinha Pereira to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Miye Oni to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Yuki Kawamura to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Armando Bacot to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed RayJ Dennis to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers waived Alex Fudge.

September 5, 2024

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Alex Fudge to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers waived Vincent Valerio-Bodon.

The Utah Jazz signed Patty Mills.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed EJ Harkless to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Keyontae Johnson to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 4, 2024

The Philadelphia 76ers waived Jared Brownridge.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Vincent Valerio-Bodon to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Chicago Bulls signed Talen Horton-Tucker to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 3, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed T.J. McConnell to a contract extension.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Ivica Zubac to a contract extension.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Jared Brownridge to an Exhibit 10 contract.

September 1, 2024

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Judah Mintz to an Exhibit 10 contract.

August 30, 2024

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Max Fiedler to an Exhibit 10 contract.

August 29, 2024

The Boston Celtics signed Lonnie Walker to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers waived Dakota Mathias.

The Golden State Warriors signed Steph Curry to a contract extension.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Guerschon Yabusele.

August 28, 2024

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Luke Travers to a two-way contract.

August 27, 2024

The Memphis Grizzlies waived Mamadi Diakite.

The Phoenix Suns waived E.J. Liddell.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed James Akinjo to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Liam Robbins to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Matt Ryan.

The Phoenix Suns waived Nassir Little.

August 26, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed Dakota Mathias to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers waived Cameron McGriff.

The Indiana Pacers waived Kyle Mangas.

August 23, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed Cameron McGriff to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers signed Kyle Mangas to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans waived Matt Ryan.

August 22, 2024

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Javonte Green.

August 21, 2024

The Washington Wizards waived Eugene Omoruyi.

August 20, 2024

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Emoni Bates to a two-way contract.

August 19, 2024

The Toronto Raptors signed Jared Rhoden to an Exhibit 10 contract.

August 16, 2024

The Chicago Bulls signed Kenny Lofton Jr. to an Exhibit 10 contract.

August 15, 2024

Joe Harris announced retirement.

August 14, 2024

The New York Knicks signed Jacob Toppin to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Kylor Kelley to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Quincy Olivari to an Exhibit 10 contract.

August 13, 2024

The Portland Trail Blazers signed Henri Drell to an Exhibit 10 contract.

August 12, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed Kyle Filipowski to a multi-year contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Johnny Juzang to a multi-year contract.

The Utah Jazz waived Taevion Kinsey.

The Utah Jazz signed Oscar Tshiebwe to a two-way contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Babacar Sane to an Exhibit 10 contract.

August 10, 2024

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Anžejs Pasečņiks to a two-way contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Drew Eubanks to a multi-year contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Sviatoslav Mykhailiuk to a multi-year contract.

August 8, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed Enrique Freeman to a two-way contract.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Malachi Flynn to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Brandon Boston Jr. to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Indiana Pacers signed Cole Swider.

August 7, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed Lauri Markkanen to a contract extension.

The Sacramento Kings signed Orlando Robinson.

The Dallas Mavericks waived Alex Fudge.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Kessler Edwards to a two-way contract.

August 6, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed Micah Potter to a two-way contract.

August 5, 2024

The Miami Heat signed Zyon Pullin to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The New York Knicks signed Kevin McCullar Jr. to a two-way contract.

August 3, 2024

The Dallas Mavericks signed Jamarion Sharp to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Spencer Dinwiddie.

August 2, 2024

The Phoenix Suns signed TyTy Washington Jr. to a two-way contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Anton Watson to a two-way contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Jarrett Allen to a contract extension.

The Toronto Raptors signed Bruno Fernando.

August 1, 2024

The Milwaukee Bucks waived Jaylin Galloway.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Leaky Black.

The New York Knicks signed Chuma Okeke to an Exhibit 10 contract.

July 31, 2024

The Portland Trail Blazers signed Devonte' Graham to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Moussa Diabate to a two-way contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Luke Kennard.

July 30, 2024

The New York Knicks signed Precious Achiuwa.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Dominick Barlow to a two-way contract.

The Atlanta Hawks waived Bruno Fernando.

The Denver Nuggets signed Spencer Jones to a two-way contract.

July 29, 2024

The San Antonio Spurs signed Harrison Ingram to a two-way contract.

The Atlanta Hawks traded E.J. Liddell to the Phoenix Suns for David Roddy. Phoenix also received a trade exception

The Phoenix Suns signed Tyus Jones.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Reggie Jackson.

July 27, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed Tristen Newton to a two-way contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Jahmir Young to an Exhibit 10 contract.

July 26, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed Quenton Jackson to a two-way contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Russell Westbrook to a multi-year contract.

The Indiana Pacers signed Andrew Nembhard to a contract extension.

The Denver Nuggets signed Gabe McGlothan to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Jaylin Williams to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The San Antonio Spurs signed David Duke Jr. to a two-way contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans claimed Trey Jemison on waivers from the Memphis Grizzlies.

July 25, 2024

The Washington Wizards signed Anthony Gill.

The Indiana Pacers signed James Johnson.

The Houston Rockets signed Jack McVeigh to a two-way contract.

The Miami Heat signed Josh Christopher to a two-way contract.

The Miami Heat waived Zyon Pullin.

July 24, 2024

The Utah Jazz waived Kenny Lofton Jr..

The Utah Jazz waived Darius Bazley.

The Chicago Bulls waived Andrew Funk.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Jay Huff to a two-way contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies waived Trey Jemison.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Trentyn Flowers to a two-way contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed DeAndre Jordan.

July 23, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets waived Reggie Jackson.

The Boston Celtics signed Sam Hauser to a contract extension.

July 22, 2024

The Toronto Raptors waived Javon Freeman-Liberty.

The Toronto Raptors waived Sasha Vezenkov.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Evan Mobley to a contract extension.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Antonio Reeves to a multi-year contract.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Sandro Mamukelashvili.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Jeff Dowtin to a two-way contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed David Jones to a two-way contract.

July 21, 2024

The Chicago Bulls signed D.J. Steward to a two-way contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed Jackson Rowe to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Riley Minix to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Adem Bona to a multi-year contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Keon Johnson to a multi-year contract.

July 20, 2024

The Utah Jazz waived Russell Westbrook.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Gary Trent Jr..

July 19, 2024

The Orlando Magic signed Cory Joseph to a multi-year contract.

The Brooklyn Nets traded Nemanja Dangubic and Mamadi Diakite to the Memphis Grizzlies for Ziaire Williams and a 2030 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected). Brooklyn also received a trade exception 2030 2nd-rd pick is DAL own Memphis also received a trade exception

July 18, 2024

The Utah Jazz signed Kris Dunn to a multi-year contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers traded cash, Balsa Koprivica, Russell Westbrook and a 2030 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Utah Jazz for Kris Dunn. 2030 2nd-rd pick is a right to swap

July 17, 2024

The San Antonio Spurs signed Charles Bassey.

July 16, 2024

The Toronto Raptors signed Jamison Battle to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Seth Curry.

The Golden State Warriors signed Daeqwon Plowden to a two-way contract.

July 15, 2024

The Philadelphia 76ers signed KJ Martin to a multi-year contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed P.J. Dozier.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Keaton Wallace to a two-way contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Alex Ducas to a two-way contract.

The New York Knicks signed Cameron Payne.

July 14, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets signed Miles Bridges to a multi-year contract.

July 13, 2024

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Karlo Matkovic to a multi-year contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Ron Harper.

The Chicago Bulls waived Raiquan Gray.

The Charlotte Hornets signed Taj Gibson.

July 12, 2024

The Dallas Mavericks signed Emanuel Miller.

The Detroit Pistons signed Bobi Klintman to a multi-year contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Josh Okogie to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Kyle Lowry to a multi-year contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Jamal Cain to a two-way contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Simone Fontecchio to a multi-year contract.

The New York Knicks signed Jalen Brunson to a contract extension.

The Denver Nuggets signed Dario Saric to a multi-year contract.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Vit Krejci to a multi-year contract.

July 11, 2024

The Washington Wizards signed Saddiq Bey to a multi-year contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Malik Beasley.

The Portland Trail Blazers signed Bryce McGowens to a two-way contract.

July 10, 2024

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Daishen Nix to a two-way contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed P.J. Hall to a two-way contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Cade Cunningham to a contract extension.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Brandon Williams to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Kevin Porter Jr. to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Eric Gordon to a multi-year contract.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Jazian Gortman to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Tristan Enaruna to an Exhibit 10 contract.

July 9, 2024

The Detroit Pistons claimed Paul Reed on waivers from the Philadelphia 76ers.

The Chicago Bulls signed Marcus Domask to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Ulrich Chomche to a two-way contract.

The Houston Rockets signed N'Faly Dante to a two-way contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Taurean Prince.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Kai Jones to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed James Harden to a multi-year contract.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Seth Lundy to a two-way contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Jordan McLaughlin.

The Denver Nuggets signed DeRon Holmes to a multi-year contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Jesse Edwards to a two-way contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Daniel Theis.

The Sacramento Kings signed Devin Carter to a multi-year contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Derrick Jones Jr. to a multi-year contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Nicolas Batum to a multi-year contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Alex Len.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Stanley Umude to a two-way contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Trendon Watford.

July 8, 2024

The Chicago Bulls signed Jalen Smith to a multi-year contract.

The Chicago Bulls signed DeMar DeRozan to a multi-year contract.

In a 3-team trade, the Chicago Bulls traded DeMar DeRozan to the Sacramento Kings; the Sacramento Kings traded cash, Chris Duarte, a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2028 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Chicago Bulls; and the Sacramento Kings traded Harrison Barnes and a 2031 1st round draft pick ( was later selected) to the San Antonio Spurs. Sacramento also received a trade exception 2031 1st-rd pick is a swap 2025 2nd-rd pick is SAC own 2028 2nd-rd pick is SAC own Chicago also received a trade exception

The San Antonio Spurs waived Charles Bassey.

The Miami Heat signed Haywood Highsmith to a multi-year contract.

The New York Knicks signed Ariel Hukporti to a two-way contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed De'Anthony Melton.

The Detroit Pistons signed Tobias Harris to a multi-year contract.

The Boston Celtics signed JD Davison to a two-way contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Yves MIssi to a multi-year contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Rob Dillingham to a multi-year contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Terrence Shannon Jr. to a multi-year contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Immanuel Quickley to a multi-year contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Scottie Barnes to a contract extension.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Cam Spencer to a two-way contract.

July 7, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets signed K.J. Simpson to a two-way contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Donovan Mitchell to a contract extension.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Isaiah Joe to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Tyrese Maxey to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Kelly Oubre Jr. to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Andre Drummond to a multi-year contract.

The San Antonio Spurs signed Chris Paul.

The Miami Heat waived Orlando Robinson.

The Washington Wizards signed Carlton Carrington to a multi-year contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Aaron Wiggins to a multi-year contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Bol Bol.

July 6, 2024

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Delon Wright.

The Miami Heat signed Isaiah Stevens to an Exhibit 10 contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed LeBron James to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Paul George to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Caleb Martin to a multi-year contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Cody Zeller to a multi-year contract.

The Atlanta Hawks traded Dejounte Murray to the New Orleans Pelicans for Dyson Daniels, E.J. Liddell, Larry Nance Jr., Cody Zeller, a 2025 1st round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2027 1st round draft pick ( was later selected). 2025 1st-rd pick is LAL own 2027 1st-rd pick least favorable, Atlanta also received a trade exception

The Golden State Warriors signed Klay Thompson to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Buddy Hield to a multi-year contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Kyle Anderson to a multi-year contract.

In a 6-team trade, the Charlotte Hornets traded cash and a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Denver Nuggets; the Dallas Mavericks traded Josh Green to the Charlotte Hornets; the Dallas Mavericks traded a 2031 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Philadelphia 76ers; the Denver Nuggets traded Reggie Jackson, a 2029 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2030 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Charlotte Hornets; the Denver Nuggets traded a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Dallas Mavericks; the Denver Nuggets traded a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Minnesota Timberwolves; the Golden State Warriors traded Klay Thompson to the Dallas Mavericks; the Golden State Warriors traded cash and a 2031 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Minnesota Timberwolves; the Minnesota Timberwolves traded Kyle Anderson to the Golden State Warriors; and the Philadelphia 76ers traded Buddy Hield to the Golden State Warriors. 2025 2nd-rd pick is more favorable 2031 2nd-rd pick is DAL own 2025 2nd-rd pick is PHI own Denver also received a trade exception 2029 2nd-rd pick is DEN own 2030 2nd-rd pick is DEN own 2025 2nd-rd pick is least favorable 2031 2nd-rd pick is a right to swap Minnesota also received a trade exception

The New Orleans Pelicans signed Jonas Valanciunas to a multi-year contract.

The New Orleans Pelicans traded Jonas Valanciunas to the Washington Wizards for a 2027 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected). 2027 2nd-rd pick is CHI own, New Orleans also received a trade exception

The New York Knicks signed Shake Milton to a multi-year contract.

The Brooklyn Nets traded Keita Bates-Diop, Mikal Bridges, Juan Pablo Vaulet and a 2026 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the New York Knicks for Bojan Bogdanovic, Mamadi Diakite, Shake Milton, a 2025 1st round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2025 1st round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2027 1st round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2028 1st round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2029 1st round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2031 1st round draft pick ( was later selected). 2026 2nd-rd pick is least favorable 2025 1st-rd pick is NYK own conditional 2025 1st-rd pick is MIL own 2025 2nd-rd pick is BRK own 2027 1st-rd pick is NYK own 2028 1st-rd pick is a swap 2029 1st-rd pick is NYK own 2031 1st-rd pick is NYK own, Brooklyn also received trade exceptions

In a 4-team trade, the Detroit Pistons traded Cam Spencer to the Memphis Grizzlies; the Memphis Grizzlies traded a 2030 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Minnesota Timberwolves; the Memphis Grizzlies traded Ulrich Chomche to the Toronto Raptors; the Minnesota Timberwolves traded Bobi Klintman and Wendell Moore Jr. to the Detroit Pistons; and the Toronto Raptors traded to the Minnesota Timberwolves. conditional 2030 2nd-rd pick is MEM own Minnesota also received a trade exception

The Charlotte Hornets traded cash to the San Antonio Spurs for Devonte' Graham and a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected). 2025 2nd-rd pick is NOP own San Antonio also received a trade exception

The Charlotte Hornets waived Devonte' Graham.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Aleksej Pokusevski.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Bryce McGowens.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Davis Bertans.

The Portland Trail Blazers traded Malcolm Brogdon, Carlton Carrington, a 2028 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2029 1st round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2030 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Washington Wizards for Deni Avdija. Portland also received a trade exception 2028 2nd-rd pick is GSW own 2029 1st-rd pick is POR own 2030 2nd-rd pick is POR own

The Washington Wizards waived Landry Shamet.

The Golden State Warriors traded cash to the Portland Trail Blazers for Quinten Post.

The Dallas Mavericks traded Tim Hardaway, a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected), a 2028 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) and a 2028 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Detroit Pistons for Quentin Grimes. Dallas also received a trade exception 2025 2nd-rd pick is TOR own 2028 2nd-rd pick is least favorable 2028 2nd-rd pick is MIA own

The Denver Nuggets signed Vlatko Cancar.

The Dallas Mavericks signed Naji Marshall to a multi-year contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Neemias Queta to a multi-year contract.

The New York Knicks signed OG Anunoby to a multi-year contract.

The Miami Heat signed Bam Adebayo to a contract extension.

The Orlando Magic signed Goga Bitadze to a multi-year contract.

The Chicago Bulls signed Patrick Williams to a multi-year contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Jaylen Wells to a multi-year contract.

The Memphis Grizzlies signed Zach Edey to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers waived Paul Reed.

The Houston Rockets signed Aaron Holiday to a multi-year contract.

The Indiana Pacers traded cash and Juan Nunez to the San Antonio Spurs for Johnny Furphy.

The Indiana Pacers signed Johnny Furphy to a multi-year contract.

The Indiana Pacers signed Pascal Siakam to a multi-year contract.

The Indiana Pacers signed Obi Toppin to a multi-year contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Ajay Mitchell to a two-way contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Nikola Topic to a multi-year contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Dillon Jones to a multi-year contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Colin Castleton to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Max Christie to a multi-year contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Franz Wagner to a contract extension.

The Chicago Bulls signed Adama Sanogo to a two-way contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Royce O'Neale to a multi-year contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Derrick White to a contract extension.

The Boston Celtics signed Baylor Scheierman to a multi-year contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Kentavious Caldwell-Pope to a multi-year contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Joe Ingles.

The Boston Celtics signed Jayson Tatum to a contract extension.

The Orlando Magic signed Jonathan Isaac to a contract extension.

The Orlando Magic signed Moe Wagner to a multi-year contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Malik Monk to a multi-year contract.

The Miami Heat signed Kevin Love to a multi-year contract.

The Oklahoma City Thunder signed Isaiah Hartenstein to a multi-year contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Gary Harris to a multi-year contract.

The Brooklyn Nets signed Nic Claxton to a multi-year contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Daniss Jenkins to a two-way contract.

The Detroit Pistons signed Ron Holland to a multi-year contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Tristan Da Silva to a multi-year contract.

The Atlanta Hawks signed Zaccharie Risacher to a multi-year contract.

The Washington Wizards signed Kyshawn George to a multi-year contract.

The Washington Wizards signed Alex Sarr to a multi-year contract.

July 5, 2024

The Indiana Pacers signed James Wiseman to a multi-year contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed Tyler Smith to a multi-year contract.

The Minnesota Timberwolves signed Luka Garza to a multi-year contract.

The Orlando Magic signed Trevelin Queen to a two-way contract.

The Milwaukee Bucks signed A.J. Johnson to a multi-year contract.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Cam Christie to a multi-year contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Taevion Kinsey to a two-way contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Garrett Temple.

July 4, 2024

The Phoenix Suns signed Oso Ighodaro to a multi-year contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Branden Carlson to a two-way contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Ja'Kobe Walter to a multi-year contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Jamal Shead to a multi-year contract.

The Toronto Raptors signed Jonathan Mogbo to a multi-year contract.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Jared McCain to a multi-year contract.

The Miami Heat signed Alec Burks.

The Philadelphia 76ers signed Justin Edwards to a two-way contract.

The New York Knicks signed Tyler Kolek to a multi-year contract.

The Portland Trail Blazers signed Donovan Clingan to a multi-year contract.

July 3, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets signed Tidjane Salaun to a multi-year contract.

The Miami Heat signed Thomas Bryant.

The Phoenix Suns signed Damion Lee.

The Los Angeles Clippers signed Mohamed Bamba.

The Houston Rockets signed Nate Williams Jr. to a two-way contract.

The Denver Nuggets signed Trey Alexander to a two-way contract.

The Golden State Warriors signed Reece Beekman to a two-way contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Drew Peterson to a two-way contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Mason Plumlee.

The Phoenix Suns signed Monte Morris.

The Sacramento Kings signed Isaac Jones to a two-way contract.

The Washington Wizards signed Tristan Vukcevic to a two-way contract.

The Charlotte Hornets waived Marques Bolden.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Blake Hinson to a two-way contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Armel Traore to a two-way contract.

The New York Knicks signed Pacome Dadiet to a multi-year contract.

July 2, 2024

The San Antonio Spurs signed Stephon Castle to a multi-year contract.

Kemba Walker announced retirement.

The Phoenix Suns signed Jalen Bridges to a two-way contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Xavier Tillman Sr. to a multi-year contract.

The Boston Celtics signed Luke Kornet.

The Utah Jazz signed Isaiah Collier to a multi-year contract.

The Utah Jazz signed Cody Williams to a multi-year contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Collin Gillespie to a two-way contract.

The Phoenix Suns signed Ryan Dunn to a multi-year contract.

The Houston Rockets signed Reed Sheppard to a multi-year contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Dalton Knecht to a multi-year contract.

The Cleveland Cavaliers signed Jaylon Tyson to a multi-year contract.

The Sacramento Kings signed Isaiah Crawford to a two-way contract.

The Chicago Bulls signed Matas Buzelis to a multi-year contract.

The Miami Heat signed Pelle Larsson to a multi-year contract.

The Los Angeles Lakers signed Bronny James to a multi-year contract.

July 1, 2024

The Miami Heat signed Kel'el Ware to a multi-year contract.

The Miami Heat signed Keshad Johnson to a two-way contract.

The Miami Heat signed Dru Smith to a two-way contract.

The Miami Heat signed Zyon Pullin to a two-way contract.

The Portland Trail Blazers signed Justin Minaya to a two-way contract.

June 30, 2024

The Utah Jazz waived Omer Yurtseven.

The Golden State Warriors waived Chris Paul.

June 29, 2024

The Washington Wizards signed Richaun Holmes to a contract extension.

The Detroit Pistons waived Buddy Boeheim.

The Detroit Pistons waived Troy Brown Jr..

June 28, 2024

The Charlotte Hornets waived Seth Curry.

The Sacramento Kings traded Davion Mitchell, Jamal Shead, Sasha Vezenkov and a 2025 2nd round draft pick ( was later selected) to the Toronto Raptors for Jalen McDaniels. Sacramento also received multiple trade exceptions 2025 2nd-rd pick is POR own

June 27, 2024

The Golden State Warriors traded Quinten Post to the Oklahoma City Thunder for Lindy Waters III.

The Oklahoma City Thunder traded Quinten Post and cash to the Portland Trail Blazers for Oso Ighodaro.

The New York Knicks traded Ajay Mitchell to the Oklahoma City Thunder for Oso Ighodaro and cash.

The Dallas Mavericks traded Ariel Hukporti, Petteri Koponen and cash to the New York Knicks for Melvin Ajinca.

The New York Knicks traded Osasere Ighodaro to the Phoenix Suns for Kevin McCullar Jr. and a 2028 2nd round draft pick. 2028 2nd-rd pick is BOS own

The New Orleans Pelicans traded a 2030 2nd round draft pick and a 2031 2nd round draft pick to the Orlando Magic for Antonio Reeves. 2030 2nd round pick is a right to swap 2031 2nd round pick is a right to swap

In a 3-team trade, the Atlanta Hawks traded A.J. Griffin to the Houston Rockets; the Atlanta Hawks traded cash to the Miami Heat; the Houston Rockets traded Pelle Larsson to the Miami Heat; and the Miami Heat traded Nikola Djurisic to the Atlanta Hawks. Atlanta also received a trade exception

June 26, 2024

The New York Knicks traded Kyshawn George to the Washington Wizards for Dillon Jones and a 2024 2nd round draft pick (Melvin Ajinça was later selected).

The Minnesota Timberwolves traded a 2030 1st round draft pick and a 2031 1st round draft pick to the San Antonio Spurs for Rob Dillingham. 2030 1st-rd pick is a right to swap 2031 1st-rd pick is MIN own

The New York Knicks traded Dillon Jones to the Oklahoma City Thunder for a 2025 2nd round draft pick, a 2026 2nd round draft pick, a 2027 2nd round draft pick, a 2027 2nd round draft pick and a 2027 2nd round draft pick. 2025 2nd-rd pick is more favorable 2026 2nd-rd pick is GSW own 2027 2nd-rd pick is most favorable 2027 2nd-rd pick is MIN own 2027 2nd-rd pick is most favorable

?

The New York Knicks traded Daniel Diez, a 2027 2nd round draft pick, a 2029 2nd round draft pick and a 2030 2nd round draft pick to the Portland Trail Blazers for Tyler Kolek. 2027 2nd-rd pick is MIN own 2029 2nd-rd pick is least favorable 2030 2nd-rd pick is NYK own

More 2024-25 NBA Pages

2024-25 NBA Season

Standings
Schedule and Results
Leaders
Coaches

Player Stats

Per Game Totals Per 36 Minutes Per 100 Possessions Adjusted Shooting Advanced Play-by-Play Shooting

Other

Rookies Team Ratings Uniform Numbers Transactions Standings by Date Projected Draft Order Preseason Odds
Ad-Free Login Create Account
You are here: BBR Home Page > Leagues > 2024-25 NBA > Transactions
Full Site Menu 
Return to Top
Players
In the News: V. Wembanyama, L. James, K. Durant, J. Embiid, J. Harden, S. Curry, L. Dončić ...
All-Time Greats: E. Hayes, J. Stockton, H. Olajuwon, W. Chamberlain, D. Schayes, J. Havlicek ...
Active Greats: L. James, G. Antetokounmpo, C. Paul, J. Harden, S. Curry, K. Durant ...
Teams
Atlantic: Toronto, Boston, New York, Brooklyn, Philadelphia
Central: Cleveland, Indiana, Detroit, Chicago, Milwaukee
Southeast: Miami, Atlanta, Charlotte, Washington, Orlando
Northwest: Oklahoma City, Portland, Utah, Denver, Minnesota
Pacific: Golden State, Los Angeles Clippers, Sacramento, Phoenix, Los Angeles Lakers
Southwest: San Antonio, Dallas, Memphis, Houston, New Orleans
Seasons
2024-25, 2023-24, 2022-23, 2021-22, 2020-21, 2019-20, 2018-19 ...
Leaders
Season Points, Career Rebounds, Active Assists, Yearly Steals, Progressive Blocks ...
Or, view "Trailers" for Season Field Goal Pct, or Career Blocks Per Game
NBA Scores
Yesterday's Games and Scores from any date in BAA/NBA or ABA history
NBA Schedules
Team Schedules and League Schedules
NBA Standings
Today's Standings and Standings for any date in history
Stathead
Player Finders: Season Finder, Game Finder, Streak Finder, Span Finder
Team Finders: Season Finder, Game Finder, Streak Finder, Span Finder
Other Finders: Versus Finder, Shot Finder
College Tools: Player Season Finder, Player Game Finder, Team Season Finder, Team Game Finder
Coaches
Richie Guerin, Rudy Tomjanovich, Jim O'Brien, Mike Fratello, Alvin Gentry ...
Awards
NBA MVP, All-NBA, Defensive Player of the Year, Rookie of the Year, All-Rookie, Hall of Fame ...
NBA Contracts
Main Index, Team Payrolls, Player Contracts, Glossary ...
Playoffs
2023 NBA Playoffs, 2022 NBA Playoffs, 2021 NBA Playoffs, 2020 NBA Playoffs, 2019 NBA Playoffs, 2018 NBA Playoffs, 2017 NBA Playoffs, Playoffs Series History ...
All-Star Games
2023 All-Star Game, 2022 All-Star Game, 2021 All-Star Game, 2020 All-Star Game, 2019 All-Star Game, 2018 All-Star Game ...
NBA Draft
2023 Draft, 2022 Draft, 2021 Draft, 2020 Draft, 2019 Draft, 2018 Draft, 2017 Draft ...
Frivolities
Players who played for multiple teams (WNBA), Birthdays, Colleges, High Schools, Milestone Watch ...
Executives
Daryl Morey, Masai Ujiri, Pat Riley, Danny Ainge, Jon Horst ...
Referees
Joe Forte, Tony Brothers, Dan Crawford, Ron Olesiak, David Jones ...
G League Stats
Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards ...
International Basketball Stats
Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards ...
WNBA
Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards, All-Star Games, Executives ...
NBL
Players, Teams, Seasons, Leaders, Awards ...
About
Glossary, Contact and Media Information, Frequently Asked Questions about the NBA, WNBA and Basketball ...
Immaculate Grid (Men's)
and
Immaculate Grid (Women's)
Put your basketball knowledge to the test with our daily basketball trivia games. Can you complete the grids?
Basketball-Reference.com Blog and Articles
We're Social...for Statheads
           

Every Sports Reference Social Media Account

Site Last Updated: Friday, January 10, 8:00PM

Question, Comment, Feedback, or Correction?

Subscribe to our Free Email Newsletter

Subscribe to Stathead Basketball: Get your first month FREE
Your All-Access Ticket to the Basketball Reference Database

Do you have a sports website? Or write about sports? We have tools and resources that can help you use sports data. Find out more.

FAQs, Tip & Tricks
Tips and Tricks from our Blog.
Do you have a blog? Join our linker program.
Watch our How-To Videos to Become a Stathead
Subscribe to Stathead and get access to more data than you can imagine

All logos are the trademark & property of their owners and not Sports Reference LLC. We present them here for purely educational purposes. Our reasoning for presenting offensive logos.

Logos were compiled by the amazing SportsLogos.net.

Data Provided By
the official stats partner of the NBA, NHL and MLB.

Copyright © 2000-2025 Sports Reference LLC. All rights reserved.

The SPORTS REFERENCE, STATHEAD, IMMACULATE GRID, and IMMACULATE FOOTY trademarks are owned exclusively by Sports Reference LLC. Use without license or authorization is expressly prohibited.

 Sports Reference ® Baseball Football (college) Basketball (college) Hockey Football Blog Stathead ® Immaculate Grid ®
About • Conditions & Terms of Service • Advertise With Us • Jobs at SR • Basketball-Reference.com T-Shirts & Store • Cookie Preferences

Sports Reference Purpose: We will be the trusted source of information and tools that inspire and empower users to enjoy, understand, and share the sports they love.

Privacy Policy • Gambling Revenue Policy • Accessibility Policy • Use of Data
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.basketball-reference.com/leagues/NBA_2025_transactions.html 
 ----- 
