Cricket
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Cricket
Schedule
BGT 2024
PAK vs SA
SL vs NZ
BBL 24
Vijay Hazare
ZIM vs AFG
BPL 2024
Cricket News
Australia tour of Scotland
[Watch] Jake Fraser-McGurk’s struggle continues as he gets dismissed for his second duck of the series in the AUS vs SCO 3rd T20I 2024
[Watch] Jake Fraser-McGurk’s struggle continues as he gets dismissed for his second duck of the series in the AUS vs SCO 3rd T20I 2024
By
Dev Sharma
Modified Sep 07, 2024 21:58 IST 
Follow Us
Discuss
Australia v West Indies - Men's ODI Series: Game 2 - Source: Getty

Australian opener Jake Fraser-McGurk's lean patch continued as he was dismissed for a duck in the third and final T20I against Scotland on Saturday, September 7. The match was held at Grange Cricket Club in Edinburgh.

The dismissal happened on the second ball of the second over. Left-arm seamer Bradley Currie bowled a back-of-a-length delivery that angled away. Fraser-McGurk, attempting to cut it, hit the ball directly to backward point. Brandon McMullen, who was positioned there, made a superb diving catch.

The 22-year-old Australian batter had a disappointing series, with ducks in his debut game and the final match, scoring just 16 runs in the second game.

Here’s the video of the dismissal:

Trending
Expand Tweet

Chasing a target of 150, the visitors had a shaky start, losing both openers Travis Head (12) and Jake Fraser-McGurk (0) within the first three overs. Captain Mitchell Marsh then provided a crucial boost, scoring 31 off 23 balls, including three fours and two sixes, before being dismissed by Jack Jarvis.

At the time of writing, Australia were 86/3 after 10 overs, with Cameron Green (27*) and Tim David (5*) at the crease. The visitors need 64 runs off the remaining 60 balls to complete a clean sweep over Scotland.

Fifty from Brandon McMullen powered Scotland to a respectable total

After being asked to bat first, Scotland did not get off to an ideal start, losing opener Ollie Hairs for 12 off eight balls in the third over. Cameron Green then delivered the second breakthrough for the visitors, dismissing George Munsey in the final over of the powerplay. Munsey made 25 off 17 balls, including one boundary and two sixes.

Brandon McMullen, coming in at No. 3, began scoring from one end but continuously lost partners from the other. Captain Richie Berrington (8) and wicketkeeper Matthew Cross (7) had disappointing performances.

McMullen brought up his second fifty of the series, scoring 56 off 39 balls, with three fours and three sixes. The hosts finished at 149/9 in their allotted 20 overs. Green was the pick of the bowlers for Australia, taking three wickets.

Looking for fast live cricket scores? Download CricRocket and get fast score updates, top-notch commentary in-depth match stats & much more! 🚀☄️

Quick Links

Australia tour of Scotland Australia Scotland Cricket Jake Fraser McGurk NewsNow Cricket
Edited by Aditya Singh
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/cricket/news-watch-jake-fraser-mcgurk-s-struggle-continues-gets-dismissed-second-duck-series-aus-vs-sco-3rd-t20i 
 ----- 
