Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Anthony Edwards Made NBA History in Clippers-Timberwolves
Minnesota Timberwolves star Anthony Edwards made NBA history against the LA Clippers.
Joey Linn | Jan 7, 2025
Nov 7, 2024; Chicago, Illinois, USA; Minnesota Timberwolves guard Anthony Edwards (5) reacts after scoring against the Chicago Bulls during the second half at United Center. / Kamil Krzaczynski-Imagn Images
In this story:
Los Angeles Clippers
Minnesota Timberwolves

The Minnesota Timberwolves erased a 19-point deficit to defeat the LA Clippers on Monday night. This was the second game Kawhi Leonard has played in this season, and he struggled in his 20 minutes of action.

Finishing with eight points, Leonard converted on just three of his 11 field goal attempts. The Clippers were outscored by 17 points in his minutes. Ty Lue told reporters pregame that Leonard would not close the game no matter the score.

On Minnesota’s side, it was Anthony Edwards who led the way with 37 points, eight assists, and seven rebounds. Hitting some of the game’s biggest shots, Edwards also made NBA history on Monday.

Jan 6, 2025; Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA; Minnesota Timberwolves guard Anthony Edwards (5) celebrates his three-point basket against the Los Angeles Clippers late in the fourth quarter at Target Center. / Bruce Kluckhohn-Imagn Images

Edwards made six threes in the win over LA, and according to the Timberwolves’ game notes, that now places him atop an impressive list.

Via Timberwolves: “Edwards knocked down six threes tonight, marking the seventh time this season he has finished a game with 6+ made threes (26th career)… Tonight’s performance moved Edwards past Trae Young and D’Angelo Russell for the most career games with 6+ made threes by a player aged 23 or younger in NBA history.”

This was an impressive showing from Edwards, and more importantly a big win for Minnesota at home. Sweeping their season series with the Clippers, the Timberwolves now have that tiebreaker should it come into play.

Related Articles

Ex-NBA Star Calls Out Drake for DeMar DeRozan Comments

Patrick Beverley Makes Statement on Possible NBA Comeback

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander Makes Honest Statement on Clippers-Thunder Trade

Published Jan 7, 2025
JOEY LINN

Joey Linn is a credentialed writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's FanNation. Covering the LA Clippers independently in 2018, then for Fansided and 213Hoops from 2019-2021, Joey joined Sports Illustrated's FanNation to cover the Clippers after the 2020-21 season. Graduating from Biola University in 2022 with a Communication Studies degree, Joey served as Biola's play-by-play announcer for their basketball, baseball, softball, and soccer teams during his time in school. Joey's work on Biola's broadcasts, combined with his excellence in the classroom, earned him the Outstanding Communication Studies Student of the year award in 2022. Joey covers the NBA full-time across multiple platforms, primarily serving as a credentialed Clippers beat writer.

Follow joeylinn_

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/clippers/news/anthony-edwards-made-nba-history-in-clippers-timberwolves-01jgzwyafwfd 
 ----- 
