   
News
Accident
Business
Construction & Works
Consumer Affairs
Contributed Articles
Crime
Disaster
Economy
Education
Environment
Fire & Emergency
Headlines
Health
Human Interest
Industrial Relations
Law & Order
Politics & Government
Press Releases
Religion
Science & Technology
Search & Rescue
Tragedy
Weather
Sports
Regional
Barbados Today
Arts & Entertainment
NEWS
SPORTS
REGIONAL
MORE

stluciatimes, caribbean, caribbeannews, stlucia, saintlucia, stlucianews, saintlucianews, stluciatimesnews, saintluciatimes, stlucianewsonline, saintlucianewsonline, st lucia news online, stlucia news online, loop news, loopnewsbarbados

Saint Lucia On Top In CNL
By
Terry Finisterre
0Comment(s)
September 9, 2024
 ShareWhatsAppFacebook
Forino (3) scored in just his second international match (Just Cool Photos)

Saint Lucia consolidated their lead atop Group B of League B in the Concacaf Nations League (CNL) 2024-25 with a laboured win over Grenada on Monday evening at the Kirani James Athletics Stadium in St George’s.
Grenada had defeated Saint Martin 2-0 in their opening match last week. Saint Lucia overcame Curaçao 2-1, remaining unbeaten against the highly-rated Dutch team. Coming into the second gameday, the group lead was very much in play, and the home were favoured to win.
Somewhat against the run of play, however, central defender Chris Forino Joseph nodded in a firm header to put the Piton Boyz up 1-0 in the 13th minute. A defensive error fewer than 10 minutes later saw the ball fall to Donavan Jn Baptiste, who swept it in for the 2-0 advantage.
That margin held up until the second half, when Lucas Akins pulled one back in the 51st minute. A Grenadian barrage ensued, but Saint Lucia were able to hold on for the win. Now on six points, they are ahead of Grenada and Curaçao, each on three points, thanks to Saint Martin.
The home team enjoyed 66 per cent of the possession, but only outshot Saint Lucia 17-14. The Spice Boyz also essayed 654 passes, converting 84 per cent (548) on a soggy pitch in St George’s. By comparison, Saint Lucia tried just 282 passes, and only 74 per cent of them (208) found a teammate.
Saint Lucia will turn its attention to two home games against Saint Martin at the Daren Sammy Cricket Ground a month hence. They will hope to reinforce the squad ahead of those fixtures, as two further wins would put them in pole position to win the group and win promotion to League A.

By
Terry Finisterre

Any third-party or user posts, comments, replies, and third-party entries published on the St. Lucia Times website (https://stluciatimes.com) in no way convey the thoughts, sentiments or intents of St. Lucia Times, the author of any said article or post, the website, or the business. St. Lucia Times is not responsible or liable for, and does not endorse, any comments or replies posted by users and third parties, and especially the content therein and whether it is accurate. St. Lucia Times reserves the right to remove, screen, edit, or reinstate content posted by third parties on this website or any other online platform owned by St. Lucia Times (this includes the said user posts, comments, replies, and third-party entries) at our sole discretion for any reason or no reason, and without notice to you, or any user. For example, we may remove a comment or reply if we believe it violates any part of the St. Lucia Criminal Code, particularly section 313 which pertains to the offence of Libel. Except as required by law, we have no obligation to retain or provide you with copies of any content you as a user may post, or any other post or reply made by any third-party on this website or any other online platform owned by St. Lucia Times. All third-parties and users agree that this is a public forum, and we do not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any content you as a user may post, or any other post or reply made by any third-party on this website. Any posts made and information disclosed by you is at your own risk.

LEAVE A REPLY
Comment:
Name:
Email:
Website:

 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment.

Advertisement
TRENDING
Women’s Rights Activist Pleased With Sentence For Verlinda Joseph’s Killer
December 27, 2024
Civilians In Castries Foil Attempt To Steal Tourist’s Chain
December 26, 2024
St Jude Hospital Reconstruction Continuing During Holidays
December 27, 2024
Advertisement
Subscribe to our St. Lucia Times Newsletter

Get our headlines emailed to you every day.

Subscribe
Subscribe to our St. Lucia Times Newsletter

Get our headlines emailed to you every day.

Subscribe
ABOUT US
St. Lucia Times is a news and lifestyle media house owned by Caribbean Today Media. We aim to empower Saint Lucians and other audiences at home and abroad with timely, accurate, and transparent news and information. By embracing a digital-first approach, our goal is to be a timely source of news that informs, inspires, and drives positive change in the community. View our Privacy Policy.



Email Addresses: news@stluciatimes.com

Telephone Number: +1 758 488-4577

FOLLOW US
   
All News Categories Featured Sections
© Copyright 2024 - St. Lucia Times. Caribbean Today Media.
3
SHARES
Get notified when we have headlines
Allow
Cancel
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://stluciatimes.com/165897/2024/09/saint-lucia-on-top-in-cnl/ 
 ----- 
