HOME
FOOTBALL
Socceroos seal spot in Asian Cup knockout stages as Aussie star’s strike sinks plucky minnows
DOHA, QATAR - JANUARY 18: Jackson Irvine of Australia celebrates with team mates scoring his team's first goal during the AFC Asian Cup Group B match between Syria and Australia at Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium on January 18, 2024 in Doha, Qatar. (Photo by Robert Cianflone/Getty Images)
Source: Getty Images
Marco Monteverde from Nca Newswire
January 19th, 2024 8:33 am

Midfielder Jackson Irvine scored for the second time in two matches as the Socceroos sealed their spot in the Asian Cup knockout stages with a 1-0 win over Syria in Doha.

Having also found the back of the net in Australia’s 2-0 Group B weekend victory against India, Irvine again has his scoring boots on, much to the relief of a Socceroos side that again struggled in attack.

Stream Over 50 Sports Live & On-Demand with Kayo. New to Kayo? Start Your Free Trial Today >

For the second match in succession, the Socceroos produced a disappointing first-half display as they failed to trouble the well-organised Syrians, who had the better of the chances in the opening stanza

The Socceroos lacked energy in attack and laboured in possession too often as they became frustrated in their attempt to break down their opponents.

The Australians again lifted in the second half, but it was another performance that they will need to improve on if they are to go deep into the tournament.

It took an hour for the Socceroos to score, with the opportunity proved by winger Martin Boyle.

The Scotland-born Hibs star took on the Syrians as he charged to the edge of the penalty area.

His pass that was directed towards substitute Riley McGree was blocked by the Syria defence, but in a scrappy passage of play, the ball wasn’t cleared, and eventually fell for Irvine, who stabbed it home past goalkeeper Ahmad Madania to score his 11th goal for the Socceroos.

Riley McGree added some much-needed creativity after coming on as a second half substitute. (Photo by Robert Cianflone/Getty Images)
Source: Getty Images

It proved to be all that the Australians needed to secure another three points and guarantee themselves a berth in the round-of-16.

However, the Socceroos were given a major scare in the fifth minute when Syria’s Colombia-born forward Pablo Sabbag hit the post with a low strike that had Australia’s goalkeeper and captain Mat Ryan beaten.

The Syrians also had two other first-half chances, with Ammar Ramadan hitting the side netting with a 39th-minute strike and Sabbag blazing a shot over the crossbar five minutes later after Socceroos defender Cameron Burgess gave the ball away in a dangerous position.

Irvine’s goal settled Australia’s nerves, however there was one final scare when the masked Ryan, who is still recovering from a fractured cheekbone, nearly fumbled a shot from Moayad Ajan into his own net in the 68th minute.

Three changes

Socceroos coach Graham Arnold tinkered with a winning line-up, making three changes to the team that started in win over India.

Cameron Burgess was recalled to the heart of Australia’s defence at the expense of Kye Rowles.

Midfielder Aiden O’Neill started ahead of Keanu Baccus, while left-sided utility Jordan Bos – who scored after coming off the bench against India – forced his way into the starting team, with winger Craig Goodwin dropping to the bench.

SPORTS
AFL
NRL
FOOTBALL
CRICKET
MOTORSPORT
RUGBY
NFL
BASKETBALL
TENNIS
GOLF
POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
RELEVANT ADS OPT-OUT
FOX SPORTS DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION TERMS
FAQ'S AND CONTACT US
COOKIES POLICY
DATA USAGE POLICY
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
ACCESSIBILITY
SITEMAP
RSS FEEDS
STAY CONNECTED ON SOCIAL MEDIA
FOX SPORTS AUSTRALIA 2021 ©
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com.au/football/that-cant-continue-socceroos-stars-sobering-admission-as-next-asian-cup-test-awaits-live/news-story/132b25b1cfc70769b76857db1c1cd7af 
 ----- 
