FOOTBALL
Network
My Football
Play Football
Football Australia
MiniRoos
My Account
    
News
Video
Podcasts
Squads
Fixtures
50 Years 1974 Socceroos
More
Tickets
Shop
SYRIA
0
:
1
FULL TIME
AUSTRALIA
 
ASIAN CUP R1
JASSIM BIN HAMAD STADIUM
YOUR TIME: THU 18 JAN, 11.30AM
LOCAL: 18 JAN, 2.30PM
TV
Socceroos Sideline: Syria v Australia - AFC Asian Cup Q
Harry Souttar & Cam Burgess break down the Syria win |
Syria v Australia | Mini Match | AFC Asian Cup Qatar 20
Alternate Angle: Martin Boyle build up, Jackson Irvine
Socceroos react to Syria 0-1 Australia | Group B | AFC
Martin Boyle: I try to be as positive as I can | Interv
Aiden O'Neill: We've got 5 games to go | Interview | Sy
Graham Arnold & Jackson Irvine | Post-Match Press Confe
Syria v Australia | Extended Highlights | AFC Asian Cup
Maty Ryan: Our mission is to go all the way | AFC Asian
Jackson Irvine: We've switched on 'tournament mode' | A
Syria v Australia | Quick Highlights | AFC Asian Cup Qa
GOAL: Jackson Irvine continues his scoring ways | AFC A
CHANCE: Jackson Irvine lurking around the far post | AF
Set for Syria! 💪 | AFC Asian Cup 2023
Graham Arnold and Aziz Behich Pre-Match Press Conferenc
Harry Souttar: I absolutely love this team | Press Conf
Keanu Baccus: Every game is tough in this tournament |
Kye Rowles: We're focussed on the enormity of this tour
Riley McGree: Everybody needs to stand up in this tourn
MATCH REPORT LIVE MATCH MATCH PREVIEW HEAD TO HEAD NEWS
WATCH: Socceroos make it two wins from two after Syria triumph
Kristian Bullock
Updated: 08:36pm Jan 18, 2024
Australia have continued their perfect start to the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™ with a 1-0 victory over Syria courtesy of a Jackson Irvine finish in the 59th minute.

The win all but secures Australia's progression into the Round of 16, with a result against Uzbekistan determining whether the green and gold finish top of Group B.

Three changes followed Australia's performance against India, with centre-back Cameron Burgess picked to combat a large and robust Syrian frontline, while Aiden O'Neill was rewarded for a strong showing in the last stanza of Saturday's match. Goal-scoring substitute Jordan Bos was the third to be introduced, with the 21-year-old regaining his position as a left-winger, which saw him score his first international goal.

It was the former defender Bos, that brought the energy early, with Australia's most effective avenue in attack coming from long switches to Bos' left-hand side, with the Westerlo star using his pace to beat the first man, bringing fellow forwards Mitch Duke and Jackson irvine into the game.

Mid-game, wingers Jordan Bos and Martin Boyle switched sides of the field, with Boyle in charge of taking corners from the left hand side, while Bos' runs complementing the passing range of fullback Gethin Jones.

 

Jackson Irvine almost opened the scoring in the 36th minute, after a brilliantly placed cross from a Martin Boyle corner, which needed the glancing headed assist from Gethin Jones, missed the diving St Pauli midfielder at the back post by inches.

A goalless scoreline at the half followed a breakneck 45 minutes of football, with Australia accruing 68% of the game's possession, yet failing to break through the resilient Syrian backline, despite finding themselves in a number of good positions.

With half and hour to play and the scores yet to be changed, coach Graham Arnold decided to make a triple substitution. Midfielders Keanu Baccus and Riley McGree were introduced in favour of Aiden O'Neill and Connor Metcalfe. Samuel Silvera was the third change, replacing the tireless Jordan Bos on the left wing.

The changes paid dividends, just as they did against India, with Australia opening their account just a minute after shifting the decks. This time it was the inventive run of Martin Boyle, who skipped passed the challenge of two Syrian defenders, before a fortunate deflection fell to the path of Jackson Irvine.

With his back to goal and a defender at his heels, the midfielder managed to swerve the direction of both his body and the ball, stepping away from his marker, before tapping the ball past Ahmad Madania in goal.

Hoping to close out the contest, Melbourne Victory striker Bruno Fornaroli was introduced in the 79th minute for his second tournament appearance, with the 36-year-old tasked with pressuring the Syrian backline as they attempt to keep possession and build toward an equaliser.

Kusini Yengi became the last change for the Subway Socceroos, coming on in the 83rd minute for his Asian Cup debut, with himself and Fornaroli forming a two-man striking partnership.

Having established their dominance late in the contest against India, the green and gold once again took control in the last 10 minutes of this match, with Syria unable to wrangle themselves clear of Australia's midfield.

The victory sees Graham Arnold's men extend their lead at the top of Group B, with six points from a possible six. Up next is perhaps the toughest test of the first round, with a positive result in Tuesday's clash against Uzbekistan being pivotal to progressing as the group's top team.

Syria: 0

Australia: 1 (Jackson Irvine 59')

Date: Thursday 18th January 2024

Venue: Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium, Doha, Qatar

Syria: 22. (GK) Ahmad Madania, 24. Abdul Rahman Oues, 2. Aiham Ousou, 13. Thaer Krouma, 3. Moayad Ajan, 25. Mahmoud Al Aswad (Fahad Youssef 65'), 18. Jalil Elías, 4. Ezequiel Ham, 12. Ammar Ramadan, 11. Pablo Sabbag (Omar Khribin 65'), 21. Ibrahim Hesar (Antonio Yakoub 78')

Substitutes Not Used: 1. (GK) Ibrahim Alma, 5. Omar Midani, 14. Mouhammad Anez, 15. Khaled Kourdoghli, 16. Elmar Abraham, 19. Moayad Al Khouli, 23. (GK) Taha Mosa

Yellow Cards: N/A

Red Cards: N/A

Australia: 1. (C) (GK) Maty Ryan, 25. Gethin Jones, 19. Harry Souttar, 21. Cameron Burgess, 16. Aziz Behich, 13. Aiden O'Neill (Keanu Baccus 57'), 22. Jackson Irvine, 8. Connor Metcalfe (Riley McGree 57'), 6. Martin Boyle (Kusini Yengi 83'), 15. Mitch Duke (Bruno Fornaroli 79'), 5. Jordan Bos (Samuel Silvera 57')

Substitutes Not Used: 2. Thomas Deng, 4. Kye Rowles, 10. Kusini Yengi, 11. Marco Tilio, 18. (GK) Joe Gauci, 20. Lewis Miller, 23. Craig Goodwin, 24. Patrick Yazbek

Yellow Cards: (Aiden O'Neill 27', Samuel Silvera 86')

Red Cards: N/A

SUBWAY SOCCEROOS AFC ASIAN CUP QATAR 2023™ FIXTURES (GROUP B):

Australia v Uzbekistan
Tuesday, 23 January 2024
Al Janoub Stadium, Doha
Kick-off: 2:30pm local (10:30pm AEDT)
Broadcast: Network 10 and Paramount+

Every AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023 match will be live on Paramount+

RELATED NEWS
Jan 19, 2024
'Special moment' for Burgess to start in major tournament for Socceroos

Cameron Burgess was given his first start at an Asian Cup for the Subway Socceroos, while also recording a first clean sheet, in the 1-0 win over Syria.The start was also his first in a major tournament for his country and it was a proud moment in his career.“First game in the As

Jan 19, 2024
Captain Ryan pleased with defensive display against Syria

Australia remain in top spot of Group B of the Asian Cup after a 1-0 win over Syria on match day two.Jackson Irvine scored the all-important goal in the 59th minute to steer Australia to victory while the team managed their sixth clean sheet in a row. READ MORE: Arnold wants impr

Jan 18, 2024
O’Neill happy with three points in first major tournament start for Socceroos

Aiden O’Neill was handed his first start in a major tournament for the Australia in the 1-0 win over Syria.O’Neill came into the squad in centre midfield and put in a solid shift before being substituted in the 57th minute. READ MORE: Arnold wants improvement on the ball but plea

Jan 18, 2024
Boyle says Australia had to work hard for the win against Syria

A gritty 1-0 win for the Subway Socceroos over Syria has seen them progress to the next round of the Asian Cup already, but it was hard earned said Martin Boyle.After putting in a solid 83 minutes in the match and creating the chance that led to the winning goal, Boyle has said h

Jan 18, 2024
Arnold wants improvement on the ball but pleased with group progression

The Subway Socceroos had to work hard for a 1-0 win over Syria in their second match of the Asian Cup on Thursday at the Jassim bin Hamad Stadium.Speaking after the match, Head Coach Graham Arnold gave props to the defensive strength shown by the side but said he knows his side c

Jan 18, 2024
'Tournament Mode' all about winning games - Irvine

After playing a pivotal role in securing the Green and Gold’s spot in the Asian Cup knockout stages, Jackson Irvine reflects on the match against a stubborn Syria side.Irvine’s lone goal was enough to see out opponents Syria who sit third in the group, having picked up a 0-0 draw

Jan 18, 2024
WATCH: Socceroos make it two wins from two after Syria triumph

Australia have continued their perfect start to the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™ with a 1-0 victory over Syria courtesy of a Jackson Irvine finish in the 59th minute.The win all but secures Australia's progression into the Round of 16, with a result against Uzbekistan determining wh

Jan 17, 2024
Match Preview: Syria vs Australia | AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™

The Subway Socceroos will line up for their second group stage match of the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™ on Thursday night (10:30pm AEDT) against Syria at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium in Doha.READ MORE: How To Watch: Syria vs Australia | AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™Australia's Asian Cu

Jan 16, 2024
Baccus: Socceroos 'focussing on themselves' as Asian Cup heats up

The Asian Cup is very much in full swing now as every nation has played their first game, and with that talk has begun on who looks strong enough to win the tournament.All the conversation outside the Subway Socceroos camp has not influenced the players and staff though, as Keanu

Jan 15, 2024
Familiarity amongst the backline is key for Socceroos says Rowles

Australia's victory over India in their first match of the Asian Cup was the fifth match in a row the backline has kept a clean sheet.In those five matches the personnel used has changed each game but the defensive strength has remained very apparent.MORE CONTENT:How To Watch: Sy

Jan 14, 2024
Our History vs Syria

For the second consecutive AFC Asian Cup, Australia will face Syria as the two teams meet in the second match of Group B.The two nations cross paths on Thursday at 10:30pm AEDT at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium.Head to head, the Subway Socceroos have only played the Syrians on thre

Jan 14, 2024
How To Watch: Syria vs Australia | AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™

Australia face Syria in its second AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023™ Group B match on Thursday, 18 January at 10:30pm AEDT.This will be the fourth meeting against Syria and incidentally the first since the 2019 edition of the Asian Cup, where the Aussies claimed a last-gasp 3-2 win.Graha

Pagination
1
2
NEXT PAGE
NEXT
LAST PAGE
LAST
    

Locked Bag A4071
Sydney South,
NSW 2000, Australia

+61 (2) 8020 4000
SUBWAY SOCCEROOS INSIDER
SITEMAP
News
Video
Fixtures
Ladders
Tickets
Shop
Our History
SQUADS
Socceroos
Australia U-23
Young Socceroos
Joeys
SUGGESTED
Donate to the Pararoos
Our Partners
FOOTBALL
Network
Privacy Policy
|
Legal Notice
© 2025 Football Australia | ABN 28 106 478 068 | All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.socceroos.com.au/match/syria-v-australia-asian-cup-19-01-2024/2363532 
 ----- 
