Thursday, January 02, 2025
PDF
Supplements
Top Stories 
Qatar
Business
Sport
World 
Gulf/(MiddleEast)
Press Release
Latest News
Home
/
Sports
/
‘Syria will not take defensive approach against Australia’
‘Syria will not take defensive approach against Australia’
18/01/2024
/
Sports
+ A
A -
Qatar tribune

Afc.com

Doha

Syria head coach Hector Cuper has denied he will take a defensive approach into his team’s Group B clash with Australia on Thursday as the west Asians look to pick up their first win of the AFC Asian Cup Qatar 2023.

The Argentinian’s team were held to a 0-0 draw by Uzbekistan in their opening game on Saturday having failed to register a single shot on target at Jassim bin Hamad Stadium against Cuper’s former employers.

But while the meeting with Graham Arnold’s side represents another demanding test for the Qasioun Eagles, Cuper stressed he will not be setting up his team to look for another point.

“I’ve never seen a coach play a match to draw, in any match we play to win,” said the former Valencia, Inter Milan and Uzbekistan coach. “That’s the aim in football.

“Some might say the Australia team is stronger, but that’s on paper and on the pitch anything is possible. This is what I’m telling my players, this is what we prepare for.

“Tactically, spiritually, morally, we are training to overcome any mistakes from our opponent. We will fight and try our best to secure the three points ahead of the Australian team.”

The Syrians are still looking for their first win at the AFC Asian Cup since 2011, with the nation going through the tournaments in Australia in 2015 and the United Arab Emirates four years later without registering a victory.

The country finished bottom of their group in 2019 with one draw from their three games but Cuper was keen to move on from the disappointment of a campaign that started with Bernd Stange in charge, only for the German to be fired after two games.

“That’s in the past, that’s history,” said Cuper.

“We have new hopes and aspirations and players and this match will be critical. We are history makers, we need to play well to qualify.

“We know we’re playing a strong team, no one can deny that. They are 24th in the world and we are in the 90s, but on the pitch anything is possible. I have 26 players who are willing, who have the spirit and will sacrifice and make the county proud.

“We will work hard and we hope the match will be in our favour.”

Arnold, meanwhile, declared he has a full squad available after leading the 2015 champions to a 2-0 win over India in their opening Group B match at the weekend. “We looked at Syria in World Cup qualifying and the friendly against China (PR),” he said.

“We watched them against Uzbekistan and Japan, when they lost 5-0. We know everything about the Syrian players and team.”

“We’ve done our homework. We’re expecting a physical game and we’ll be ready for it.

“We’ve watched Syria and we know they’ve got some strengths, but it’s about us tidying up the things that didn’t work against India and making sure we’re ready mentally for the game.

“I can’t control too much what Syria do, but I can with us and it’s important we get that right.”

   Copy
18/01/2024
225
Follow us
© Copyright 2025 QATAR TRIBUNE
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.qatar-tribune.com/article/103018/sports/syria-will-not-take-defensive-approach-against-australia 
 ----- 
