HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

AFC Asian Cup 2023: Syria vs Australia: Predicted lineup, injury news, head-to-head, telecast
Published at :
January 16, 2024 at 1:36 PM
Modified at :
January 16, 2024 at 1:36 PM

Yash Pratap Singh

0
0
Australia will aim a win in order to secure their spot in the AFC Asian Cup knockouts.

After a win in their opening AFC Asian Cup 2023 game against India, Australia will look to continue their good run of form against Syria in their second group stage game. The Socceroos will face Syria at the Jasim bin Ali Stadium in Al Rayyan.

Australia are currently high on confidence after winning all their last five games. Syria on the other hand, managed a hard fought 0-0 draw against a highly-ranked Uzbekistan side in their opening fixture. It will be an entertaining clash as both teams will go all out for the win in this tie.

Kick Off

18 January, 2024, 17:00 IST

18 January, 2024, 17:30 GMT+11

18 January, 2024, 14:30 GMT+3

Form

Syria (in all competitions) D-D-D-L-W

Australia (in all competitions) W-W-W-W-W

Players to watch 
Abdul Rahman Oues (Syria)
Oues will have to keep things tight at the back against Australia. (Courtesy: AFC)

The defender was Syria’s best player in their opening game against Uzbekistan. His presence at the back made it impossible for the Uzbek forwards to score. Abdul’s ball-winning capability coupled with his physical presence and passing abilities have been a very crucial asset for Syria.

Jackson Irvine (Australia)
Jackson Irvine scored the opener against India. (Courtesy: AFC)

The midfielder put up a very strong performance in his side’s opening game against India. Jackson also won the player of the match award for his heroics on the pitch against the Blue Tigers. He scored the opening goal for Australia and was a constant threat to the opposition. Syria must put a pause to his creativity.

Match Facts
Syria have never been able to defeat Australia 
The last time these two teams met at the AFC Asian Cup, Australia pulled off a 3-2 victory
Omar Khribin scored a goal for Syria against Australia in 2019
Injury and Team News

Both teams are expected to have a fully fit squad available for selection.

Head-to-Head

Total Matches played – 3

Syria wins – 0

Australia wins – 2

Draws – 1

Predicted Line-up
Syria (4-4-2)

Alma, Jenyat, Krouma, Al Midani,,Youssef, Anez, Weiss, Ham, Osman, Hesar, Al Somah

Australia (4-4-2)

Mathew Ryan (C) (GK); Gethin Jones, Harry Souttar, Cameron Burgess, Jordan Bos; Connor Metcalfe, Aiden O’Neill, Jackson Irvine, Craig Goodwin; Mitchell Duke, Samuel Silvera

Prediction for Syria vs Australia

Australia come into the game as clear favourites, thanks to their better FIFA ranking and a good run of form. However, Syria will also present a tough fight as they also pulled off a good result in the previous game.

Prediction: Syria 1-2 Australia

Telecast

India – Sports 18, Jio Cinema

Qatar, Bahrain, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Palestine, Syria, Yemen, Oman – BeinSports, Alkass

Australia – Network 10

United Kingdom, Ireland, France, Belgium, Netherlands – Triller TV

For worldwide broadcast information, click here.

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
ISL 2024-25: Updated Points Table, most goals, and most assists after match 84, Mohun Bagan vs Hyderabad FC
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
ISL: Bikash Yumnam signs pre-contract agreement with Kerala Blasters FC
Top 10 footballers with most goals from outside the box in 2024
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the winter transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap! 🚀 Cli

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-2023-syria-vs-australia-preview 
 ----- 
