Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Brittany Mahomes
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Broncos vs Bills Time 
Sean McDermott Bills wildcard
Packers vs Eagles time
CFP National Championship Odds
Deion Sanders
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Angel Reese
Cooper Flagg
Gervonta Davis
Dern vs Ribas time
Selena Gomez Benny Blanco
Khloé Kardashian wildfires
Horoscope Today
Latest News
VA disability rating 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Student Loan Forgiveness Program
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
NFL
News
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Teams
Fantasy Football
Winners
Minnesota Vikings
Justin Jefferson is next in line for market-setting contract, but it won't come until 2024

The Minnesota Vikings wide receiver will play in 2023 under his rookie contract.

Justin Jefferson will sign a huge contract, just not this offseason.LAPRESSE
MATIAS WODNER
09/09/2023 - 18:12 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
NFL. NFL analyst addresses referees' missed calls on Kansas City Chiefs season opener fiasco
NFL. Patrick Peterson fuels Week 1 rivalry with interception trash talk, Brock Purdy responds

While NFL teams and players have all offseason to negotiate new contract extensions, it isn't until the last few weeks before the regular season begins that we see real progress be made. As they say: "deadlines spur action".

Joe Burrow and Nick Bosa's record-setting contracts were done days before Week 1 begins. But for all of the contracts that get done, there are others that don't make it to the finish line. Mike Evans gave the Tampa Bay Buccaneers a deadline for an extension, and he's now expected to leave after the 2023 season.

For the Minnesota Vikings and All-Pro wide receiver Justin Jefferson, there was optimism the two sides would find common ground and strike a deal right before the season begins. But that won't be the case.

We don't know how far apart the Vikings and Jefferson were in negotiations, but it's possible the wide receiver simply wanted to wait in order to get more money. The salary cap in the NFL is continually rising and Jefferson just turned 24 years old, so he's in no rush to sign a contract that doesn't maximize his profits.

MORE in MARCA
Beyoncé and Ja...
Marca
Who is Amy...
Marca

When Jefferson does sign, it will no-doubt be the most expensive contract for a wide receiver in the sport's history. Jefferson is off to the best career start of any wideout ever, and he will get paid as such.

But his richest wide receiver distinction may not last long, as college teammate Ja'Marr Chase is next in line and has already made note that he hopes Jefferson "sets the market for me".

Ja'Marr Chase comments on Justin Jefferson's contract negotiationsCharlie Clifford / Twitter
NFL - English
Justin Jefferson - English
Minnesota Vikings - English
Ja'Marr Chase - English
Cincinnati BengalsUncertainty looms over Tee Higgins' contract extension with Bengals
NFLNFL Injury Report: Who will probably be out for Sunday Night Football?
Minnesota VikingsKyle Rudolph to retire in a Vikings uniform sometime this NFL season
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Former child star dies in Malibu wil...
Marca
Bill Clinton secretl y lives a nightma...
Marca
Ongelooflijk: Een groep specialiste...
Energieke Kousen
Ontdek de nieuwe Kia EV6. Boek nu...
Kia
Deze videodeurbel is dе hit vаn 2024...
Verisure®
Bloedsuiker uit balans? Probeer...
GlucoSerenity
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/nfl/minnesota-vikings/2023/09/10/64fcfaefe2704e1a798b4586.html 
 ----- 
