Teams
NBA Store
NBA League Pass
NBA ID
Utah Jazz
PRESENTED BY:
TICKETS
SCHEDULE
TEAM
NEWS & MEDIA
JAZZ+
Community
Arena
Fans
History
Shop
PHOENIX, ARIZONA - JANUARY 11: Isaiah Collier #13 of the Utah Jazz controls the ball against Grayson Allen #8 of the Phoenix Suns during the second half of the NBA game at Footprint Center on January 11, 2025 in Phoenix, Arizona. NOTE TO USER: User expressly acknowledges and agrees that, by downloading and or using this photograph, User is consenting to the terms and conditions of the Getty Images License Agreement. (Photo by Kelsey Grant/Getty Images)
Shorthanded Utah Jazz Fall Against Phoenix Suns: Three Takeaways 
Eric Spyropoulos●@EricSpyroNBA
Digital Writer
January 11, 20255:53 PM MST

The Utah Jazz found themselves with an uphill battle to climb Saturday afternoon.

Missing five rotation players in a road matchup against the Phoenix Suns, the Jazz got key contributions from their rookies and second unit to keep pace with Phoenix. However, the Suns’ efficient offense and Utah’s cold 3-point shooting (9-of-42, 21.4 percent) proved to be too much to overcome, as Phoenix came away with a 114-106 victory. 

It was a slow start for Utah, with 1-of-8 shooting allowing the Suns to jump out to an early 12-2 lead. Some productive minutes from the second unit got the Jazz back in the game, as Kyle Filipowski quickly racked up two steals and four points as Utah got within one point late in the frame. The Jazz got 16 points off the bench in the first quarter, which was key in only being down 31-27 after the first 12 minutes. 

After Utah briefly tied the game, the Suns used more hot shooting to regain the advantage. The Jazz offense slowed during the middle stages of the second quarter as Phoenix’s lead grew to 16. As their starters checked back into the game, the Jazz were able to battle back and cut the deficit down a little, but the Suns continued to score efficiently (34 points on 56.5 percent shooting in the quarter) and held a 65-54 advantage at the break. 

Utah’s defense locked in to begin the second half, with an 11-0 scoring run eventually bringing Utah within just one point at 67-66. Unfortunately for the Jazz, the Suns offense found its rhythm in the ensuing minutes, using a 14-6 run to regain control of the game and a nine-point lead. In the end, the Jazz were able to outscore the Suns by three in the quarter, but Phoenix took an 87-79 lead into the fourth and final frame. 

Once again, the Jazz made another run to get within striking distance, using a 9-4 start to the fourth quarter to get within three at 91-88. Svi Mykhailiuk and Drew Eubanks combined for two pick-and-roll connections as Utah’s second unit continued to produce. Former Jazzman Grayson Allen left his mark on the quarter with three 3-pointers as the Suns once again pushed their lead to double digits midway through the frame. 

The Jazz kept pace throughout the remainder of the game, but it wasn’t enough to pull off a comeback win. 

“I thought the team played hard, but we just couldn’t get it going offensively,” Jazz head coach Will Hardy said. “Some of that was that we just missed (shots). We’ll bounce back tomorrow, that’s the great thing about the NBA, the games just keep coming.” 

Here are three takeaways from Saturday’s loss.

Productive minutes for Utah’s second unit

A Jazz squad that has dealt with its fair share of absences in recent games found itself even more shorthanded Saturday afternoon with Johnny Juzang missing the game.

Already without key rotation players in John Collins, Jordan Clarkson, Keyonte George, and Brice Sensabaugh, Jazz head coach Will Hardy’s rotation had to be adjusted yet again. 

The result was more opportunity for rookies Kyle Filipowski and Cody Williams, as well as more playing time for veterans Mykhailiuk and Drew Eubanks. 

Williams impressed with a career-high 13 points off the bench, which included two confident 3-pointers from the wing, a key area of his game and skill set moving forward.

“Cody’s done a really good job of sticking with the process of it all,” Hardy said. “I think he’s done a good job of keeping a good head space. He’s making good reads, it’s nice to see him have a little bit of success.” 

Mykhailiuk was active early and often Saturday, finishing with 13 points and seven assists in his 19 minutes of action. Meanwhile, Eubanks set a new season-high with 11 rebounds in 17 minutes. Of note, Two-Way guard Elijah Harkless also made his NBA debut Saturday. 

In the end, the Jazz got 36 points off the bench, an impressive effort for the shorthanded unit. 

Booker and Durant fueled an efficient Suns offense

When going up against the Suns, the scouting report always begins with the dynamic duo of Kevin Durant and Devin Booker.

Both stars had it going early and often Saturday afternoon, which set the table for Phoenix’s offense as a unit. Booker led the way with 34 points in the win, while Durant contributed 25 points and seven assists.

“They have some incredible talent on their team that made some great plays that we’re all kind of used to seeing,” Hardy said. 

As a team, the Suns connected on 51.2 percent from the field, which included 63.3 percent shooting inside the arc, which was key in overcoming initial struggles from beyond the arc. 

Each time Utah tried to make a comeback attempt, the Suns had a timely basket or two in response. 

Collier continues to dish it out 

During a second quarter interview on the broadcast, Jordan Clarkson joked that Isaiah Collier “wants to catch John Stockton, he loves passing the ball. He’s already done the math and everything, he said he needs to average 7.5 (assists) per game for the next 15 years.” 

Well, the rookie guard has kept up with that pace as of late and showcased his potential as a playmaker, with two consecutive games of nine assists coming into Saturday’s showdown against Phoenix.

Collier racked up another eight assists against the Suns, using his speed and athleticism to create other opportunities for teammates both around the rim and beyond the arc. Perhaps most importantly, the rookie guard only committed two turnovers, another key focus of his development this season as he continues to have the ball in his hands. 

The Jazz are back home Sunday to take on the Brooklyn Nets (6 p.m. MT, Jazz+) and you can click here to get tickets. 

Tags
Cody Williams
Drew Eubanks
Isaiah Collier
Svi Mykhailiuk
Utah Jazz
Related Articles
Shorthanded Utah Jazz Fall Against Phoenix Suns: Three Takeaways 
Jordan Clarkson Joins the Broadcast Booth: Five Things We Learned 
Utah Jazz Film Study: Finding the Big Man, Switching Defense, and More 
TICKETS
Salt Lake Summer League
Single Game Tickets
Season Tickets
Premium Seating
Ticket Offers
Group Tickets
Account Manager
ARENA
Know Before You Go
Jazz FAQ
Delta Center
SEG Privacy Policy
COMMUNITY
Jazz Dancers
Donation Request
Community Ticket Program
Jazz Youth
HISTORY
50 Seasons
All‑Time Players List
Milestones
FRONT OFFICE
Careers
Staff Directory
SHOP
Team Store
Jerseys
Mens
Womens
CONNECT
Copyright © 2025 NBA Media Ventures, LLC. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy|
Terms of Use|
Customer Support|
Accessibility and Closed Captions|
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Cookie Policy|
EEA/UK Privacy Statement|
Brazil Privacy Statement|
California Consumer Privacy Statement|
Colorado Consumer Privacy Statement

If you are having difficulty accessing any content on this website, please visit our Accessibility page.

NBA.com is part of Warner Media, LLC’s Turner Sports & Entertainment Digital Network
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nba.com/jazz/news/shorthanded-utah-jazz-fall-against-phoenix-suns-three-takeaways 
 ----- 
