Light
Home
News
Live Scores
Teams
Test Rugby
Club Rugby
Fixtures
Tables
Forum
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Home
Argentina
Argentina: Julian Montoya Joins Illustrious Los Pumas Club As Felipe Contepomi Beefs Up His Pack For Second Australia Test
Argentina: Julian Montoya joins illustrious Los Pumas club as Felipe Contepomi beefs up his pack for second Australia Test
Jared Wright
06 Sep 2024 7:08 AM

Julian Montoya will become the fourth Los Pumas player to reach 100 Test matches.

Argentina head coach Felipe Contepomi has made four changes to his Los Pumas matchday 23 for the second match against Australia.

Following the 19-20 defeat to the Wallabies in round three of the Rugby Championship, Contepomi has made key changes in the pack and an alternation at fly-half.

The rugby mastermind tasked with...
Borthwick: We've got so close to...
'I've got a new book deal!' | Jones...
George: Borthwick building very...
Is this a pivotal moment for Borthwick...
Gatland 'absolutely' set on doing what...
What next for Wales and Gatland?
Cowan-Dickie: England issues are mental...
Guess whose back? | Eddie Jones' best...
'Everyone expects them to win' |...
'I love it when it gets tough' |...
'No game is more personal' | Kolisi...
'Fair play to him' | Cipriani supports...
'Messages are clear' | Genge backing...
Alphonsi backs the Red Roses to bring...
Genge: People won't believe me, but...
Freeman: England keen to correct...
Schmidt: Ikitau was outstanding!
George: There's so much excitement in...
Borthwick: One of the big challenges...
What happened to England to concede 42...
Cole: I would like Marler to be here...
'We back Ford every day of the week' |...
The Verdict: England go toe-to-toe but...
<
>

The Pumas still have a slim chance of winning the tournament provided that the Springboks do not claim a bonus point victory over the All Blacks in Cape Town.

They will however need to bounce back against Australia this weekend with a bonus point victory of their own.

Argentina team v Australia

The clash in Santa Fe will see captain and hooker Julian Montoya become just the fourth Los Pumas player to notch up 100 Test caps for Argentina following in the footsteps of recently retired legend Agustin Creevy, fly-half Nicolas Sanchez and back-rower Pablo Matera.

It will also be the 37th time that Montoya skipper the team and he starts in an unchanged front row that includes loosehead prop Thomas Gallo and tighthead Joel Sclavi.

There is a significant change in the second row as the experienced pairing of Gudio Petti and Tomas Lavanini replaces Pedro Rubiolo and Franco Molina as the starting locks. Rubiolo misses the second clash against Australia due to a concussion while Molina drops down to the bench.

Argentina v Australia: James Slipper to equal George Gregan record as Joe Schmidt changes four for Santa Fe Test

Ad

Juan Martin Gonzalez, Marcos Kremer and Pablo Matera start in an unchanged loose trio while scrum-half Gonzalo Bertranou has a new halfback partner as Tomas Albornoz grabs the starting role after a stunning cameo off the bench in Buenos Aires.

Santiago Chocobares and Lucio Cinti retain their starting roles in the midfield while Bautista Delguy comes in for Santiago Cordero on the right wing. Juan Cruz Mallia is starting fullback once again with the brilliant Mateo Carreras on the left.

Who will win the second Test between Argentina and Australia?
Argentina
Australia


Creevy played his final game for Argentina last week as he hung up his Test boots and his void on the bench is filled by Ignacio Ruiz. Mayco Vivas and Eduardo Bello provide further front-row cover while Molina, Joaquin Oviedo and Santiago Grondona complete the six forwards named on the bench.

Lautaro Bazan Velez sustained a muscle strain last weekend and is replaced by Gonzalo Garcia as the replacement scrum-half with last week’s starting fly-half Santiago Carreras also included amongst the replacements.

READ MORE: Springboks v All Blacks preview: Rassie Erasmus’ men to ‘complete the double’ in ‘glorious humdinger’ edition of rugby’s greatest rivalry

Los Pumas v Wallabies

Argentina: 15 Juan Cruz Mallia, 14 Bautista Delguy, 13 Lucio Cinti, 12 Santiago Chocobares, 11 Mateo Carreras, 10 Tomas Albornoz, 9 Gonzalo Bertranou, 8 Juan Martin Gonzalez, 7 Marcos Kremer, 6 Pablo Matera, 5 Tomas Lavanini, 4 Gudio Petti, 3 Joel Sclavi, 2 Julian Montoya, 1 Thomas Gallo
Replacements: 16 Ignacio Ruiz, 17 Mayco Vivas, 18 Eduardo Bello, 19 Franco Molina, 20 Joaquin Oviedo, 21 Santiago Grondona, 22 Gonzalo Garcia, 23 Santiago Carreras
Date: Saturday, 7 September
Venue: Brigadier Estanislao Lopez Stadium, Santa Fe
Local kick-off: 16:00
GMT kick-off: 19:00
NZL kick-off: 7:00 (Sunday, 8 September)
AUS (AEST) kick-off: 5:00 (Sunday, 8 September)
RSA kick-off: 21:00
ARG kick-off: 16:00
Venue: Estadio Brigadier Estanislao Lopez, Santa Fé
Referee: Pierre Brousset (FFR)
Assistant Referees: Ben O’Keeffe (NZR), James Doleman (NZR)
TMO: Marius Jonker (SARU)

READ MORE: How the Springboks can win the Rugby Championship with two rounds to spare

Argentina
Felipe Contepomi
Guido Petti
Julian Montoya
Tomas Lavanini
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Dylan Coetzee
28 Nov 2024
State of the Nation: Felipe Contepomi’s Los Pumas ‘a giant in the making’, as ‘absolute baller’ Tomas Albornoz takes Test rugby by storm

Our state of the nation for Argentina.

Jared Wright
27 Nov 2024
Alternate World Rugby Awards: Rassie Erasmus takes top award as Springboks star beats Pieter-Steph du Toit and Portugal try steals the show

Planet Rugby writers have put their heads together and come up with their alternate winners.

Jared Wright
25 Nov 2024
World Rugby Awards: Winners and losers as Rassie Erasmus and ‘more fitting’ recipients are ‘robbed’ while ‘thoroughly deserving’ stars take top gongs

We pick out our winners and losers from the 2023 World Rugby Awards.

Louis Chapman Coombe
20 Nov 2024
Argentina team v France: Los Pumas get triple boost as powerhouse forward returns

Argentina boss Felipe Contepomi has been boosted by three key returnees this weekend.

Editor's Picks
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part two: 25-1
31 Dec 2024
39
Loose Pass ‘at a loss’ over ‘baffling’ weekend of officiating inconsistencies and its five wishes for 2025
31 Dec 2024
1
The 50 best rugby players of 2024, part one: 50-26
30 Dec 2024
8
Premiership Team of the Week: David Campese lauds ‘Lion in the making’ and player Wales should look at
30 Dec 2024
Ilona Maher ‘effect’ hailed by England legend who answers ‘million dollar question’ on USA superstar
30 Dec 2024
Test Rugby
Owen Farrell follows Siya Kolisi in ‘flop’ start to life at Racing 92 as he headlines top 10 list
4 hours ago
L’Equipe reveals SHOCK Team of the Year with DOUBLE the number of French stars than Springboks
4 hours ago
16
Rugby World Cup 2027 final venue confirmed after sporting mega city snub – report
6 hours ago
1
England to face Rugby Championship opponent in two-Test series at same time as British & Irish Lions series
6 hours ago
‘A lot of guys in my position would have shot themselves’ – Elton Jantjies provides honest assessment on ‘psychological’ issues
7 hours ago
Champions Cup
Sharks deliver update on extent of Andre Esterhuizen’s injury after ‘disgusting challenge’
01 Jan 2025
Springboks duo under injury cloud ahead of Sharks’ Champions Cup clash with Toulouse
30 Dec 2024
3
The Year in Numbers: Including Eben Etzebeth’s Springboks record, Antoine Dupont’s impressive trophy haul and more
28 Dec 2024
2
Planet Rugby’s Big Quiz of 2024 featuring the Springboks, Antoine Dupont and the Six Nations
28 Dec 2024
‘They kicked us out’ – SA Rugby chief concerned Champions Cup ‘criticism’ could lead to Super Rugby scenario
22 Dec 2024
36
Facts & Stats
Rassie Erasmus and Springboks left trailing in France’s wake by STAGGERING statistic
01 Jan 2025
6
Former Springbok breaks all-time Premiership record with Sale Sharks
01 Jan 2025
1
The jaw-dropping stats behind Sale Sharks’ ‘demolition’ of Bristol Bears, with England stars leading the way
28 Dec 2024
Springboks: 33 stats and facts from 2024 as Rassie Erasmus’ men enjoy record-breaking year
10 Dec 2024
All Blacks v Springboks: The Eden Park record Rassie Erasmus’ men will look to rectify as 50-game record is put on the line
10 Dec 2024
9
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
Planet Rugby Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.planetrugby.com/news/argentina-julian-montoya-joins-illustrious-los-pumas-club-as-felipe-contepomi-beefs-up-his-pack-for-second-australia-test 
 ----- 
