Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
Newcastle United
Failed Late Newcastle Summer Switch Given New Life, With Howe Readying Third Shot At Attacker
Newcastle United

Premier League • England

Official Club Website
www.nufc.co.uk
Overview
News
Fixtures
Results
Squad
Stats
Failed late Newcastle summer switch given new life, with Howe readying third shot at attacker
Ciaran McCarthy
06 Sep 2024 6:54 PM
1

Eddie Howe will make another attempt to bring Anthony Elanga to Newcastle

Newcastle will reportedly keep tabs on Anthony Elanga, with a view to signing him further down the line after multiple failed attempts to get him in the summer window.

Newcastle’s attempts to sign the Forest winger came late in the window. Had they managed to get Miguel Almiron out the door, they would have tried to replace him in good time.

'Certainly not looking to help other...
Ange: I hope Spurs and Solanke 'put on...
Merson: Arsenal need to break the bank...
Robins: I'm forever grateful for...
Gary Neville Podcast: I was excited by...
What is your team's manager looking for...
'Are Man Utd still in your top four,...
Debates, wind-ups, zorb footie! | Carra...
Amorim: Relegation battle is...
Lopetegui: West Ham are working to...
Why did Man Utd fan Littler do a Drogba...
'Are you serious?' | Neville and...
<
>

When that exit did not come, only on deadline day did the Magpies move for Elanga.

They bid an initial £35million, and saw that shot down by their Premier League rivals Nottingham Forest.

Fabrizio Romano suggested that all bids for Elanga would be turned down, and that was the case, with reports surfacing after the window closed which stated that Newcastle went back in with £50million, and that was also knocked back.

Magpies director Paul Mitchell has stressed that the club would not be made to overpay for any targets.

With Elanga having been directly involved in 20 Premier League goals in 78 games – though 14 came in 36 games last season – Newcastle seemingly felt that over the £50million figure would have been too much.

Ad

But while the attempts ended in the summer window, it’s believed they will surface again in the future.

DON’T MISS: The 10 most expensive transfers Newcastle United have made since Saudi owners PIF took charge

Newcastle to go back for Elanga

According to Football Insider, Newcastle remain determined to get the forward.

Indeed, it’s said they will closely monitor him this season, with a view to landing a deal ‘further down the line’.

That may not be that far, with the report stating that there is an expectation of the Magpies moving for Elanga either in January or next summer.

Whether that happens may well depend on moves at both clubs, but Anthony Gordon’s potential Newcastle exit will not be a required step towards a move for the Forest man.

Elanga to be offered step up

But Newcastle believe Elanga is ready to take a step up in his career.

At Forest, there is currently no potential of European football, whereas the Magpies played in the Champions League last season, and were only deprived of Europe last season given Manchester United won the FA Cup.

Elanga is yet to get off the mark in terms of goals or assists this term.

Ad

But it’s believed Newcastle will have competition for his signature when they next try to sign him.

READ MORE: The key contract details of every Newcastle United first-team player: Expiry dates, weekly wages, agents

Question 1
Bruno Guimaraes cost Newcastle £40m. Was the price they paid for Sven Botman higher or lower?
use 
hint
Higher
Lower

Newcastle United
Anthony Elanga
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Harry Watkinson
09 Sep 2024
Newcastle line up shock January bid for Serie A star as Anthony Elanga responds to Toon interest

Kieran Trippier was heavily linked with moves away from St James' Park this summer and Newcastle are scouring the market for potential replacements for the 33-year-old

Newcastle United
Anthony Elanga
Ciaran McCarthy
02 Sep 2024
Newcastle deadline day truths emerge as ‘hugely increased’ bid for former Man Utd man shot down

Reports suggested that a £35million bid had been rejected, but a much higher fee was then sent by the Magpies

Newcastle United
Anthony Elanga
Harry Watkinson
30 Aug 2024
Sources: ‘Big-money’ Newcastle move for Nott’m Forest star to trigger last-ditch Arsenal raid

Newcastle have been in the market for a right-winger this summer and the Nottingham Forest star's profile matches exactly what they are looking for, with a late move on the cards

Newcastle United
Reiss Nelson
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
22 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
23 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Barcelona weigh up blockbuster Chelsea raid as plan B if Dani Olmo registration fails
01 Jan 2025
Chelsea
Pundits
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Ruben Amorim has lost ‘trust’ of Man Utd man as pundit explains why ‘respect’ will never return
01 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Carragher declares Liverpool, Alexander-Arnold contract outcome after revealing what Real Madrid approach REALLY means
01 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/newcastle-united/failed-late-magpies-summer-switch-new-life-howe-readying-third-shot-attacker 
 ----- 
