23 
 Bangor
Skip to content

Bangor Daily News

Maine news, sports, politics, election results, and obituaries

Login Subscribe
Menu
POSTED IN
BOSTON RED SOX
7 ways the Red Sox can bring fans back in 2024
by Tribune Content Agency
September 27, 2023
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Fans wear ponchos Sunday as they look into the Boston Red Sox dugout during a rain delay of a baseball game against the Chicago White Sox in Boston. Credit: Steven Senne / AP

The Red Sox don’t have much to do this offseason.

JOIN BANGOR DAILY NEWS

SUBSCRIBE TO STAY IN THE KNOW!

PICK UP A SUBSCRIPTION FOR $1 A WEEK.

SUBSCRIBE NOW

ALREADY HAVE AN ACCOUNT? LOGIN HERE

reestablish themselves (again), a in hire the force legitimate the and overhaul Chaim replacement Bloom, a roster as

car and “all” It’s broken-down saying run like engine, is a a to bit new tires, a needs brakes.

make While should makeover, extreme also the fans Sox a priority. giving themselves themselves Red their to be what should re-endearing an

we’re declared, of February, care competitive, fanbase, “If any take of sunshine growing with stood president was its in and Kennedy team Florida relevance losing amidst Last interest.” that lack and the it’ll team the Sam CEO perception

even fans’ harder finish they their have now worth years, third away become to again. Days four and to relevant from last-place while work in

ranging season are get the that — serious after: seven to from can ways Sox come their Here silly and back every — Red next year fans to

1. Roof, roof, roof for the home team

It’s weather. a long bad been season of

end A fell second-highest month month, whopping and than of rainfall inches records the rain the 1872. averages over in a four), Boston than 20 July their Weather announced inches Boston weathered the less that of in total by National of since on three-month more 10.43 the Service period, (the began

now, a Red Statement. Sox doubleheaders, digits. rain with two watch, the for postponed four-game area By triple total weather had and be least multiple games the Flood Hurricane Watches, including may Local into four this week, during Yankees. warnings Tropical Fenway month’s The delays at That a of Storm and included series the turned hours

in up additional may agent retractable stadium added up. to cost oldest A top to of drainage staff in they run, the long the bubble clear, fancy to some the term, updating bags really America’s adds use of and Could field, those the short sop the be money fancy kind system, more pay setup but drying ballpark? all the

2. Bark in the park

Why at the their to “Bark least this throughout season, several affiliate open days Park” the minor league Several Triple-A dog-friendly Red their parent four-legged and in teams gates year. MLB friends WooSox, including games once? the who had have team Sox’s doesn’t

3. Empty the bank for Shohei Ohtani

every game, end career, pitch will an the ever-present he more The Ohtani sold-out be but probably won’t Boston to Ruth happen. of second obvious if the next the is Babe coming his in one at it the until team guaranteed Red way Sox injuries butts in a that seats, want of home all ancient most make 2024, and the Sure, those opener, and is Fenway concern thereafter. signs

4. Earlier starts

for so should but (Orioles) (Rays, things clock, experience. year this makes too children or want half-hour season faster difference. are a that draw 6:35 late ballpark teams Red p.m. and still thanks the 7:10 They local 6:40 Sox to this started p.m. who are the young consider full contests. get earlier pitch around time, just Twins) generation fans, the got Games to even to several starts visited in the of If they or some next

5. Expand concession options for the dietary-restricted

more with the of machines, disappeared used seem for 2017. vending The to desired Compared but and fully to be not stocked. leave professional one Kosher are burgers, those Sox Red richest concession meat after a sports, portobello to 40 and there markets hot organizations places than burgers have to but offer often restrictions. veggie options in Fenway, at ballpark they are lot dietary to The their two ballpark biggest dogs purchase

A’s, ranked veggie concessions in offer Even a by crumbling worst at the Oakland MLB Thrillist year, burger Coliseum. last the the

percent milk-substitute increasing the Americans States 14 sales 50,000 and 2021-22 a research the themselves industry: 1, meat-free percent environmental 6 making 1994 market, 1 diet, consider found January showed on meat-substitute younger of This country a Vegetarian foods percent the age in 50-64. by that plant-based the of were 7 more 2 following barely between survey market than vegetarian, percent percent only 2023. of of $3.6 focused more found 7 of vegetarian, between A Group of the 2022 their that department but of billion percent Research country’s consumers 18-39 poll and compared to animal spurring aged generations 40-49 A are welfare ages those billion United between $2.33 with and that and spring, Statista rapidly-growing impact. health-conscious, the adults

more plant-based ballpark Clearly, health-conscious, option hurt. the at wouldn’t even one

6. Lower ticket prices

decreasingly love? upcharged appealing Getting fans for what product. a Know

games total Red surpass at Sox last will likely year’s Fenway 2,625,089. that Reference 2,603,447. it’s of two of attendance As Monday, Baseball left, listed the With home

it in doubleheaders, suspensions, in should they one, sold worst daytime come of ensured ownership, due to postponements, out saw that have seats. number the first lackluster a not as victory the weather, listed, night attendance club since only word. the This sense record Endless under attendance may but delays, lowest If this have season, the didn’t halves Red games tickets showing. of is the the abysmal many that while which the turned Fenway’s loosest Sox with rain which a many better and into the 2022 The resulted the current as in spectators eke 2000. certainly asterisks. a two

the that filled the padded the hometown total The there used isn’t for visiting sales visitors of folk being the home felt second be breaking Astros tourist ticket visitors, often the enough like is been room crowd and to teams is, often, by crowd. such a Fenway it definition, than fans news. caveat didn’t Dodgers, has in filled Blue difference The there ballpark Jays, too the as attraction; oldest because more joint. and always ballpark; MLB’s exactly were

Sox each last-place their winter. they’ve prices about sell It’s have in last the The are four to ticket going raised third hard years. to to in yet seasons, three of this Red be finish

7. Go hard this offseason and be consistent about winning

Chris of Red headlined the Rafael a in franchise the game a Martin, gave and best been the one history the Last additions, mile by Sox made who’s in Devers by relievers few contract largest season. this strong winter,

more Zach They the agent highest-paid Eflin identical $40 from out free whom the Rays been they on three-year, such several also who Eflin, as Bay history. aggressive, could’ve with contract million free-agent His chose lost in Rays. targets an makes Tampa offer

pretty around, Eflin (182). highs with a the strikeouts innings starts a Sox those in to (30), 2/3), Which He’d by the that throwing in teams across arm most a to margin. pitched go one isn’t embarrassing enters all money Red ERA should Tuesday baseball. wide lose metrics, to and starting of cheapest lead only 3.44 of career-best it’s affordable, solid (172 rotation say in very that Boston’s career

their put Presumably, strings always it and Dave past Sox Boston whoever claim takes do several the will Bloom. then The to purse replaces back otherwise. on to years the spend contending big, but once knows, can with top, over Dombrowski everyone some and They the suggest what actions trying Ben (and inaction) to be fired Cherington instructed Red they’re win, economical spending. again him tightened requires let

and and/or the swing bill times Past now: tempting exactly from last doing several that will right same they pendulum desperately tax pennies to due, ship so it’ll back when trading talents. are the two comes luxury only Sox be they’ve the land over decades. raised the sunk pinching depths where But the generational right Red next suggests to trying the precedent to

heads, though.) they consistently home some to. still team certainly a worth (They turn would will don’t have prices watching While should, fielding lowering ticket ensure

Gabrielle Story Starr, Boston Herald. by

More articles from the BDN
Red Sox acquire All-Star left-hander Garrett Crochet
Boston Red Sox snag World Series pitcher Walker Buehler with 1-year, $21M contract
Fans share their memories of Stephen King’s Zone Radio stations
Ads by RevContent
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Post navigation
Previous
The best places in Penobscot and Piscataquis to go leaf-peeping
Next
Here’s where foliage is getting ready to peak in Maine
MOST READ
Bangor residents aren’t allowing tax inspectors into their homes
Maine’s marine resources chief has profane exchange with lobstermen
5 ski-area homes for sale in western Maine
An endangered rabbit species is on the rise in parts of Maine
This Maine store has sold the most Twisted Teas in the state for 5 years in a row
Owner may demolish parts of Bangor Mall in coming years
Janet Mills proposes tobacco tax hike and health spending cuts to fill budget gap
Upcoming Events
Thu, Jan 23 @5:30pm   Sponsored
Artist Toolbox | Studio Practice
Center for Maine Contemporary Art

Rockland, ME mi
Fri, Jan 24 @1:00pm   Sponsored
Bailey Cinemates Film Club
Bailey Public Library

Winthrop, ME mi
Wed, Jan 29 @4:00pm   Sponsored
PUZZLE PARTY!
Readfield Community Library

Readfield, ME mi
Thu, Jan 23 @5:30pm   Sponsored
Artist Toolbox | Studio Practice
Center for Maine Contemporary Art

Rockland, ME mi
Fri, Jan 24 @1:00pm   Sponsored
Bailey Cinemates Film Club
Bailey Public Library

Winthrop, ME mi
Wed, Jan 29 @4:00pm   Sponsored
PUZZLE PARTY!
Readfield Community Library

Readfield, ME mi
Thu, Jan 23 @5:30pm   Sponsored
Artist Toolbox | Studio Practice
Center for Maine Contemporary Art

Rockland, ME mi
Fri, Jan 24 @1:00pm   Sponsored
Bailey Cinemates Film Club
Bailey Public Library

Winthrop, ME mi
Wed, Jan 29 @4:00pm   Sponsored
PUZZLE PARTY!
Readfield Community Library

Readfield, ME mi
Item 3 of 3
Sat, Jan 11
UAlbany Great Danes at Maine Black Bears Mens Basketball
The Pit at Memorial Gym
Sat, Jan 11 @9:00am
Oasis Food Pantry
Hampden, ME
Sat, Jan 11 @4:00pm
Harvard Crimson at Maine Black Bears Womens Hockey
Harold Alfond Sports Arena
Sat, Jan 11 @4:00pm
1/11 4:00 PM Harvard University Women's Ice Hockey at Maine
Orono, ME
Sat, Jan 11 @7:00pm
No Quarter
Cross Insurance Center
Sat, Jan 11 @8:00pm
Ian Stuart LIVE COMEDY
Nocturnem Draft Haus
Mon, Jan 13 @5:30pm
Ellsworth | Connect. Explore. Grow. | A New Member Sign-up Event
Ellsworth Elementary Middle School
Mon, Jan 13 @5:30pm
Corinth | Connect. Explore. Grow. | A New Member Sign-up Event
Central Community Elementary School
Tue, Jan 14 @9:00am
ServSafe® Food Protection Manager Course and Exam, January 14, 2025
University of Maine Cooperative Extension
Tue, Jan 14 @11:00am
Dreamer To Achiever: An Entrepreneur's Guide to Getting Started!
Virtual Via Google Meet
Wed, Jan 15 @9:30am
Neighborhood Food Cupboard
Hampden, ME
Wed, Jan 15 @2:00pm
Tech Tutoring
Bangor Public Library
See All Events
Add Your Event
Subscribe To Digital
Subscribe To Print
Donate
Manage Print Subscription
Manage Digital Subscription
Reader Resources
Newsletters
Support our mission
Staff Directory
About Us
Contact us
Sitemap
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
BDN Store
Services
Public Notices
Classifieds
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Coupons & Deals
Photo & Video Store
Advertise with us
Pulse Marketing Agency
Creative Guide
Special Sections Archive
© 2025 Bangor Publishing Company
Powered by Newspack
Privacy Policy
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.bangordailynews.com/2023/09/27/sports/boston-red-sox/red-sox-fans-2024/ 
 ----- 
