MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Brayan Bello blossomed coming out of Red Sox minors. Is Wikelman Gonzalez next?
By Chad Jennings
Sep 27, 2023

34

BOSTON — There is little question the Boston Red Sox farm system has improved over the past four years. But whether that’s a seismic shift or simply a product of improved draft positioning may hinge on whether they have another Brayan Bello or Kutter Crawford in the pipeline.

Position players have long been a developmental strength for the organization. From Xander Bogaerts to Mookie Betts, and Rafael Devers to Triston Casas, the Red Sox have consistently graduated big-league hitters in recent years, and their farm system remains hitter-heavy at the top.

But to really believe in the system is to believe the Red Sox have made meaningful strides in the acquisition and development of starting pitchers. Bello may be the team’s best homegrown starter since Clay Buchholz (if not since Jon Lester), and Crawford has pitched well in 22 starts this season. Are those two outliers, or a sign of things to come?

“For us, it’s consistency,” farm director Brian Abraham said. “Year in and year out, being able to provide multiple arms that can impact the big-league team, not only out of the bullpen, but in the rotation. Just year in and year out expecting the progress, expecting the development, expecting the guys to be able to get outs at the upper levels is something that we look to positively. But (we) also realize we’re not there yet, and we have a long way to go.”

Before Tuesday’s 9-7 loss to the Rays, the Red Sox honored their minor league award winners for this season. Position Player of the Year Roman Anthony was the headliner, and big league call-ups Ceddanne Rafaela and David Hamilton were recognized for their base running and defense, but Starting Pitcher of the Year Wikelman Gonzalez stood out for his potential to be — or not to be — the organization’s next impactful homegrown starter.

The question is, is he more like Bello — who won the award in 2021 and 2022 — or is he more like the four recipients before Bello: Thaddeus Ward, Denyi Reyes, Jalen Beeks and Roniel Raudes, who have 23 big league starts combined, only three of which have lasted more than four innings.

“I have a great relationship with (Bello),” Gonzalez said. “I always try to watch his outings. I’ve spent a lot of time with him talking, and for me to have somebody coming from the (Red Sox’s academy in the Dominican Republic) all the way here, it gives me extra motivation because I know that I can do the same.”

Gonzalez, 21, reached Double A this season and thrived with a 2.42 ERA through 10 starts. Despite a slow start to the season in A ball, he finished tied for the fifth-most strikeouts in all of minor-league baseball with 168. A powerful fastball is the best of his four pitches, and he’s likely to be added to the 40-man roster this offseason.

But even Baseball America — which is generally bullish on the Red Sox farm system, ranking it fifth-best in the game — has noted the potential for Gonzalez’s control issues to force him into the bullpen eventually.

“Gonzalez has mid-rotation upside if he can throw enough strikes to get there,” the magazine wrote heading into this season.

Gonzalez’s command did improve this season. In his first eight starts — against A-ball hitters who tend to swing aggressively — he walked 28 batters in 26 2/3 innings, and opponents had a .400 on-base percentage against him. But from May 27 through the end of the season, Gonzalez threw another 84 2/3 innings with 42 walks and a .282 opponents’ on-base percentage. He basically maintained that performance through a mid-July promotion to Double A.

“I remember April was very tough for me,” Gonzalez said. “But I changed some things in my routine to help me be successful throughout the year. … I think everything comes back to having a good routine and throwing program and being in a good mental state to be able to execute my gameplan.”

In his last four Double-A starts, Gonzalez went 19 innings with three earned runs, nine walks and 22 strikeouts.

“I know it’s a little bit cliché,” Abraham said. “But just having confidence in his stuff, having the confidence to get outs in the strike zone, I think really went a long way for him and let him know how good his stuff really was.”

If Gonzalez really has big-league starter upside, it would provide at least a little bit of balance to a system that otherwise tilts heavily to the position-player side.

Missing the playoffs in two of the past three seasons let the Red Sox draft shortstop Marcelo Mayer fourth overall in 2021 and catcher Kyle Teel 14th overall this summer. Those two now rank as two of the top prospects in the organization if not in all of baseball. Anthony, a second-round pick in 2022, had a breakout season that has him ranked No. 19 on Baseball America’s updated Top 100 list and No. 45 on Keith Law’s latest Top 60. Rafaela and Miguel Bleis have also generated Top 100 attention, and the team’s draft and international focus on up-the-middle athletes has Red Sox’s minor-league system heavy on center fielders and middle infielders. Casas, Rafaela, Jarren Duran, Connor Wong and Wilyer Abreu could be young but important pieces of the big league lineup next season and beyond.

There is enough positional talent to boost the Red Sox’s system from where it was in 2019 (when FanGraphs ranked it the worst in baseball) to today (when FanGraphs has it ranked third).

But the system lacks an elite standout on the mound. Gonzalez and 20-year-old Luis Perales are two of the emerging names, while Shane Drohan went from a breakout stint in Double A to an underwhelming second half in Triple A. Other lower-level pitchers are making some noise — Yordanny Monegro in Greenville, for example — but big-league swingman Brandon Walter is the only other pitching prospect to rank top 20 in the system according to either Baseball America or SoxProspects.com.

But the Red Sox are encouraged by what they see as meaningful improvements in terms of both process and impact.

Bello made significant strides in recent years, going from overlooked prospect (he ranked No. 20 in the system as recently as 2021) to the team’s best starting pitcher this season. Crawford also emerged from obscurity to pitch well in 22 big-league starts this season. Former first-round pick Tanner Houck made 20 starts (though his results were less consistent), and Walter and Chris Murphy came up from the minors as useful long relievers. The Red Sox feel that Bello, Crawford and Walter are indicative of an improved ability to recognize and teach the skills necessary to start in the big leagues.

“Our staff and us on the player development side understand that we’re going to keep pushing,” Abraham said. “Keep asking our guys to look for more, look for better ways to improve for that success to come on an annual basis.”

Bello was the organization’s minor league Starter of the Year after making 15 Double-A starts in 2021, and he made his big-league debut less than a year later. Can Gonzalez follow in those footsteps?

“I think whenever the time comes,” he said, “I’m going to be ready.”

(Top photo of Bello: Quinn Harris / Getty Images)

Chad Jennings is a staff writer for The Athletic covering the Boston Red Sox and Major League Baseball. He was on the Red Sox beat previously for the Boston Herald, and before moving to Boston, he covered the New York Yankees for The Journal News and contributed regularly to USA Today. Follow Chad on Twitter @chadjennings22

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Tickets by Viagogo
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Manage Privacy Preferences
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/4903561/2023/09/27/wikelman-gonzalez-next-brayan-bello/ 
 ----- 
