Skip links
Skip to Content
LIVE
Sign up
Enrich your Al Jazeera experience by signing in or creating an account.
Sport
|
ICC Cricket World Cup
Afghanistan beat England by 69 runs in shock ICC Cricket World Cup win

Afghanistan bowled out defending champions England for 215 to win by 69 runs in the first major upset of the ICC Cricket World Cup.

Afghanistan's Rashid Khan celebrates after taking the wicket of England's Liam Livingstone [Anushree Fadnavis/Reuters]
Published On 15 Oct 2023
15 Oct 2023

Save articles to read later and create your own reading list.

Afghanistan produced the first shock of the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 when they beat defending champions England by 69 runs on Sunday at the Arun Jaitley Stadium in New Delhi.

Holders England crumbled for 215 runs in front of Afghanistan’s trio of spinners after winning the toss and asking Afghanistan to bat first.

KEEP READING
list of 4 items
list 1 of 4
England look to spoil ‘under pressure’ India’s Cricket World Cup party
list 2 of 4
Stars, shocks and tragedies: The history of the ICC Cricket World Cup
list 3 of 4
ICC Cricket World Cup 2023: Fixtures and full match schedule
list 4 of 4
What you need to know about the Cricket World Cup stadiums
end of list

The underdogs set England a target of 285 runs, thanks to a blistering knock of 80 runs off 57 balls from opener Rahmanullah Gurbaz and a half-century from wicketkeeper Ikram Alikhil.

Gurbaz brought up his fifty rapidly, but they lost wickets as leg-spinner Adil Rashid (3-42) dismissed Zadran and had Rahmat Shah stumped in his next over.

Gurbaz looked well set for a World Cup century having smashed eight fours and four sixes, but the 21-year-old was run out by substitute David Willey at midwicket when skipper Hashmatullah Shahidi called him for a risky run.

Gurbaz was livid as he trudged off, smashing his bat on the boundary rope on his way back to the pavilion.

Sign up for Al Jazeera
Weekly Newsletter
The latest news from around the world. Timely. Accurate. Fair.
Subscribe
Please check your email to confirm your subscription
By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
protected by reCAPTCHA

Spinners Rashid Khan (23) and Mujeeb Ur Rahman (28) contributed in a lower-order flourish that saw Afghanistan put up a competitive total and allow their bowlers to go all-out against the England batters.

Advertisement

Boasting a powerful batting lineup, England were handed an early loss when left-arm pacer Fazalhaq Farooqi dismissed opener Jonny Bairstow in the second over.

From then on, Afghanistan’s spinners took over as off spinner Mujeeb Ur Rahman bowled out Joe Root for 11 runs and Mohammad Nabi dismissed Dawid Malan for 32.

England captain Jos Buttler was dimissed for nine runs by pace bowler Naveen-ul-Haq.

Star leg spinner Rashid Khan added to England’s woes by dismissing Liam Livingstone and Adil Rashid.

Harry Brook put up a resistance with his 66-run innings, but fell to Mujeeb Ur Rahman in the 35th over to send England reeling at 169-8.

Mujeeb he picked up the player of the match award.

“Very proud moment to be here in the World Cup and beating the champions, it’s a great achievement for the whole region. I’m so happy with this performance,” Mujeeb said.

“As spinners it’s hard to bowl in the powerplay, but I’ve been working in the nets to be as consistent as possible… We knew dew would be a factor.”

Rashid said he hoped the victory would put a smile on the faces of people back in Afghanistan, where multiple earthquakes have killed around 1,000 and injured over 2,000.

England lost the tournament’s opening match against New Zealand by nine wickets, but beat Bangladesh by 137 runs. Their captain Buttler said it was “a tough loss to take” but congratulated Afghanistan.

Advertisement

“They outplayed us today. We were not at the level we wanted to be with the ball and the bat,” Buttler said.

“Afghanistan have a really skilful attack… They put us under a lot of pressure.”

England are fifth in the group standings with one win from three matches, one place ahead of Afghanistan.

Afghanistan suffered heavy losses in both their matches, as they lost to Bangladesh by six wickets and then to hosts India by eight wickets.

Afghanistan came into the match having lost 16 of their last 17 World Cup games, their only victory coming against Scotland in 2015.

SOURCE: NEWS AGENCIES
About
About Us
Code of Ethics
Terms and Conditions
EU/EEA Regulatory Notice
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Sitemap
Work for us
Connect
Contact Us
User Accounts Help
Advertise with us
Apps
Newsletters
Channel Finder
TV Schedule
Podcasts
Submit a Tip
Our Channels
Al Jazeera Arabic
Al Jazeera English
Al Jazeera Investigative Unit
Al Jazeera Mubasher
Al Jazeera Documentary
Al Jazeera Balkans
AJ+
Our Network
Al Jazeera Centre for Studies
Al Jazeera Media Institute
Learn Arabic
Al Jazeera Centre for Public Liberties & Human Rights
Al Jazeera Forum
Al Jazeera Hotel Partners

Follow Al Jazeera English:

© 2025 Al Jazeera Media Network
You rely on Al Jazeera for truth and transparency
We and our 874 partners store and access personal data, like browsing data or unique identifiers, on your device. Selecting Allow all enables tracking technologies to support the purposes shown under we and our partners process data to provide. Selecting Reject all or withdrawing your consent will disable them. If trackers are disabled, some content and ads you see may not be as relevant to you. You can resurface this menu to change your choices or withdraw consent at any time by clicking the Manage preferences link on the bottom of the webpage .Your choices will have effect within our Website. For more details, refer to our Privacy Policy.To learn more, please view our Cookie Policy.
We and our partners process data to provide:

Use precise geolocation data. Actively scan device characteristics for identification. Store and/or access information on a device. Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development.
List of Partners (vendors)

Allow all
Reject all
Manage preferences
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.aljazeera.com/sports/2023/10/15/afghanistan-beat-england-by-70-runs-in-shock-icc-cricket-world-cup-win 
 ----- 
