Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Charles Lee discusses the Hornets' loss to Miami, examines turnover issues
Charlotte Hornets head coach Charles Lee met with the media following Saturday's defeat.
Schuyler Callihan | Oct 27, 2024
Nell Redmond-Imagn Images
In this story:
Charlotte Hornets

The Charlotte Hornets fell short to the Miami Heat in the home opener Saturday night by a 114-106 score. Following the game, head coach Charles Lee detailed what went wrong in the loss and offered an evaluation of rookie Tidjane Salaün and himself.

If the Heat’s physicality played a difference

“A little bit. I think that it takes a little bit of time sometimes to get your footing on the second night of a back-to-back. We just played the Hawks and they guard you one way, and now you’ve got to figure out the coverages versus a different team. I think it just takes a little bit of time to figure out what that defensive scheme looks like on the other side. Once we did, we found the right angles to be able to attack in terms of attacking some of their lesser defenders and putting them in situations that were a little more difficult and helped us get some drive and kick opportunities.”

Turnovers still an issue

“A little forced, a little unforced. We were just talking about transition. Can we execute a little bit better in terms of not being loose with the ball, careless with some of our passes. Obviously a couple of those turnovers are sideline out-of-bounds, five-second violations too. So there’s some valuing of possessions, valuing of the ball, executing a bit at a higher level that needs to happen going forward.”

Tidjane Salaün’s first NBA game

"His first stretch, he definitely looked like that was his first NBA action, Lee said. "But from an energy & effort standpoint, it was really high. We don't need him to be shy in any facet of the game, Lee added. "We need his fearlessness and his competitiveness."

Doing well on the glass

“It’s a huge emphasis of ours, offensive rebounding. We’ve talked about in the past just trying to win that shot margin, and the way to do that is to get extra possessions and to get more shots up. I think our guys have been relentless offensive rebounders. The nights you’re not shooting it great, it helps us stay in the game.”

Grading himself as a coach after three games

“Average. I think that I keep learning about myself every game. I tell the guys I’m not perfect either, so I have to continue to get better. I think I’m getting better in a lot of different ways My staff has been absolutely phenomenal in terms of communicating and helping me organize my thoughts or messaging to the players or to the team. So, average. But I’m going to get better, and check in with me at the end of the year.”

The Hornets will have the next couple of days off before returning to action on Wednesday night against the Toronto Raptors.

MORE STORIES FROM HORNETS ON SI

Charles Lee evaluates Tidjane Salaün's official rookie debut

Simulated results of the Charlotte Hornets' upcoming season on NBA 2K25

Vasilije Micic praises Tre Mann, sees bright future for the Hornets

Why Didn't Tre Mann Receive an Extension?

Published Oct 27, 2024
SCHUYLER CALLIHAN

schuylercallihan(at)gmail.com  Twitter:@Callihan_ Schuyler Callihan is the lead publisher of Mountaineers Now, All Panthers, and All Hornets on FanNation/Sports Illustrated. He took over publishing duties of All Panthers in 2020 and wanted to expand his professional coverage in the Queen City by running the operations at All Hornets. Schuyler attended Bethany College in Bethany, West Virginia before finishing up his schooling at Alamance Community College in Graham, North Carolina. The Wheeling, West Virginia native made the move to North Carolina in 2015 and has been in Charlotte since 2021.

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hornets/news/charles-lee-discusses-the-hornets-loss-to-miami-examines-turnover-issues 
 ----- 
