Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Charles Lee evaluates Tidjane Salaün's official rookie debut
Charlotte Hornets rookie Tidjane Salaün made his NBA debut last night, but the team fell to the Miami Heat.
Ali Jawad | Oct 27, 2024
Nell Redmond-Imagn Images
In this story:
Charlotte Hornets

The Charlotte Hornets fell to the Miami Heat 114-106 in their home opener, marking their second consecutive defeat. This loss brought the Hornets' record to 1-2 early in the season.

Charlotte was led by LaMelo Ball, who scored a team-high 27 points, and the entire starting five contributed double digits in scoring.

After overcoming a 14-point deficit and narrowing the lead to just three points in the final two minutes, the Heat triumphed with two crucial three-pointers from Tyler Hero and former Hornet Terry Rozier.

Nell Redmond-Imagn Images

The biggest story for the Hornets last night was the NBA debut of rookie forward Tidjane Salaün, the team's first-round pick from the 2024 NBA Draft. The French player, recognized for his athleticism and defensive skills, had limited playing time in his first NBA game.

Salaün finished the night with 0 points, 1 rebound, and 1 steal in nine minutes of play and attempted just one shot during his brief appearance.

Despite the underwhelming performance, Hornets head coach Charles Lee expressed optimism about Salaün's future.

"His first stretch, he definitely looked like that was his first NBA action, Lee said. "But from an energy & effort standpoint, it was really high."

Lee emphasized the need for Salaün to play with confidence and aggression.

"We don't need him to be shy in any facet of the game, Lee added. "We need his fearlessness and his competitiveness."

As Salaün continues to adjust to the NBA game, the Hornets will look to him to provide energy, defense, and athleticism off the bench.

Next for the Hornets is the Toronto Raptors at the Spectrum Center on Wednesday night at 7 PM EST.

MORE STORIES FROM HORNETS ON SI

Simulated results of the Charlotte Hornets' upcoming season on NBA 2K25

Vasilije Micic praises Tre Mann, sees bright future for the Hornets

Why Didn't Tre Mann Receive an Extension?

Hornets mock trade: B/R proposal sends Western Conference star to Charlotte

Published Oct 27, 2024
ALI JAWAD

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/hornets/news/charles-lee-evaluates-tidjane-salaun-official-rookie-debut 
 ----- 
