MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Gilgeous-Alexander, Holmgren lead Thunder to easy win over Bulls, 114-95
Published Oct. 26, 2024 10:37 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

CHICAGO (AP) — Shai Gilgeous-Alexander scored 23 points, Chet Holmgren added 21 points and a career-high 16 rebounds, and the Oklahoma City Thunder pounded Chicago 114-95 in the Bulls’ home opener on Saturday.

Jalen Williams added 24 points, nine rebounds and eight assists.

Zach LaVine had 22 points and nine rebounds for Chicago. Nikola Vucevic added 18 points and 13 rebounds.

Josh Giddey finished with 14 points and seven rebounds in his first game against the Thunder since an offseason trade to Chicago for Alex Caruso. Oklahoma City granted his request to be dealt after his role in the playoffs was reduced.

ADVERTISEMENT
To learn more visit this link

Caruso, a popular player during his three seasons with the Bulls, got a standing ovation and waved to the crowd during an early timeout. He checked into the game late in the first quarter and finished with three points in 22 minutes.

Takeaways

Thunder: The Thunder are looking good through two games, after earning the No. 1 seed in the Western Conference last year. There was no letdown against Chicago after beating the Nuggets 102-87 in an important game to start the season. Oklahoma City and Denver both finished 57-25 last season, with the Thunder earning the No. 1 seed in the Western Conference by virtue of a tiebreaker.

Bulls: Chicago never found a rhythm after rolling past Giannis Antetokounmpo and the Bucks in Milwaukee on Friday. The Bulls shot 34.8% overall and made just 15 of 53 3-pointers.

Key moment
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You In 2025
Enter your ZIP code on this website and share a couple of details about the current state of your roof.
HomeBuddy|Sponsored
Georgia head coach Kirby Smart's father dies after New Orleans fall
Kirby Smart’s father, Sonny, died Saturday of complications from hip surgery after falling in New Orleans ahead of the Sugar Bowl.
Find the Best Fitting Cowboy Boots For Your Lifestyle
Ariat|Sponsored
'I already died': JJ Redick isn't fazed by Charles Barkley — or anyone — doubting the Lakers
Lakers coach JJ Redick opens up about how he handles having one of the most precarious jobs in the league.
2024 CFP action report: Ohio State's 'impressive' play causing lines to shift
The CFP semifinal matchups are set. Patrick Everson has the scoop on how Ohio State's riveting performances is causing a conundrum for bettors.

The Thunder ended the first half on a 22-3 run and took a 59-39 lead to the locker room.

Key stat

The Bulls cooled off in a big way from 3-point range after making 21 of 47 against Milwaukee. Coby White, coming off a 35-point outing, was 0 for 9 from beyond the arc.

Up next

The Thunder host Atlanta on Sunday, and the Bulls visit Memphis on Monday. ___

AP NBA: https://apnews.com/hub/nba

SHARE
NEXT TRENDING
Lakers coach JJ Redick loses home to Palisades Fire in Los Angeles
Best landing spots for Phoenix Suns star Bradley Beal
2025 NBA All-Star Voting: Leaders, results, rosters, how does it work?
VIEW MORE
IN THIS TOPIC
Oklahoma City Thunder
National Basketball Association
Alex Caruso
Josh Giddey
Nikola Vucevic
Zach LaVine
Shai Gilgeous-Alexander
Chicago Bulls
Oklahoma City Thunder
NBA - Oklahoma City Thunder vs. Chicago Bulls - 10/27/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2025 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2025 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/nba/gilgeousalexander-holmgren-lead-thunder-to-easy-win-over-bulls-11495 
 ----- 
