Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Kawhi Leonard’s Performance in Hawks-Clippers Goes Viral
LA Clippers superstar Kawhi Leonard made his season debut against the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday.
Logan Struck | Jan 5, 2025
Jan 4, 2025; Inglewood, California, USA; Los Angeles Clippers forward Kawhi Leonard (2) controls the ball against Atlanta Hawks guard Trae Young (11) during the first quarter at Intuit Dome. Mandatory Credit: Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images / Kiyoshi Mio-Imagn Images
In this story:
Atlanta Hawks
Los Angeles Clippers

It has been just over nine months since LA Clippers fans have seen Kawhi Leonard play in a regular season game, but the wait for his return is finally over. After missing the first 34 games of the 2024-25 season, Leonard made his debut for LA's second game of 2025, as they host the Atlanta Hawks on Saturday night.

Through 34 games without Leonard, the Clippers have a 19-15 record and are sitting in seventh place in the West, as fans have only been able to imagine what this team is capable of with their superstar forward in the lineup.

The Clippers showed exactly what the fans were hoping for with Leonard back, bolting to a 20-point halftime lead as they cruise to a much-needed victory after losing their last two games.

Leonard has not shown out in his NBA debut, but after not touching a live basketball court since April 2024, his expectations could not have been too high.

For his first bucket of the season, Leonard sized up against Hawks standout rookie Zaccharie Risacher and drilled a three-pointer right in the face of the 2024 first-overall pick.

With the entire league excited to see Kawhi in action again, many top NBA pages reposted his first basket of the season to welcome him back.

Via NBA: "WELCOME BACK, KAWHI LEONARD."

Via Bleacher Report: "THE BEARD [TO] KAWHI FOR HIS FIRST BUCKET OF THE SEASON"

Via SportsCenter: "Welcome back, Kawhi Leonard"

Leonard ended his night with 12 points on 4-11 shooting in just 19 minutes as the Clippers eased him back into action. With much of the 2024-25 season still left to play, Leonard has plenty of time to make a difference and raise the ceiling for this LA squad.

Related Articles

Ex-NBA Star Calls Out Drake for DeMar DeRozan Comments

Patrick Beverley Makes Statement on Possible NBA Comeback

Shai Gilgeous-Alexander Makes Honest Statement on Clippers-Thunder Trade

Published Jan 5, 2025
LOGAN STRUCK

Logan Struck is a writer covering the NBA for Sports Illustrated's On SI since 2023

Follow LoganStruck

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/clippers/news/kawhi-leonard-performance-in-hawks-clippers-goes-viral-01jgten08qdx 
 ----- 
