Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Raptors' Former Lottery Pick Finding his NBA Footing
Toronto guard Gradey Dick is beginning to find his rhythm in the NBA.
Derek Parker | Oct 27, 2024
Oct 26, 2024; Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA; Toronto Raptors guard Gradey Dick (1) drives to the basket past Minnesota Timberwolves forward Julius Randle (30) in the first half at Target Center. Mandatory Credit: Jesse Johnson-Imagn Images / Jesse Johnson-Imagn Images
In this story:
Toronto Raptors
Minnesota Timberwolves

Drafted at No. 13 in the 2023 NBA Draft, former Kansas wing Gradey Dick saw a turbulent first season in the NBA.

In his first 14-game span before seeing G League time, he averaged just 4.0 points on 27% shooting, looking far from the threat he did with the Jayhawks. Time with the Raptors 905 squad did him some obvious good, though, and he ended his debut season averaging 12.5 points on 41% shooting in 21 games.

Now, the 6-foot-7 wing seems to truly be finding his NBA footing.

In the Raptors loss to the Timberwolves on Saturday, Dick was the star of the show for Toronto, scoring a team-high 25 points in the starting lineup on 9-for-16 shooting overall and 4-for-9 3-point shooting. Additionally, he added two assists, one rebound and one steal.

But it wasn’t his first good performance of the brand-new season.

Through three games, Dick is now averaging 16.3 points, 1.3 rebounds and 1.0 assists while shooting 45% overall and 37% from beyond the arc.

His statistical leap would be a massive benefit to Toronto, who is still in search of longterm prospects to add next to star Scottie Barnes for the foreseeable future.

Dick becoming a true member of the team's core is pivotal to the Rapors, who likely don't want to spend the 2025 NBA Draft cycle searching for more off-ball scoring with so many franchise talents near the top.

Want to join the discussion? Like Draft Digest on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest NBA Draft news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Oct 27, 2024
DEREK PARKER

Derek is co-founder and publisher for Draft Digest and Inside The Thunder for Fan Nation, powered by Sports Illustrated. He has been a sports writer in the Oklahoma City market for five years now, primarily covering the NBA Draft and the Oklahoma City Thunder.

Follow DParkOK

Home
/
Newsfeed
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/draft/newsfeed/toronto-raptors-gradey-dick-former-lottery-pick-minnesota-timberwolves 
 ----- 
