Basketball
NFL
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
WNBA
LOG IN
Basketball
NBA Home
NBA Draft Simulator
Teams
Schedule
Standings
Trade Rumors
Top NBA Queries
WNBA
Draft
More
Basketball
LeBron James
LeBron James stats tonight: How did Lakers superstar fare in first back-to-back vs Kings? (Oct. 26)
LeBron James stats tonight: How did Lakers superstar fare in first back-to-back vs Kings? (Oct. 26)
By
Itiel Estudillo
Modified Oct 27, 2024 05:13 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
LeBron James stats tonight (Image Source: IMAGN)

LeBron James and the LA Lakers went up against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday. The Purple and Gold headed to the game with all momentum on their side after toppling the Minnesota Timberwolves and Phoenix Suns in their first two games.

"The King" notched his first triple-double of the season with 32 points, 14 rebounds and 10 assists. The LA Lakers kept their winning streak alive as they defeated the Sacramento Kings 131-127.

PLAYER	MIN	PTS	REB	AST	FGM	FGA	FG%	3PM	3PA	3P%	FTM	FTA	FT%	OREB	DREB	STL	BLK	TO	PF	=+/-
LeBron James	33:46	32	14	10	12	22	54.5	4	9	44.4	4	4	100	0	14	0	1	5	3	13
Trending

Looking at LeBron's performance, he had a slow start, scoring four points in the first quarter. Most of James' contributions came from inside the paint, where he secured five rebounds. Fortunately, Anthony Davis' scoring efforts helped the Lakers secure a two-point lead at the end of the first quarter.

Explore the NBA Draft 2024 with our free NBA Mock Draft Simulator & be the GM of your favorite NBA team.

In the second quarter, James found his rhythm on offense and added six more points. He nearly notched a double-double with 10 total points and eight rebounds in the first half.

In the third quarter, LeBron James added six more points to his total score as the Kings rallied to take a lead 94-87 lead.

However, James found his rhythm late and scored an astounding 16 fourth-quarter points to dispose of the Kings.

Up next for the Lakers are the Phoenix Suns on Monday. The Suns, featuring the star trio of Kevin Durant, Devin Booker and Bradley Beal, will look to get back at the Lakers after losing to them on Friday.

Lakers vs Kings recap: LeBron James and Anthony Davis' big games steer LA to 3-0 start

The LA Lakers kept their winning streak alive as they overcame the Sacramento Kings on Saturday, improving to 3-0 on the season. LeBron James and Anthony Davis had 30 points apiece in the big win.

James overcame a slow start and came alive in the fourth quarter, notching a season-high 32 points. Anthony Davis notched his third-straight 30-point game, finishing with 31.

The LA crowd chanted “MVP” whenever “AD” had the ball in the Lakers' first three games.

Given the way he has been playing so far, the possibility of him leading the early MVP rankings is not farfetched.

Sacramento Kings Nation! You can check out the latest Sacramento Kings Schedule and dive into the Kings Depth Chart for NBA Season 2024-25.

Quick Links

NBA Sacramento Kings Los Angeles Lakers LeBron James NBA Stats NBA Google Trends
Edited by John Ezekiel Hirro
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/basketball/news-lebron-james-stats-tonight-how-lakers-superstar-fare-first-back-to-back-vs-kings-oct-26 
 ----- 
