NEWSLETTERS
NBA News
Home
Teams
Quizzes
Watch
Newsletter
Oct 23, 2024; Miami, Florida, USA; Miami Heat president Pat Riley addresses the crowd during the Pat Riley Court dedication ceremony at halftime at Kaseya Center. Mandatory Credit: Jim Rassol-Imagn Images Jim Rassol-Imagn Images
Miami Heat Blown Out In Season-Opening Loss To Orlando Magic
Originally posted on Miami Heat on SI
By Shandel Richardson  |  Last updated Oct 23, 2024 10:27 PM ET

The night began as a celebration for Miami Heat team president Pat Riley.

It ended with an ugly loss to the Orlando Magic in the season opener at Kaseya Center.

On the night the Heat named the court after Riley, they were blown out 116-97 Wednesday. The poor performance spoiled the night.

The Heat had no answer for the tandem of Paolo Banchero and Franz Wagner. Banchero finished with 33 points and 11 rebounds while Wagner had 23 points on 10 of 16 shooting.

The Heat sputtered on offense, shooting just 38 percent from the field. Guard Terry Rozier led the way with 19 points, but stars Bam Adebayo, Jimmy Butler and Tyler Herro all struggled. Adebayo and Butler combined to shoot 2 of 13 for 12 points while Herro finished with 14 points.

The game was a reminder of the Heat choosing to keep the same roster this offseason instead of making moves during free agency. The positive was the organization put on a solid ceremony for Riley, who transformed the Heat in the mid 1990s.

An expansion franchise, the Heat has become arguably one of the top franchises in league history. Since Riley's arrival, they have won three championships in seven appearances in the NBA Finals. Much of that can be attributed to Riley because of his ability to attract players like LeBron James, Shaquille O'Neal and Chris Bosh.

This article first appeared on Miami Heat on SI and was syndicated with permission.

More must-reads:

Scrappy Magic to get massive upgrade with return of injured All-Star
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
The '2024 NBA All-Stars' quiz
TODAY'S BEST
NBA Quiz
The 'NBA lottery era Rookie of the Year' quiz
NBA
Warriors beat Pistons behind career night from surprising player
NBA
Former first-round pick makes case for NBA return with strong G…
NBA
76ers cut son of Cavaliers legend

The Sixers have placed two-way player Pete Nance on waivers, the team announced. Nance, who is the younger brother of Hawks big man Larry Nance Jr. and son of Cavaliers icon Larry Nance, signed with Philadelphia a little over a month ago after beginning the season with the Cleveland Charge, the Cavaliers’ G League affiliate. He appeared in one NBA game for the Sixers and five G League contests for the Delaware Blue Coats during his time on a two-way deal with the organization. Across 13 total NBAGL outings for the Charge and the Blue Coats this season, Nance has averaged 17.1 points, 6.8 rebounds, 3.2 assists and 1.8 blocks in 34.3 minutes per game. He posted a solid shooting line of .500/.375/.731 in those 13 appearances. The Charge would hold Nance’s rights if he decides to return to the G League. Although the contracts for two-way players don’t count against the salary cap, their salaries become fully guaranteed if they remain under contract through Jan. 7. Nance will receive only a prorated portion of his two-way salary for the month-plus he spent under contract with the 76ers, who will become one of three teams around the NBA with an open two-way slot.

NBA
Knicks Rookie Turning Heads in Limited Role
The greatest high school basketball teams of all time (non-prep school)
NBA
Will Stephen Curry Play Against Indiana Pacers?
NBA
Magic-Bucks Injury Report: Who's In, Who's Out for Friday Night?
NFL
Dak Prescott, Cowboys React to Cooper Rush's Parting Message After…
NFL
Steelers' George Pickens makes interesting move…
College Football
Could Notre Dame be entering final game with HC Marcus Freeman?
The 25 worst NBA contracts ever signed
NFL
Report reveals why Raiders fired GM Tom…
NHL
Canadiens Provide Clarification on the Real Reason for Patrik…
NFL
Jets' Aaron Rodgers predicted to sign $25 million deal with…

The New York Jets have a few big question marks that need to get sorted out early in the offseason. New York needs to find a new head coach, a new general manager and figure out whether Aaron Rodgers will be the team’s starting quarterback in 2025. All three of these questions go hand in hand. Will Rodgers come back for one more year? That's up in the air. Rodgers seemed melancholy as the campaign was wrapping up but did look good in the season finale. Although the season didn’t go as planned, Rodgers’ numbers are surprisingly good. He finished with 28 touchdown passes to just 11 interceptions while tallying 3,897 passing yards. If you were to see these numbers not knowing the team’s record, you would probably think the Jets were in a much different position than they are now. Rodgers still seems like he has something left in the tank, and if the Jets don’t want him back, maybe someone else will. CBS Sports’ Cody Benjamin made a list of the top quarterbacks who will be available this offseason and predicted landing spots. He predicted that Rodgers will end up signing with the Tennessee Titans on a one-year, $25 million deal. “The former MVP's numbers are deceiving: While he avoided a rash of turnovers in his first healthy year with the Jets, the former Green Bay Packers star was mostly a non-factor for a dismal New York offense, which is ripe for a total overhaul,” Benjamin said. “At 41, he's simply looked much more his age away from Lambeau. "Projection: Signs with Titans on a one-year, $25M deal.” Tennessee has the No. 1 pick in the upcoming draft and likely will take a quarterback. It wouldn’t be the worst idea to have a young guy sit for a year and watch Rodgers if he decides to leave New York.

General Sports
20 R&B one-hit wonders you probably forgot about
NHL
PK Subban clears the air following Auston Matthews' bizarre goal…
NHL
Report: Rangers have rejected a trade from Canucks for the…
NHL
Gary Bettman and the NHL Looking To Make Major CBA Change…

Frank Vatrano recently inked an extension in Anaheim, but with $9 million of deferred money, Commissioner Gary Bettman and the NHL seemingly aren't very happy. The NHL has seen some interesting and very unique contracts over the years, and recently another was signed, as the Anaheim Ducks inked forward Frank Vatrano to a three-year extension, keeping him in Anaheim until he hits 34-years of age. The interesting part of the deal however was the deferred money involved, as both parties looked to get around California state taxes as Vatrano will be paid $900,000 per year from 2035 to 2045, totalling $9 million which will be taxed a lot less if he's out of California by then. While many people found the deal interesting, many also wondered how the league would feel about it, and while they obviously approved it as this breaks no current CBA laws, Elliotte Friedman has revealed that they weren't happy about it, and could look to change that CBA when negotiations for a new deal begin. "While the NHL approved the [Vatrano deferred salary] contract, it is not crazy about these deals and will discuss eliminating them as part of upcoming CBA negotiations." While this seemingly does give teams a way to get around taxes in their current state, that's something that places like Nevada and Florida already get around with no state-tax, so it's unclear exactly why the NHL see this as such an issue. Ultimately though, this was a great deal for Vatrano, as he's still getting paid great money during his playing days in Anaheim, and if any other California teams want to get around this in the same way, it appears as though they have a limited time as the CBA expires in 2025/26, and as of right now, signs point towards the league outlawing this type of deal.

NFL
Colts make huge Anthony Richardson decision ahead of…
The 25 worst trades in the history of the NFL
NHL
Red Wings make two big roster moves
NHL
Maple Leafs Make Bold Move: Fringe Forward Replaces Veteran Max…
NFL
Mark Davis' decision to fire GM raises questions about Raiders' future
College Football
Georgia QB's change of plans sends shockwaves through college…
NFL
3 Best Trade Destinations for Patriots QB Joe Milton
The 20 best Tom Hardy performances
NFL Quiz
The 'Active NFL wild-card rushing leaders'…
College Football
No. 1 running back in transfer portal commits to college football…
NFL
Falcons GM makes surprising Kirk Cousins admission

Kirk Cousins isn't good enough to be Atlanta's starting quarterback, but the Falcons want him as their backup. On Thursday, Falcons general manager Terry Fontenot made the surprising admission when addressing the media following the Falcons' disappointing end to the 2024 season. Per Falcons senior reporter Tori McElhaney, Fontenot initially said that Atlanta expected "high-level quarterback play" from Cousins this season after giving him two years guaranteed on a four-year $180 million contract signed last offseason. While that didn't happen, Fontenot said, "We're very comfortable moving forward with [Cousins] as a backup." (h/t McElhaney) Cousins started 14 games this season. He was 303-of-453 (66.9 percent) for 3,508 yards (7.7 yards per attempt), 18 touchdowns and a league-high 16 interceptions before being benched after an awful performance against the Raiders when he had 112 passing yards in a 15-9 win. During his last five starts, Cousins had one touchdown and nine interceptions. Atlanta selected quarterback Michael Penix Jr. with the No. 8 overall pick one month after signing Cousins. He performed well enough down the stretch to earn the starting role in 2025, making Cousins expendable. If the Falcons keep the 13-year veteran, it could do more harm than good. Per Spotrac, he has a $10 million roster bonus for 2026 that becomes fully guaranteed on March 16, the fifth league day of 2025. It makes little to no sense for Atlanta to give Cousins more money after he failed so spectacularly as the team's starter. But waiving Cousins comes with its own downside. Per Spotrac, if the Falcons cut Cousins using the post-June 1 designation, which would be most advantageous to the organization, Cousins would count as $40 million in dead money in 2025 and $25 million in 2026, while the team would see no savings this offseason. Still, that would be the lesser of two evils for Atlanta. However, according to Fontenot, the Falcons have no problem taking the less desirable path.

Customize Your Newsletter
 +    

Get the latest news and rumors, customized to your favorite sports and teams. Emailed daily. Always free!

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply.


MY ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE JOBS FAQ
PRIVACY POLICY EDITORIAL POLICY CONTACT US
ABOUT YARDBARKER TERMS OF SERVICE

  
FREE NEWSLETTERS
Copyright 2025 YB Media, LLC. All rights reserved.

Use of this website (including any and all parts and
components) constitutes your acceptance of these
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.

This site is for entertainment purposes only.
There is no gambling offered on this site.
Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-Gambler.

Want More NBA News & Rumors?

Join hundreds of thousands of readers who start their day with The Morning Bark, the best newsletter in sports.

A daily rundown of the Top 10 stories & videos in all of sports
A customized newsfeed based on your favorite sports & teams
Always free!
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.yardbarker.com/nba/articles/miami_heat_blown_out_in_season_opening_loss_to_orlando_magic/s1_16619_41112556 
 ----- 
