Skip to content
Subscribe Now
29°F
Saturday, January 11th 2025

E-Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
News
Coronavirus
Crime and Public Safety
Business
Best Reviews
National News
Local News
Sports
Sports
High School Sports
College Sports
Buffalo Bisons
Trenton Thunder
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Philadelphia Phillies
Things to Do
Things to Do
Weekend
Restaurants Food and Drink
Music and Concerts
TV Listings
Comics
Puzzles
Events
Opinion
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Submit an Obituary
Classifieds
Classifieds
Jobs
Tools
Contact Us
Contests
Gas Buddy
South Jersey Local News
South Jersey Local News
News
Sports
Opinion
Things To Do
Obits
Classifieds
Jobs
E-Edition
Subscription
Contact Us
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for email newsletters

Sign Up
SPORTSMLB
Castellanos knocks in 4 as Phillies inch closer to playoff berth
Philadelphia Phillies’ Nick Castellanos reacts after hitting a home run against New York Mets pitcher Jeff Brigham during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Thursday, Sept. 21, 2023, in Philadelphia. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum)
By AARON BRACY | | The Associated Press
PUBLISHED: September 22, 2023 at 7:23 AM EDT

PHILADELPHIA — Nick Castellanos homered and drove in four runs to reach a career-best 103 RBIs in a season, and the Phillies maintained their hold on the top NL wild-card spot with a 5-4 victory over the Mets on Thursday night.

Alec Bohm also homered and Bryce Harper added a pair of hits for the defending NL champion Phillies, who opened a seven-game homestand with their fifth win in their last seven game. Philadelphia (84-69) is 3 games ahead of Arizona for the first NL wild card.

Mark Vientos homered, and Jeff McNeil singled, doubled, tripled and drove in a run for the Mets.

Castellanos hit a 92 mph fastball from Jeff Brigham (1-3) 454 feet off the facing of the second deck in left field in the sixth inning to put Philadelphia in front 5-4. Castellanos’ two-run single in the first gave the Phillies a 2-0 lead, and he got another RBI in the third with a sacrifice fly. His previous single-season career best was 101 RBIs in 2017 when he was with Detroit.

“It’s pretty cool to get 100 RBIs,” Castellanos said. “It means you’re getting a lot of at-bats, playing a lot of games and driving in a lot of guys.”

It has been a bounceback season for Castellanos following a subpar 2022 in which he hit 13 homers and drove in 62 runs after signing a five-year, $100 million deal prior to the season.

“I thought he’d be back to his normal self, and this is pretty close, if not better,” Philadelphia manager Rob Thomson said.

He earned his second trip to the All-Star game this season, and his 28 homers are six shy of his career high set in 2021 with Cincinnati.

“Just getting back to my foundation, the things I do every day, the mind set of control what I can control, believe that it’s going to be good in the end if I just stay consistent,” Castellanos said of the key to the season.

Philadelphia left-hander Ranger Suárez (4-6) gave up four runs on five hits in 6 2/3 innings.

José Alvarado tossed a scoreless ninth for his ninth save in 11 chances.

The Mets pulled within a run in the fourth on Francisco Alvarez’s sacrifice fly and tied it at 4 in the sixth on Vientos’ leadoff drive to left.

New York threatened in the eighth, putting runners on first and third with one out. But Craig Kimbrel got Alvarez to pop out foul to first base and struck out Brett Baty.

“We just couldn’t get that last one,” Mets manager Buck Showalter said of the tying run. “We gave ourselves opportunities.”

Mets starter David Peterson struck out seven but allowed four runs on five hits in four innings.

FAMILIAR FOES

The Mets and Phillies will face off in six of the final nine contests, with three more scheduled in Philly this weekend before they close out the regular season Sept. 29-Oct. 1 in New York. The Phillies improved to 3-4 against the Mets this season.

WALK MAN

Schwarber walked to lead off the contest, upping his season total to 123 to pull within six walks of tying the club record set by Lenny Dykstra in 1993. Schwarber is second in MLB in walks, trailing only San Diego’s Juan Soto.

UP NEXT

RHP Tylor Megill (8-8, 4.94) takes the mound for the Mets against Philadelphia RHP Taijuan Walker (15-5, 4.40) on Friday night.

Around the Web
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Homes | Search Ads
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
Hair Transplant | Search Ads
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
Solar Generator
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Stair Lift
Electric Car Prices Might Surprise You (View Offers!)
Electric Cars
Villas Prices in Dubai Might Surprise You (Check Here!)
Dubai Villas
Do You Know How Much Do Builders Get Paid in The USA? See Salaries Here!
Builder Job
Surgeon Reveals: Simple Method Ends Joint Pain & Arthritis (Watch)
Healthier Living
Taipei Mattress Stores Could Offer Surprising Discounts (Take Note)
Mattress Deals | Search Ads
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
Marketing Software
See How Much Nurses Make in The Canada. (See Salaries)
Nurse Job in Canada
Neuropathy is Linked to This Household Item (Stop Using It)
Healthier Living
New Senior Apartments in Taipei - Take a Look!
Senior Living | Search Ads
Getting a Business Loan Might Be Easier Than You Think!
Business Loans | Search Ads
4 Warning Signs of Dementia (#3 is Scary)
Pineal Guardian
Best Ways To Make $100 Fast (Every Day Online)
Wish Jobs
South America: Top 10 Things to Do
Viral Vacation Ideas
Home Invasion Leads to Breakthrough Solar Discovery (12x Better Than Panels)
Solar Switch
Uncover Scholarships for Your Academic Goals
WishJobs
Exposing the Most Hazardous Sites Worldwide
Viral Vacation Ideas
How to Make Money Online - Proven Ways. Start Earning More Money
oHee
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
The New Normal of Selling a Home Today
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Walmart Center for Racial Equity Update: Advancing Equity in Criminal Justice
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Nine Kinds of Ancestors You Could Find on Your Family Tree
Get Dog Food Designed for Your Dog's Health & Happiness
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Heartwarming Reaction From a Couple Meeting Their Rescue Dog for the First Time
How Long Should I Keep My Car?
Why Google Workspace for Business is Worth the Upgrade
Did Your Mom Ever Make the Paper? Search Newspapers.com
Five Reasons Your Car Insurance Rate Changes
Got Plant Milk? Add These 16 Plant Milks to Your Mug for Health, Flavor, and Fro
Four Easy Tips to Keep Your Kids Safe Online
Get Mortgage Advice Close to Home
Stop Paying Too Much for Your Prescriptions - Compare Prices, Find Free Coupons,
The Best Places to Buy College Apparel Make Showing College Pride Too Easy
The Close Relationship Between Stress and Sleep
Is My Space a Good Fit for Airbnb?
Take on a Challenge: Make Pasta Al Limone at Home
Four Ways Food Banks Are Feeding Kids Right Now
Should You Buy an Electric Car?
Ring Devices Help Make Peace of Mind More Accessible to All
Most Popular
MOST POPULAR
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
What ignited the deadly California wildfires? Investigators consider an array of possibilities
‘Nuisance snow’ to hit southeastern PA, NJ Friday into Saturday
‘Nuisance snow’ to hit southeastern PA, NJ Friday into Saturday
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Guest Oped: The State Must Protect Gun Violence Research in New Jersey (Brady: United Against Gun Violence column)
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Perfect 10! West Windsor-Plainsboro North boys basketball wins at Tornado Alley for best start in program history
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Pennington boys basketball takes down Hun for best start to a season in 11 years
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Trenton City Council gives unanimous approval to Housing Director Arch Liston (L.A. PARKER COLUMN)
Time to raise New Jersey’s speed limits (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Time to raise New Jersey’s speed limits (JEFF EDELSTEIN COLUMN)
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Trenton Water Works issues advisory to limit water usage due to ice on the Delaware
Rider men’s basketball hits rock bottom in loss to Canisius
Rider men’s basketball hits rock bottom in loss to Canisius
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
‘Pizzagate’ gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
TRENDING NATIONALLY
20 suspected looters arrested in Southern California fire zones
Nationwide closures: ‘We are closing underproductive Macy’s stores’
At least 76 Native American children died at Colorado boarding schools, new investigation finds
It’s a snowplow-naming smackdown. Here are the finalists.
If a wildfire breaks out, are you ready? You can be. Here’s how.
MORE IN MLB
SUBSCRIBER ONLY
Former Phillies All-Star Jeff Hoffman signs with Blue Jays on $33 million, 3-year contract
Phillies successfully avoid arbitration with six players
Mets to retire David Wright’s No. 5 on July 19
New Yankees 1B Goldschmidt says he’s better than difficult 2024 with Cardinals
2023
September
22
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Subscribe
Sign Up For Newsletters
e-Edition
Submit News
Sitemap
CONTACT US
Work With Us
Announcement Forms
iOS App
Android App
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
MEDIA NEWS GROUP
The Times Herald
Daily Local News
The Mercury
Delaware Co Daily Times
Patriot Item
The Reporter
ADVERTISING INQUIRY
Classifieds
Place Classified Ad
Network Advertising
Jobs
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Notice of Financial Incentive
California Notice at Collection
Arbitration
MediaNews Group
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
FLASH SALE!
ONLY $1 FOR 1 YEAR

Hurry, this deal won't last!

SAVE NOW﻿
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.trentonian.com/2023/09/22/castellanos-knocks-in-4-as-phillies-inch-closer-to-playoff-berth/ 
 ----- 
