Have an account? Login

Aceptar y continuarRechazar y suscribirse
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 967 partners
It's News:
Andy Reid Patrick Mahomes 
Steelers vs Ravens Time
Chargers vs Texans Time
Deshaun Watson rehab
Shedeur Sanders
CFP National Championship Odds
Steve Sarkisian Quinn Ewers 
Travis Hunter fiancée Leanna Lee
Caitlin Clark 
LeBron James cheated
Gervonta Davis
Mets Pete Alonso offer
Prince Harry Meghan Markle
Pamela Anderson 
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Social Security Payment 
Stimulus Payment 725
IRS Free File 2025 partners
Transitional Medicaid Assistance
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Lifestyle
News
Celebrities
Fitness
How to
Movies
Music
Net Worth
TV Shows
UK News
More
Music
50 Cent's liquor company wins millionaire lawsuit against former employee

The rapper was a victim of fraud

Superstar rapper 50 Cent.LAPRESSE
LW
21/09/2023 - 18:42 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Celebrities. Lizzo faces another legal battle, this time over allegations of sexual harassment and assault to her tour stylist
Celebrities. Bradley Cooper embraces supportive role amidst Tom Brady and Irina Shayk's relationship

50 Cent is celebrating another legal victory as his company, Sire Spirits, has won a lawsuit against a former employee. The 44-year-old man, Mitchell Green, pleaded guilty to defrauding the company for over $2 million in what he disguised as "agency fees."

Green had reached an under-the-table agreement with French distilleries to secure kickback fees, pocketing $2.2 million from 2017 to 2020.

While Sire Spirits paid out approximately $15 million for champagne and cognac, Green inflated the prices and kept the extra cash.

The former employee pleaded guilty to wire fraud charges on Monday in a New Jersey federal court. 50 Cent took to Instagram to express his satisfaction with the outcome and vowed to ensure that Green pays for his actions.

"Beam Suntory got me into this mess with these people," 50 Cent wrote. "They are not going to like the outcome." The Queens rap icon is known for his no-nonsense approach when it comes to his money and is determined to hold Green accountable for his fraudulent behavior.

Green's actions, "a betrayal of trust"

Philip Sellinger, the U.S. attorney in the District of New Jersey, described Green's actions as a betrayal of trust. "Though he was supposed to negotiate the best deal possible for his employer, Green set up secret side deals to inflate what his employer paid so that he could reap millions of dollars in kickbacks," Sellinger said. He emphasized the importance of companies being able to rely on the integrity of their agents to conduct business.

Green will be sentenced in January and could potentially face prison time for his crimes. He has already filed for bankruptcy. In October 2021, the courts awarded Sire Spirits $6 million in damages against Green, including interest, attorney's fees, and other expenses.

MORE in MARCA
Bill Clint on secr...
Marca
Harry and...
Marca

Despite Green's attempts to challenge the ruling and have the award vacated, the court denied his request last June and added further attorney's fees in November.

If Green fails to pay the awarded damages, 50 Cent reportedly plans to seize his personal property and other assets. This legal victory serves as a reminder that fraudulent actions will not go unpunished, especially when it comes to someone as determined as 50 Cent to protect his business interests.

50 Cent - English
Music - English
Music50 Cent's mic throw incident continues with release of insensitive dispatch audio
CelebritiesShakira releases sneak peek of new single with Fuerza Regida called 'El Jefe'
NFLJason Kelce jokes about brother Travis Kelce and Taylor Swift dating rumors
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Meghan Markle's latest public erro...
Marca
Meghan Markle's father fears he...
Marca
跟著謝祖武選擇不踩雷！《LBV熟齡雷射》同時解決近視老花問題
諾貝爾眼科
台灣的平均智商為 106。 參加此智力測驗， 並查看您的智商是否更高。
WW IQ Test
台灣人無需收入證明即可獲得貸款，這要歸功於以下幾種選擇
貸款 | 搜尋廣告
辻利茶舗 2025新春禮盒美到太過份！人氣 暢銷茶食禮盒精選推薦！
辻利茶舖
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/lifestyle/music/2023/09/22/650cd03a268e3e50028b45b4.html 
 ----- 
