TRANSFERS
Premier League
Man City
Man Utd
Liverpool
Arsenal
Chelsea
Tottenham
Leicester City
Everton FC
Aston Villa
West Ham
Newcastle
Brighton
Wolves
Ipswich
Southampton
Nottingham Forest
Fulham
Crystal Palace
Brentford
Bournemouth
Championship
Leeds United
Norwich City
Stoke City
Sheffield United
Bristol City
Sunderland
LaLiga
Real Madrid
Barcelona
Atletico Madrid
Athletic Bilbao
Real Sociedad
Valencia
SPL
Al-Nassr
Al-Hilal
Al-Ittihad
Al-Riyadh
Al-Ahli
Al-Ettifaq
Scottish Premiership
Celtic FC
Rangers FC
News
Fixtures
Competitions
Premier League
LaLiga
EFL Championship
SPL
MLS
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
EURO
Copa America
UCL
UEL
FA Cup

Home

>

News

>

Colombia Vs Argentina Prediction Preview Lineups 10th September 2024

Advertisement
4 min read
Abhinav Agarwal
Mod: 09 Sep 2024 01:25 PM
Colombia vs Argentina Prediction, Preview, Lineups and Team News | World Cup Qualifiers, September 10, 2024
Colombia vs Argentina
World Cup Qualifiers
Preview
Tournament: World Cup Qualifiers 2024
Date: September 10, 2024
Kick-off time: 20:30 GMT
Venue: Estadio Metropolitano, Colombia

Colombia welcome reigning world champions Argentina to Barranquilla for a South American World Cup 2026 qualifying encounter on Tuesday night. The hosts are unbeaten in the qualifiers after coming up with a last-gasp equaliser against Peru last week, whereas Argentina can already consider their flights booked to North America after a brilliant qualifying campaign.

This clash is a repeat of July’s Copa America final and both teams are absolute favourites to qualify for the World Cup two years from now. Colombia are now on 13 points and they are third in the qualifying standings, a comfortable seven points clear in the automatic qualifying spot.

In their last six matches in World Cup qualifiers specifically, Colombia have won two and drawn four of their matches. On the other hand, Argentina have won five and lost one of their qualifying games.

Also Read: Netherlands vs Germany Prediction, Preview, Lineups and Team News | Nations League, September 10, 2024

Team News
Colombia National Football Team News
James Rodriguez is expected to be in action vs Argentina

Colombia will miss two of their most experienced players for this clash as former Arsenal goalkeeper David Ospina and former Tottenham Hotspur defender Davinson Sanchez are both out with injury, respectively.

Jhon Duran could attain a starting spot for this game. Colombia captain James Rodriguez only featured for 45 minutes in the last game and is expected to start and feature for the whole match against Argentina.

Luis Diaz will be the man to watch in this game as he is currently in the form of his life.

Argentina National Football Team News
Lautaro Martinez is expected to feature vs Colombia

Argentina are obviously without Lionel Messi, who is still nursing an ankle injury that had forced him off the field in the Copa America final this past summer. Nicolas Tagliafico and Leonardo Balerdi are also injured alongside Exequiel Palacios.

Angel Di Maria’s replacement Matias Soule could get a chance to start in this game along with striker Taty Castellanos. Argentina will have their regular duo of Alexis Mac Allister and Enzo Fernandez available for selection, which will give them additional protection in midfield. Emiliano Martinez is expected to start in goal for the world champions.

Colombia vs Argentina Predicted Lineups
Colombia National Football Team Predicted Lineup

Goalkeeper: Vargas

Defenders: Munoz, Lucumi, Mina, Mojica

Midfielders: Rios, Lerma, Arias

Forwards: James, Duran, Diaz

Argentina National Football Team Predicted Lineup

Goalkeeper: Emiliano Martinez

Defenders: Molina, Otamendi, Romero, Lisandro Martinez

Midfielders: Lo Celso, De Paul, Enzo Fernandez, Garnacho

Forwards: Alvarez, Lautaro Martinez

H2H Record
Argentina 1-0 Colombia (Copa America final, July 15, 2024)
Argentina 1-0 Colombia (World Cup 2022 qualifier, February, 2022)
Argentina 1-1 (3-2) Colombia (Copa America semi-final, July 7, 2021)
Colombia 2-2 Argentina (Copa America group stage, June 9, 2021)
Argentina 0-2 Colombia (Copa America group stage, June 15, 2019)

Key Players to Watch
James Rodriguez (Colombia)
James Rodriguez will be crucial for Colombia as he has always been

The 33-year-old midfield magician has been ever-present for the Colombian national football team since 2011 and has made over 100 appearances for his country, scoring over 25 goals.

James makes Colombia tick and if he is in the mood, he can still be one of the most devastating attacking midfielders on his day. Argentina will need to be alert to his threat, especially on set-pieces and shots from outside the box.

His vision and hold-up play could be crucial for Colombia’s chances of coming up with an unlikely win in this game.

Julian Alvarez (Argentina)
In Messi’s absence, Julian Alvarez will have to rise to the occasion for Argentina

Former Manchester City man Julian Alvarez is our pick from the Argentina side. The forward is box-office when it comes to crucial moments in big games and in the absence of Messi, we could see him have more of the ball.

Alvarez is an expert in making crucial runs through the oppositions’ defensive channels and this is exactly how Scaloni will try to use him against Colombia. With Lautaro Martinez alongside him, Alvarez may have to just keep getting in pockets of space in order to create chances or receive goalscoring chances from his teammates throughout the game.

Expect Alvarez to get on the scoresheet in this one!

Colombia vs Argentina Prediction

Colombia haven’t been able to beat Argentina since 2019 and we expect that trend to continue despite Lionel Messi’s absence. Colombia do have the creative acumen to hurt Argentina, but we believe that Lionel Scaloni’s men are way too balanced as a team as compared to their opponents in this one.

Predicted Score: Colombia 1-2 Argentina
Where to watch Colombia vs Argentina Live?
Country	Where to watch
USA	Fubo (free trial), UNIVERSO NOW, Telemundo Sports Live, ViX
UK	Premier Sports, Player Premier Sports 1
India	Fanatiz International
Argentina	TyC Sports Play, Telefe Argentina, TyC Sports Argentina
Colombia	DAZN
Spain	Movistar+, Movistar Champions League 2

FAQs

FAQs

Q. When is Colombia vs Argentina?

Q. Where to watch Colombia vs Argentina live for free?

Q. What is the predicted lineup for Colombia vs Argentina?

Q. What is the head-to-head record for Colombia vs Argentina?

Trending Articles

Manchester United Injury Update: Mason Mount latest details, recovery timeline

Juventus vs Cagliari Lineups, Preview, Predictionand Te...

Bournemouth vs West Ham Lineups, Preview, Prediction, a...

Barcelona 0-1 Leganes player ratings as Los Pepineros h...

QUICK LINKS
Home
All News
Fixtures
COMPETITIONS
Premier League
La Liga
EFL Championship
Saudi Pro League
Bundesliga
Ligue1
Serie A
UEL
UCL
FA Cup
NEWS
Football Features
Football News
Football Predictions
Player Ratings
Entertainment
FPL
Esports
WNBA Features
WNBA Players
WNBA All Star Game
FOLLOW US
About us
•
Privacy Policy
•
Career
Website Sitemap

All images used are for editorial purposes only. License solely with Getty/Source.

Copyright © 2024 Sportsdunia All rights reserved.

The information contained in Sportsdunia may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without the prior written authority of Sportsdunia
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsdunia.com/news/colombia-vs-argentina-prediction-preview-lineups-10th-september-2024 
 ----- 
