The Sun-Times is free but the journalism is not. Reader support powers the news. Here's how you can help.
Log In
Home Delivery
Donate
Menu
Show Search
BULLS SPORTS NBA
Bulls have solid defensive ranking, but they know numbers can lie
Coach Billy Donovan’s team entered Saturday ninth in the NBA in defensive efficiency. As the loss to the Nets on Friday showed, however, those numbers can be deceiving. Some defensive concerns still need to be addressed.
By  Joe Cowley   Nov 2, 2024, 4:41pm UTC

The Bulls statistically have a better numbers than last season in overall efficiency, but coach Billy Donovan knows the numbers can lie. There are still major holes on the defensive end, especially when it comes to protecting the paint.

Pamela Smith/AP

SHARE
COPY LINK

NEW YORK — The numbers are the numbers.

That is, until they’re not.

Bulls coach Billy Donovan and his players know that all too well.

SHARE
COPY LINK
NEXT UP IN CHICAGO BULLS
Bulls still searching for answers to unlock forward Patrick Williams
Bulls get message after inconsistent play continues in lopsided loss to Pacers
Bulls coach Billy Donovan sees All-Star value in Zach LaVine, Nikola Vucevic
Bulls' Coby White talks about dunking and why he doesn't do it more often
Coby White's dunk over Victor Wembanyama highlights Bulls' comeback victory
Bulls coach Billy Donovan opens up about direction of franchise
LATEST STORIES
Blackhawks' Alec Martinez finally feeling better after fluky neck injury sent him to hospital
15-year-old handling gun accidentally shot in Chicago Lawn
It's long overdue for women's volleyball to have more women coaches
Here's what you need to know about credit card defaults
Egg prices soaring. It's nearly $9 at some Chicago grocers.
Sponsored Content
THE LATEST
DEAR ABBY
Dear Abby: My late friend’s lonely husband calls me too much
The many conversations, usually about irrelevant nonsense, are becoming invasive.
By Abigail Van Buren  Jan 10, 2025, 12:00pm UTC
HEALTH
These West Side churches are working with a hospital to fight high blood pressure among Black Chicagoans
It’s a real life story involving Rush University Medical Center and the Alive Faith Network,a coalition of West Side churchs, that Josh Neufeld, a comics journalist, tells in the form of a comic book.
By Josh Neufeld | The Journalist’s Resource  Jan 10, 2025, 11:30am UTC
HOROSCOPES
Horoscope for Friday, January 10, 2025
By Georgia Nicols  Jan 10, 2025, 6:01am UTC
COLLEGE SPORTS
Notre Dame advances to CFP title game thanks to Jeter's 41-yard field goal
Irish rally past Penn State in thrilling game that saw 31 points scored in fourth quarter
By AP  Jan 10, 2025, 4:27am UTC
HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL
Dyett beats Crane, wins showdown between two up-and-coming Public League basketball programs
Dyett brought a nice crowd to the West Side and even had their cheerleaders in attendance, a rare sight on the road for any area school these days.
By Michael O’Brien  Jan 10, 2025, 3:18am UTC
About Us  Newsletters  Get Home Delivery  Work With Us  Media Kit  Terms of Use  Privacy Notice  Cookie Policy  Terms of Sale 

© 2025 CHICAGO SUN-TIMES MEDIA, INC.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://chicago.suntimes.com/bulls/2024/11/02/solid-defensive-ranking-the-bulls-know-the-numbers-can-lie 
 ----- 
