Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cam Thomas Continues Fourth Quarter Heroics in Brooklyn Nets Win vs. Bulls
No one in the NBA has scored more in the fourth quarter than Brooklyn Nets guard Cam Thomas.
Wilko Martinez Cachero | Nov 2, 2024
Nov 1, 2024; Brooklyn, New York, USA; Brooklyn Nets guard Cam Thomas (24) goes to the basket as Chicago Bulls forward Patrick Williams (44) defends during the second half at Barclays Center. Mandatory Credit: Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images / Vincent Carchietta-Imagn Images
In this story:
Brooklyn Nets
Chicago Bulls

Cam Thomas' 32 points led the Brooklyn Nets to their second consecutive win of the season, a 120-112 victory over the Chicago Bulls.

“I feel like I'm one of the best players in the NBA,” he said after the game.

Since taking the Nets job, first-year head coach Jordi Fernández has repeatedly lauded Thomas’ scoring as his superpower.. Following Friday’s game, the former LSU guard is averaging what would be a career-high 28.2 points — but it’s not just the buckets Thomas is getting. When the fourth quarter rolls around, it feels like the Brooklyn scorer cannot be stopped. 

Against Chicago, 10 of Thomas’ final 32 points came in the last period. Through six games, he leads the NBA in fourth-quarter points at 11.8, per NBA.com, exactly two digits more than certified all-star Luka Doncic.

“I have the best seat in the house to just watch him do what he does,” Fernández said. “[He] made a crazy shot from almost half-court, and I cannot coach that. That's him being him.” 

Fernández was referring to a half-court bomb from Thomas late in the fourth quarter. With about two minutes left in the game and the Nets’ possession breaking down, Cam Johnson got the ball to Thomas, who was literally standing on the Brooklyn logo. 

Without any dribbles or hesitation, the latter let it fly from 33 feet and swished it. Barclays Center erupted. Thomas is the only Net player who can make that shot, but his contributions to the team this season have gone beyond putting the ball through the hoop. He’s been a willing playmaker and, generally, an engaged defender. 

“I do a lot more other stuff than just score,” Thomas said. “Sometimes, it doesn't show up on the stat sheet, but it's a lot of things that go into a basketball game that you have to actually watch instead of just stat-watching.” 

The Nets are now 3-3 to start the season, which places the team eighth in the Eastern Conference standings. It’s a better start than many projected, given that the Nets’ over/under win before the NBA tipped off was 19.5 wins. Brooklyn will remain at home for the team’s next game, against the Detroit Pistons on Sunday. 

"I feel like the sky's the limit,” Thomas said. “We can see the vision.”

Want to join the discussion? Like Nets on SI on Facebook and follow us on Twitter to stay up to date on all the latest Nets news. You can also meet the team behind the coverage.

Published Nov 2, 2024|Modified Nov 2, 2024
WILKO MARTINEZ CACHERO

Wilko is a journalist and producer from Madrid, Spain. He is also the founder of FLOOR and CEILING on YouTube, focusing on the NBA Draft and youth basketball.

Follow wilkomcv

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/nets/news/cam-thomas-continues-fourth-quarter-heroics-in-brooklyn-nets-win-vs-bulls 
 ----- 
