Republic World
Republic Business
R.Bharat
R.Bangla
R.Kannada
Home
SportFit
Live TV
Defence
India News
World
Latest News
Republic Business
Education
Entertainment
More
TRENDING/
Illegal Infiltration |
Prashant Kishor |
Earthquake in China |
Justin Trudeau |
Delhi Polls |
Anita Anand |
HMPV |
Maha Kumbh |
News /
SportFit /
Cricket /
World Cup /
'BCCI should not have let Ramiz Raja do commentary': Ex-Pakistan spinner calls PCB 'King of U-turns'

Published 11:27 IST, October 13th 2023

Top Feature/ 'BCCI should not have let Ramiz Raja do commentary': Ex-Pakistan spinner calls PCB 'King of U-turns'
World Cup 2023: Ramiz Raja took a U-turn as he was seen doing commentary in India despite making lofty claims during his tenure as the PCB chief.
SportFit
3 min read
Reported by: Jishu Bhattacharya
Follow:
Ex-Pakistan spinner calls PCB 'King of U-turns' | Image: Republic

The Board of Control for Cricket in India and the Pakistan Cricket Board have been at loggerheads with each other for a long time. Despite BCCI's clear stance of not playing against Pakistan in any bilateral matches, the PCB continues to make a push for it. Reason is simple,  Pakistan looks to gain some monetary benefits from India.

Things worsened last year after the BCCI clarified its stand of not sending the Indian team to Pakistan for the recently concluded Asia Cup. Ramiz Raja, who is now a part of the World Cup commentary panel was serving as the PCB chief at that time. Raja went to great lengths and said that Pakistan will also pull out from the World Cup if India don't play the Asia Cup in his native country.

But unfortunately for the PCB, that never happened. And Raja ended up taking a u-turn as he was seeing doing commentary in India despite making lofty claims during his time as PCB chief. As usual, India ended up having things their way and they played all their Asia Cup matches in Sri Lanka and eventually went home as champions of Asia.

ALSO READ | IND vs PAK: Shubman Gill takes promising step in recovery process, star batter undergoes practice

The Pakistan team, on the other hand, suffered humiliation and had to travel to and fro despite being the host nation. They could not even manage to make it to the final of Asia Cup.

Pakistan cricket team came to India for the World Cup and received great hospitality in their 'arch-rival's' country. Seeing the reception that Babar Azam and his boys got in India, the PCB chief changed his tunes and started praising India and the BCCI after he had addressed them as 'dushmann' in the past. Pakistan legend, Danish Kaneria who doesn't mince words and speaks his heart out gave some insights about how the PCB, over the years has earned a reputation of taking U-turns.

Loading...
PCB is the king of 'U-turn'

"One thing, PCB is the 'King of U-turns'. The BCCI should not have let Ramiz Raja do commentary during the World Cup. It was heartwarming to see the Pakistan team get such great reception in India. The PCB chief should not give out such kind of statement. Ramiz Raja gave such bad statements in the past and now he is India because he knows that he can earn money there. The PCB and the Pakistan players should be more careful while giving out such statements."

There was a huge uproar in the Pakistan media as India refused to serve beef to visiting players. The Pakistan players certainly did not give out any statement regarding it, but their media accused the BCCI of tampering with the players' diet and nutritional requirements. Kaneria's reaction to this was absolute gold.

ALSO READ | 'You've been robbed there': Netizens slam DRS after review deems Steve Smith out, batter bewildered

'Illiteracy rate is very high in Pakistan media': Kaneria

"Pakistan media have no credible news to sell. The Pakistan media always wants to create a rift and keep on speaking things that never make any sense. I don't even listen to them. See, the illiteracy rate is very high, and nothing can be done. They just sell their news and most of the time they do not make any sense," Kaneria said.

India take on Pakistan at the Narendra Modi Stadium, Ahmedabad on October 14, 2023. India and Pakistan both have faced each other 7 times in the ODI World Cup and the 'Men in Blue' have always got the better of their neighbours.

Updated 11:54 IST, October 13th 2023

ODI World CupNarendra ModiAsia Cup
Recommended
BIG Mistake Spotted In Squid Game Season 2, Video Goes Viral
Entertainment News
Kochi Shocker: Human Skull And Bones Recovered From Fridge In House
India News
7.1-Magnitude Earthquake in Tibet Kills 126, Tremors Felt in Nepal
World News
Top Party Destinations In India For New Year's Eve
Web Stories
PM Modi Congratulates European Council President Antonio Costa
India News
Central Govt Gives Nod to Memorial for Pranab Mukherjee | LIVE
India News
Meta Finally Rolls Back Fact Checkers After Decades Of Backlash
World News
India, China Population Decline A Great Concern, Says Elon Musk
World News
HMPV Cases In India: States Asked to Step-up Up Vigil
India News
WATCH: Ranbir Takes New Swanky Mercedes-Benz Worth ₹3 Crore For A Ride
Entertainment News
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
RSS
Policies Disclaimers
Follow Republic on:
Download the all-new Republic app:

© 2024 Republic. All rights reserved.

BIG STORIES

17 NEW

QUICK

LIVE TV

VIDEO

republicworld.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 452 TCF vendor(s) and 320 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.republicworld.com/sports/cricket/world-cup/bcci-pcb-ramiz-raja-world-cup-icc-commentary-india-pakistan-danish-kaneria 
 ----- 
