HOME
LATEST
BREATHE
GAZA SIEGE
PAKISTAN
OPINION
BUSINESS
IMAGES
PRISM
WORLD
SPORT
MAGAZINES
TECH
VIDEOS
POPULAR
ARCHIVE
FLOOD DONATIONS
Miandad’s six to Jadeja blitz: Six great Pakistan-India ODIs
Cricketing powerhouses Pakistan and India renew their rivalry in hotly anticipated World Cup match in Ahmedabad on Saturday.
AFP Published October 12, 2023

Cricketing powerhouses India and Pakistan renew their rivalry in the most hotly anticipated match of the World Cup in Ahmedabad on Saturday.

AFPSport looks back at six memorable ODI matches between the bitter rivals ahead of their latest clash.

Miandad six (April 18, 1986 — Sharjah)

Javed Miandad’s last-ball six at the desert venue arguably remains the most dramatic ODI outcome between the two sides as Pakistan clinched a one-wicket victory.

Pakistan needed 246 to win in 50 overs and Miandad walked in at 61-3 to hit an unbeaten 116 off 114 balls.

With four needed off the final delivery, Indian fast bowler Chetan Sharma bowled a full toss and Miandad blasted the ball into the crowd to trigger wild celebrations among the Pakistan team and fans. Miandad was later presented with a golden sword for his heroics.

Imran stings (March 22, 1985 — Sharjah)

Imran Khan’s best bowling figures of 6-14 were in a one-day international against India but for the flamboyant Pakistan fast bowler it was all in vain.

Imran ripped through the Indian batting line-up at Sharjah to send the opposition packing for 125.

But Pakistan’s own batting imploded, skittled for just 87 with Ramiz Raja, top-scorer with 29, one of only four batsmen in double figures. Imran, a former Prime Minister who now languishes in jail over corruption charges he denies, was still the man of the match in the low-scoring battle.

Jadeja fires (March 9, 1996 — Bangalore)

India’s Ajay Jadeja blasted a 25-ball 45 in a late blitz that helped India knock out holders Pakistan in a highly-charged World Cup quarter-final.

Jadeja was severe on Pakistan’s Waqar Younis as he hit the pace bowler for four fours and two sixes in the final few overs to propel the total to 287-8.

In reply, Pakistan were sailing along when opener Aamir Sohail smashed India’s Venkatesh Prasad for a boundary before sledging his opponent.

But Venkatesh got the left-handed batsman bowled on the next ball to bring the house down and Pakistan lost their way to lose by 39 runs.

Ganguly ton (January 18, 1998 — Dhaka)

Sourav Ganguly hit a match-winning century to trump Saeed Anwar’s 140 in a deciding best-of-three final of Bangladesh’s Silver Jubilee Independence Cup in Dhaka.

Ganguly’s knock of 124 was laced with 11 fours and one six as India chased down their victory target of 315 with one ball to spare.

The left-handed Ganguly was named man of the match but lesser-known Hrishikesh Kanitkar stole the show in the end when India needed three on the final two balls and he hit a boundary on the penultimate delivery.

The chase was a world record at the time.

Tendulkar rules (March 1, 2003 — Centurion)

Sachin Tendulkar won many matches for India but his 98 against Pakistan at the 2003 World Cup remains special due his duel with fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar.

Tendulkar stood tall in his 75-ball knock that guided India in their chase of 274 against a Pakistan bowling line-up boasting Wasim Akram, Waqar and Akhtar.

He uppercut one of Akhtar’s express deliveries to a delightful six over third man — a shot that became iconic in Tendulkar’s career.

Akhtar later got Tendulkar’s wicket but the damage had been done and India won by six wickets.

Zaman special (June 18, 2017 — London)

Pakistan came in as underdogs in the Champions Trophy final, but stunned India by 180 runs with a top performance riding on a sparkling century by Fakhar Zaman.

Zaman’s 114 off 106 balls and a 128-run opening stand with Azhar Ali guided Pakistan to a mammoth 338 for four and deflated Virat Kohli’s India at the Oval.

The left-hander clobbered the Indian attack, including fast bowlers Bhuvneshwar Kumar and Jasprit Bumrah, hitting 12 fours and three sixes.

Pakistan’s bowlers then came firing and dismissed India for just 158 in 30.3 overs despite Hardik Pandya’s 76. Fast bowler Hasan Ali took 3-19.

Header image: In this file photograph taken on April 4, 1999, Indian batsman and team captain Ajay Jadeja dives to save himself from being run out as a throw from a Pakistani fielder directly hits the wickets in the triangular series final match between India and Pakistan at the Chinaswamy Cricket Stadium in Bangalore. — AFP

   
0
Zaka Ashraf to witness Pakistan, India game
CRICKET: EIGHTH TIME LUCKY?
Enough of it, folks

Dear visitor, the comments section is undergoing an overhaul and will return soon.

Copyright © 2025

NewsKit Publishing Platform

dawn.com asks for your consent to use your personal data to:
Personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development
Store and/or access information on a device
Learn more

Your personal data will be processed and information from your device (cookies, unique identifiers, and other device data) may be stored by, accessed by and shared with 139 TCF vendor(s) and 65 ad partner(s), or used specifically by this site or app.

Some vendors may process your personal data on the basis of legitimate interest, which you can object to by managing your options below. Look for a link at the bottom of this page to manage or withdraw consent in privacy and cookie settings.

Consent

Do not consent

Manage options
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dawn.com/news/1780683 
 ----- 
