YOU ARE AT:Home»Sports News»AFCON Qualifiers: Salah Shines as Egypt Thrash Botswana, South Africa Steal Late Win
SPORTS NEWS
AFCON Qualifiers: Salah Shines as Egypt Thrash Botswana, South Africa Steal Late Win
BY ABDULLAHI JIMOHSEPTEMBER 11, 202403 MINS READ
Share
SHARE

Liverpool star Mohamed Salah was on target as Egypt stormed to a 4-0 victory over Botswana in their second match of the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) qualifiers. Meanwhile, South Africa secured a dramatic last-minute 3-2 win over South Sudan, and Nigeria was held to a frustrating 0-0 draw by Rwanda.

Salah played a key role in Egypt’s dominant display against Botswana, scoring their third goal in the 56th minute. Mahmoud Hassan, better known as Trezeguet, opened the scoring early and added a second to give the visitors a 2-0 lead at half-time. Salah’s tap-in from a cross after the break made it 3-0, and Mostafa Fathy sealed the win with a late goal in added time. The victory puts Egypt at the top of Group C with six points, following their 3-0 win over Cape Verde in the opening match.

In Kigali, Rwanda’s goalkeeper Fiacre Ntwari was the hero as he produced several stunning saves to deny Nigeria, including key stops against Ademola Lookman, who recently made headlines as the only African nominated for the 2024 Ballon d’Or. Despite Nigeria’s dominance, they were unable to break the deadlock, and when Lookman did find the net, it was ruled out due to a foul in the build-up. Rwanda ranked 92 places below Nigeria, earned a well-deserved point, leaving Nigeria with four points and top in Group D.

Thalente Mbatha of South Africa celebrates goal during the 2025 Africa Cup of Nations Qualifiers match between South Africa and Uganda at Orlando Stadium , in Soweto on 06 September 2024 © Sydney Mahlangu/BackpagePix

Meanwhile, South Africa snatched a thrilling 3-2 win over South Sudan thanks to a 95th-minute strike from substitute Thalente Mbatha. After trailing early from a penalty converted by Toto Okello, South Africa levelled the score through Oswin Appollis, who netted twice before half-time. South Sudan equalized again in the second half, but Mbatha’s late goal, his second consecutive match-winning effort for South Africa, ensured victory for the visitors. South Africa now sits second in Group K.

In other games, Ivory Coast, the defending AFCON champions, beat Chad 2-0 to lead Group G, with Jean-Philippe Krasso opening the scoring. East African teams also celebrated success, as Kenya defeated Namibia 2-1 and Tanzania edged Guinea 2-1 in away fixtures, strengthening their chances of qualification.

As the AFCON qualifiers continue, teams across Africa are jostling for a spot in the prestigious tournament set for 2025, with several standout performances and surprising results.

AFCON
Africa Cup of Nations
South Africa
SHARE.
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Email
 PREVIOUS ARTICLE
Abure Didn’t Remit Challenge Donations – Aisha Yesufu
NEXT ARTICLE 
Ajaero Has Terrorism Case to Answer– Ex DSS Director
Abdullahi Jimoh

RELATED POSTS
Guardiola Vows to Stay Despite Manchester City’s Struggles
DECEMBER 28, 2024
Fulham Stuns Chelsea With Comeback Victory at Stamford Bridge
DECEMBER 27, 2024
Janet Wanja, Kenyan Volleyball Icon, Has Died
DECEMBER 27, 2024
ADD A COMMENT
LATEST STORIES TODAY
Police Officers Arrested for Demanding Bribe in Missing Girl Case
BY TOYIBAT AJOSEDECEMBER 28, 2024

Several officers from the Ogun State Police Command have been arrested for allegedly demanding money…

Libyan Official Meets Syrian Leader Sharaa, Discusses Energy and Migration
Guardiola Vows to Stay Despite Manchester City’s Struggles
Lagos Contractor Sues Wife Over Father’s Unlawful Arrest
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
YouTube
© 2024 Newscentral Television All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://newscentral.africa/afcon-qualifiers-salah-shines-as-egypt-thrash-botswana-south-africa-steal-late-win/ 
 ----- 
