Thursday, January 2, 2025
|
Sign In
SUBSCRIBE
Menu
All Topics
Daily Editions
|
Newsletters
|
Weekly Issue 12.23.2024
MEDIA
Sports Media: 2024 predictions: One final look into the sports media crystal ball
1.8.2024
 
 
 
 
 
 
Look for ESPN to retain the top rights package in the NBA alongside Warner Bros. Discovery, Prime Video and NBC.
GETTY IMAGES

2024 will be ESPN’s year in sports media.

ESPN is faced with several massive decisions — from rights deals to carriage deals to corporate mergers — that will have huge reverberations throughout the sports media business.

Here are my best guesses about what to expect in 2024.

NBA signs $5 billion worth of media deals per year

The NBA nearly doubles the average annual value of its media rights haul by carving out four packages. ESPN retains the top package alongside Warner Bros. Discovery, Amazon Prime Video and NBC. The deals are finalized in the spring.

ESPN wants to keep exclusive rights to the NBA Finals but ends up sharing them every other year with NBC, ensuring that the Finals remains on broadcast television. One reason ESPN agrees to give up part of the NBA Finals — and carry fewer regular-season games — is to conserve money for other deals it will cut later in the year.

Amazon’s deal includes a weekly regular-season schedule — probably Thursday nights — and an exclusive playoff series. Look for Amazon to use Warner Bros. Discovery Sports’ production teams and some of its talent on games, similar to how Amazon uses NBC Sports production on its “Thursday Night Football” games. The NBC and WBD Sports deals include some games that are exclusive to their streaming services, Peacock and Max.

Apple makes a run to pick up all the NBA’s rights globally and actually makes an offer that tempts Commissioner Adam Silver. But the NBA is not ready to give up the reach that broadcast television provides. Netflix does not bid on a package of live rights, but commits to a “Drive to Survive”-style series for the league.

Bonus prediction: Soon after the NBA announces its new media deal, it announces expansion into two markets: Las Vegas and Seattle.

ESPN takes control of NFL Network/NFL RedZone

This is the year that the NFL officially partners with ESPN, a move that sees NFL Network and NFL RedZone folded into Disney’s cable channels. The league keeps control over the content of these channels, and NFL Network gains as much as 12 million subscribers thanks to the move. 

The deal comes after Disney has talked with companies, leagues and private equity for the better part of the year about a stake in ESPN. The NFL started looking for an investor in its media properties a couple of years ago. This is a marriage waiting to happen.

Expect to see more cooperation between the league and ESPN as a result of this agreement, from continued “Monday Night Football” simulcasts on ABC to more alternate programming around the games.

Amazon lands an NFL playoff game in 2025

Amazon ponies up $125 million for exclusive access to an NFL wild-card playoff game next season. For the second year in a row, NBC’s Peacock streaming service also will carry an NFL wild-card playoff game exclusively.

ESPN does not take its main channel DTC in 2024

Despite pressure to accelerate the launch of its flagship channels’ direct-to-consumer service, ESPN keeps to its original plan to launch in the summer of 2025.

ESPN secures CFP rights

For the better part of a year, it’s been assumed that ESPN and Fox will split the expanded College Football Playoff. But Fox has not been as aggressive as originally thought, and Amazon, NBC and Turner will fall below ESPN’s bid. Once it completes its CFP deal, look for ESPN to sell some of the early-round games to other media companies.

ESPN keeps entire NCAA rights package

ESPN keeps the entire NCAA package including the Women’s Basketball Tournament, College World Series, Women’s College World Series and men’s and women’s lacrosse. The NCAA considered peeling off Olympic sports for NBC, but ESPN steps up to keep it all. (Editor’s note: This deal was announced Jan. 4)

ESPN renews UFC deal

The UFC has been one of the main drivers of ESPN+ subscriptions, so ESPN has prioritized renewing this deal. Other media companies kick the tires on the property, but ESPN sews this one up quickly. One scenario that could be in the offing: Disney cuts a TKO Group deal that incorporates both UFC and “ WWE Raw,” which Disney would carry on its FX cable channel. That scenario would become likely if WWE is unable to find enough money from “Raw” suitors. But it looks like one media company will step up for that property.

Amazon picks up “WWE Raw” rights

Amazon gets “WWE Raw” rights and keeps the series on Monday nights. This hits an audience of young males, a demo where Amazon believes it sees growth in Prime subscriptions. Plus, it gives the company another night of live programming on Prime Video.

ESPN exercises the out in its MLB deal

If all my predictions come true this year, ESPN will increase its rights fees payouts for the NBA, CFP, NCAA and UFC. 2024 also will see the channel — all of pay TV, in fact — continue losing subscribers. ESPN will cut costs elsewhere. That’s bad news for MLB.

ESPN and MLB have an “out” clause in their deal after the 2025 season. By the end of this year, ESPN will let MLB know that it will exercise that out in 2025. This does not mean that ESPN will walk away from MLB in 2025. But it does mean that ESPN will try to negotiate a lower rights fee.

NBC will carry more MLB games

Peacock’s deal for Sunday morning MLB games is over, and the league has been shopping it to other media companies. Look for NBC to renew that deal, but only if it can carry more of those games on its broadcast channel. Given the likelihood that ESPN will opt out of its deal after the 2025 season, MLB wants to maintain its relationship with one of the big broadcast networks.

Stephen A., Cowherd leave ESPN, Fox

Following a model started by Bill Simmons, look for two big talkers to exit linear cable and focus more on their own digital companies. Stephen A. Smith’s ESPN deal is up in 2025. But by the end of the year, he will decide to go all in on his podcasting business. It’s a similar story for Colin Cowherd, whose deal also ends in 2025. Cowherd will look to spend more time and effort growing The Volume.

Diamond Sports begins a wind down

Amazon has been talking about making a significant investment in Diamond Sports, as The Wall Street Journal reported in December. Those talks, though, will not cross the finish line. The main reason: Neither Diamond nor Amazon will be able to convince MLB to support the deal. Local MLB, NBA and NHL rights held by Diamond revert back to the leagues after this season, at which point chaos will ensue.

No merger for Paramount

A couple of years ago, D.C. regulators blocked a deal in which Paramount was going to sell Simon & Schuster to Penguin Random House for $2.18 billion. That regulatory environment hasn’t changed, making it unlikely that a Paramount merger with either Warner Bros. Discovery or Comcast gains momentum. A deal to sell to RedBird and Skydance seems more likely to pass regulatory hurdles. But my sources see that as unlikely, too.

CBS walks away from Serie A

CBS does not renew its deal with Italian soccer league Serie A, which ends after the 2023-24 season. CBS, which pays around $75 million for Serie A rights, decides that it makes more financial sense to focus on its Champions League deal as Paramount+’s pathway into European soccer.

Formula One renewal talks start slow

Here’s another area where ESPN will look to cut costs. Formula One will start negotiating a new deal at the end of the year as its ESPN deal runs through 2025, looking for a 50% increase. But amid tepid viewership and a tightening sports rights marketplace, F1 will have a hard time finding takers.

WBD rebrands sports department to TNT Sports

Warner Bros. Discovery already renamed its sports divisions in the United Kingdom and Ireland as TNT Sports. The company will bring that name stateside this year, dropping the cumbersome Warner Bros. Discovery Sports in favor of TNT Sports. It will use TNT Sports regardless of whether the event is carried by TNT, TBS, truTV or Max.

SBJ continues to kick butt

After nearly 18 fabulous years, this is my last column for SBJ. I start a new job at Puck News at the end of the month. When I started in 2006, SBJ was the sports business bible. It still is today and will remain the go-to pub for the foreseeable future. Thank you, everyone, for reading.

PREVIOUS
Facilities: The four biggest stories I’ll be covering in 2024
NEXT
Marketing vet Jackie Woodward is still working to unlock the potential in companies and executives
SPONSORED CONTENT
ADDITIONAL SECTIONS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
PODCASTS
SBJ Morning Buzzcast: January 2, 2025
January 2, 2025

New Year's takeaways; Winter Classic shines in Chicago and a new era begins for the Mavs

2025: The year ahead
January 2, 2025
Happy New Year! On this week’s podcast, co-hosts Austin Karp and Mollie Cahillane lay out what they expect for the year ahead in sports media.
SBJ Presents: ONE Championship Co-Founder and Group President Hua Fung Teh Sponsored by ONE Championship
August 27, 2024
Explore ONE's explosive growth worldwide and the upcoming event in Denver, ONE 168.
SBJ TV
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS
Inside Cosm at SBJ Drive
1 MINS

You have 0 articles remaining
  |  
SUBSCRIBE
Become an industry insider
SUBSCRIBE NOW
DAILY ISSUES
December 30
December 23
December 20
December 19
December 18
December 17
December 16
December 13
December 12
December 11
WEEKLY ISSUE
December 23
December 16
December 9
December 2
November 25
November 18
November 11
November 4
October 28
October 21
Digital Edition
NEWSLETTERS
Betting
College
Facilities
Football
Gaming
Marketing
Media
Power Up
Tech
Unpacks
EDITIONS
Morning Buzz
Closing Bell
Weekend Rap
PODCASTS/TV
All Podcasts
Buzzcast
Unpacks
SBJ TV
SBJ Spotlight
SBJ I Factor
Sports Media
ALL TOPICS
Media
Tech
Executive Transactions
Marketing
International
Data
Franchises
Esports
Betting
Colleges
Facilities
Events and Attractions
Finance
Labor and Agents
Leagues
Olympics
Opinion
People and Pop Culture
Sports and Society
SPONSORED CONTENT
All Sponsored Content
EVENTS
Event Calendar
2025 Tech Week
2025 Sports Business Awards: Tech
2025 CAA World Congress of Sports
4se Sports + Entertainment
Sports Business Awards
Brand Innovation Summit
Thought Leaders
Thought Leaders: Tech
AXS DRIVE
Game Changers
Leaders Week London
Media Innovators
Dealmakers
New Voices Under 30
Forty Under 40
Intercollegiate Athletics Forum
PROPERTIES
On Campus
Newzoo
Leaders in Sport
COMPANY
About Us
Staff
FAQ
Contact Us
Advertise
Editorial Calendar
Celebrate
Subscribe
iOS Mobile App

© 2025 Leaders Group. All rights reserved.
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Leaders Group.

Privacy Policy
User Agreement
 
Cookie Settings
Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportsbusinessjournal.com/Articles/2024/01/08/sports-media 
 ----- 
