HOME
SPORTS
PKL 11
LIVE SCORE
MORE
0
Advertisement

AFC ASIAN CUP

Malaysia name 26-member squad for AFC Asian Cup 2023
Published at :
January 4, 2024 at 6:45 PM
Modified at :
January 13, 2024 at 6:27 PM

Samannay Sen

0
0
Malaysia will lock horns with Jordan in their first group stage game on January 15.

In an eagerly awaited announcement, the Malaysia football team under Kim Pan-gon has finally revealed its squad for the upcoming AFC Asian Cup 2023. With a roster boasting a mix of 26 seasoned veterans and promising young talents, the national team is gearing up for a challenging campaign in one of Asia’s most prestigious football competitions.

The men from Harimau Malaya will face Syria in a friendly on 8 January 2024. This fixture will be a great opportunity for Kim Pangon to experiment with the squad before they kick off the tournament. The Malaysians who stepped in Doha, Qatar on New Year’s Day have been drawn into Group E.

They will kick-start the tournament against Jordan at the Al Janoub Stadium on 15 January 2024 before contesting Bahrain at the Jassim Bin Hamad Stadium just five days later. Their final encounter will be against the mighty South Korea at the Al Janoub arena on 25 January 2024. Kim Pan-gon and Malaysia will miss the services of Syafiq Ahmad who missed out due to an injury.

With a star-studded squad Malaysia under the leadership of Kim Pan-gon will look to make a mark and book their place in the next round with their stakes high.

Malaysia’s squad for AFC Asian Cup 2023

Goalkeepers: Azri Ghani, Syihan Hazmi, Sikh Izhan Nazrel

Defenders: Matthew Davies, Shahrul Saad, Daniel Ting, Syahmi Safari, Dominic Tan, Junior Eldsta, Dion Cools, Corbin Ong, Ahmad Khuzaimi Piee

Midfielders: Stuart Wilkin, Endrick Dos Santos, Syamer Kutty Abba, Brendan Gan, Afiq Fazail, Natxo Insa

Forwards: Faisal Halim, Darren Lok, Safawi Rasid, Arif Aiman Hanapi, Mohamadou Sumareh, Paulo Josue, Akhyar Rashid, Romel Morales

For more updates, follow Khel Now on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Youtube; download the Khel Now Android App or IOS App and join our community on Whatsapp & Telegram.

Latest News
FC Goa's Manolo Marquez outlines 'difficulties' ahead of Odisha FC in ISL
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
FIFA International Women's Friendly: India thrash Maldives in an one-sided game
List of Odisha FC coaches and their performance in ISL
Advertisement
Trending Articles
Indian football team: List of all captains in history
Why ISL clubs should sign more Moroccan players?
Top five managers with most games managed in ISL history
Advertisement
Editor Picks
Hyderabad FC bolster squad with key additions of youngsters
What does Hyderabad FC need to do in the summer transfer window?
I-League: Rajasthan United rope in Givson Singh from Odisha FC
Top 10 goalkeepers with most clean sheets in 2024
NorthEast United's Juan Pedro Benali highlights 'struggles' ahead of Mohammedan SC clash in ISL
Hi there! I'm Khel Snap

TRENDING TOPICS

•
Gaming News
•
Indian Football News
•
Badminton News
•
WWE News
•
PKL 11
•
Hockey News
•
Indian Cricket Team News
•
Tennis News
•
Sports Business News
•
Dream11 Cricket Tips

IMPORTANT LINK

About Us
Home
Khel Now TV
Sitemap
Feed
Careers
Advertise
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Terms Of Use

Download on the

App Store

GET IT ON

Google Play

2024 KhelNow.com Agnificent Platform Technologies Pte. Ltd.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://khelnow.com/football/2024-01-indian-football-afc-asian-cup-malaysia-squad 
 ----- 
