Stay up to date with notifications from The Independent

Notifications can be managed in browser preferences.

Not now
Yes please
Jump to content
Independent
US election
Support Now
Menu
NEWS
SPORTS
VOICES
CULTURE
LIFESTYLE
TRAVEL
PREMIUM
LIVE
updated
9 months ago
SportFootball
England vs Belgium LIVE: Result and final score as Jude Bellingham goal rescues draw at Wembley

England 2-2 Belgium: Bellingham’s 95th-minute equaliser salvaged a draw after Youri Tielemans punished two defensive mistakes

Jamie Braidwood
,
Will Castle
Wednesday 27 March 2024 18:45 EDT
Comments

Independent Premium

Subscribe to Independent Premium to bookmark this article

Want to bookmark your favourite articles and stories to read or reference later? Start your Independent Premium subscription today.

SUBSCRIBE
Already subscribed? Log in
Declan Rice recalls ‘nerves’ breaking into England team as he prepares to captain country

A late Jude Bellingham goal rescued England from a second consecutive defeat at Wembley as Gareth Southgate’s side salvaged a 2-2 draw against Belgium.

The Three Lions had trailed to a Youri Tielemans brace after Belgium punished two defensive mistakes in the first half - but Bellingham found an equaliser with the last kick of the game after England dominated the second half.

Aston Villa midfielder Tielemans scored twice before half-time, first punishing goalkeeper Jordan Pickford’s woeful clearance, before Romelu Lukaku’s perfect cross set up his second after Lewis Dunk’s slip.

Ivan Toney scored his first England goal from the penalty spot to equalise in the first half, but Bellingham saw two chances go begging while Phil Foden also narrowly shot wide.

And Bellingham’s perseverance was rewarded as the Real Madrid midfielder fired a 95th-minute equaliser. Follow live updates from England vs Belgium in tonight’s live blog, while you can get the latest odds and tips on the match, here:

RECOMMENDED
Jude Bellingham’s new England role provides late twist to Gareth Southgate’s Euros plans
England player ratings as Jordan Pickford and Lewis Dunk errors prove costly against Belgium
Kobbie Mainoo’s impressive debut arrives just in time to give England ‘different’ Euros option
ENGLAND VS BELGIUM: LATEST UPDATES FROM WEMBLEY
FT! Late Bellingham goal rescues 2-2 draw with Belgium
90+4’ GOAL! Bellingham salvages draw right at the death (ENG 2-2 BEL)
38’ GOAL! Tielemans scores again after Dunk slip and Lukaku cross (ENG 1-2 BEL)
28’ NO GOAL! Jarrod Bowen header ruled out due to tight offside (ENG 1-1 BEL)
17’ GOAL! Ivan Toney cooly converts penalty for first England goal (ENG 1-1 BEL)
11’ GOAL! Pickford gives ball away and is caught as Tielemans fires in (ENG 0-1 BEL)
England without several first-choice names as injury crisis continues
Pinned
Jude Bellingham’s new England role provides late twist to Gareth Southgate’s Euros plans

On a night when Jude Bellingham may have lost his status as the youngest prodigy in the England midfield, he still had the final say.

An evening of erratic finishing from Real Madrid’s top scorer concluded with the surest of shots, tucked into the bottom corner for a 95th-minute equaliser against Belgium: Bellingham has often had a flair for the dramatic and, in sparing England a second defeat in four days, he delivered just his third international goal.

If the glimpse of the future had come first from Kobbie Mainoo, with a dextrous touch and a lovely ability to evade opponents, on his maiden international start, England then saw what the Bernabeu has witnessed for much of this season: Bellingham the goalscorer.

By Richard Jolly

Jude Bellingham’s new role provides late twist to Gareth Southgate’s Euros plans

England 2-2 Belgium: The Real Madrid midfielder’s late equaliser and third goal for his country rescued England from a second straight defeat at Wembley

Will Castle26 March 2024 22:52
9 months ago
Kobbie Mainoo’s impressive debut arrives just in time to give England ‘different’ Euros option

Jude Bellingham was suddenly the “old head” in the England midfield, and after rescuing a late draw against Belgium, his next touch at Wembley was to provide a sense of calm. “I know how hard it can be when people put a lot of pressure on you, so I don’t want to add fuel to the fire,” he began. Yet Bellingham also knew what he had seen. “He was good tonight,” he said. “He’s definitely a brilliant player and he’s going to have an amazing future at Manchester United and hopefully for England as well.”

Enter Kobbie Mainoo. Bellingham’s words are important, as the conversation around the 18-year-old midfielder and his chances of featuring at the Euros this summer moves onto the next stage of its remarkable escalation. These were far from ideal conditions to make your first England start: a heavy, damp pitch, an impatient, worried Wembley crowd, an unsettled, disjointed England team. Whether Mainoo had shone or struggled, at 18, it is far too early into his senior career for his prospects to be judged on one night alone.

But Mainoo was genuinely excellent against Belgium, bringing a quality of touch and composure that stood out, offering something different and exciting in an England midfield that is so close to being on the cusp of world-class.

Kobbie Mainoo arrives just in time to give England ‘different’ Euros option

England 2-2 Belgium: The 18-year-old was named player of the match on his full international debut and can now solve a problem position for Gareth Southgate

Jamie Braidwood27 March 2024 22:45
9 months ago
When will England’s Euro 2024 squad be named?

England players have only a few more weeks to impress before Gareth Southgate names his squad for this summer’s Euro 2024 in Germany.

Southgate picked a 25-man squad for March’s two friendly games against Brazil and Belgium, before adding a 26th man with the late call-up of Manchester United’s teenage sensation Kobbie Mainoo.

However, with a number of players absent through injury, including Trent Alexander-Arnold, Luke Shaw, Reece James, Kieran Trippier, Marc Guehi and Callum Wilson to name but a few, there are still plenty of decisions for Southgate to make before he settles on his final 23 players for the tournament.

The reduction in squad size from the 26 players allowed at the past two major tournaments means Southgate is unlikely to gamble on players who have not proven their fitness come the end of the season, with the Premier League to conclude on Sunday 19 May.

Here is everything you need to know about the squad announcement.

By Lawrence Ostlere

When will England’s Euro 2024 squad be named?

Gareth Southgate will name a 23-player squad for the European Championship in Germany this summer

Will Castle26 March 2024 23:17
9 months ago
England player ratings as Jordan Pickford and Lewis Dunk errors prove costly against Belgium

Jude Bellingham scored in the dying seconds at Wembley to salvage a 2-2 draw a against Belgium, denying the visitors a first ever win in England.

The Three Lions dominated for much of the game but found themselves behind at the break, with Ivan Toney’s equalising penalty sandwiched in between two preventable Youri Tielemans goals.

Phil Foden, Ivan Toney and Kobbie Mainoo all had openings to level terms after the interval, but it would be in the fifth minute of four added on that England found parity, with Bellingham slotting home after brilliant work from Ollie Watkins and James Maddison kept the ball alive.

It spares Gareth Southgate’s blushes of suffering back-to-back home defeats, with the England boss now turning full focus to his squad selection for Euro 2024.

Here are how the players rated at Wembley.

By Will Castle

England player ratings as Jordan Pickford and Lewis Dunk errors prove costly

England 2-2 Belgium: Jude Bellingham slotted home in the 95th minute to spare England blushes in their final game before Gareth Southgate decides his Euro 2024 squad

Will Castle26 March 2024 22:28
9 months ago
(The FA via Getty Images)
(Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
Will Castle26 March 2024 22:26
9 months ago
Ivan Toney hopeful he’s made an impression

Ivan Toney has been speaking after the game after bagging his first goal in an England shirt against Belgium.

“Very special to get on the scoresheet,” he said. It would have been a bit of a downer if we lost the game but thankfully we drew. I feel like we fully deserved something.

“I’ve always got to stay calm on the penalty spot, I always do that, take my time and walk away with the ball. I saw the keeper try to come out and put me off but I just stay calm, make the keeper work for me and slot it in the back of the net.

“I hope I did (make an impression). I always try and work hard, even when I’m not playing. I always support the boys, like I say all the time, it’s friendly competition, I wish him (Ollie Watkins) all the best every time he goes on the pitch.

“But I felt like I’ve done well today and hopefully I’ve done enough to put my name forward to go to the Euros.”

Will Castle26 March 2024 22:19
9 months ago
FULL-TIME: England 2-2 Belgium

England were a breathe away from a second consecutive defeat at Wembley - yet looking back on that performance, there was a lot to be encouraged by.

The Three Lions were far and away the dominant side, creating a shower of good opportunities and breaking down the Belgium back-line on a fair few occasions.

Ultimately it was their final product that let them down in the 90 minutes - as well two defensive mishaps which brought about both of Youri Tielemans’ goals.

The likes of Jarred Bowen, Ivan Toney and Kobbie Mainoo also gave fans quite a bit to write home about, demonstrating that there is depth beyond England’s marquee talents.

Will Castle26 March 2024 22:13
9 months ago
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
(The FA via Getty Images)
Will Castle26 March 2024 21:58
9 months ago
FULL TIME: England 2-2 Belgium

Jude Bellingham salvaged a draw in the dying seconds at Wembley to deny Belgium a first ever win in England.

The Three Lions dominated for much of the game but found themselves behind at the break, with Ivan Toney’s equalising penalty sandwiched in between two preventable Youri Tielemans goals.

Phil Foden, Ivan Toney and Kobbie Mainoo all had openings to level terms after the interval, but it would take the fifth minute of four added on to find parity, with Bellingham slotting home after brilliant work from Ollie Watkins and James Maddison kept the ball alive.

It spares Gareth Southgate’s blushes of suffering back-to-back home defeats, with the England boss now turning full focus to his squad selection for Euro 2024.

Will Castle26 March 2024 21:45
9 months ago
GOAL! England 2-2 Belgium

90+5 mins: GOAL! ENGLAND HAVE RESCUED IT!

Jude Bellingham proves that persistence pays offs as he slots home in the fifth minute of four added minutes.

Effectively the last kick of the game, it denies Belgium a first ever win in England.

Will Castle26 March 2024 21:40
Newer
1
 / 9
Older
More aboutEngland Football TeamBelgium FootballGareth SouthgateEuro 2024Kobbie MainooIvan ToneyJude BellinghamJordan PickfordYouri Tielemans
Join our commenting forum

Join thought-provoking conversations, follow other Independent readers and see their replies

Comments
GET IN TOUCH
Contact us
OUR PRODUCTS
Register
Newsletters
Donate
Today’s Edition
Install our app
Archive
OTHER PUBLICATIONS
International editions
Independent en Español
Independent Arabia
Independent Turkish
Independent Persian
Independent Urdu
The Standard
EXTRAS
Puzzles
All topics
Betting Offers
Voucher codes
Competitions and offers
Independent Advertising
Independent Ignite
Syndication
Working at The Independent
LEGAL
Code of conduct and complaints
Contributors
Cookie policy
Donations Terms & Conditions
Privacy policy
User policies
Modern Slavery Statement
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.the-independent.com/sport/football/england-belgium-live-stream-score-result-b2518232.html 
 ----- 
