TV Guide
TV
Soaps
Film
Gaming
More
Christmas
Subscribe
Going Out
Holidays
Money
RT Shop
RT Puzzles
Newsletters
Download Our App
Home
TV
Sport
Football
What channel is England v Belgium international match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
❚ We may earn commission from links on this page. Our editorial is always independent (learn more)
What channel is England v Belgium international match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

Check out how to watch England v Belgium in an international match, including TV channel, radio coverage and kick-off time.

Getty Images
Michael Potts
Published: Monday, 25 March 2024 at 1:42 pm
Subscribe to Radio Times magazine and get 10 issues for £10
Share on facebook
Share on twitter
Share on pinterest
Share on reddit
Email to a friend

England wrap up their international break with a testing showdown against Belgium at Wembley this week.

The Three Lions were lacklustre as they fell to a 1-0 defeat to Brazil at the weekend, despite the best efforts of Jude Bellingham.

The Real Madrid megastar looked impressive despite being left bruised and battered by the physical opposition midfield.

Buy the new England Euro 2024 shirt

Boss Gareth Southgate knows he is under pressure to deliver with arguably England's brightest squad in a generation.

Belgium's own golden generation is in decline, but they still pose a threat - with Romelu Lukaku, Jeremy Doku and Leandro Trossard set to lead the line in London.

More like this
What channel is England v Bosnia and Herzegovina international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time

RadioTimes.com has rounded up everything you need to know about how to watch England v Belgium on TV and online.

Read more football features: Best players in the world | Best players of all time | Live football on TV today | Premier League TV schedule | Championship TV schedule

When is England v Belgium?

England v Belgium will take place on Tuesday 26th March 2024.

Check out our live football on TV guide for the latest times and information.

England v Belgium kick-off time

England v Belgium will kick off at 7:45pm.

What TV channel is England v Belgium on?

Fans can tune in to watch the game for free on Channel 4 from 7pm.

How to live stream England v Belgium online

You can also live stream the match via Channel 4 on a range of devices including laptops, smartphones and tablets.

Listen to England v Belgium on radio

You can listen to the match on BBC Radio 5 Sports Extra.

BBC Radio 5 Live is available on DAB radio or online via the BBC website or BBC Sounds app.

Stay on the ball

Our Football newsletter: news, views and previews of this week's games on TV

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

England v Belgium odds

In working partnership with the Radio Times, bet365 has provided the following betting odds for this event:

bet365 odds: England (4/5) Draw (5/2) Belgium (15/4)*

Bet Boost: Marcus Rashford over 0.5 shots on target, Anthony Gordon over 0.5 shots on target, England to win – 3/1 13/4

Bet Boosts are only available to new and eligible customers, and are subject to availability.

For all the latest football odds and more, visit bet365 today. Bet £10 & Get £30 in Free Bets for new customers at bet365.

Min deposit requirement. Free Bets are paid as Bet Credits and are available for use upon settlement of bets to value of qualifying deposit. Min odds, bet and payment method exclusions apply. Returns exclude Bet Credits stake. Time limits and T&Cs apply.

*Odds subject to change. 18+. T&Cs apply. BeGambleAware.org. Note – The bonus code RT365 does not change the offer amount in any way.

If you're looking for something else to watch, check out our TV Guide or Streaming Guide, or visit our Sport hub for all the latest news.

Try Radio Times magazine today and get 10 issues for only £10 – subscribe now. For more from the biggest stars in TV, listen to The Radio Times Podcast.

Authors
Michael Potts
Sport Editor

Michael Potts is the Sport Editor for Radio Times, covering all of the biggest sporting events across the globe with previews, features, interviews and more. He has worked for Radio Times since 2019 and previously worked on the sport desk at Express.co.uk after starting his career writing features for What Culture. He achieved a first-class degree in Sports Journalism in 2014.

Visit us on Twitter
Advertisement
Advertisement
You may like
What channel is England v Brazil international match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is England v Bosnia and Herzegovina international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Advertisement
You may also like
What channel is England v Bosnia and Herzegovina international friendly on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is England v Brazil international match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is England v USA Women's International match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
What channel is England v Netherlands Women's Nations League match on? TV coverage, live stream and kick-off time
Subscribe to Radio Times

Try 10 issues for just £10!

SUBSCRIBE
Win a trip to see The Railway Children

with Bradford City of Culture 2025. One Radio Times reader will win a wonderful trip for four to see The Railway Children. As well as tickets to the show, you will enjoy an overnight stay in a Suite at the four-star Cedar Court Hotel Bradford

ENTER NOW
Enjoy retirement with equity release

With our top four equity release facts you will have a better idea of what’s really on offer and whether it could be right for you.

FIND OUT MORE
The best TV and entertainment news in your inbox

Sign up to receive our newsletter!

Email address
SIGN UP

By entering your details, you are agreeing to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time.

Visit us on Facebook
Visit us on Twitter
Visit us on Instagram
Visit us on Pinterest
Visit us on Youtube
Visit us on Rss
Privacy & Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Code of Conduct
Advertise
Complaints
About Us
Contact Us
Manage Privacy Settings
Website is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. www.immediatemedia.co.uk
© Immediate Media Company Ltd. 2024
GoodFood.com
olivemagazine.com
GardenersWorld.com
MadeforMums.com
HistoryExtra.com
TheRecommended.com
RadioTimesMoney.com
RadioTimesPuzzles.com
TV listings
TV
Streaming
What to Watch
Drama
Comedy
Soaps
Anime
Entertainment
Fantasy
Sci-fi
Doctor Who
Film
Marvel
Star Wars
Video
Fast and Furious
Netflix
Sport
Football
Rugby union
Cricket
Formula 1
Boxing
Gaming
Cheats + Mods
Upcoming games
One More Life
Technology
The Best Ever
Going Out
Quizzes
Podcast
Magazine
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.radiotimes.com/tv/sport/football/england-belgium-international-match-2023-24-preview/ 
 ----- 
