Light
Home
Transfer News
Paper Talk
Premier League
Teams
Your Say
Buy tickets
Login
Sign Up
Ad
Home
News
Real Madrid Transfers: Record-breaking €150m Move To Humble Barcelona And Shatter Man City Dream
Real Madrid prepare record-breaking €150m transfer to humble Barcelona and shatter Man City dream
Steve Pearson
07 Jul 2024 9:28 AM

Real Madrid are confident they’ll be the ones to complete a club-record deal for a €150m-rated superstar also being chased by Barcelona and Manchester City, according to reports.

Real Madrid very rarely fail to get their man in the market. Los Blancos fended off stiff interest and bigger bids from Liverpool and Manchester City when securing the services of Jude Bellingham one year ago.

Carlo Ancelotti’s side have also succeeded in pulling off arguably the biggest free agent coup in football history when luring Kylian Mbappe to the Bernabeu.

Further evidence of Real Madrid’s unbeatable appeal comes in the form of Lille centre-back Leny Yoro.

Both Liverpool and Manchester United have actively pursued the 18-year-old Frenchman who is viewed as a ‘can’t miss’ talent. However, Yoro has already informed Real Madrid they are the only club he wishes to join.

According to a fresh update from Spanish outlet AS, yet another rising young superstar could be bound for the Spanish capital.

Real Madrid want Florian Wirtz in 2025

They state Real Madrid are ‘confident’ of winning the race to sign Bayer Leverkusen and Germany ace, Florian Wirtz.

The 21-year-old enjoyed a truly remarkable campaign last term when notching 38 goal contributions in just 49 appearances.

Wirtz helped fire Leverkusen to their first Bundesliga title. Xabi Alonso’s side also won the German Cup and progressed to the final of the Europa League.

Ad

Wirtz is content to remain with Leverkusen for at least one more season. That is music to the ears of Leverkusen chiefs who according to transfer guru Fabrizio Romano, consider the player ‘untouchable’ this window.

However, the story may well be different in 2025, with AS reporting Real Madrid ‘believe that they will secure the services of the German pearl next season.’

Various reports in Germany have stated Leverkusen will demand a whopping €150m/£127m before letting Wirtz go.

Ad

Such a sum would smash Real Madrid’s transfer record. The current record remains the €120m the signing of Eden Hazard eventually cost (initial fee plus subsequent add-ons).

Jude Bellingham’s transfer could surpass Hazard’s if certain add-ons are met, though even that would pale in comparison to paying €150m for Wirtz. Of course, Real Madrid would no doubt attempt to cajole Leverkusen into lowering their demands.

READ MORE: Real Madrid’s best non-Galactico signings since 2000: Surprise names head the list

Barcelona and Man City at Real Madrid’s mercy

Signing Wirtz would help cement Real Madrid’s place as the dominant force in European football for years to come.

It would also help to land a blow on bitter rivals Barcelona who per AS, are also desperate to sign the German.

Real Madrid and Barcelona don’t often compete for the same player in the transfer market. Wirtz signing for Real Madrid would be further evidence Ancelotti’s side are the number one team in Spain.

Content continues below

Ad

HAVE YOU SEEN: Barcelona transfers: FIVE players Hansi Flick could target for reunions

The move would also throw a spanner in the works over at Premier League champions Man City.

TEAMtalk has learned Wirtz is one of a handful of major-name players City are considering signing as the heir to Kevin De Bruyne.

The Belgian maestro, 33, is understood to have warmed to the idea of leaving for a late-career payday in Saudi Arabia.

Al-Ittihad have struck an agreement on personal terms with the player and have been granted permission to enter talks with Man City regarding the transfer fee.

Given De Bruyne’s contract only has one year remaining, Man City are open to cashing in.

Our insider, Rudy Galetti, learned Wirtz, Xavi Simons and Jamal Musiala are the three players City are considering as De Bruyne replacements.

But with Wirtz unavailable for transfer this summer and potentially heading to the Bernabeu next summer, Man City’s shortlist may already be a man down.

DON’T MISS: Inter Milan ready to hijack Man City transfer and shatter Barcelona dream

Ad
Question 1
Kevin de Bruyne cost Man City £55m. Was the price they paid for Rodri higher or lower?
use 
hint
Higher
Lower

Real Madrid
Barcelona
Florian Wirtz
YOU MAY ALSO LIKE
Related Articles
Samuel Bannister
38 minutes ago
Arne Slot gives one Liverpool guarantee on Trent Alexander-Arnold as Real Madrid raise stakes for immediate transfer

Slot has spoken about Alexander-Arnold for the first time since Madrid's approach and amid fresh claims they're now willing to pay more

Liverpool
Arne Slot
James Holland
4 hours ago
Alexander-Arnold gives Liverpool two demands to sign bumper new contract and reject Real Madrid

Trent Alexander-Arnold has named the terms he wants from Liverpool in order to extend his contract and snub Real Madrid, as per an insider

Liverpool
Real Madrid
Ciaran McCarthy
14 hours ago
Real Madrid ‘in contact’ with star attacker in transfer ’embarrassment’ for rivals Barcelona

Real Madrid could race past Barcelona and land a star attacker who their La Liga rivals have previously put in a lot of work to sign, which could be for nothing

Real Madrid
Barcelona
Ciaran McCarthy
16 hours ago
Real Madrid plot enormous triple transfer, with Liverpool defender aside from Alexander-Arnold courted

Real Madrid have set their sights on yet another Liverpool player, with danger creeping in that multiple men could be lost in quick succession

Liverpool
Real Madrid
Featured Articles
Every Premier League player out of contract at the end of the season: Liverpool trio, six Man Utd stars…
18 hours ago
Trent Alexander-Arnold: Eight Liverpool replacement options as fears grow Real Madrid move is on
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Man City crisis: Nine biggest transfer mistakes that have caused Pep Guardiola downfall
31 Dec 2024
2
Manchester City
Premier League Signings of the Season Power Ranking: Man Utd star jumps to third, no catching surprise leader…
25 Dec 2024
Mo Salah, Van Dijk next? The last 10 Liverpool players to sign a new contract aged 30+ and how they fared
25 Dec 2024
Liverpool
Paper Talk
Exclusives
Conte eyes £30m Chelsea man as Blues lay out January transfer terms
2 hours ago
Chelsea
Newcastle transfer stance on Dubravka revealed as Saudi contract offer emerges
19 hours ago
Newcastle United
Man Utd stand firm on Marcus Rashford price as German suitor take concrete steps towards deal
02 Jan 2025
Manchester United
Pundits
Carragher compares Amorim at Man Utd to Potter at Chelsea – but backs Ten Hag difference to prevent sack
1 hour ago
1
Manchester United
Paul Merson claims Arsenal could sign elite Premier League star in blockbuster January deal
4 hours ago
Arsenal
Mo Salah ‘desperate’ to get Liverpool contract sorted as old boy advises FSG how to get signing over the line
02 Jan 2025
Liverpool
Planet Sport Network
Planet Sport Group
Planet Sport Partners
TEAMtalk Info
Social

© Planet Sport Limited 2025 • All Rights Reserved

Ad
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.teamtalk.com/news/real-madrid-prepare-record-breaking-e150m-transfer-humble-barcelona-shatter-man-city-dream 
 ----- 
