LOGIN
FREE TRIAL
SUBSCRIBE
HOME
SPORT
FOOTBALL
Copa America: Costa Rica beats Paraguay but exits as Colombia, Brazil advance
Brazil will play Uruguay in the quarterfinals

Published - July 03, 2024 10:49 am IST - AUSTIN, Texas

REUTERS
READ LATER
PRINT

Luis Diaz of Colombia controls the ball during the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024 Group D match between Brazil and Colombia at Levi’s Stadium on July 02, 2024 in Santa Clara, California. | Photo Credit: Getty Images via AFP

Costa Rica scored two early goals to beat Paraguay 2-1 in their final Copa America Group D match on Tuesday but failed to move into the quarter-finals after finishing third following Brazil's 1-1 draw with Colombia.

Colombia finished as group winners with seven points while Brazil also advanced as runners-up with five. Costa Rica return home with four points while Paraguay exit after three losses.

"This was a very tough group. We were playing against Brazil and Colombia, two of the four favourites to win the Copa," Costa Rica coach Gustavo Alfaro told reporters.

"We had our strengths, our achievements and our mistakes, but we grew and we're analysing the performance rather than the results.

"The important thing is that we learn and that this was a very short tournament that we had to seize to the fullest."

Costa Rica needed results to go their way along with a big swing in goal difference to qualify and they wasted no time getting on the board when skipper Francisco Calvo and Josimar Alcocer made it 2-0 inside seven minutes.

Calvo headed home from the edge of the six-yard box in the third minute while 19-year-old Alcocer powered past several players before pulling the trigger from well outside the box to beat the keeper.

But Paraguay came to life in the second half and Costa Rica's hopes of qualifying dwindled 10 minutes after the restart when Ramon Sosa scored his first goal for his country.

Costa Rica's defence could do nothing as Mathias Villasanti dribbled into the box and set up Sosa, who blasted the ball into the top corner past the outstretched hand of goalkeeper Patrick Sequeira.

Costa Rica nearly conceded again from a corner in added time, the ball deflecting off Fabian Balbuena's head to Angel Romero but his shot failed to make it past the fingertips of Sequeira.

It marked the first time since 1925 that Paraguay had lost all of their group matches.

"It was a bad tournament, a bad performance," coach Daniel Garnero said.

Speaking about his future, he added: "I am here because the association requested my services and if they don't want me to continue, that is their decision. I'll have to discuss that with them."

Brazil advances

Brazil played out an action-packed 1-1 draw with Colombia in California on Tuesday to set up a mouth-watering Copa America quarter-final against Uruguay.

Colombia, who finished top of Group D on seven points, will face Panama in the last eight.

Daniel Munoz’s first-half strike for Colombia cancelled out an impressive early free kick from Brazil’s Raphinha. The result extended Colombia’s unbeaten streak to 26 matches, though it did mark the end of their 10-match winning run.

Published - July 03, 2024 10:49 am IST

 READ COMMENTS
READ LATER
PRINT
Related Topics

soccer

Most Popular
Pakistan village mourns ‘Mohna’, boy who became PM
Why do we lose muscle mass with age? Scientists find one factor
Kohli family in Hubballi quietly mourns demise of Manmohan Singh
Former PM Manmohan Singh cremated with full state honours
Watch: Manmohan Singh’s village in present-day Pakistan mourns his passing
One person arrested for sexual assault of Anna University student on the campus
Top News Today
The Hindu
About Us
Code of Editorial Values
News Archive
Sitemap
Print Subscription
Digital Subscription
Subscribe to Newsletters
Rss Feeds
Readers Editor-Terms of Reference
Authors & Contributors
Gift Front page
Contact us
Contact Us
Social Media
Advertise With Us
Group News Sites
Business Line
BL on Campus
Sportstar
Frontline
இந்து தமிழ் திசை
The Hindu Centre
Young World Club
The Hindu ePaper
Business Line ePaper
Crossword + Free Games
Other Products
RoofandFloor
STEP
Images
Classifieds - Print
Bookstore & Special Publications
Popular Sections
Elections
Israeli–Palestinian conflict 2023
Latest News
National News
International News
Videos
Life & Style
Food
Podcast
Showcase
Opinion
Editorial
Columns
Comment
Cartoon
Letters
Interview
Lead
Business
Agri-Business
Industry
Economy
Markets
Budget
Sport
Cricket
Football
Hockey
Tennis
Athletics
Motorsport
Races
Other Sports
Sci-Tech
Science
Technology
Health
Agriculture
Environment
Gadgets
Internet
States
Andhra Pradesh
Karnataka
Kerala
Tamil Nadu
Telangana
Cities
Bengaluru
Chennai
Coimbatore
Delhi
Hyderabad
Kochi
Kolkata
Kozhikode
Madurai
Mangaluru
Mumbai
Puducherry
Thiruvananthapuram
Tiruchirapalli
Vijayawada
Visakhapatnam
Trending on The Hindu
Superstar Rajinikanth turns 74 
News 
Live news 
Places of Worship Act in Supreme Court LIVE 
Latest cricket news 
Gukesh vs Ding World Chess Championship Game 14 LIVE 
Parliament Winter Session Day 14 LIVE 
Tamil Nadu rains LIVE Dec 12 
Pushpa 2 Stampede 
Proba 3 mission: ISRO successfully launches PSLV-C59 
Trending on Group sites
Stock Market Live Updates 
IPL Auction 2025 Live | Sportstar 
Stocks to buy today 
Domestic cricket 
Chess 
Gold Rate Today 
Silver Rate Today 
BJP is back to its favourite bogey: ‘The Other’ 
Editor’s Note: Putting Muslims in their place? 
Frontline Current Issue 
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY

Copyright© 2024, THG PUBLISHING PVT LTD. or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.

BACK TO TOP
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thehindu.com/sport/football/copa-america-costa-rica-beats-paraguay-but-exits-as-colombia-brazil-advance/article68362181.ece 
 ----- 
