MY FAVS
Access and manage your favorites here
DISMISS
Costa Rica eliminated from the Copa America despite beating Paraguay 2-1 in group stage finale
Updated Jul. 2, 2024 11:26 p.m. ET
SHARE
FACEBOOK
X
REDDIT
LINK
Associated Press

AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Costa Rica was eliminated from the Copa America despite beating Paraguay 2-1 on Tuesday night as Francisco Calvo and 19-year-old Josimar Alcócer scored in the opening seven minutes.

Costa Rica finished third in Group D with four points when Colombia and Brazil played a 1-1 draw. The Brazilians took second place with five points.

Paraguay had been eliminated when it lost its first two matches.

The Ticos were eliminated in the group stage for the fourth time after 1997, 2011 and 2016. They reached the quarterfinals in 2001 and 2004.

ADVERTISEMENT

Calvo was left wide open in front of the net to head home Joseph Mora's bending cross in the third minute. Four minutes later, Alcócer dribbled from near midfield and slotted a shot from distance past a diving Rodrigo Morínigo.

Those were Costa Rica’s only two shots on goal.

Paraguay held possession for a majority of the second half and Ramón Sosa scored his first international goal in the 55th.

Costa Rica goalkeeper Patrick Sequeira preserved the victory by making a fingertip save of Ángel Romero's close-range shot in second-half stoppage time.

Costa Rica has not finished the group stage without a victory since 1997, its first appearance as a guest at South America's championship.

Visit Oregon with our Local Guides
Oregon’s winter beauty is endless when you tag along with an expert...
Travel Oregon|Sponsored
Who are the 10 greatest Green Bay Packers of all time?
Who are the 10 greatest Green Bay Packers of all time? FOX Sports Research compiled the list of Packer greats.
Here’s How to Save Money on Psoriatic Arthritis Prescriptions - GoodRx
GoodRx|Sponsored
Tom Brady picks his Super Bowl favorite a few weeks before NFL playoffs start
Tom Brady knows most of all how the postseason differs from the regular season —and who is built to win.
Pete Carroll reportedly eyeing return to coaching, targeting Bears
Former Super Bowl champion Pete Carroll is looking to return to coaching in 2025 and is reportedly eyeing the Bears' vacancy.

___

AP Copa America coverage: https://apnews.com/hub/copa-america

SHARE
IN THIS TOPIC
International Friendlies
Costa Rica
Paraguay
Copa América
COPA - Costa Rica vs. Paraguay - 07/03/2024
TOP LEAGUES
NFL
College Football
NBA
MLB
College Basketball
UFL
TOP SHOWS
The Herd with Colin Cowherd
First Things First
Speak
Breakfast Ball
The Facility
AFFILIATED APPS
FOX Sports
QUICK LINKS
Soccer Leagues and Tournaments
2024 NFL Power Rankings
NFL Scores
Super Bowl 2025
2024 NFL Playoff Bracket
FOX SPORTS™, SPEED™, SPEED.COM™ & © 2024 Fox Media LLC and Fox Sports Interactive Media, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this website (including any and all parts and components) constitutes your acceptance of these Updated Terms of Use and Privacy Policy | Advertising Choices | Your Privacy Choices | Closed Captioning
HelpPressAdvertise with UsJobsFOX CincyRSSSitemap
FS1FOXFOX NewsFox CorporationFOX Sports SupportsFOX Deportes
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.foxsports.com/articles/soccer/costa-rica-eliminated-from-the-copa-america-despite-beating-paraguay-21-in-group-stage-finale 
 ----- 
