CHINA
GLOBAL EDITION
HONG KONG
HOME
NEWS
FOCUS
OPINION
GBA
VIDEO
VISUAL NEWS
NEWS
>
Sports
>
Content
Published: 10:25, July 3, 2024
Costa Rica beat Paraguay but exit Copa America as Colombia, Brazil advance
By Reuters
Share
Paraguay forward Ramón Sosa (24) and Costa Rica defender Jeyland Mitchell (3) go for the ball during a Copa America Group D soccer match between Costa Rica and Paraguay, July 2, 2024, in Austin, Texas. (PHOTO / AP) 

AUSTIN, Texas - Costa Rica scored two early goals to beat Paraguay 2-1 in their final Copa America Group D match on Tuesday but failed to move into the quarter-finals after finishing third following Brazil's 1-1 draw with Colombia.

Colombia finished as group winners with seven points while Brazil also advanced as runners-up with five. Costa Rica return home with four points while Paraguay exit after three losses.

READ MORE: Copa America hosts US eliminated after 1-0 defeat by Uruguay

"This was a very tough group. We were playing against Brazil and Colombia, two of the four favorites to win the Copa," Costa Rica coach Gustavo Alfaro told reporters.

"We had our strengths, our achievements and our mistakes, but we grew and we're analyzing the performance rather than the results.

"The important thing is that we learn and that this was a very short tournament that we had to seize to the fullest."

Costa Rica needed results to go their way along with a big swing in goal difference to qualify and they wasted no time getting on the board when skipper Francisco Calvo and Josimar Alcocer made it 2-0 inside seven minutes.

Costa Rica defender Orlando Galo (14) is tripped by Paraguay defender Néstor Giménez (13) during the second half of a Copa America Group D soccer match between Costa Rica and Paraguay, July 2, 2024, in Austin, Texas. (PHOTO / AP)

Calvo headed home from the edge of the six-yard box in the third minute while 19-year-old Alcocer powered past several players before pulling the trigger from well outside the box to beat the keeper.

But Paraguay came to life in the second half and Costa Rica's hopes of qualifying dwindled 10 minutes after the restart when Ramon Sosa scored his first goal for his country.

READ MORE: Panama beat Bolivia to reach Copa quarterfinals, US out

Costa Rica's defense could do nothing as Mathias Villasanti dribbled into the box and set up Sosa, who blasted the ball into the top corner past the outstretched hand of goalkeeper Patrick Sequeira.

Costa Rica nearly conceded again from a corner in added time, the ball deflecting off Fabian Balbuena's head to Angel Romero but his shot failed to make it past the fingertips of Sequeira.

READ MORE: Martinez double powers Argentina to top of Copa America Group A

It marked the first time since 1925 that Paraguay had lost all of their group matches.

"It was a bad tournament, a bad performance," coach Daniel Garnero said.

Speaking about his future, he added: "I am here because the association requested my services and if they don't want me to continue, that is their decision. I'll have to discuss that with them."

Share
ALSO READ
MORE
Vinicius Jr should have won Ballon d'Or, says Ronaldo
Team spirit sees soccer achieve another goal
Chinese table tennis stars Fan and Chen quit world rankings
Gao, Zhang inspire China to opening win at United Cup
Amorim struggles as Premier League's other Portuguese coaches thrive
Dominant Brighton forced to settle for 0-0 draw with Brentford
Arsenal's Saka out for more than two months after hamstring surgery
Arsenal climb to second with 1-0 win over struggling Ipswich
NEWS
Hong Kong
Nation
Asia
World
Business
Science
Sports
FOCUS
Life & Art
In-depth China
Quirky
Photo
Graphics
Data
Culture HK
Global Weekly
Eye on Asia
Special
From PR Newswire
OPINION
Editorials
Columnists
David Cottam
Grenville Cross
Richard Cullen
Tom Fowdy
Henry Ho
Ho Lok-sang
Ken Ip
Regina Ip
Tony Kwok
Lau Siu-kai
Dominic Lee
Virginia Lee
Quentin Parker
Tu Haiming
Xiao Ping
GBA
GBA Guide
GBA Life
GBA in Figures
GBA Pulse
VIDEO
Girl City
Drone and Phone
Asia Featured
China Daily DOCS
Tech Asia
Hong Kong Enquirer
VISUAL NEWS
Readable News
The Gold
Beats of Taiwan
90 Sec Doc
CDHK In-Depth
Youth from Hong Kong and Macao
Peak Talk
The 50th Anniversary of China-Malaysia Diplomatic Relations
EPAPER
Hong Kong Edition
Global Weekly
MORE
Roundtable
Campus News Awards
Newsletter
Lifestyle Premium
COMPANY
About UsServices & ProductsAdvertise on SiteContact UsSubscriptionsJoin UsAccessibility StatementPrivacy Policy
Follow Us
Download Our App
Google Play
Android (APK)
iOS App Store
CHINAGLOBAL EDITION
Copyright 1995 - 2024. All rights reserved. The content (including but not limited to text, photo, multimedia information, etc) published in this site belongs to China Daily. Without written authorization from China Daily, such content shall not be republished or used in any form.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.chinadailyhk.com/hk/article/587189 
 ----- 
