Football
NFL
NBA
NHL
WWE
NCAAF
MLB
LOG IN
Football
Newsletters
Schedule
EURO
Copa America
EPL
Champions League
Nations League
La Liga
Ligue 1
MLS
More
Football
Copa America 2024
Costa Rica vs Paraguay Prediction and Betting Tips | July 2nd 2024
Costa Rica vs Paraguay Prediction and Betting Tips | July 2nd 2024
By
Shubham Dupare
Modified Jul 04, 2024 10:52 GMT 
Follow Us
Discuss
Costa Rica face Paraguay in a must-win match on Tuesday

Costa Rica will conclude their 2024 Copa America group stage campaign against Paraguay at the Q2 Stadium on Tuesday. Both teams have endured a winless run in the competition thus far. Costa Rica can still qualify for the knockout stage while Paraguay have been eliminated from the competition.

Los Ticos held Brazil to a goalless draw in their campaign opener but fell to a 3-0 loss against Colombia in their previous outing. They not only need a win in this match to ensure their place in the next round, but also hope that Brazil lose to Colombia, who have already qualified, in the concluding round of the group stage.

La Albirroja suffered a 2-1 loss to Colombia in their campaign opener and lost 4-1 to Brazil last time around. They have been eliminated from the group stage in the Copa America for the first time since the 2016 edition, which, coincidentally, was also held in the USA.

Trending
Costa Rica vs Paraguay Head-to-Head and Key Numbers
The two teams have crossed paths nine times in all competitions since 1965. The head-to-head record is perfectly even with three wins for either side and three games ending in draws.
They have met twice in the Copa America, with one win for La Albirroja and one meeting ending in a draw.
Interestingly, they last met in the group stage of the 2016 Copa America, with the meeting ending in a goalless draw. It was the second consecutive goalless draw between the two teams, after a friendly in 2015.
Just two of the nine meetings between them have produced over 2.5 goals.
La Sele have been eliminated from the group stage in their last two appearances in the Copa America (2011 and 2016).
If Costa Rica fail to score in this match, they will be eliminated from the competition without scoring for the first time.
Costa Rica vs Paraguay Prediction

Los Ticos have just one win in their last six games in the Copa America, failing to score in the other five outings. They are unbeaten in their last three games in this fixture, keeping two clean sheets, and will look to build on that form. Striker Manfred Ugalde is suspended for this crucial match due to yellow card accumulation.

La Albirroja have been eliminated from the group stage of the Copa America for just the third time since 1993. They have suffered defeats in their last four games in the competition, scoring in the last three, and will look to continue their goalscoring form. They will be without the services of Andrés Cubas, who was red-carded against Brazil.

Costa Rica are yet to open their goalscoring account in the competition while Paraguay have conceded six goals in two games, with only Bolivia and Jamaica (seven each) conceding more.

Both teams might struggle to find the back of the net in this match. Considering their recent history, a draw is likely to ensue.

Prediction: Costa Rica 1-1 Paraguay

Costa Rica vs Paraguay Betting Tips

Tip 1: Result - Draw

Tip 2: Goals - Over/Under 2.5 Goals - Under 2.5 goals

Tip 3: At least one goal to be scored in the second half - Yes

Tip 4: Miguel Almirón to score or assist any time - Yes

Quick Links

Copa America 2024 Costa Rica Paraguay Football Miguel Ángel Almirón Rejala Football Predictions
Edited by Peter P
More from Sportskeeda

What's your opinion?
WWE
NBA
NFL
MMA
Tennis
NHL
Golf
MLB
Soccer
F1
WNBA
More
Popular
WWE
NFL
Basketball
MLB
NHL
Tennis
MMA
Football
Golf
F1
College Football
College Basketball
Cricket
Esports
Fortnite
GTA
Minecraft
AEW
Anime
AFL
Olympics 2024
Word Game Solvers
Wiki
More
Important Links
About Us
Write For Us
Policies
Grievance Redressal
Editorial Standards
Fact Check
Affiliate Program
Careers
CSR
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Manage notifications
Edition: English
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.sportskeeda.com/football/costa-rica-vs-paraguay-prediction-betting-tips-july-2nd-2024 
 ----- 
