Aceptar y continuarConfiguration
With your consent, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on "Learn more" or in our Cookie Policy on this website.

We and our partners process data for the following purposesActively scan device characteristics for identification, Analizar su idoneidad para ofrecerle soluciones basadas en su red de telecomunicaciones, Create profiles for personalised advertising, Create profiles to personalise content, Develop and improve services, Enriching the profile with third-party information., Measure advertising performance, Measure content performance, Sharing your browsing analysis and interest groups with third parties., Storage and access to geolocation information for targeted advertising purposes, Storage and access to geolocation information to carry out marketing studies, Store and/or access information on a device, Understand audiences through statistics or combinations of data from different sources, Use limited data to select advertising, Use limited data to select content, Use precise geolocation data, Use profiles to select personalised advertising, Use profiles to select personalised content

View our 958 partners
Es noticia:
Taylor Swift Travis Kelce
Jason Kelce 
Patrick Mahomes 
Micah Parsons
Fiesta Bowl Parade
Alamo Bowl Prize Money
Deion Sanders Net Worth 
Leanna Lenne Travis Hunter 
Conor McGregor Jake Paul
Teoscar Hernandez 
LeBron Stephen Curry Kevin Durant 
King Charles III
Luigi Mangione Diddy
Batman Sequel delayed
Horoscope Today
Latest News
Costco offers
Medicare Part D cost
Stimulus payment
VA Disability
Portada de Marca
Selected edition
EN
NFL
NBA
Soccer
MLB
Boxing
More Sports
Lifestyle
Volver a:
Soccer
Copa America
News
Schedule
Teams
Scores
Groups
Bracket
Calculator
More
Copa America
Costa Rica - Paraguay: Game time and where to watch the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America match from the USA

In this match, Costa Rica and Paraguay go head to head. Do you want to know where to watch the match? We've got the information you need.

CALIOPE GARCÍA
02/07/2024 - 17:08 CDT
Compartir en Facebook
Compartir en Twitter
Compartir en Telegram
Compartir en Whatsapp
Enviar por email
Copa América 2024 group table updated
Copa America 2024 top scorer table updated

Costa Rica and Paraguay face off this July 2, 2024 at the Q2 Stadium in the of the CONMEBOL Copa America 2024.

On what TV channel can I watch the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America match between Costa Rica and Paraguay from the United States?

The Copa America 2024 match between Costa Rica and Paraguay will be played on July 2, 2024 at the Q2 Stadium at 8:00 (CDT) and will be broadcast live on TV on .

MORE in MARCA
Kate Middle...
Marca
Tragedy in the...
Marca

If you prefer, you can also watch the match on a number of legal streaming platforms such as Fubo, Vidgo, Sling TV, Peacock TV and YouTube TV.

What time does the 2024 CONMEBOL Copa America match between Costa Rica and Paraguay start?

As always, the start time of the game will depend on where you are located. To simplify things for you, below are the most common kick-off times:

Soccer
Copa AmericaColombia - Costa Rica: Game time and where to watch the 2024 Copa America match
Copa AmericaDarwin Nunez threatens to kick the USMNT out of 'his' Copa America
Copa AmericaColombia qualifies to the next round of the Copa America after routing Costa Rica
See links of interest
by Taboola
Sponsored links
Recommended
Harry and Meghan Markle run out of...
Marca
Does the military pay off student...
Marca
"Your Wallet Will Thank You – Swi...
HVAC Services | Search Ads
Easier Diabetes Management wit...
Dexcom
Nevada: I Found Knee Pain Relief...
RejuvaKnee | Knee-Pain Relief
Seniors With Numb Feet Are...
Norlie
Cargando siguiente contenido
Other Unidad Editorial sites
US Sports
NFL Scores
NFL Schedule
NFL News
NBA Scores
NBA Schedule
MLB Schedule
Global Sports
Live Scores
Soccer
Boxing
F1
Golf
Olympic Games
Lifestyle
Gaming
Technology
US News
Fashion [ES]
Translator
MARCA TV
Unidad Editorial
Unidad Editorial [ES]
Expansión [ES]
El Mundo [ES]
CuídatePlus [ES]
Diario Médico [ES]
EM America

© Unidad Editorial Información Deportiva, S.L.U. All rights reserved.

Cookie policy [ES] Cookie settings [ES] Privacy Terms of service OJD certified [ES] Contact [ES] Advertising [ES] Our team [ES] Syndication [ES] Values

Follow us

Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
TikTok
Youtube
RSS [EN]
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.marca.com/en/football/copa-america/2024/07/02/668399de46163f7b458b45c3.html 
 ----- 
