Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
Betting News How to Bet Sportsbook Reviews Podcasts Covers Videos Covers Writers
Costa Rica vs Paraguay Odds, Picks & Predictions: Costa Rica Score Early on Day 13 of Copa America 2024

Costa Rica and Paraguay are essentially playing for bragging rights, but with Costa Rica facing a massive goal deficit, our Copa America 2024 picks expect them to fire away as early as possible.

Jeremy Jones • Betting Analyst
Jun 30, 2024 • 18:04 ET • 4 min read
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

When Costa Rica and Paraguay meet on Tuesday, July 2, there will likely be nothing but pride on the line, with Paraguay already eliminated and Costa Rica needing to make up both three points and six goals on Brazil to advance to the quarterfinals and shake up the Copa America odds. 

However, if Colombia wants to try and help eliminate Brazil by defeating them, Costa Rica can attempt to make up the goal difference with lots of goals. That's what my Costa Rica vs. Paraguay prediction is banking on.

Costa Rica vs Paraguay picks, predictions, and betting tips

My best bet:
Costa Rica Over 0.5 first-half goals (+165 at Betano)

My analysis
Costa Rica started this tournament with a shocking 0-0 draw with Brazil. However, after a 3-0 loss to Colombia and a 4-1 Brazil win over Paraguay, they now find themselves in a huge deficit in goal difference regardless of points. This should force Costa Rica into an aggressive game plan, knowing they have six goals to make up. 

The problem is Costa Rica have yet to score in this tournament and have 13 total goals in their eight matches thus far in 2024. Seven of those 13 goals came in two games against much lesser competition in Grenada and Saint Kitts and Nevis. 

The good news for Costa Rica is Paraguay have had defensive woes in this tournament and are already eliminated from the competition, so they may not see much improvement on that end of this fixture. Paraguay will also be without defensive midfielder Andres Cubas after he picked up a straight red card in the last match against Brazil. 

In their first match of the group stage, Paraguay allowed 12 goal attempts and surrendered 62% possession to Colombia. Against Brazil, they allowed 17 goal attempts and 54% possession. While Costa Rica have seen terrible possession and goal attempt numbers against those same two opponents, their game plan must change given the circumstances.

The Paraguayans allowed two first-half goals to Colombia and three to Brazil. They're clearly vulnerable early, and Costa Rica will need to get to scoring early if they plan to make up the goal difference.

Costa Rica vs Paraguay same-game parlay (SGP)

Costa Rica Over 0.5 first-half goals

Costa Rica moneyline

Joel Campbell to score

+1,150 at Betano

I do feel good about Costa Rica’s chances to pull off the upset here and get the three points they need to have hope for advancement. 

The final piece will be a goalscorer for Costa Rica and that is going to be Joel Campbell. The 32-year-old forward has played 65 minutes through two games and should be the starter in place of Manfred Ugalde with a yellow card suspension. Campbell scored in the Gold Cup last summer for Costa Rica and will take advantage of his opportunity here. 

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

The Beautiful Game Lives at Betano this Summer

Make your plays with one of Ontario's best sportsbooks, as Betano offers a wide variety of markets — and same-game parlays — covering every major national and club competition.

The game starts now!

Sign Up Now  

Learn more by reading our comprehensive Betano sportsbook review.

Costa Rica vs Paraguay odds
Costa Rica		Paraguay
+280	Moneyline	+110
Over 2.5 (+142)	Total	Under 2.5 (-175)
+220	Draw	+220

Odds courtesy of Betano on 6-30

Costa Rica vs Paraguay game info
Location:	Q2 Stadium, Austin, TX
Date:	Tuesday, July 2, 2024
Time:	9:00 p.m. ET
TV:	FS1
Weather:	Temp: 104 F, Wind: 17 mph, POP: 0%

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Covers may receive advertising commissions for visits to a sportsbook or betting site.

Pages related to this topic
Soccer Betting Sites
World Cup betting sites
College football betting sites
Women's World Cup betting sites
   
Jeremy Jones
Betting Analyst

Jeremy Jones was born and raised in Lexington, Kentucky and has been a massive Wildcats fans since the moment he came into the world. He wrote his first sports article at the tender age of 11 after attending a local AHL hockey game, and a few years later was writing professionally for sites such as Sports Rants, BetAmerica, and TwinSpires.

Jeremy holds a Masters in Sports Administration from Eastern Kentucky University and utilizes all seven betting options available in Kentucky to shop for odds and promos and find the greatest EV in every wager he places.

His best piece of sports betting advice is to stick to consistent unit sizes for every wager. He acknowledges there will occasionally be a bet that has a huge EV and you can play multiple units in one bet, but cautions against raising your unit size, because you can quickly lose all your winnings if you hit a minor cold streak.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Game info
Popular Content
 Wolves vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 25, 2024
 Liverpool vs Leicester City Predictions & Picks for Today's EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 25, 2024
 Tottenham vs Liverpool Predictions & Picks for Sunday’s EPL Matchup
Sam Farley | Dec 20, 2024
 Crystal Palace vs Arsenal Predictions & Picks for Saturday’s EPL Matchup
Emanuel Rosu | Dec 20, 2024
 Tottenham vs Manchester United Predictions & Picks for Thursday's EFL Cup Match
Sam Farley | Dec 18, 2024
 2024-25 EPL Title Odds: Chelsea Closing in on Liverpool
Chris Vasile | Dec 17, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2024 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/soccer/costa-rica-vs-paraguay-prediction-picks-7-2-2024 
 ----- 
