Skip to content
Subscribe Now
25°F
Friday, January 10th 2025

Digital Replica Edition

Home Page
Close Menu
News
Latest Headlines
Colorado News
Politics
Election 2024
Crime and Public Safety
Courts
National News
World News
Education
Health
Environment
Transportation
Housing
News Obituaries
Photos
Video
Your Hub
Weather
Sports
Sports
Sports Columnists
Denver Broncos
Colorado Rockies
Denver Nuggets
Colorado Avalanche
Colorado Rapids
Olympics
College Sports
Preps
NEW Betting
Golf
Boxing / MMA
Sports on TV/Radio
Sports Podcasts
Olympics
Business
Business
Real Estate
Airlines
Economy
Energy
Retail
Technology
Best Reviews
The Know
The Know
Food and Drink
Art
Culture
Movies
TV & Streaming
Music
Theater
Travel
Family Friendly
Bars
Beer
Outdoors
Outdoors
Hiking
Fall Colors
Cycling
Fitness
Running
Camping
Fishing
Hunting
Water Sports
Skiing
Snowboarding
Winter Sports
Opinion
Opinion
Editorials
Columnists
Letters
Cartoons
Endorsements
Obituaries
Obituaries
News Obituaries
Place an Obituary
Things To Do
Things To Do
Event Calendar
Television Listings
Comics
Games
Horoscopes
Ask Amy
Home & Garden
Free and Cheap
Cannabis
Recipes
Denver Post Store
Classifieds
Classifieds
Automotive
Homes
Jobs
Subscribe
Log in
Close Menu

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
Subscribe
Log in

Sign up for Newsletters and Alerts

Sign Up
SPORTSMLBCOLORADO ROCKIESNews
Rockies rattle Diamondbacks’ playoff hopes with 8-2 victory at Coors Field
Bud Black becomes Colorado’s all-time winningest manager
Colorado Rockies’ Hunter Goodman follows the flight of his solo home run off Arizona Diamondbacks relief pitcher Blake Walston in the seventh inning of a baseball game Tuesday, Sept. 17, 2024, in Denver. (AP Photo/David Zalubowski)
By PATRICK SAUNDERS | psaunders@denverpost.com | The Denver Post
UPDATED: September 17, 2024 at 10:28 PM MDT

Spoiler alert: Should the Diamondbacks fall out of the wild-card playoff race, they might point to this September series with the Rockies.

Last year’s surprise National League pennant winner has owned the Rockies for the last two seasons. But these September Rockies aren’t those Rockies.

They proved it again Tuesday night with an 8-2 romp over the D-backs at Coors Field. Colorado won Game 1 of the series, 3-2, on Monday night. The Rockies might still be roadkill away from LoDo, but they’re tough to beat at Coors, where they have a 19-12 record since July 4.

The victory was the 535th for manager Bud Black, who bypassed Clint Hurdle for the most in Rockies history.

“I’ve been a part of (milestones) before … it’s great,” Black said after veteran players Charlie Blackmon, Kyle Freeland, and German Marquez doused him with a celebratory beer-and-shaving-cream shower. “It’s great. It’s part of what makes us love the game. And when it’s over for all of us, it’s moments like this that you remember.”

Colorado’s formula Tuesday night included an excellent start from right-hander Ryan Feltner, home runs from Ezequiel Tovar and Hunter Goodman, and timely hitting up and down the order. Colorado hit 5 for 14 with runners in scoring position.

Arizona entered the night 8-3 in its last 11 games vs. the Rockies, and 18-6 in its last 24 dating back to the start of the 2023 season. But after losing two straight at Coors, they are now tied with the Mets for the NL’s final wild-card playoff spot.

Feltner, his fastball humming, pitched 6 1/3 innings, giving up just one run on five hits. He struck out only two but got a lot of weak contact, and Colorado’s defense backed him up with stellar play.

“I was on the same page with ‘Stahls’ all night, and we had great defense all night,” said Feltner, referring to veteran catch Jacob Stallings. “Just being able to trust Stahlings back there, and trusting the defense, it just frees me up. All of my pitches were working tonight and I just kept trying to pound the zone.”

Second baseman Brendan Rodgers fed Tovar at short to turn a sweet double play to end the sixth, and center fielder Brenton Doyle, in the hunt for his second straight Gold Glove, made a running catch in center field to rob Eugenio Suarez of extra bases in the seventh.

“It’s incredible,” Feltner said. “He floated like 20 feet in the air, it looked like from the pitcher’s mound.”

Feltner is turning the corner. Since July 2, he’s posted a 3.25 ERA, with a 1.26 WHIP and a .230 batting average against. Plus, the Rockies have won in each of his last five starts.

“The conviction with the fastball is key,” Black said. “When a pitcher believes in his fastball, and you have a good fastball, it makes the fastball better.

“It’s still a fastball of 93-94-95-96, and he’s had it all year. But for whatever reason, his conviction with his fastball for the past month makes it better. He wills it to good spots. He wills it to get outs.”

Still, Feltner had not won a decision at Coors since Aug. 9, 2022, vs. the Cardinals, an unwanted franchise record of 21 consecutive starts without a win at home. He was aware of the history, but not concerned.

“It doesn’t matter to me, and I don’t look into that stuff,” he said. “I just go out there to try and win the game.”

Second baseman Brendan Rodgers and shortstop Tovar turned a sweet double play to end the sixth, and center fielder Brenton Doyle made a running catch in center field to rob Eugenio Suarez of extra bases in the seventh.

RELATED ARTICLES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Map: Denver’s stadiums and parcels owned, developed by team owners
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo

The D-backs scored their only run off Feltner in the fourth, combining a leadoff double by Pavin Smith, a sacrifice bunt by Jake McCarthy and a groundout by Suarez.

Tovar (3 for 5, two RBIs) continues to prove he’s one of baseball’s best shortstops. He led off the third with a homer off Jordan Montgomery for his team-leading 25th long ball of the season. Tovar has also hit 43 doubles, the most by a shortstop in franchise history, the second-most in the NL, and the most by a Rockie since Nolan Arenado swatted 43 in 2017. The last Rockies player who had more than 43 doubles in a season was Matt Holliday, who had 50 in 2007.

In the seventh, Goodman, serving as the designated hitter instead of catching, hit a two-out, 441-foot solo blast to center off lefty reliever Blake Walston. It was Goodman’s second straight game with a homer, his fourth of the current homestand, and 13th of the season.

Colorado strung together three hits off Montgomery to take a 2-0 lead in the third. Michael Toglia led off with a soft double into no man’s land in shallow right field and scored on Stallings’ double to left. Jordan Beck (2 for 3) drove in Stallings with a two-out double to left.

Want more Rockies news? Sign up for the Rockies Insider to get all our MLB analysis.

Originally Published: September 17, 2024 at 9:37 PM MDT
Around the Web
Here's The Estimated Cost for a 1-day Gutter Guards Installation
LeafFilter Partner
Why Hgtv Star Christina Hall Loves This 1-day Bath Remodel
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Endocrinologists Stunned: Forget Metformin, This "Fixes" Your Diabetes! Try It!
Sugar Defender
Sneaky Way Iowa Homeowners Are Getting Their Old Roof Replaced
Smart Lifestyle Trends
These Headlight Glasses That Are Making Nighttime Driving Like Daytime Driving
Ribili
Iowa: Cheapest Way to Get a Walk-in Tub if You’re on Medicare
Smart Lifestyle Trends
A Pair of Reading Glasses That Can Look Far and Near, Smart Zoom, Smart Color
Ribili
Caitlin Clark Steps out With Her New Partner and Stuns Fans
Lawyers Blvd
Always Place a Ziplock Bag on Your Car Mirror When Traveling Alone, Here's Why
Sogoodly
Iowa Seniors Are Getting Thousands Back in Savings on Their Home Insurance
Smart Lifestyle Trends
The Worst City in America is Found in Iowa
Definition
Blood Sugar is Not from Sweets! Meet the Main Enemy of High Blood Sugar
Health-Review24
This New Upgrade Invincible Dog Toy Is Sweeping Iowa
Rechol
The Bra Designed by The 60-year-old Grandma Are Taking Iowa by Storm!
Libiyi
5 Companies That Send People Money When They're Asked Nicely
The Penny Hoarder
A Must-have for Everyone in Council Bluffs: The $59 Blood Sugar Testing Smartwatch
Ribili
Here's What a New Roof Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Doctor Stunned: a Teaspoon on an Empty Stomach Burns Fat Like Crazy! Try It!
New Medical Breakthroughs
Gynecologists Recommend This 100% Leakproof Underwear for Elderly Women
Libiyi
What Causes Myelodysplasia Might Surprise You. It's Not What You Think
Myelodysplastic Syndrome
Elevate Your Nail Care Routine With Our Senior-friendly Clipper
Ribili
Revolutionize Your Sight: Smart Zoom Glasses for All
Outfany
20 Classic Cars That Are Practically Worthless Today, Ranked in Order
SpilledDaily
These Groundbreaking Glasses Make It Safe to Drive at Night
Yifare
Here's What New Walk-in Shower Should Cost You in 2025
HomeBuddy
Titanic Photos Are Revealed, Not for Weak Stomachs
HealthSymptoms
1 Simple Trick to Save on Your Electric Bill (Try Tonight)
LunovX
10 Foods That Unclog Arteries (most People Ignore)
doithouses
What Causes Tardive Dyskinesia? The Real Reason Will Leave You Mystified!
Tardive Dyskinesia Treatment
The Breathtaking Footage of the Failed Take-off of a Giant Airplane
learnitwise
This Wrinkle Cream Keeps Selling out at Costco (Find out Why)
The Skincare Magazine
The Killer of Baldness Has Been Found! (Try This at Home)
Moerie
The Surprising Link Between Your Pillowcase and Aging
Blissy
Warning 14 Products to Avoid Buying at Costco
learnitwise
Top 10 Places You're Not Allowed to Visit Ever
SpilledDaily
It's the Unhealthiest Fast-food Chain in America, Say Dietitians
Definition
The Worst Foods a Diabetic Person Can Eat
Definition
Is Hemoglobinuria Silently Impacting Your Health?
Hemoglobinuria
"Brain Leaks" The Root Cause of Tinnitus? Stop The Leak This Way
Pure Health
If You Have Any of These 29 Toys Around, You Just Became Filthy Rich
Definition
Puppy Refuses to Leave Railway Police Bursts Into Tears When They Discover Why
beachraider
Greta Thunberg's Car Shocks The Whole World, The Proof In Pictures
Favour Life Style
The One Wd40 Hack You Aren't Supposed to Know
habittribe
If You See a Coin in Your Car Door Handle, Walk Away
housejogger
Experts Share a Strategy to Protect Your Savings
GoldCo
8 Clever Ways to Pay Your Bills
The Penny Hoarder
Women: Simple Stretch Can Prevent Bladder Leakage (Watch)
WellnessGaze Women Health
6 Things Frugal People Never Spend Money on
The Penny Hoarder
Warning Signals That You Have TNBC (Explore Now)
Breast Cancer I Search Ads
3 "Healthy" Foods That Clog Your Arteries
WellnessGaze Heart
15 Worst Rated Breakfast Foods
HEALTH NATURAL
Council Bluffs: Unsold Lab Diamonds on Clearance Sale: See The List Here!
Lab Grown Diamonds
Nail Fungus? Do This Immediately (Watch How)
WellnessGaze Derma
What Happens if You Put Ice Cubes on Your Food
Health Review
DNA Discovery Reveals Truth About Native Americans
novelodge
10 Foods You Must Avoid if You're Over 50
HEALTH NATURAL
Tattoo Fails: Try Not to Laugh Too Hard at No. 6
ItsTheVibe
How to Remove All Mucus From Your Lungs (It's Genius)
WellnessGaze Lung Health
Park Ranger Evacuates the Area When He Realizes What in the Nest
True Edition
Tooth Decay? the Secret Solution Big Pharma Doesn't Want You to Know
WellnessGaze Dental
Most Popular
RECOMMENDED FOR YOU
Renck: In Walton-Penner ownership group, Broncos have found their next Pat Bowlen, but they do it their own way
Trump can still vote after sentencing, but can’t own a gun and will have to turn over DNA sample
Teenage girl killed in Aurora home invasion ID’d, death still under investigation
Broncos starting QBs since Peyton Manning, 2025 edition: Where are they now?
Why did federal agents seize — and then return — $5 million worth of switchblades from a Colorado man?
Asking Eric: Son shuns parents’ guest at holiday dinner
Cart-Driver sets its return to LoHi after a long closure
Five Broncos selected to 2024 AP NFL All-Pro team
Bigger jackpots, higher ticket prices coming for Mega Millions lottery
Country star Chris Stapleton announces big Denver show
TRENDING NATIONALLY
LA County Fire mistakenly sends out emergency evacuation alert to entire county
Map: See where the major fires are burning in Los Angeles County
Babies over bachelor’s degrees: DeSantis appointee says women should choose motherhood over higher ed
What’s that picture on Melania Trump’s collar at Jimmy Carter funeral?
NYPD issues 113 tickets, seizes 10 cars in six-hour congestion toll crackdown
MORE IN COLORADO ROCKIES
Rockies’ Thairo Estrada promises to bring energy, speed, defense to new team
Is Coors Field the model for publicly financed stadium success? How the Monforts struck gold in LoDo
Coors Field renovations, repairs and upgrades
The $tadium Game: Inside the lucrative world of Colorado’s pro sports stadiums
2024
September
17
SUBSCRIBE
News Alerts
Submit a News Tip
MEMBER SERVICES
Become a Member
Place a Hold
Digital Replica Edition
Sitemap
CLASSIFIEDS
Autos
Real Estate
Jobs
CONTACT US
Careers
Denver Post Store
Place an Obituary
Advertise With Us
Network Advertising
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
TODAY’S FRONT PAGE
Back Issues
Archives
Mobile Apps
SUBSCRIBE NOW
Terms of Use
Cookie Policy
Cookie Preferences
California Notice at Collection
Notice of Financial Incentive
Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information
Arbitration
Site Map
Ethics Policy
Powered by WordPress.com VIP

Copyright © 2025 MediaNews Group

Close
 
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.denverpost.com/2024/09/17/rockies-diamondbacks-playoff-hopes-coors-field/ 
 ----- 
