Skip to main content
Skip to navigation
MLB
FEB 20
<
Full Scoreboard »
>
2/20 8:05 PM UTC
CHC
0-0
LAD
0-0
Menu
ESPN
	MLB
Home
Free Agency
Scores
Schedule
Standings
Stats
Teams
Transactions
Players
More
Jordan Montgomery returns to rotation for Diamondbacks
ESPN News Services
Sep 17, 2024, 08:23 AM ET

Left-hander Jordan Montgomery, who was sent to the bullpen in August after a seven-start stretch in which he posted a 7.88 ERA, will return to the Arizona Diamondbacks' rotation against the Colorado Rockies on Tuesday.

Montgomery made four relief appearances for the Diamondbacks after the switch, producing one save and a 4.85 ERA during that stretch. However, with starter Ryne Nelson landing on the 15-day injured list due to right shoulder inflammation, Montgomery (8-6, 6.25 ERA) is returning to the rotation to make his 20th start of the season.

EDITOR'S PICKS
MLB playoff tracker: Mets and Braves clinch to finalize 12-team field
102dESPN
Real or Not? 13 contenders, 13 reasons they can -- or can't? -- win the World Series
115dDavid Schoenfield

The Diamondbacks are currently in the thick of the National League wild-card race. Entering Tuesday's games, they hold the second of three wild-card spots, with just a one-game cushion over the New York Mets and two over the Atlanta Braves.

The injury bug has hit Arizona (83-67) hard lately. In addition to Nelson, the D-backs placed reliever Paul Sewald on the 15-day injured list on Sunday, retroactive to Thursday, because of neck discomfort on the left side. He would be eligible to return Sept. 27, which would give Arizona an extra arm for the final three games of the season.

Montgomery has fared well in two career starts against the Rockies, going 2-0 with a 3.09 ERA.

Field Level Media contributed to this report.

Terms of UsePrivacy PolicyYour US State Privacy RightsChildren's Online Privacy PolicyInterest-Based AdsAbout Nielsen MeasurementDo Not Sell or Share My Personal InformationContact UsDisney Ad Sales SiteWork for ESPNCorrections
ESPN BET is owned and operated by PENN Entertainment, Inc. and its subsidiaries ('PENN'). ESPN BET is available in states where PENN is licensed to offer sports wagering. Must be 21+ to wager. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem and wants help, call 1-800-GAMBLER.
Copyright: © 2025 ESPN Enterprises, Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.espn.com/mlb/story/_/id/41299103/jordan-montgomery-returns-rotation-diamondbacks 
 ----- 
