Skip to Content
NEWS
SCORES
SCHEDULE
STATS
Goodman solidifying playing time with homer barrage
Share
Goodman solidifying playing time with homer barrage
September 18th, 2024

Thomas Harding

@harding_at_mlb
Share
;

9 SECONDS REMAINING

DENVER -- Rockies rookie Hunter Goodman drew on his recall powers when he faced the Diamondbacks’ Blake Walston on Tuesday night.

“I faced him two or three weeks ago when I was in Triple-A, so I had an idea of what he was throwing,” Goodman said.

But what may have been more valuable was Goodman’s muscle memory, since he’s been powering home runs frequently. Goodman hit his fourth home run in his last four games, a solo shot in the Rockies’ 8-2 victory over the Diamondbacks at Coors Field.

With wins the last two nights, the Rockies have been party poopers for the Diamondbacks, who are in a National League Wild Card position but don’t need the losses. But for the Rockies, Tuesday was a party.

Manager Bud Black received a clubhouse beer and shaving cream shower for earning his 535th win to surpass Clint Hurdle for tops in franchise history. Doing the dousing were players who have been with the organization through every one of Black's wins -- Charlie Blackmon, Kyle Freeland, Antonio Senzatela, Ryan McMahon and Germán Márquez.

Right-hander Ryan Feltner was able to celebrate his changing fortune. Although the team has won his last five starts and his overall numbers are solid, it was just his third win this season and his first at Coors Field since Aug. 9, 2022. He had gone a club-record 21 starts at home without a win.

Related
Rockies avoid arbitration with Gomber, Feltner, Lawrence

1:30 AM UTC

Rockies, INF Estrada agree to 1-year pact with '26 option

January 9th, 2025

With trusty journal by his side, Dollander paving MLB path

January 8th, 2025

'What you dream about': Goodman's grand slam caps 7-RBI night

September 14th, 2024

3 Rox prospects who could get the Sept. call, and 4 who likely won't

August 30th, 2024

Goodman's big night (2 HRs, 5 RBIs) highlights offensive eruption

June 16th, 2024

And the way Goodman is hitting, every day is a potential party.

He had two homers, including a grand slam, and seven RBIs Friday night against the Cubs and homered in victories over the Diamondbacks on Monday and Tuesday.

“It’s all about timing pitches up and putting good swings on pitches that he’s on time with,” Black said. “Whether it’s off-speed pitches or fastballs, he’s in the box with a lot of confidence.”

In his 23-game debut last season, Goodman batted .200 in 70 at-bats, but eight of his 14 hits were for extra bases, and he drove in 17 runs. The Rockies liked his power enough to give him a chance to make the team in Spring Training.

Goodman, however, fell into the trap of trying too hard to impress and was sent to Triple-A Albuquerque. But the experience was a valuable lesson in learning perspective.

“I’m married now,” said Goodman, whose wife’s name is Sidney. “I try to leave everything at the field. I used to not be very good at that, but over the last year I’ve tried. Whether I go home and find a good movie to watch with her, or play some video games with some buddies back home, I try to get my mind off the baseball field.

“I don’t want to have her go through me being upset after a bad game or something.”

The newlyweds have needed to be flexible this season.

Get the Latest From MLB

Sign up to receive our daily Morning Lineup to stay in the know about the latest trending topics around Major League Baseball.

Sign up

The Rockies promoted Goodman -- who has 80 homers in 294 Minor League games since being chosen in the fourth round out of the University of Memphis in 2021, but is rightfully cherishing his 13 in the Majors this year -- after a dominant start in Albuquerque.

But veterans Elias Díaz and Jacob Stallings held the catching spots, and other routes to the field were blocked. Blackmon, Kris Bryant, Jake Cave and Michael Toglia received most of the action in right field, and Toglia ran away with the first-base job after Bryant could not stay healthy.

From his initial recall on April 24 until he was optioned on Aug. 14 -- as the Rockies got their first Major League look at 2020 first-round pick and team No. 8 MLB Pipeline prospect Drew Romo -- Goodman appeared in 54 games (43 starts) and batted .177 with eight homers.

However, since returning with the Sept. 1 roster expansion, Goodman has batted .257, with homers on five of his nine hits.

The Rockies are using pregame time to work with Romo, 23, on all aspects. But Goodman has made himself a gametime fixture, whether behind the plate or, as was the case Tuesday, as designated hitter.

The Rockies and Stallings will have to work out his return (there is a mutual option). If so, Romo and Goodman could be competing to join Stallings in the tandem. Goodman has shown that catcher is his best spot, but he will continue to work at his other positions just in case.

For now, power is giving Goodman regular opportunities.

“Seeing pitches every day is always nice,” Goodman said. “You are ready at all times. You get a better sense of timing.”

Did you like this story?
In this story:
Colorado Rockies
Hunter Goodman

Senior Reporter Thomas Harding has covered the Rockies since 2000, and for MLB.com since 2002.

You may have missed...
Vlad Jr. settles with Blue Jays on $28.5M contract

1:43 AM UTC

Who are Yankees considering to fill infield void?

January 9th, 2025

The best catchers in the game right now are ...

2:00 AM UTC

Williams, Jazz among Yankees to avoid arbitration

2:39 AM UTC

Alonso putting deal on table for Mets (report)

3:19 PM UTC

Padres settle with Arraez ($14M) and Cease ($13.75M), per source

5:50 AM UTC

OFFICIAL INFORMATION
HELP/CONTACT US
MORE MLB SITES & AFFILIATES
CAREERS
CONNECT WITH MLB
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Contact Us
Do not Sell or Share My Personal Data
Cookie Settings
© 2025 MLB Advanced Media, LP. All rights reserved.
We store cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
The MLB Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement have been updated, effective February 6, 2024, to encompass all MiLB.com and Minor League Club digital properties, and to update the arbitration and dispute resolution procedures, among other changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Agreement.
Cookies Settings OK
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mlb.com/news/hunter-goodman-hits-4th-homer-in-4-games 
 ----- 
