Skip to main content
Sign UpLog In
Home
News
Views
Sports
Business
Special Sections
Obits
Buy & Sell
Site search
SUBSCRIBE
MLB roundup: D-backs win wild 10-inning affair with Brewers
Reuters Sep 17, 2024 Updated Sep 17, 2024 Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

Arizona Diamondbacks infielder Eugenio Suarez (28) reacts after hitting a sharp fly ball to right field to score the winning runs in the tenth inning against the Milwaukee Brewers at Chase Field in Phoenix, Arizona, Sept. 15, 2024.

Photo by Allan Henry/Imagn Images

(Reuters) — Eugenio Suarez smacked a bases-loaded single off the right field wall as the final hero as the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the Milwaukee Brewers 11-10 in 10 innings in a wild back-and-forth thriller Sunday in the finale of a three-game series in Phoenix.

Milwaukee went ahead 10-8 on a two-run triple by Jackson Chourio in the top of the 10th before Arizona scored three runs off Jared Koenig in the bottom of the inning. Adrian Del Castillo opened it with an RBI single and Koenig loaded the bases with nobody out before hitting Christian Walker with a pitch to tie the score at 10. Suarez followed with the decisive hit.

Chourio also homered and was 3-for-6 with a career-high five RBIs for Milwaukee. Eric Haase had a two-run homer for the Brewers, who scored eight straight runs after falling behind 5-0.

Suarez had three RBIs and Pavin Smith added a three-run double for the Diamondbacks.

Tigers 4, Orioles 2

Riley Greene blasted a pair of home runs and drove in three runs as host Detroit defeated Baltimore.

Detroit starter Keider Montero (6-6) allowed five hits in five scoreless innings, one start after tossing a shutout against Colorado. Jason Foley recorded his 23rd save. Colt Keith added an RBI single for the Tigers, who have won six of their last eight.

Adley Rutschman hit a two-run homer for the Orioles. Starter Cade Povich (2-9) gave up two runs and two hits in five innings. He walked two and struck out eight.

Padres 4, Giants 3 (10 innings)

David Peralta singled in a run and scored the eventual game-winner in a two-run 10th inning and as San Diego rode its pitching to complete a three-game sweep of host San Francisco.

The Padres (85-65) remain atop the National League wild-card race with just two weeks remaining in the regular season. After the Giants (72-78) had tied the score in the ninth on a leadoff home run by Heliot Ramos, Peralta led off the 10th with a single to left off former San Francisco closer Camilo Doval (5-3) to drive in automatic runner Jake Cronenworth, then scored on Donovan Solano's RBI groundout.

Adrian Morejon retired all three men he faced in the last of the 10th, allowing a sacrifice fly to Michael Conforto along the way, to record his second save. Despite blowing his save opportunity, the win was credited to Robert Suarez (9-3), who served up Ramos' 21st homer.

Yankees 5, Red Sox 2

Aaron Judge clubbed his major-league-leading 53rd home run of the season as host New York beat Boston in the finale of a four-game set.

Judge's two-run blast came during a three-run third for New York (87-63), which took three games in the series. Gleyber Torres opened the frame with a solo shot before Juan Soto singled and Judge cleared the center field wall (445 feet) to put the Yankees up 4-0.

Kutter Crawford (8-15) got the start for Boston and gave up four runs and six hits in 4 1/3 innings. He walked two and fanned seven. Connor Wong went 3-for-4 with two doubles as Boston fell for the fourth time in six games.

Phillies 2, Mets 1

J.T. Realmuto delivered a walk-off single with two outs in the ninth inning, guiding host Philadelphia to a low-scoring win over New York.

Realmuto's heroics capped off an entertaining pitchers' duel between Cristopher Sanchez and David Peterson. Sanchez only gave up an eighth-inning homer to Tyrone Taylor, while Peterson put up zeros until Buddy Kennedy's RBI double in the bottom of the eighth.

Philadelphia (90-59) moved a season-high 31 games over .500 and built its National League East lead to nine games over New York (81-68). The Phillies took two of three in the series and have won 11 of their last 14 games.

Blue Jays 3, Cardinals 2

Nathan Lukes hit a go-ahead RBI double in the eighth inning and Toronto completed a three-game sweep of visiting St. Louis.

Davis Schneider blasted a two-run home run among his two hits for the Blue Jays (72-78). Lars Nootbaar hit a solo homer for the Cardinals (74-75) to tie the game in the seventh.

Toronto right-hander Yariel Rodriguez allowed one run, three hits and one walk with two strikeouts in 4 1/3 innings. Cardinals right-hander Miles Mikolas allowed two runs and three hits with four strikeouts in five innings. Neither starter factored into the decision.

Guardians 2, Rays 0

Ben Lively pitched five strong innings and four relievers didn't yield a baserunner as host Cleveland beat Tampa Bay Rays to split their four-game set.

Lively (12-9) showed no ill effects of taking a liner off the thigh against the Chicago White Sox earlier this week, allowing four hits — all singles — and one walk. Jose Ramirez notched two hits and Brayan Rocchio had an RBI single for the American League Central-leading Guardians (86-64).

Lowe had two hits for the Rays (73-77), who totaled one run in the last two games after scoring a combined eight to win the first two contests of the series.

Pirates 4, Royals 3

Isiah Kiner-Falefa finished 3-for-5 with two runs and an RBI, helping lead Pittsburgh past visiting Kansas City.

Pirates starter Jared Jones went four innings, allowing two earned runs on six hits while striking out five and walking three. The Pittsburgh bullpen allowed just two hits over five scoreless innings as the Pirates (71-78) snapped a two-game skid.

Brady Singer (9-11) pitched five innings of four-run, six-hit ball, striking out six and walking four for Kansas City. Maikel Garcia went 2-for-4 with an RBI and Michael Massey also had two hits, as the Royals (82-68) had their two-game winning streak snapped.

Nationals 4, Marlins 3

Rookie James Wood hit two solo home runs to lead host Washington past Miami for its third straight win.

It was the first multi-homer game of Wood's career as Washington rallied to capture the four-game series. The Nationals also won the season series from Miami 11-2.

Jonah Bride homered and had two hits and two runs for Miami, which lost for the sixth time in its past seven games. Adam Oller (1-4) suffered the loss, allowing three runs on six hits over five innings. He walked two and struck out two.

White Sox 4, Athletics 3

Gavin Sheets and Bryan Ramos each homered and Sean Burke pitched five innings for his first major league victory as Chicago earned its first series win since the last weekend of June, beating visiting Oakland.

The White Sox have won consecutive games for the first time since winning three straight on June 27-29.

Pinch hitter Shea Langeliers hit a solo homer with two outs before Fraser Ellard retired Nick Allen on a fly ball for his first career save. Brent Rooker also homered for the Athletics, who lost for the third time in their past four games.

Cubs 6, Rockies 2

Michael Busch notched his first career multi-home run game, fellow rookie Pete Crow-Armstrong also went deep and Chicago beat Colorado in Denver.

Busch finished with three hits and three RBIs, while both Nico Hoerner and Ian Happ had two hits for the Cubs.

Jacob Stallings homered for the Rockies, who managed just four hits on the day. Colorado had its three-game winning streak snapped.

Mariners 7, Rangers 0

George Kirby allowed just one hit over seven scoreless innings as Seattle defeated visiting Texas.

Mitch Garver and Randy Arozarena homered for the Mariners, who won their third consecutive game — all while wearing their City Connect uniforms. The M's are 15-1 when donning their rush blue jerseys and black pants this season.

Rangers lefty Andrew Heaney (5-14) gave up three runs on seven hits in five innings, with one walk and three strikeouts. Texas lost for the fifth time in its past six games.

Astros 6, Angels 4

Jason Heyward went 3-for-3 with a home run and two RBIs to help Houston sweep Los Angeles with a win in Anaheim, Calif.

Houston starting pitcher Ronel Blanco (11-6) held Los Angeles scoreless on four hits and struck out five over six innings. The Astros have won four straight, while the Angels dropped their fifth in a row.

Los Angeles trailed 6-0 in the eighth before Taylor Ward got the Angels on the board with a solo home run in the bottom of the frame, mashing his 24th home run of the season 420 feet off Kaleb Ort to the center field seats.

Twins 9, Reds 2

Rookie Brooks Lee went 2-for-4 with a triple and a career-high five RBIs, and Minnesota pulled away to beat visiting Cincinnati.

Carlos Santana finished 3-for-4 with a two-run homer and three runs for Minnesota (79-70), which avoided a three-game sweep. Ryan Jeffers went 2-for-4 with a double and an RBI.

Spencer Steer hit an RBI triple for Cincinnati (73-78). Ty France hit a sacrifice fly to account for the Reds' other run.

Dodgers 9, Braves 2

Mookie Betts drove in the go-ahead run with a single to ignite a seven-run top of the ninth that also featured three consecutive homers as Los Angeles rallied to defeat host Atlanta.

Atlanta (81-68) remained tied with the New York Mets for the final wild-card spot in the National League. Los Angeles (88-61) improved to 4-2 against the Braves this season.

The ninth-inning uprising started against Atlanta closer Raisel Iglesias (5-2), who had not allowed an earned run over his previous 30 appearances.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
Tags
Eugenio Suarez D-backs Brewers
WEEKLY POLL
Do you think 2025 will be a better economic year for the CNMI?

(This is not a scientific poll.)

Yes
No
I hope so
Not sure
Vote View Results
View More Polls
TRENDING
Local GOP challenges governor’s return to party
New Year’s Day robber arrested
2 arrested for selling cocaine
DPS: Gunshots reported in Tanapag on New Year’s Day; 4 arrested in other cases
King-Hinds sworn in as delegate
LATEST E-EDITION

Click below to view our latest e-Edition.

Page V-02
Page V-03
SPECIAL EDITIONS
CNMI SBDC Newsletter Issue 01
Best of the Marianas 2024
PSS Students First - November 2024 Issue
PSS Students First - Special ARPA Edition 2
TODAY'S ADS
07549 JKPL ITB25-JKPL- 42500024 011025
07698 MBI Anchor 121324
07832 CPA RFP 009 25 Airport Business 12122024
07877 Black Micro vacancy 122724
SECTIONS
Home
News
Sports
Business
Lifestyle
Local Events
Announcements
Obituaries
Opinion
Multimedia
Online Features
SERVICES
Contact Us
Subscription Services
Submission Forms
Classifieds
Place an Ad
Promote Your Event
Email Alerts
Search
Weather
E-Edition
MARIANAS VARIETY NEWS & VIEWS
Physical Address:
Alaihal Avenue, Garapan
Saipan, MP 96950
Mailing Address:
PO Box 500231
Saipan, MP 96950
Telephone:
(670) 234-9272
Facsimile:
(670) 234-9271
ISSN:
2995-2360
© Copyright 2025 YAS Inc. DBA Marianas Variety News & Views Alaihai Avenue, Garapan, MP  | Terms of Use  | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.mvariety.com/sports/nationalsports/mlb-roundup-d-backs-win-wild-10-inning-affair-with-brewers/article_30d0a376-7420-11ef-91fc-cfdf400d29e8.html 
 ----- 
