We value your privacy
We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised advertising and content, advertising and content measurement, audience research and services development. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our 1466 partners’ processing as described above. Alternatively you may access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting or to refuse consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by returning to this site and clicking the "Privacy" button at the bottom of the webpage.
MORE OPTIONS
AGREE

Wisden

Search
SEARCH
Looking for...
Ben Stokes
Virat Kohli
Border-Gavaskar Trophy
Joe Root
IPL Auction
Perth Test
Rohit Sharma
Kane Williamson
GLOBAL

Change Edition

UK
Asia
India
Global
HOME
NEWS
SCORES
LIVE SCORES
FIXTURES
RESULTS
INTERNATIONAL
AUSTRALIA VS INDIA (M)
SOUTH AFRICA VS PAKISTAN (M)
INDIA VS WEST INDIES (W)
ZIMBABWE VS AFGHANISTAN (M)
NEW ZEALAND VS SRI LANKA (M)
CHAMPIONS TROPHY
WOMEN'S ASHES
FEATURES
VIDEOS
PHOTOS
QUIZZES
DAILY QUIZ
QUIZ ARCHIVE
ABOUT WISDEN
WISDEN PODCASTS
WISDEN CRICKETERS' ALMANACK
THE WISDEN STORY
WISDEN CRICKET MONTHLY
CONTACT US
RECORDS
CRICKETBET

Facebook

Twitter

Instagram

Youtube

Patreon

T20 Blast 2024: Full list of overseas players in each team
May 08, 2024 
3 minute read
NEWS
Share on Facebook
Share on Twitter
Share on WhatsApp
Copy Link

The T20 Blast group stage gets underway on May 30 with the final taking place in September. Here are all the overseas players currently signed up for the competition.

Subscribe to the Wisden Cricket YouTube channel for post-match analysis, player interviews, and much more.

* Selected in a provisional squad for the T20 World Cup 2024 (June-July) or Pakistan’s T20I squad vs England

Birmingham Bears

* Hasan Ali (entire tournament) – The Pakistan seamer has played 50 T20Is, averaging 23 with the ball.

Aamir Jamal (group stage) – Jamal is a seam bowling all-rounder who made his name against Australia over the winter.

Derbyshire Falcons

Blair Tickner (until July 4) – Capable of hitting 90mph, the Kiwi has taken over 100 T20 wickets.

* Mohammad Amir (group stage) – The Pakistan seamer will join Derbyshire as the third English county he’s played for, and brings pace and skill with his left-arm seam.

Daryn Dupavillon (entire tournament) – Dupavillon a tall seamer with 75 T20 wickets and two ODI appearances for the Proteas.

Durham

Ashton Turner (entire tournament) – The Australian all-rounder is a big hitting middle order batter, who bowls some handy off-spin as well.

David Beddingham (entire tournament) – Debuting for South Africa over the winter, Beddingham has played at Durham since 2020.

Essex Eagles

Daniel Sams (entire tournament) – Sams first signed for Essex two seasons ago, but the all-rounder has played all around the world.

Simon Harmer (entire tournament) – Formerly a Kolpak player, the South African off-spinner captained Essex to their maiden Blast victory in 2019.

Glamorgan

Marnus Labuschagne (entire tournament) – Despite being more well-known for his red-ball skills, Labuschagne will be an important addition to Glamorgan’s T20 side this summer.

Colin Ingram (entire tournament) – An experienced batter who has played over 340 T20s; this is his tenth year at Glamorgan.

Gloucestershire

Beau Webster (entire tournament) – Webster is an Australian all-rounder who bowls right-arm medium.

Cameron Bancroft (entire tournament) – An opening batter who has represented Australia in both Tests and T20Is.

Zafar Gohar (entire tournament) – The left-arm spinner averages 23 with the ball in T20s.

Hampshire Hawks

Ben McDermott (entire tournament) – This will be the gloveman’s third successive campaign with Hampshire.

Michael Neser (until July 3) – The Australian is a seam bowler and a useful lower-order batter, he played for Glamorgan last year.

* Naveen-ul-Haq (from July 6) – The 24-year-old is an Afghanistan seamer who has 186 T20 wickets.

Kent Spitfires

Xavier Bartlett (until end of June) – The Australian quick won BBL13 with Brisbane Heat and was named as their player of the tournament.

Beyers Swanepoel (entire tournament) – A fast-bowling all-rounder from South Africa.

Charlie Stobo (entire tournament) – Stobo is a tall medium-fast bowler who won the Sheffield Shield with Western Australia over the winter.

Wes Agar (group stage) – The Australian seam bowler joined Kent last year and took seven wickets in the 2023 competition.

Lancashire Lightning

Tom Bruce (entire tournament) – A middle-order batter who has played 17 T20Is for New Zealand.

Chris Green (entire tournament) – The off-spinner has played in competitions all around the world and has 164 T20 wickets.

Leicestershire Foxes

Wiaan Mulder (entire tournament) – The South African all-rounder was crucial in the Foxes’ One Day Cup victory last summer.

Peter Handscomb (entire tournament) – This will be the Aussie batter’s second season with Leicestershire.

Middlesex

None

Northamptonshire Steelbacks

Sikandar Raza (entire tournament) – The Zimbabwe captain has over 200 T20 appearances under his belt and will be dangerous with both bat and ball.

Matthew Breetzke (entire tournament) – Breetzke has played three T20Is for South Africa with a strike rate of almost 150.

Notts Outlaws

Ben Lister (until July 3) – Lister is a left-arm seamer from New Zealand with 11 T20I wickets.

Fazalhaq Farooqi (from July 5) – The Afghan quick has 92 T20 wickets and is just 23 years old.

Dane Patterson (entire tournament) – This will be the South African seamer’s fourth season at the Outlaws.

Will Young (entire tournament) – A Kiwi batter who has played over 100 T20s.

Somerset

None

Surrey

Sean Abbott (until June 26) – Returning for his third season at Surrey, Abbott is a seam bowling all-rounder.

Spencer Johnson (until June 21) – Impressing in last year’s Hundred for the Invincibles, he is a quick left-arm quick from Australia.

Sussex Sharks

Daniel Hughes (entire tournament) – The Australian is a top order batter and has played over 100 T20s.

Jayden Seales (until June 8) – Starting well in the County Championship, the West Indian is an exciting young seamer.

Nathan McAndrew (entire tournament) – An Australian seamer who has almost 60 T20 wickets.

Worcestershire Rapids

Usama Mir (entire tournament) – The Pakistan leg-spinner had an average of 17 in last years Blast for the Rapids.

Nathan Smith (entire tournament) – The New Zealand seamer has 51 T20 appearances and an average of 22 with the ball.

Yorkshire Vikings

Donovan Ferreira (entire tournament) – The 25-year-old South African is a true all-rounder, being able to bat, keep wicket and bowl off-spin.

Shan Masood (entire tournament) – The Pakistan Test captain averages over 30 in T20Is.

To buy premium T20 Blast tickets with Seat Unique, click here.

LATEST NEWS
View More
AUS vs IND fifth Test, where to watch live: TV channels, live streaming, match timings for SCG Test
Jan 01, 2025
Australia vs India (M) 2024/25
Who were the highest wicket-takers in men's Tests in 2024?
Jan 01, 2025
News
Wisden's 2024 men's Test debutants XI
Jan 01, 2025
Sarah Waris
News
Can Gautam Gambhir resurrect himself before it all falls apart?
Jan 01, 2025
Rahul Iyer
Australia vs India (M) 2024/25
SERIES IN FOCUS
Australia vs India (M) 2024-25
Nov 22 - Jan 03, 2024-25
Champions Trophy 2025
Feb 19 - Mar 09, 2025
South Africa vs Pakistan (M) 2024 - 25
Dec 10 - Jan 03, 2024 - 25
World Test Championship 2023 - 25
Jun 16-Feb 06, 2023 - 25
Home
Cricket News
T20 Blast 2024: Full list of overseas players in each team
About Wisden
The Wisden Story
Wisden Cricketers' Almanack
Wisden Cricket Monthly
Wisden Podcasts
Wisden Contributors
Contact us
Terms
Cookie Notice
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Return Policy

© 2024 Indie Space, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service, Privacy Policy and Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information. Indie Space may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Offers may be subject to change without notice.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.wisden.com/cricket-news/t20-blast-2024-full-list-overseas-players-each-team 
 ----- 
