Skip to content
December 14, 2024
FB
Twitter

FOOTBALL IN OCEANIA

STORIES FROM THE BEAUTFIUL GAME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ISLANDS

Primary Menu
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge

The first matches of World Cup qualifying Group B have been played, with the favourites in the driving seat.

Vanuatu took on Samoa in Group B. (Photo: OFC Media)

The group, which takes place in Port Vila in Vanuatu, consists of the hosts, New Zealand, Tahiti and first round qualifying stage winner Samoa.

Group A, hosted in Fiji, saw Fiji and New Caledonia take opening day wins earlier this week.

And on the weekend it was Group A’s turn in Port Vila.

The first match saw New Zealand take on Tahiti on Friday.

New Zealand’s Elijah Just rifled a left footed shot into the roof of the net with an absolute screamer in the second minute to get the All Whites off to the best possible start.

Over in the second half striker and captain Chris Wood was unmarked at the far post from a corner and guided a header into the corner of the net on the 68th minute mark.

Chris Wood scored for New Zealand against Tahiti. (Photo: OFC Media)

A minute before going into the added time, Ben Waine sealed the result with the All Whites final goal of the day, to win 3-0.

On Saturday it was the hosts Vanuatu’s turn to take on minnows Samoa.

Vanuatu would follow NZ with an early opening goal, when Alex Saniel tapped in a cross from close range after only seven minutes.

John Alick added a second ten minutes before the break.

Vanuatu had plenty of chances against Samoa (Photo: OFC Media)

Then Samoa got some hope back when Nathan Viliamu scored from a counter, only for Alick and Vanuatu to score a third two minutes later.

Vanuatu continued to attack and created a number of chances before Bong Kalo with a superb strike from outside the box sealed the result in injury time, with Vanuatu winning 4-1.

The qualifying two groups will be decided over the international window in November. The top two from each group advances to the final knockout stage in March next year, with the winner qualifying for the 2026 World Cup. 

Enter the text or HTML code here

About Author
Ola Bjerkevoll

A passion for everything football and especially in Oceania. Owner of Football in Oceania.

See author's posts

Share this article:
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to email a link to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window)
More
Tags: New Zealand, News, OFC World Cup Qualifiers, Samoa, Tahiti, Vanuatu
Continue Reading
Previous
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
More Stories
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Samoa into next WCQ phase
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
OFC path to 2026 World Cup confirmed
Leave a Reply

This site uses Akismet to reduce spam. Learn how your comment data is processed.

Featured on
International Football News 24/7

 

Follow Football in Oceania on Twitter
My Tweets
Follow Football in Oceania on Facebook
Follow Football in Oceania via Email

Enter your email address to follow Football in Oceania and receive notifications of new posts by email.

Email Address

Follow

Join 1,874 other subscribers
Football in Oceania RSS

 RSS - Posts

You may have missed
Krishna out for season with serious injury
Auckland set to play giants
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Vanuatu and NZ take charge
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Fiji and New Caledonia make perfect start
OFC World Cup Qualifiers
Samoa into next WCQ phase
Nations in Oceania Oceania Events Calendar National Leagues in Oceania The Podcast About Contact
FB
 
Twitter
Copyright Football in Oceania © All rights reserved. CoverNews by AF themes.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://footballoceania.com/2024/10/12/vanuatu-and-nz-take-charge/ 
 ----- 
