Skip to main content
Home
Breeze TV
News
Culture
Sports
Opinion
Photos
Subscribe
Classifieds
Site search
Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
LOG IN
SUBSCRIBE
FEATURED
Likely bowl games for JMU don’t include Sun Belt tie-ins, insider says
Hayden Hundley & Jackson Hephner | The Breeze Nov. 29, 2023 
Comments
Facebook
Twitter
Email

JMU football is going to a bowl game for the first time in program history after an 11-1 (7-1 Sun Belt) season.

Grace Sawyer | The Breeze
Story Highlights
College football insider Brett McMurphy spoke to The Breeze on Wednesday afternoon. He said that JMU football will only go to an ESPN-owned bowl game this season that doesn't have a tie-in with a Power 5 conference.
Based on that criteria, the Dukes could go to one of nine bowl games: the Myrtle Beach Bowl (S.C.), the New Mexico Bowl, the Frisco Bowl (Texas), the Boca Raton Bowl (Fla.), the Camellia Bowl (Ala.), the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl (Idaho) and the Hawaii Bowl.
McMurphy also said that Bowl officials are interested in pairing up JMU, Troy (10-2, 7-1 Sun Belt), Toledo (11-1, 8-0 Mid-American Conference) and No. 24 Liberty (12-0, 8-0 Conference USA), assuming that the latter three win their respective conference championships.
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save

CLARIFICATION (Nov. 30, 2023, 11:05 a.m.): A previous version of this article listed the Gasparilla and Armed Forces bowls as likely games for JMU, because they were projected by other outlets, but based off information given to The Breeze by college football insider Brett McMurphy, both bowls appear less likely. The article has been updated to reflect this, as well as information provided to The Breeze by an ESPN Events spokesperson.

If you’re trying to predict where JMU football is heading for its bowl game, college football insider Brett McMurphy told The Breeze on Wednesday afternoon that options are limited.

JMU’s status as a transitioning team makes things tricky. McMurphy said, the Dukes are supposed to be picked by bowl after the 11 other eligible Sun Belt Conference teams are chosen. However, the Sun Belt is only directly affiliated with seven bowl games, leaving slots open for five remaining programs.

“It’s not simply like, ‘Wow, they’ve got 11 wins. Let’s put them in the best bowl,’” McMurphy said. “It doesn’t work that way.”

The Breeze reached out to a Sun Belt spokesperson to confirm that JMU would be picked after the 11 other Sun Belt teams but did not receive a response by deadline.

McMurphy said JMU will be limited to an ESPN-owned bowl that does not have a tie-in with a Power 5 conference. An ESPN spokesperson told The Breeze that in order for JMU to go to a non-ESPN bowl, the company would have to work with the Sun Belt to purposefully create an open spot.

This means the Dukes likely won't make an appearance in the New Orleans Bowl or 68 Ventures Bowl, despite both being Sun Belt tie-ins.

There are nine ESPN-owned bowls that fit McMurphy's description; however, he added that JMU won’t make the Cure Bowl or Bahamas Bowl.

Based off McMurphy’s criteria, the Dukes are left with seven likely options: the Myrtle Beach Bowl (S.C.), the New Mexico Bowl, the Frisco Bowl (Texas), the Boca Raton Bowl (Fla.), the Camellia Bowl (Ala.), the Famous Idaho Potato Bowl (Idaho), and the Hawaii Bowl.

The Breeze reached out to an ESPN Events spokesperson, who was unable to confirm or deny that JMU would not make any of the company's 16 FBS bowls. The spokesperson did confirm that JMU will be picked after other Sun Belt teams, and said that this made a potential Power 5 matchup unlikely.

McMurphy also said JMU will probably be matched up against another 10-win Group of 5 team, with sources right now telling him that bowl officials are looking at pairing up JMU (11-1, 7-1 Sun Belt), Troy (10-2, 7-1 Sun Belt), Toledo (11-1, 8-0 Mid-American Conference) and No. 24 Liberty (12-0, 8-0 Conference USA) together, assuming the latter three win their conference championships. McMurphy’s latest prediction has JMU playing Toledo in the Myrtle Beach Bowl. 

“They try to pair up teams of comparable strengths,” he said. “In other words, they’re not going to put JMU against a 6-6 team from the MAC.”

Still, a lot can change between now and Sunday, when bowls are selected. Any upset could lead to teams being projected to make or miss the College Football Playoff or New Year’s Six bowls, and that has a ripple effect on the rest of the projected matchups. An example is Liberty, which could potentially leapfrog No. 22 Tulane (11-1, 8-0 AAC) in the CFP rankings and make it into the Group of 5’s New Year Six bowl spot with a win in the Conference USA Championship on Friday, or become a less desirable opponent for Troy or JMU with a loss.

“Write down my bowl projections on the shore, and then wait for the waves to wash up every 30 minutes,” McMurphy said jokingly. “That’s how fluid it is.”

Complicating matters is the Sun Belt’s 12 bowl-eligible teams, which is one shy of the FBS record set by the SEC in 2021. Because of this, McMurphy said the New Mexico and Hawaii bowls are being considered as potential extra tie-ins for the Sun Belt because of the decreased membership of Conference USA, the bowls’ current tie-in.

The goal is to avoid having Sun Belt teams facing each other. If it were to happen, McMurphy said the bowls wouldn’t put together teams that have played each other in the regular season.

The Breeze reached out to a Sun Belt spokesperson to confirm that the conference will be adding another tie-in bowl this season but did not receive a response by deadline.

Ultimately, the entire bowl picture is ever-changing, and things will probably change again, especially after a full day of conference championships on Saturday.

“Kind of like Mike Tyson says, ‘Everybody’s got a plan until somebody hits them in the mouth,’” McMurphy said. “A lot of people are getting hit in the mouth, and you can’t really say 100% until we see the results for the weekend.”

Contact Hayden Hundley at hundlehf@dukes.jmu.edu and Jackson Hephner at breezesports@gmail.com. For more football coverage, follow the sports desk on X at @TheBreezeSports.

Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
Copy article link
Save
With not enough six-win teams, JMU football set to fill bowl game spot

After the FBS regular season ended with not enough bowl eligible teams, JMU will be considered for a spot in its first-ever bowl game. The Dukes finished the regular season 11-1 (7-1 Sun Belt). 

JMU closes out regular season in dominating fashion over Coastal Carolina

JMU football closes out its regular season with a 56-14 win over Coastal Carolina. The Dukes move to 11-1 (7-1 Sun Belt) while the Chanticleers fall to 7-5 (5-3 Sun Belt). 

Zach Horton makes an impact on JMU’s offense, on and off the field

Junior tight end Zach Horton has received praised from his coaches and teammates this season for his leadership and consistency in the offense. Sports Editor Jackson Hephner examines his impact on and off the field.

Va. AG will not file antitrust suit against NCAA, JMU confirms

The Breeze was unable to confirm that Virginia Attorney General Jason Miyares ('98, R) filed an antitrust lawsuit against the NCAA on Monday, despite him threatening to do so in an interview with the Daily News-Record and WHSV-TV on Saturday.

Analysis | Bowl, loss aside, nothing takes away what JMU accomplished

After JMU's first loss of the season, Sports Editor Jackson Hephner examines the potential long-term impact of the Dukes' 10-0 start on their program moving forward, regardless of their record or if they play in a bowl game.

+2
With no conference championship, majority of fans satisfied with bowl

After it was announced JMU football would be bowling, a Breeze survey revealed fans had mixed reactions about the bowl game. Some fans are still disappointed the Dukes can't participate in the Sun Belt championship against Troy. 

Preview: JMU volleyball prepares to face Baylor in NCAA Tournament

JMU volleyball received an at-large bid to the NCAA Tournament as a No. 7 seed. The Dukes will face Baylor on Thursday at 4:30 p.m.

+2
‘Bittersweet’: JMU AD Bourne on what’s next after Cignetti’s departure

JMU football head coach Curt Cignetti will be leaving to take the same position at Indiana following the Dukes' first bowl game this season. Director of Athletics Jeff Bourne spoke to the media on the upcoming search for a new head coach.

Tags
Jmu Football 2023 Jmu Football Roster 2023 Jmu Football Schedule 2023 Jmu Record 2023 Curt Cignetti Jmu Why Can’t Jmu Football Play In A Bowl Game Is Jmu In A Bowl Game Jordan Mccloud Jmu Is Jordan Mccloud Coming Back Next Year Jordan Mccloud Stats 2023 Jmu Football Highlights 2023 Jmu App State 2023 Jmu App State Full Game 2023 Jmu App State Highlights 2023 Is Jmu Good At Football Is Jmu A Football School Will Curt Cignetti Leave Jmu Is Curt Cignetti A Good Coach Jmu Football Transfer Portal Jmu Transfer Portal 2023 Phoenix Sproles Jmu Jmu New Transfers 2023 Who’s Leaving Jmu Football 2023 Jmu Nonconference Games 2023 Jmu Uva 2023 Where Can I Get Jmu Tickets Jmu Athletics Schedule 2023 Jordan Mccloud Jailin Walker Kaelon Black Aiden Fisher Taurus Jones Elijah Sarratt Cheese Sarratt Ryan Hanson Camden Wise Reggie Brown Ty Son Lawton Jalen Green Jamree Kromah Jmu Football Bowl Game Which Bowl Game Will Jmu Football Go To Jmu Football Bowl Game 2023 Is Jmu Football Going To A Bowl Game Sun Belt Bowl Game Tie-in Will Jmu's Transition Status Impact Which Bowl Game It Goes To What Are The Sun Belt Bowl Tie-ins What Are The Possible Bowl Games Jmu Could Go To Who Will Jmu Play In A Bowl Game When Will Jmu's Bowl Game Be Where Will Jmu's Bowl Game Be Jmu Football Bowl Predictions Jmu Football Brett Mcmurphy Sports American Football Games And Toys Armed Forces Trade
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGN UP
MANAGE YOUR LISTS
Around the Web
Taipei: Unsold Prefabricated Homes Are Almost Given Away
Cost of Hair Transplant in the Us May Surprise You
The Affordable 3000w Solar Generator That Works for Any Home - Check Prices!
New Senior Apartments in Taipei - Take a Look!
See How Much Nurses Make in The US. (See Salaries)
New Stair Lifts Require No Installation (Check Now)
Getting a Marketing Software Might Be Easier Than You Think
MOST POPULAR
Who Is Player 001 in ‘Squid Game’ Season 2?
JMU football 2024 transfer portal tracker
Two killed in wild weather on Sydney-Hobart yacht race
JMU lands eight transfers on the weekend before Christmas
Scheffler sidelined by Christmas cooking injury
LOCAL WEATHER

Currently in Harrisonburg

31° 
Mostly Cloudy
31° / 29°
10 AM
32°
11 AM
35°
12 PM
36°
1 PM
37°
2 PM
38°
NEWSLETTERS
The Quad: News Updates from The Breeze

The latest JMU news, delivered to your inbox on Mondays and Thursdays.

	
SIGNUP
MANAGE LISTS
SECTIONS
Home
News
Opinion
Culture
Sports
Photos
Breeze TV
Local Events
SERVICES
Advertise
About Us
Contact Us
How to Get Involved
Delivery
Place A Classifieds Ad
Promote Your Event
Contributor Policies/Registration
CONTACT INFORMATION
breezejmu.org
1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805
Harrisonburg, VA 22807
Phone: 540-568-6127
Email: breezeeditor@gmail.com

Facebook
 
Twitter
 
YouTube
 
Instagram
© Copyright 2025 The Breeze 1598 S. Main St., MSC 6805, Harrisonburg, VA  | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Powered by BLOX Content Management System from BLOX Digital.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.breezejmu.org/sports/likely-bowl-games-for-jmu-don-t-include-sun-belt-tie-ins-insider-says/article_a1aff7b6-8f26-11ee-8f2b-ab46c5ffdc67.html 
 ----- 
