Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Milwaukee Brewers Star Continues Historic Rookie Season with Monday Grand Slam
The Milwaukee Brewers beat the division-rival St. Louis Cardinals on Monday as Jackson Chourio continues his mark on the 2024 campaign.
Brady Farkas | Sep 3, 2024
Milwaukee Brewers left fielder Jackson Chourio (11) reacts after hitting a grand slam home run in the sixth inning against the St. Louis Cardinals at American Family Field on Sept 2. / Benny Sieu-USA TODAY Sports
In this story:
Milwaukee Brewers

The Milwaukee Brewers beat the St. Louis Cardinals 9-3 on Labor Day Monday in Milwaukee. With the win, they are now 81-57 and they remain in contention for the No. 1 overall seed in the looming National League playoffs. They will battle it out with the Philadelphia Phillies and Los Angeles Dodgers for that distinction.

The big blast in the Monday win was a sixth-inning grand slam by Brewers rookie Jackson Chourio. The 20-year-old, who came into the year as the No. 2 prospect in the sport, has done his part this season, hitting .278 with 18 home runs, 67 RBI and 20 stolen bases.

He figures to finish in the top four of the National League Rookie of the Year voting with Paul Skenes (Pittsburgh Pirates), Shota Imanaga (Chicago Cubs) and Jackson Merrill (San Diego Padres).

That grand slam also helped put him in an incredible class in baseball history, per @StatsCentre:

Uncorking a grand slam in today's @Brewers defeat of the Cardinals, 20-year old rookie sensation Jackson Chourio put together his 3rd game of at least 4 RBI in 2024. It ties him behind only 3 single season totals on this list of players younger than 21 in National League history

With the three such games, Chourio trails only Hall of Famer Mel Ott, Paul Cavarretta and Juan Soto, who each have four. With more than 20 games to go, Chourio will have a chance to tie or break that record by season's end.

The Brewers will take on the Cardinals again on Tuesday at 7:40 p.m. ET.

Follow Fastball on FanNation on social media

Continue to follow our FanNation on SI coverage on social media by liking us on Facebook and by following us on Twitter @FastballFN.

Published Sep 3, 2024
BRADY FARKAS

Brady Farkas is a baseball writer for Fastball on Sports Illustrated/FanNation and the host of 'The Payoff Pitch' podcast which can be found on Apple Podcasts and Spotify. Videos on baseball also posted to YouTube. Brady has spent nearly a decade in sports talk radio and is a graduate of Oswego State University. You can follow him on Twitter @WDEVRadioBrady. 

Home
/
History
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/fannation/mlb/fastball/history/milwaukee-brewers-star-jackson-chourio-continues-historic-rookie-season-with-monday-grand-slam-against-st-louis-cardinals 
 ----- 
