Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 MLB
News
Free Agency
Scoreboard
Standings
Stats
Teams
Players
Odds
Baseball Bar-B-Cast
Fantasy Baseball
World Series
…
Play Daily Draw!
Key takeaways from Cavs-Thunder
5 days, 8 games: Playoff football is here
Keys for wild-card games
Los Angeles wildfires: Sports impact
MLB playoffs 2024: Guardians' bats come out hot, Tigers' pitching chaos backfires in lopsided ALDS Game 1
The 7-0 victory for Cleveland was as commanding and comfortable a win as you’ll see this time of year
Jordan Shusterman
Senior writer
Sat, Oct 5, 2024·8 min read
21

CLEVELAND — It was a perfect afternoon for postseason baseball at Progressive Field, and Guardians fans had waited long enough.

Cleveland had earned a coveted first-round bye, bypassing the harrowing wild-card round, but also an additional five days for fans to anticipate the unmatched feeling of cheering on their team in October. A healthy contingent of Tigers supporters were scattered throughout the venue on Saturday, eager to see if their squad could stay hot after taking down the Astros on the road.

This day, though, would be all about the home team. Any concerns about Cleveland starting slowly due to the extended layoff — one that became even longer than expected after Game 162 vs. Houston was rained out — were squashed before the Tigers had even recorded an out in the Guardians’ eventual 7-0 victory in Game 1 of this ALDS.

Steven Kwan drilled opener Tyler Holton’s second pitch off the right-field wall for a leadoff double that came within inches of being a leadoff homer, and with that, the tone was set. David Fry, Cleveland’s unlikely All-Star with a .430 OBP against southpaws this season, drew a walk. José Ramírez chopped a hard ground ball that third baseman Zack McKinstry couldn’t handle, and it trickled into the left-field corner, allowing Kwan to score the game’s first run.

Josh Naylor followed with a single through the right side to score Fry and put runners on the corners with Lane Thomas coming up. Thomas’ track record of punishing left-handed pitching — .880 career OPS against southpaws, compared to a .680 mark vs. right-handers — signaled the end of the day for the lefty Holton. In came righty Reese Olson, the latest Tiger to make his postseason debut.

It took all of one pitch for Thomas to provide exactly what the Guardians had been searching for when they acquired him at the trade deadline: someone capable of doing damage after Ramírez and Naylor.

A vicious cut from Thomas on a first-pitch slider from Olson sent the ball soaring toward the left-field bleachers, eventually landing a projected 394 feet from home plate. Seemingly in a blink, it was 5-0 Guardians. Damage most certainly done.

Cleveland’s five-run blitz in the first inning tied the MLB record for runs scored to start a postseason game before recording an out, joining last year’s D-backs in Game 1 of the NLDS against the Dodgers. Arizona’s barrage came on the road in front of a downright stunned — and, in turn, silent — Dodger Stadium. Cleveland’s nearly unprecedented offensive display occurred in front of a packed home crowd of 33,548 eager to explode before the Guardians even picked up a bat.

Ramírez and Naylor delivering big hits has become a common sight for the Cleveland crowd. Thomas, though, is a much fresher face, having been acquired at the deadline from the Nationals in an effort to lengthen a Guardians lineup that had become somewhat top-heavy. Thomas struggled initially with Cleveland, hitting .143/.239/.195 with zero homers across 27 games in August. But an .855 OPS in September boosted his confidence down the stretch, priming him to make an impact for Cleveland once the postseason began.

“I've heard this is a great place to play in the postseason,” Thomas said Friday ahead of Game 1. “So I'm excited to play in front of the fans that have been supporting us all year.”

Thomas’ review of the Cleveland crowd after getting to experience it?

“It was electric,” he said on the postgame podium. “I think it was everything I had thought and more. It was really cool, you know, to watch the first four guys take unbelievable at-bats and then come through for them there.”

Cleveland is rockin'! #Postseason pic.twitter.com/UjdoCTb9WI

— MLB (@MLB) October 5, 2024

AJ Hinch explains pitching move — 'punch that we didn't recover from'

For Detroit, a pitching strategy that rarely faltered during a remarkable run to the postseason and past the Astros backfired in spectacular fashion Saturday. Holton’s initial struggles would’ve been tough to overcome regardless of who replaced him, but the choice to throw Olson into this specific fire — runners on the corners with nobody out and the crowd volume close to maxing out — was a curious one.

For all that has rightfully been made about the number of Tigers pitchers capable of performing in practically any role, Olson felt like a slightly different case. He hadn’t pitched since Sept. 26, he hadn’t made a relief appearance this season, and he had never entered a game with runners on base as a big leaguer.

Afterward, manager AJ Hinch explained his decision to go to Olson in that spot.

“We told him early in the day that the Lane Thomas at-bat was going to be it,” Hinch said. “And if you look at the next two Lane Thomas at-bats” — Thomas struck out swinging in the second and flew out on the first pitch against Olson in the fifth — “that was a little more what we drew up. I mean, sometimes their guy beats our guy.

“Reese was ready, and no excuses, and we've been doing this with virtually our entire roster. When it doesn't work, you wonder. But we can't ... you know, we can't fault really anybody other than a good swing on a pitch that changed the game, or separated the game for them, and a punch that we didn't recover from.”

Olson might have been ready, but so was Thomas: “I had faced him earlier on in the season before I got here. And I thought in that situation that I was either going to get a fastball, kind of in off the plate, or something soft that I could hit in the air and at least score that run from third. So I kind of picked one or the other and got the one I was looking for and put a good swing on it.”

Olson hung a slider right down the middle, Thomas made him pay, and Game 1 felt like a wrap from the get-go.

IT IS 5-0 GUARDIANS AND THERE ARE NO OUTS AND IT IS VERY LOUD https://t.co/3Qz682CAep

— Céspedes Family BBQ (@CespedesBBQ) October 5, 2024

Guardians starter Tanner Bibee goes deep into his bag

Afforded a sizable early lead, Guardians starter Tanner Bibee attacked the zone with all of his pitches — including an intriguing new offering in his recently reintroduced sinker — and prevented Detroit from building any semblance of a rally to get back into the game. After throwing just nine sinkers this season (all in his final two starts), Bibee threw the pitch 13 times in Game 1.

He told Yahoo Sports postgame that he decided in recent weeks to bring back the sinker, which he used to throw in college, to give him another weapon to induce weak contact. And that was on display on multiple occasions Saturday: The sinker got Colt Keith to fly out softly to end a tumultuous, 27-pitch first inning and coaxed a ground ball from Spencer Torkelson for a double play in the fourth.

Bibee departed a bit earlier than expected, at just 76 pitches with two outs in the fifth, but with an off day between Games 1 and 2, manager Stephen Vogt had the luxury of being ultra-aggressive with his bullpen, even with a substantial lead. With Kerry Carpenter, Detroit’s most dangerous hitter against right-handed pitching, scheduled to bat with a runner on base, Vogt handed the ball to rookie righty Cade Smith to put an end to the modest threat. Smith — who, as the fWAR leader among all relievers in the regular season, has a sneaky strong case in the AL Rookie of the Year race — struck Carpenter out on three pitches and then added three more punchouts in his postseason debut.

From there, the Guardians coasted. Fry added two more runs with a double in the bottom of the sixth before Tim Herrin, Hunter Gaddis and Emmanuel Clase recorded the remaining nine outs without much trouble. The 7-0 victory for Cleveland was as commanding and comfortable a win as you’ll see this time of year; layoff or no, it would be difficult to script a better start to this series for the Guardians.

“The way we looked at it was, we're going to get five days of rest. We get to recover. We get to turn off for a few days," Vogt said postgame. "And we worked them hard. To the players' credit, they put a ton of effort into our workouts. They got competitive with each other in some simulated games, and it showed. We came out ready to swing the bat, and we looked like we didn't take five days off.”

For now, Detroit can take solace in knowing it gets to hand the ball to ace lefty Tarik Skubal on Monday for Game 2. Facing Skubal will be an undeniable challenge for Cleveland — and an opportunity to utilize the momentum from a resounding Game 1 victory to help level the playing field against such a difficult opponent on the mound. For the 27-year-old lefty, the stage will be set for him to play hero again and try to recapture some good vibes for a Tigers team that needs a stronger collective effort if it’s going to tilt this series back in its favor.

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Ravens WR Zay Flowers ruled out of wild-card game vs. Steelers with knee injury

Flowers injured his knee during Baltimore's Week 18 win over Cleveland.

2h ago
Yahoo Sports
Raiders fire general manager Tom Telesco, 2 days after firing coach Antonio Pierce

That's a clean sweep for the Raiders at the top, which might help them land a head coach who either wants personnel power or can come in with a general manager he has worked with before.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck entering NCAA transfer portal: Report

Beck previously declared for the 2025 NFL Draft, but will play one more college season.

54m ago
Yahoo Sports
NBA postpones Thursday's Hornets-Lakers game due to Los Angeles wildfires, coach JJ Redick's home reportedly lost

"The entire NBA family sends its thoughts and support to the community of Los Angeles during this challenging time," the league said.

1h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Bettors like Notre Dame and Ohio State in the semifinals

Favorites are 8-0 straight up and 7-1 against the spread through the first two rounds of the CFP.

4h ago
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports AM: 5 days of football

In today's edition: Football heaven, Cavs beat Thunder, the best remaining MLB free agents, the NFL's cellar dwellers stunk it up, D-II basketball genius, and more.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
Thunder vs. Cavaliers: Key takeaways from Cleveland's impressive victory

Some key observations and analysis on two teams that could be around in June.

17h ago
Yahoo Sports
Travis Kelce disputes that Chiefs threw game vs. Broncos to duck Bengals in playoffs: 'We didn't f***ing throw any game'

"I'll play them at the Walmart parking lot, I don't give a s***."

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Are the Sacramento Kings better off WITHOUT De’Aaron Fox? | The Big Number

Tom Haberstroh and Dan Devine reveal this week’s Big Number and evaluate if the Sacramento Kings are better off without De’Aaron Fox on the court and, if so, should they trade him before the deadline?

15h ago
Yahoo Sports
Doc: Power conferences seeking more control over NCAA championships, governance

The proposal would grant the SEC, Big Ten, Big 12 and ACC rights to manage postseason championships, such as the men’s and women’s basketball tournaments.

21h ago
Yahoo Sports
Legendary announcer Dick Vitale says he is cancer free, ready to call games for ESPN again

Dick Vitale has gone through numerous cancer battles in recent years.

20h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff players to watch, key to the Cotton Bowl: Ohio State vs. Texas

Whoever wins the Cotton Bowl will likely enter the national title game as the favorite.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Fantasy Football 2024 TE Exit Interview: Is chaos actually a friend to the position?

Fantasy football analyst Scott Pianowski examines what was yet another strange season at the tight end position.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Baseball Hall of Fame voting update: Ichiro Suzuki remains perfect, CC Sabathia, Billy Wagner receive high support

With 118 ballots publicly available, here's where the voting stands.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Bradley Beal has not waived no-trade clause, not discussing trade options with Suns after benching

Bradley Beal has a no-trade clause in his contract that he first signed with the Washington Wizards, and he has no interest in waiving that yet.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
Florida Panthers to host 2026 NHL Winter Classic vs. New York Rangers

This will be the NHL's first outdoor game in Florida and first involving the Panthers.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Kings' home game vs. Flames postponed due to wildfires in Los Angeles

The Kings have announced that their home game against the Calgary Flames scheduled for Wednesday night would be postponed due to the wildfires in Los Angeles.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Lions HC Dan Campbell expects David Montgomery to return for divisional round

Montgomery injured his MCL in Week 15 against the Bills.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Report: NFL teams, including the Raiders and Tom Brady, are reaching out to Bill Belichick just a month into his North Carolina tenure

Belichick was hired as the Tar Heels' new coach in December.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Oregon adds big running back transfer and gets two key players to return for the 2025 season

The Ducks were the only undefeated team at the top level of college football before losing to Ohio State in the Rose Bowl.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
Fantasy Football
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/mlb-playoffs-2024-guardians-bats-come-out-hot-tigers-pitching-chaos-backfires-in-lopsided-alds-game-1-231009935.html 
 ----- 
