Skip to content
EY - Parthenon Logo
insights
services
industries
careers
about-us
My EY
Taiwan
English

|  About EY-Parthenon  |  EY-Parthenon careers  |  Strategy consulting  |  Industry strategy  |

Strategy by EY-Parthenon

In today’s fast-paced world, C-suite and business leaders must truly be effective at driving value creation across their organization.

In today’s complex environment, setting and executing a strategy to optimize the value across all stakeholders of an organization has never been more challenging.


 

CEOs need to consider and take bold and transformative steps such as redefining their organization’s purpose, setting strategic directives in light of radically shifting customer and market dynamics, leading disruptive innovation in their sector, embarking on end-to-end digital transformations, pursuing and optimizing inorganic growth strategies, defining and implementing organic growth strategies,  embedding sustainability into their business model, optimizing their supply chain and setting their global tax agenda.

 

With 9,000+ strategy professionals in more than 50 countries, EY-Parthenon professionals are continually answering the “What?” and the “How?” questions on the CEO agenda to help deliver long-term value across our clients’ organizations.  

 

EY-Parthenon is a strategy consultancy committed to bringing unconventional yet pragmatic thinking together with our clients’ smarts to deliver actionable strategies for real impact in today’s business landscape.

Read more
Featured Thinking
How bolder CEOs take charge to shape their future with confidence
Andrea Guerzoni
04 Sep 2024
Open Image description
This video series delves into the corporate strategies of CEOs.  Watch Bill Anderson, CEO of Bayer AG; Ida Banek, CEO of Ouronyx; Adrian Gore, CEO of Discovery Limited; Rachel Pendered Co-CEO of Media Zoo; lberto Nobis CEO of DHL Express Europe; Petra von Strombeck CEO of New Work SE and Zak Brown CEO of McLaren Racing.



Government Insights Podcast: Governing in a Changing World

Listen to our Government Insights podcast series as we explore how government executives rethink their strategies for economic resilience.

Listen now

Our latest strategy thinking

Five ways private equity can unlock the power of pricing

29 Aug 2023 Malik Ajani Jr + 1

How PE CFOs create value through all five stages of the investment lifecycle

01 May 2021 Lukas Hoebarth + 3

How alternative proteins are reshaping meat industries

14 Mar 2023

Five generative AI initiatives leaders should pursue now

05 Oct 2023 Dan Diasio + 1

Geostrategy by Design

A new book from the Geostrategic Business Group and a professor from the ESG Initiative at the Wharton School, advises executives on how to manage geopolitical risks in the new era of globalization. 

Order your copy today

Sustainability strategy insights

ESG and access to capital: Why insurers must stay focused on ratings

19 Dec 2022 Krisztina Bakor

How your corporate strategy can deliver both growth and sustainability

18 Nov 2022

M&A strategy insights

Three trends shaping portfolio moves in a red-hot M&A marke

18 Oct 2021 Andrea Guerzoni + 2

How can you design and deliver a strategy fit for the real world?

CEOs need to make big changes fast, and they need strategy that works in today’s real world.

Watch video

Sector strategy insights

How CDMOs are leading innovation for pharmaceutical partners

14 Jul 2022 Dr. Isabelle Heiber

How construction companies can combine profitable growth with net zero

28 Mar 2022

Why genome editing technologies are creating buzz in medicine

05 Oct 2021 Dr. Isabelle Heiber + 1

How the tower sector is contributing to the European economy

01 Aug 2024 Dr. Ulrich Loewer

How the airline industry is bracing for an uncertain recovery

20 May 2021 Andrew Wollaston + 6

Have you reinvented strategy to see new opportunities tomorrow?

23 Mar 2021 Yew-Poh Mak + 1
Previous
1
2
Next

Direct to your inbox

Stay up to date with our Editor's picks newsletter.

Subscribe

How EY-Parthenon can help

Strategy consulting

EY-Parthenon professionals recognize that CEOs and business leaders are tasked with achieving maximum value for their organizations’ stakeholders in this transformative age. We challenge assumptions to design and deliver strategies that help improve profitability and long-term value.

Read more

Service Leader

John van Rossen

Global EY-Parthenon Leader

Barak Ravid

EY Americas Strategy and Transactions Technology Sector Leader

Falco Weidemeyer

EY Global Turnaround and Restructuring Leader

Corporate and growth strategy

EY-Parthenon professionals can help your business design and provide transformative strategies for sustainable growth. Learn more.

Read more

Transaction strategy and execution

EY-Parthenon professionals can help your company maximize value throughout the deal lifecycle, from target assessment through integration and beyond. Learn how.

Read more

Restructuring and turnaround strategy

Our restructuring and turnaround professionals can help your business transform, create, preserve and recover value. Find out how.

Read more

Commercial strategy consulting

Our EY-Parthenon commercial strategy team can help you realize enterprise growth, improve profitability, extend customer and shareholder value. Learn more.

Read more

Strategy, transaction and transformation consulting

EY and EY-Parthenon can help you devise a strategy to realize your ambition: powered by technology, shaped by your portfolio and executed by transformation.

Read more

Energy and resources strategy consulting

EY-Parthenon energy strategy consulting teams help C-suites drive future value-creation. Learn more.

Read more

Financial services strategy consulting

EY-Parthenon financial services strategy consulting can help create value for banking and capital markets, wealth and asset management, and insurance.

Read more

Education strategy consulting

Discover how EY-Parthenon education strategy consulting teams can help education leaders identify future challenges and implement changes to meet them.

Read more

Private equity strategy consulting

EY-Parthenon provides strategy consulting to private equity firms by helping clients maximize value throughout the investment lifecycle. Learn more.

Read more

Digital strategy consulting

Discover how EY-Parthenon's digital strategy consulting teams design & deliver digital business strategy that helps accelerate business transformation & fuels growth.

Read more

Software strategy consulting services

EY-Parthenon software strategy consulting brings real-world software CTO and CPO-level experience to drive value. Learn more.

Read more

Government & public sector strategy consulting

EY-Parthenon government and public sector strategy teams help officials make better decisions. Learn more.

Read more

Health Sciences and Wellness Strategy Consulting

EY-Parthenon Health and Wellness Strategy Consulting teams help develop and deliver growth, transaction, digital and value creation strategies. We help health and life sciences organizations build greater financial and operational resilience and technical agility, supporting their future growth within an ever-changing landscape.

Read more

Read more
The team
Show more

On the agenda (7)

Skip

geostrategy

geostrategy

Discover east

Education

Education

Discover east

Business growth

Featured: How bolder CEOs take charge to shape their future with confidence

Discover east

digital

digital

Discover east

Strategy and Transactions

Featured: How bolder CEOs take charge to shape their future with confidence

Discover east

mergers-acquisitions

Discover east

CEO agenda

CEO agenda

Discover east
Contact us
Like what you’ve seen? Get in touch to learn more.
EY Parthenon footer logo
Connect with us

Our locations
My EY
Site map
Legal and privacy
Open Facebook profile
Open X profile
Open LinkedIn profile
Open Youtube profile

EY refers to the global organization, and may refer to one or more, of the member firms of Ernst & Young Global Limited, each of which is a separate legal entity. Ernst & Young Global Limited, a UK company limited by guarantee, does not provide services to clients. For more information about our organization, please visit ey.com.

EY-Parthenon is a brand under which a number of EY member firms across the globe provide strategy consulting services.

Welcome to EY Taiwan (EN)

Welcome to EY.com

In addition to cookies that are strictly necessary to operate this website, we use the following types of cookies to improve your experience and our services: Functional cookies to enhance your experience (e.g. remember settings), Performance cookies to measure the website's performance and improve your experience, and Marketing/Targeting cookies, which are set by third parties, allow us to execute marketing campaigns, manage our relationship with you, build a profile of your interests and provide you with content or service offerings in accordance with your preferences.




You may withdraw your consent to cookies at any time once you have entered the website through a link in the cookie policy, which you can find at the bottom of each page on the website in the ‘Legal and Privacy’ section.




Review our cookie policy for more information.

I decline optional cookies
I accept all cookies
Customize cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.ey.com/en_tw/services/strategy 
 ----- 
