#1  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#2  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#3  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
#4  WATCH | Dr Malinga addresses Tsekeleke's R100K donation controversy
#5  Ramaphosa hails GNU in new year's message
#1  ‘Don’t touch my pocket!’ SA passengers say airlines must pay for reducing their carbon footprint, not them
#2  Conscious breathing can reduce anxiety and depression – tips for how to do it
#3  As Gaza suffers, experts call on hunger monitor to redefine famine
#4  WATCH | Dr Malinga addresses Tsekeleke's R100K donation controversy
#5  Ramaphosa hails GNU in new year's message
CRICKET
Van der Dussen and Rickelton’s record partnership silences the Bullring as they hammer Super Kings
13 January 2024 - 18:27
Stuart Hess
Sports reporter
 
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Rassie van der Dussen shared a record partnership with Ryan Rickelton as MI Cape Town thrashed Joburg Super Kings at Wanderers.
Image: Ron Gaunt/Sportzpics/SA20/BackpagePix

Rassie van der Dussen and Ryan Rickelton’s record partnership of 200 silenced a cacophony of whistles at the Wanderers as MI Cape Town claimed its first win in the 2024 edition of the SA20 on Saturday. 

Van der Dussen and Rickelton usually call the "Bullring" home when playing for Central Gauteng Lions, but donning enemy colours they used every bit of knowledge about their surroundings to propel the Cape Town to a substantial total of 243/5 — the second-largest in the tournament.  

In the process they shared an opening partnership of 200, by some distance the biggest partnership in the competition’s brief history, as Cape Town claimed a 98-run victory after bowling out the Joburg Super Kings for 145 in the 18th over. 

Taking advantage of a dreadful effort with the ball and in the field from the Super Kings, the pair smashed their way to 200 in just the 16th over.  

Van der Dussen scored 104 off just 50 balls, an innings packed with bruising shotmaking and most importantly intent, featuring nine fours and six sixes.  

CSA relieves Teeger of SA under-19 captaincy, citing security concerns
Cricket South Africa on Friday relieved David Teeger of the SA under-19 captaincy ahead of the under-19 Cricket World Cup, citing security concerns.
SPORT11 months ago

Rickelton, meanwhile, fell agonisingly short of the mark when he was dismissed in the final over for 98, an innings in which he hit six fours and eight sixes.  

The home team’s bowling generally was awful.  There was no control or discipline — and the fielding was even worse. Apart from Faf du Plessis’s sensational one-handed diving effort, with the ball coming over his left shoulder, to get rid of Dewald Brevis, the rest of the JSK fielding display was diabolical.  

There were knock-ons, miss-fields, boundary fielders running past the ball, a dreadful drop by Donavan Ferreira, and endless struggles for young wickekeeper Ronan Herrmann — until his own spectacular one-handed grab, diving to his left, that led to Rickelton’s dismissal. 

JSK’s response with the bat floundered in the power play, in which they lost four wickets and scored only 47 runs.  

Leus Du Plooy’s 48 was the only bit of resistance shown by the home team.  

Left-arm spinner George Linde, another player aiming to prove a point to Walter with the World Cup in mind, picked up 2/25, with the margin of Cape Town’s victory enough to earn them a bonus point. 

READ MORE:
Proteas ‘no chancers’ looking for an upset against New Zealand
The squad chosen to play two Tests against New Zealand has been surrounded by controversy, but the players themselves are up for the challenge
SPORT11 months ago
Why CSA dropped David Teeger
Although Cricket SA has no fears over the direct safety of David Teeger during the ICC Under-19 World Cup, the Sunday Times understands that the ...
SPORT11 months ago
Super Kings hope to make Wanderers an intimidating home base
Creating an intimidating atmosphere at home remains a goal for all the teams in the SA20, with season two reaching Gauteng for the first time this ...
SPORT11 months ago
Master Klaasen delivers for Super Giants in SA20 win over MI Cape Town
Heinrich Klaasen proved again why T20 franchises around the world have been happy to offer him large sums of money, making his decision to quit Test ...
SPORT11 months ago
Rain has final say in SA20 opener between Sunrisers EC and Super Kings in Gqeberha
Persistent showers over St George’s Park saw the opening match of the SA20 between the defending champions Sunrisers Eastern Cape and the Joburg ...
SPORT11 months ago
Just R20 for the first month.
Support independent journalism by subscribing to our digital news package.
Subscribe now
Next Article

Would you like to comment on this article?
Sign up (it's quick and free) or sign in now.

SIGN UP
SIGN IN

Please read our Comment Policy before commenting.

by Taboola
Promoted Links
You May Like
Here’s How Much Gutter Guards Should Cost You in South Carolina
Stop worrying about clogs and...
Smart Lifestyle Trends
Seven people, including toddl er, killed in head-on collision on N4 in Mpumalanga
A head-on collision between two...
2024 Senior SUV is A True Head Turner (You'll Love The Price)
TrueSearches | Search Ads
25-year-old man killed in dispute over parking in KZN
A dispute over parking claimed...
New Land Rover Defender Has Arrived & It's Turning Heads (Take A Look)
SUVs | Top Searcher Now
13 dead, including family on their way to a wedding and policeman in two KZN accide nts
Thirteen people, including eight...
MOST READ
'This, without doubt, is the one innings that I will remember for the rest of ...
CRICKET
Pirates ‘want to write own history’: Riveiro admits Bucs dreaming of PSL title
SOCCER
‘He carries lot of responsibility for big team like Chiefs’: Nabi hails ...
SOCCER
'We have to manage the group': Sundowns coach Cardoso on his Iqraam Rayners ...
SOCCER
Chippa United announce Kwanele Kopo’s surprising exit as coach
SOCCER
LATEST VIDEOS
These robots made headlines in 2024 | REUTERS
Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt reach divorce settlement - Entertainment
READ MORE
About us
Contact us
Advertise
Subscribe
Mobile site
FAQs
Terms & conditions
Privacy policy
OUR NETWORK
SowetanLIVE
BusinessLIVE
Business Day
Financial Mail
HeraldLIVE
DispatchLIVE
Wanted Online
SA Home Owner
Business Media MAGS
Arena Events
Careers and Tenders
© 2025 Arena Holdings (Pty) Ltd. All rights reserved.

This website uses cookies to run essential services and improve or personalise your reading experience. Read more about how we manage your information in our privacy and cookie policies.

Accept cookies
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/cricket/2024-01-13-van-der-dussen-and-rickeltons-record-partnership-silence-the-bullring-as-they-hammer-super-kings/ 
 ----- 
