Home
News
Business
Sports
Entertainment
Features
Opinion
Archive
EDITIONS
The Guardian
Nipashe
Nipashe Jumapili
THE GUARDIAN
SPORTS
FOOTBALL
Taifa Stars face a must-win testing battle against Guinea
By Lloyd Elipokea , The Guardian
Published at 01:33 PM Sep 10 2024
Photo: File
Taifa Stars

WITH the 2025 AFCON qualifiers now up and running, there is a sense of disappointment among die-hard Tanzanian football fans over the outcome of the Stars’ opening qualifier against Ethiopia last Wednesday.

Fielding a mostly youthful side, the Taifa Stars tellingly lacked a much-needed killer instinct in and around their opponents’ 18-yard box.

And, with the Ethiopians largely playing a defensive game, it was not a surprise that the consequential face-off disappointingly ended in a 0-0 stalemate.

Having thus earned a minute single point from their opening AFCON qualifier, Taifa Stars face an all-important, do-or-die football contest against tricky customers Guinea today at the Charles Banny Stadium in Yamoussoukro, Ivory Coast.

Indeed, considering their arguably shaky start, Taifa Stars cannot afford a gigantic slip-up against Guinea today as more dropped points could prove to be disastrously costly on the Stars’ path ahead.

It should be noted that some keen football enthusiasts on the local scene have called for the inclusion of the country’s seasoned football stars like the reliably menacing winger, Simon Msuva, for example in the national football team.

One point that should be highlighted is the fact that only time will tell if Taifa Stars are in need of our greatly experienced veterans or not.

What cannot be questioned is the fact that Taifa Stars will need to utterly try their damnedest to get the better of the ever challenging Guineans in the key 2025 AFCON qualifier today.

Let us now ponder on Simba SC’s CAF Confederations Cup campaign, which is set to commence on September 14 against their hosts Al Ahly Tripoli at the Tripoli International Stadium in Libya.

Indeed, following an uncharacteristically lackluster campaign last season, the Msimbazi Street-based outfit are likely champing at the bit to begin their bid for continental glory.

As they plot the downfall of Al Ahly Tripoli, Simba would do well to remember that their opponents are not to be sniffed at.

As history amply shows, underestimating one’s opponents even in these early days of the CAF Confederations Cup is done at one’s peril.

In light of that, one hopes that Simba will head into their first leg battle against their Libyan hosts with a potent mixture of confidence and an awareness of their opponents’ strengths.

Let us now switch our focus to the appalling and hurtful matter of racism, which reared its ugly head roughly around the start of the brand new English Premier League (EPL) campaign.

Indeed, the issue of racism being alluded to here concerns Chelsea’s Argentinean playmaker, Enzo Fernandes, who recently live-streamed an insulting racist song on social media that was sung by himself and his fellow Argentinean players about the Gallic players of the French national football team.

For some unfathomable reason, multiple Argentinean national team players took to singing a racist song that taunted the African origins of some players on the French national football team.

This disgusting incident took place in the hours following Argentina’s triumph at the Copa America, and it was rightly condemned by all and sundry.

Indisputably, it is wholly bizarre that Argentina chose to engage in this damnable racist behavior when the European football heavyweights had not even featured in the Copa America.

However, as if that were not enough, what really took the biscuit was the shocking fact that Chelsea’s head coach Enzo Maresca deemed it fitting to appoint Fernandes as the skipper of the EPL giants nicknamed the Blues.

Needless to say, this move by the Chelsea head coach justifiably raised the ire of many pundits and football fans alike.

Regrettably, it also demonstrates that we still have an extremely long way to go before we can successfully rid football of the damaging effects of racism.

TOP HEADLINES
Faith leaders, VPO pact on climate change roles
Stakeholders hail first honey cargo to China
Police arrest 395 in month long swoop
Minister underscores the need for careful conservation of Isle’s historic Stone Town
PCCB Mbeya set sights on corruption-free 2025 polls
Maasai communities turn to sunflower cultivation
High prices of cashew bring joy to farmers in 11th auction in Mtwara
TGNP gears up for Beijing+30 with journalist orientation session
China takes countermeasures against US military companies, senior executives
China to hold ‘two sessions’ in first week of March
TRENDING STORIES
CATEGORIES
ENTIRE WEBSITE
Arusha’s new stadium plans align with Benjamin Mkapa Stadium renovation
 27 Mar 2024
Dar boxers win two medals in 2024 All-Africa Games
 20 Mar 2024
French Embassy launches ‘Boxing Queens’ project for female pugilists
 27 Jun 2024
Parimatch launches 'Twenzetu Dubai' promotion, signs contract with Zaylissa
 01 May 2024
BFT impressed by Dar boxers' showing in S. Africa tourney
 24 Apr 2024
RELATED NEWS
Africa must build strong fiscal buffers to tackle debt sustainability challenges, urges expert
 21h ago
Xiplomacy: Xi’s letters add dynamism to China’s global exchanges
 22h ago
China takes countermeasures against US military companies, senior executives
 22h ago
Nigeria spends N8.73 billion powering airports in 2024
 22h ago
Njombe avocado farmers decry revenue loss to poor govt’s policy of foreign firms
 22h ago
TASAF funded health infrastructure benefit communities in Dodoma, Ruvuma regions
 23h ago
TGNP gears up for Beijing+30 with journalist orientation session
 23h ago
Twenty years on: 'My boat was metres from the shore when the tsunami hit'
 23h ago
Switching off from work can be difficult but taking a proper break is good for your health
 23h ago
PHOTOS
LOCAL NEWS
Bus shortage strands hundreds at Magufuli terminal
 3d ago
LOCAL NEWS
Kijaji visits Nile perch processing factory in Kagera
 3d ago
LOCAL NEWS
Clean energy boost: MP Gwau delivers gas cylinders to Singida residents
 3d ago
VIDEO
WORLD
China's poverty reduction policies important paradigm for developing countries: Brazilian expert
 23 Nov 2024
WORLD
Xi attends welcome ceremony held by Brazilian president
 22 Nov 2024
WORLD
Xi Jinping and the hallmark of the "City of CII
 05 Nov 2024
ABOUT
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Advertise with Us
Contact Us
FOLLOWS US ON
NEWS
Local News
World
BUSINESS
SPORTS
Football
Basketball
Boxing
Cricket
ENTERTAINMENT
FEATURES
OPINION
Editorial
Cartoon
EDITIONS
The Guardian
Nipashe
Nipashe Jumapili
OUR NETWORKING
ITV - RADIO ONE - EAST AFRICA TELEVISION - EAST AFRICA RADIO - CAPITAL TV - CAPITAL RADIO

© 2024 IPPMEDIA.COM. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://ippmedia.com/the-guardian/sports/football/read/taifa-stars-face-a-must-win-testing-battle-against-guinea-2024-09-10-133330 
 ----- 
