MwanaClick
Search
Subscribe 
Log in
Sports
Tanzania defeats Guinea 2-1 in AFCON qualifiers
Tuesday, September 10, 2024 — updated on September 14, 2024

By 
Anthony Pius

Web reporter

Mwananchi communications Ltd

What you need to know:
The victory keeps Taifa Stars in second place in Group H with four points

Dar es Salaam. Tanzania's national football team, Taifa Stars, secured a crucial 2-1 victory against Guinea in their Africa Cup of Nations (AFCON) 2025 qualifiers today.

The Group H match took place at the Charles Konan Banny Stadium, also known as Yamoussoukro Stadium, in Côte d’Ivoire.

This victory was vital for Taifa Stars, who had drawn 0-0 against Ethiopia in their first Group H match last week at Benjamin Mkapa Stadium.

RELATED
Taifa Stars face Guinea in tricky AFCON's Group H qualifier
Sports Sep 10

Guinea opened the scoring in the 57th minute with a goal from Mohamed Bayo.

However, Taifa Stars quickly responded, equalizing just four minutes later through a stunning strike by Feisal Salum.

Their resilience paid off when Mudathir Yahya scored the winning goal in the 88th minute.

The victory keeps Taifa Stars in second place in Group H with four points, while the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) leads the group with six points after winning both of their matches.

Group H standing table




 
 
 
It's the content that counts

We come to you. We are always looking for ways to improve our stories. Let us know what you liked and what we can improve on.

I've got feedback!
IN THE HEADLINES
PRIME
 Fraud cases spur diaspora’s push for dual citizenship in Tanzania

Despite repeated calls, the government maintains its position on dual citizenship

National Just now
PRIME
 Ugali wa Yanga: A symbol of resilience, sporting pride in Tanzania's history

The term "Ugali wa Yanga" emerged due to the yellow hue of the maize flour

National 46 min ago
Trump asks Supreme Court to halt law that could ban TikTok

The law mandates that ByteDance must sell TikTok to an American company by January 19, 2025, or face a ban.

World 1 hour ago
NEWS
Business
Entertainment
Sports
SPORTS
BUSINESS
OPED
ZANZIBAR
MAGAZINES
DIASPORA
JOBS
Contact us
ePaper
Web Mail
Frequently asked questions
NMG Privacy Policy
Terms of use
Terms and Conditions of Use
Our Blog Rules

Nation Media Group © 2024
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.thecitizen.co.tz/tanzania/sports/tanzania-defeats-guinea-2-1-in-afcon-qualifiers-4757018 
 ----- 
