Subscribe
Get app
Take Scroll With You
Download the app to read our award-winning journalism on the go and stay up-to-date with our notifications.
Get the app
ANDROID
iOS
Home
Common Ground
The India Fix
Eco India
The Latest
The Reel
Magazine
Video
Trending
Sections
Cookie policy

We use cookies for analytics, advertising and to improve our site. You agree to our use of cookies by hitting ‘Accept’ button, closing this message box or continuing to use our site. To find out more see our Privacy policy .

Accept
OTHERS ARE
Reading 
1

Why Jammu is not cheering new rail line ‘integrating’ Kashmir with Delhi

2

Hello 2025: Six recently-published Indian nonfiction books to welcome a new year with

3

Uber Shuttle: How far will the ride-hailing app’s bus service go?

4

‘A right for everyone’: Why Abhijit Banerjee has written a book about the ‘pleasures’ of food

5

Plea seeks to stop PM Modi’s chadar offering to Ajmer Sharif Dargah

6

Delhi elections: BJP fields Parvesh Verma against Arvind Kejriwal, Ramesh Bidhuri to face Atishi

7

How Bollywood lost its Goan rhythm

8

India’s forest cover increases but declines in biodiversity-rich areas

9

Why a High Court barring lawyers wearing veils is discriminatory

10

Chhattisgarh: Bastar journalist found dead in septic tank two days after he went missing

SRI LANKA IN INDIA
India vs Sri Lanka: Sanju Samson ruled out of the T20I series with knee injury
Vidarbha’s Jitesh Sharma, who plays for Punjab Kings in the IPL, has been named as the replacement.
Scroll Staff
Jan 04, 2023 · 10:48 pm
Updated Jan 04, 2023 · 10:53 pm
READ IN APP
Sanju Samson | BCCI / Sportzpics

Wicketkeeper-batter Sanju Samson has been ruled out of the remainder of the three-match T20I series against Sri Lanka.

Samson had hurt his left knee while attempting to field a ball near the boundary ropes during the first T20I at the Wankhede Stadium in Mumbai. His knee had gotten stuck to the ground and a divot came off as he tried to slide, in vain to prevent a boundary.

“He was taken for scans and a specialist opinion this afternoon in Mumbai by the BCCI Medical Team and has been advised rest and rehabilitation,” BCCI said in a statement.

The All-India Senior Selection Committee has named Jitesh Sharma as replacement for Sanju Samson. Vidarbha’s Jitesh Sharma, who plays for Punjab Kings in the IPL. In 71 T20s, he has scored 1787 runs at a strike rate of close to 148.0.

India play the second T20I against Sri Lanka in Pune on 5th January, 2023.

Samson was anyway not named in the ODI squad for the three matches to follow the T20IS.

India’s updated squad for Sri Lanka T20Is: Hardik Pandya (Captain), Ishan Kishan (wk), Ruturaj Gaikwad, Shubman Gill, Suryakumar Yadav (VC), Deepak Hooda, Rahul Tripathi, Jitesh Sharma (wk), Washington Sundar, Yuzvendra Chahal, Axar Patel, Arshdeep Singh, Harshal Patel, Umran Malik, Shivam Mavi, Mukesh Kumar.

India’s updated squad for Sri Lanka ODIs: Rohit Sharma (Captain), Shubman Gill, Virat Kohli, Suryakumar Yadav, Shreyas Iyer, KL Rahul (wk), Ishan Kishan (wk), Hardik Pandya (VC), Washington Sundar, Yuzvendra Chahal, Kuldeep Yadav, Axar Patel, Jasprit Bumrah, Mohd. Shami, Mohd. Siraj, Umran Malik, Arshdeep Singh.

India have a 1-0 lead in the series after debutant pacer Shivam Mavi led an inspired bowling with his four wickets as India edged out Sri Lanka by two runs in a thrilling opening Twenty20 international on Tuesday.

Mavi returned figures of 4-22 to help the hosts bowl out Sri Lanka for 160 in a victory target of 163 and lead the three-match series 1-0 in Mumbai.

The 24-year-old Mavi was ably supported by fellow pace bowlers Umran Malik and Harshal Patel as they picked up two wickets each.

Axar Patel, a left-arm spinner, held his nerve in a tense last over when Sri Lanka needed 12 for a win and Chamika Karunaratne gave India a scare with his unbeaten 23.

Samson had been deployed as an outfielder with Ishan Kishan donning the gloves.

(With AFP inputs)

Get the app
ANDROID
iOS

Buy an annual Scroll Membership to support independent journalism and get special benefits.

PICK AN AMOUNT
$50
$100
$250
$1,000
Other
No ads
Evening Edition newsletter
Members-only events
Weekly Edition newsletter
Merchandise
Help design new products
Editorial meet-up invitation
Continue to payment 
Already a member? Sign in
We welcome your comments at letters@scroll.in.
Sanju Samson
Hardik Pandya
India Vs Sri Lanka
Related
IND vs SL: ‘Business as usual for Virat Kohli’, ‘Majestic Shubman Gill’ – Reactions to special tons
Trending
Why Jammu is not cheering new rail line ‘integrating’ Kashmir with Delhi
Hello 2025: Six recently-published Indian nonfiction books to welcome a new year with
Uber Shuttle: How far will the ride-hailing app’s bus service go?
‘A right for everyone’: Why Abhijit Banerjee has written a book about the ‘pleasures’ of food
Plea seeks to stop PM Modi’s chadar offering to Ajmer Sharif Dargah
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://scroll.in/field/1041220/india-vs-sri-lanka-sanju-samson-ruled-out-of-the-t20i-series-with-knee-injury 
 ----- 
