Primary Menu
SECTIONS
Search
Email
New York Post
LOG IN
Open main sports navigation
Sports
MLB
New York Yankees
New York Mets
Scores
Stats
Standings
Teams
Players
Odds
Injuries
Transactions
Drafts
Search
RECOMMENDED
Skip to main content
MLB
Creed cheers on Rangers at ALCS Game 3: ‘Fans of anyone who supports us’
By Christian Arnold
Published Oct. 19, 2023, 6:56 p.m. ET

Creed was welcomed in Arlington, Texas, “With Arms Wide Open” on Wednesday night when the band made an appearance at Globe Life Field when the Rangers returned home for Game 3 against the rival Astros. 

The band’s appearance was not enough to take the Rangers “Higher,” as they fell 8-5, but the appearance by Texas’ unofficial hype band was a welcome sight to many in the stands.

The band has surprisingly shot back into a pop culture phenomenon after pitcher Andrew Heaney revealed earlier this month that the Rangers rocked out in the clubhouse to Creed’s music before games.

Naturally, the band had to show its support with members Scott Stapp, Scott Phillips, Mark Tremonti and Brian Marshall all wearing Rangers jerseys and appearing on the video board as their hit song “Higher” played over the speakers. 

Creed also appeared in a short video on X, where they checked in to say “Let’s Go Rangers” and “ Go MLB, baby.” 

3
Lead vocalist Scott Stapp, Eric Friedman and Mark Tremonti of the rock band Creed attend Game Three of the American League Championship Series between the Texas Rangers and the Houston Astros at Globe Life Field on October 18, 2023.
Getty Images

The band quickly jumped onto the Rangers bandwagon after Heaney revealed the team’s affinity for the music.

“Of course, how could you not embrace a city that’s embraced us for so many years?” Stapp said to reporters before Game 3. “I mean with the Cowboys back in the early 2000s and now with the Rangers. We’re fans of anyone who supports us, we support them.” 

“It’s great that the Rangers and us can both help each other out,” guitarist Tremonti added, per the Dallas Morning News.

3
Members of the band Creed pose for a photo during Game 3 of the ALCS between the Houston Astros and the Texas Rangers at Globe Life Field on Wednesday, October 18, 2023 in Arlington, Texas.
MLB Photos via Getty Images

Rangers fans also quickly took to Creed after it was reported that the team loved the rock songs.

Fans belted out the lyrics during Game 3 of the ALDS against the Baltimore Orioles before the Rangers took the game and series in a sweep. 

According to Fox 4 in Dallas-Fort Worth, streams of the band on Spotify were up 175 percent during the clinching game over their September average.

3
Members of the band Creed sing during Game 3 of the ALCS between the Houston Astros and the Texas Rangers at Globe Life Field on Wednesday, October 18, 2023.
MLB Photos via Getty Images

What do you think? Post a comment.

Despite Wednesday’s loss, the Rangers lead the ALCS over the Astros 2-1 heading into Thursday’s Game 4. 

Texas is in the middle of its first postseason appearance since 2016 and also hoping to advance to the World Series for the first time since back-to-back runs in 2010 and 2011.

FILED UNDER CREED  MLB PLAYOFFS  TEXAS RANGERS  10/19/23
SPONSORED STORIES
AROUND THE WEB
People Are Talking About Melania's Coat At Carter's Funeral
PageSix.com
Details Emerge About Murdered CEO Brian Thomson's Personal Life
NYPost.com
'80s Pop Star Dead At 75
NYPost.com
Ben Affleck Flees To Ex Jennifer Garner's Home Amid Big LA Fires
PageSix.com
Taylor Swift's Super Inappropriate Outfit Is Beyond Embarrassing
Women.com
Pennsylvania Exotic Dancer Brutalized By Drunk Patron
Oxygen.com
Senator's Husband Refuses To Shake Kamala's Hand, Causes A Stir
Madamenoire.com
CNN Anchor Kaitlan Collins Showed Off Her Killer Legs
NickiSwift.com
Ivanka Trump Flaunts Her Killer Figure In Swimsuit Snaps
NickiSwift.com
Powered by ZergNet
×
Introducing a new & expanded Sports+ subscription

Now the only way to read sports columns, get premium newsletters & more.

TRY IT FREE
MORE STORIES
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
LinkedIn
Email
YouTube
© 2025 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Membership Terms Privacy Notice Sitemap
Your California Privacy Rights Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt-Out
Before you go ...
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://nypost.com/2023/10/19/rangers-welcome-band-creed-at-alcs-game-3-vs-astros/ 
 ----- 
