CLOSE
Weather
30°F
Dallas, Tx
News
Collin County
Courts
Crime
Curious Texas
Education
Elections
Environment
Faith
Healthy Living
Immigration
Inside the Newsroom
Inspired
Investigations
National
News Commentary
Obituaries
Politics
PolitiFact
Public Health
Public Safety
Texas
Transportation
Watchdog
Weather
World
Business
Airlines
Autos
Banking
Business Commentary
Economy
Energy
Entrepreneurs
Health Care
Jobs
Local Companies
Personal Finance
Philanthropy
Real Estate
Retail
Technology
The Texas Lawbook
Top Workplaces
Sports
Baylor Bears
College Sports
Cowboys
FC Dallas
Golf
Mavericks
North Texas
Oklahoma Sooners
Other Schools
Other Sports
Rangers
SMU Mustangs
Stars
TCU Horned Frogs
Texas A&M Aggies
Texas Longhorns
Texas Tech Red Raiders
TV Radio Listings
Wings
High School Sports
Baseball
Basketball
Football
Other Sports
Soccer
Softball
Volleyball
Arts & Entertainment
Architecture
Books
Holidays
Lifestyle
Movies
Performing Arts
Pop Culture
Pop Music
State Fair
Travel
TV
Visual Arts
Food
Restaurant News
Recipes
Restaurant Reviews
Drinks
Cooking
Go See DFW
Editor's Picks Events
Free Events
Pop Music Events
Museums and Sculptures
Holiday Events
Opinion
Commentary
Editorials
Leading Dallas
Letters to the Editor
Public Editor
Submit a Letter to the Editor
Texan of the Year
The American Middle
We Recommend
Al Día
Today's ePaper
Today's Articles in Print
Newsletters
Marketplace & Advertising
Abode
Best in DFW
Classifieds
Local Obituaries
Sponsored
Timeless in Texas
Skip to Main Content
Skip to footer
Sections
Sign In
Subscribe
MORE FROM HOMEPAGE
For Texas QB Quinn Ewers, Cotton Bowl loss to Ohio State is harsh way to be remembered
Car crashes during icy weather down from average January day in Dallas last year
TV host and author Joyce Meyer plans to pause her program with Daystar Television Network
Two D-FW zip codes among the hottest in the country for home sales in 2024
Kohl’s closing Dallas site amid pullback on ‘underperforming’ stores
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
‘Real Housewives of New York’ star shares D-FW travel woes on social media
Deja vu: For second straight year, Texas’ CFP hopes end with excruciating semifinal loss
How could Texas politics influence UT president search after Hartzell’s departure?
ADVERTISEMENT
THIS IS MEMBER-EXCLUSIVE CONTENT

SPORTSRANGERS

The streaky Texas Rangers have returned vs. Astros in ALCS, for better or worse
After seven straight wins to open the playoffs, Texas has shown a pair of subpar performances at home.

By Tim Cowlishaw

Oct. 19, 2023
|
Updated 10:37 p.m. CDT
|
4 min. read
Texas Rangers players hang on the dugout watching Houston Astros relief pitcher Phil Maton (88) throw during the eighth inning in Game 4 of the American League Championship Series, Thursday, Oct. 19, at Globe Life Field in Arlington.(Tom Fox / Staff Photographer)

ARLINGTON — Back when these Rangers were torching Tampa Bay, belting Baltimore and then giving the Astros an butt-kicking in Houston, you still had to wonder. No one goes undefeated for a month in the baseball postseason, not even the 1998 Yankees. So what was going to happen to Texas when it finally lost a game?

A 10-3 Astros victory in Game 4 on Thursday followed their 8-5 win Wednesday. Now we have seen the tragic unraveling.

The streaky Rangers are back. The team you loved and the team you couldn’t stomach are one and the same. And there may be no recovery unless their Lone Star rivals are determined to repeat the weirdest part of Astros history. That would be the 2019 World Series — the only one of its kind — when the home team lost all seven games and the Washington Nationals prevailed by being the road team for the start and finish of that series.

Even though the Rangers have gone 6-0 on the road to this point, this seems to be an unlikely route to travel. It’s not just the only World Series in which this has happened, it’s the only best-of-7 series in MLB or the NBA or the NHL in which the road team won all seven games.

Rangers

Be the smartest Rangers fan. Get the latest news.

SIGN UP

Or with:

GOOGLE
FACEBOOK

By signing up you agree to our 
Terms of Service
 and 
Privacy Policy

So the betting odds aren’t great.

Barring that, the Rangers’ best option is to pull out of this two-game skid before it gets serious Friday afternoon and their ALCS chances grow desperate.

ADVERTISEMENT

Suddenly, the Astros’ bats are the ones on fire and the Rangers are taking a beating. In winning their first seven playoff game, the Rangers’ pitching was exemplary as they outscored opponents 39-16. This team beat seven straight starting pitchers. Jose Leclerc finished seven straight games. It was a smoother playoff ride than even Bruce Bochy, leader of three World Series winners in San Francisco, had ever managed.

In two nights back at Globe Life Field, Texas has surrendered 18 runs while using 12 pitchers. This is par for the course in this rivalry as Houston has now won seven straight here by scoring 74 runs. Houston has scored at least 10 runs five times in this seven-game stretch. For the season, Houston is 8-1 here with 26 home runs. The big one in Game 4 came from the bat of Jose Abreu, a three-run shot in the fourth inning that elevated Houston’s slim lead of 4-3 to 7-3.

Texas never recovered.

Photos: Astros crush Rangers pitching at Globe Life Field, tie up ALCS in Game 4
72 IMAGES
VIEW GALLERY
ADVERTISEMENT

During the last six weeks of the season, the Rangers had recovery issues of another kind. Every game seemed to be part of a streak. The big slide from a season spent in first place in the AL West began in August when the club lost eight in a row to four ball clubs (Angels, Brewers, Diamondbacks, Twins). Then in September — with no breaks in between — the Rangers won six, lost four, won six again and lost four again.

ADVERTISEMENT

Had they finished with one more four-game losing streak in Seattle, they would have missed the postseason entirely. Instead, they beat the Mariners one time and earned the wild-card spot that catapulted this team to seven straight playoff wins.

All of that is starting to feel like a long time ago, not earlier this week. They’re now locked in a 2-2 tie with Justin Verlander taking the mound for Houston on Friday afternoon. Although the Rangers beat him in the opener, it’s hard to count on Jordan Montgomery to deliver another 6 1/3 shutout innings. Houston has not only seen him, the club is feeling it at the plate at the Globe.

Alex Bregman’s two-run triple got the scoring started Thursday. Jose Altuve reached base four times with two doubles, a single and a walk. Yordan Alvarez feels like a dangerous thrill ride for the Rangers every at-bat even if he knocked in merely three runs with two singles and a sacrifice fly. Chas McCormick, a Rangers killer during the regular season, stroked his first home run of the playoffs in Game 4. Really, everyone but the lost right fielder, Kyle Tucker, has taken part in the fun the last two nights, and it’s Montgomery’s task to settle all that down.

No one can really say why the Rangers get so streaky and see their identity shift so quickly from invincible to inexcusable. For much of the late-season meltdown, fingers were pointed at the bullpen but they aren’t blowing leads against Houston. They’re fighting uphill battles just to stay afloat. The game was 3-3 after three innings Thursday but Texas had nearly exhausted two starting pitchers by then. Andrew Heaney didn’t finish the first while giving up three runs and Dunning got beat around and replaced in the fourth.

ADVERTISEMENT

Clearly, a quality start from Montgomery could save them although one has to expect a strong performance from Verlander as well. Two streaky teams are going at it in a pivotal game, and, if nothing else, fans can be thankful the Astros’ bats are leaving town Friday night.

Then the Rangers can see what’s left of that road streak Sunday at Minute Maid Park.

ADVERTISEMENT
Related Stories
VIEW MORE
Chris Young details Texas Rangers’ win-now mentality, ideas for roles in new-look bullpen
Texas Rangers agree to contracts with OF Leody Taveras and C Jonah Heim, avoid arbitration
Jake Burger sees opportunity with Texas Rangers, Bruce Bochy as ‘learning experience’

Find more Rangers coverage from The Dallas Morning News here.

By Tim Cowlishaw

Tim Cowlishaw arrived at the News more than 40 years ago, covering SMU in the fall of 1983. Since that time, he has been the national baseball writer, the Cowboys beat writer for six seasons, the Stars beat writer for three seasons and a sports columnist since 1998. As Stars coach Pete DeBoer can tell you, Tim writes what he wants.

Connect:
ADVERTISEMENT
MOST POPULAR
1
5 thoughts from Texas-Ohio State: Longhorns stuffed in red zone, title run comes to an end
2
Dallas-Fort Worth treacherous road conditions to stretch into Saturday morning
3
JCPenney merging with Aeropostale, Nautica operator to form a new company based in Plano
4
With thanks to Toyota, I moved on from Lexus ... to a Tesla
5
National reaction from Texas’ Cotton Bowl loss: ‘This game is on nobody but Sark’
ADVERTISEMENT
TOP PICKS
Things to Do

Plan your week with our local event calendar.

ADVERTISEMENT
Texas' Leading News Source
Est. October 1, 1885
ADVERTISE WITH US
Autos
Classifieds
Jobs
Obituaries
Public Notices
BUY
Archive
Back Copies
DMN Store
Licensing
Photo Reprints
Today's Paper
COMPANY
About The Dallas Morning News
Accessibility
Careers
Content Removal Review
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Privacy Policy
Site Map
PRODUCTS
ePaper
ePaper (Al Día)
Newsletters
Podcasts
SUBSCRIBER SERVICES
Contact Us
Delivery Issues
Help Center
Manage Your Digital Subscription
Manage Your Print Subscription
Member Rewards
Terms of Service
Vacation Stop
Copyright © 2025 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.dallasnews.com/sports/rangers/2023/10/19/the-streaky-texas-rangers-have-returned-vs-astros-in-alcs-for-better-or-worse/ 
 ----- 
