Skip to Article
Set weather
Subscribe
Sign in
SPORTS
Houston Astros at Texas Rangers: How to watch, live stream Game 5 of ALCS
Updated: Oct. 20, 2023, 10:06 a.m.|Published: Oct. 20, 2023, 10:00 a.m.

Houston Astros' Jose Altuve (27) celebrates in the dugout after scoring during the eighth inning in Game 4 of the baseball American League Championship Series against the Texas Rangers Thursday, Oct. 19, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Vasquez)

By Paul Vigna | pvigna@pennlive.com

The Texas Rangers appeared to be in control of their best-of-seven American League Championship Series (ALCS), winning the first two games over the Astros in Houston.

WATCH: FS1, fubo TV (FREE trial) and DirecTV Stream (discount)
0:00
/
0:44
Keep Watching
'We're watching history, folks' - Malone on Westbrook and Jokic's triple-doubles'We're watching history, folks' - Malone on Westbrook and Jokic's triple-doubles

Then the series moved to Globe Life Field, in Arlington, Texas, and all the momentum shifted to the Astros, who won the next two games.

With the series tied at 2-2, Game 5 is scheduled for 5:07 p.m. EDT Friday. It will feature the same matchup as in Game 1, with Justin Verlander (13-8, 3.22 ERA, 1.13 WHIP, 144 strikeouts) pitching for the Astros against Jordan Montgomery (10-11, 3.20 ERA, 1.19 WHIP, 166 strikeouts) for the Rangers. Montgomery pitched 6.1 shutout innings in that one and earned the victory a 2-0 Rangers win.

FS1 will air the game, and it will be live-streamed by fubo TV (FREE trial) and DirecTV Stream (discount).

Four batters in on Thursday, the Astros had a 3-0 lead. After Texas tied the game in the third, Yordan Alvarez hit a go-ahead sacrifice fly and José Abreu followed with a three-run homer to send Houston ahead for good. That this series has been so topsy-turvy, with neither team winning at home yet, hasn’t been a total surprise.

The Astros are 40-45 at home this year, losing three of four in the AL playoffs. But they have won 18 of their last 21 road games, including all four in the postseason.

WATCH: FS1, fubo TV (FREE trial) and DirecTV Stream (discount)

“It’s the strangest thing I’ve ever seen because usually you want to be .500 on the road and way over .500 at home,” manager Dusty Baker said after the game. “I asked the team in spring training to be the best road team. Maybe I should have asked them to be the best road and home team. They usually give me what I ask for.”

Texas and Houston are in the seventh best-of-seven series in which the road team has won the first four games, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. The prior time it occurred was in 2019 when Washington defeated Houston in a seven-game World Series in which only road teams won.

The only other League Championship Series in which the visiting team won the first four games was the 1993 ALCS, which opened at the Chicago White Sox. After the visiting team won the first four games, Toronto won Game 5 at home and Game 6 at Comiskey Park.

Texas Rangers starting pitcher Andrew Heaney, center right, hands the ball to manager Bruce Bochy, left, after being pulled during the first inning in Game 4 of the baseball American League Championship Series against the Houston Astros Thursday, Oct. 19, 2023, in Arlington, Texas. (AP Photo/Godofredo A. Våsquez)AP

One thing for sure, the Astros are seeing the ball a lot better at Globe Life, with players up and down the lineup starting to hit. Jose Altuve had three hits in his 100th career postseason game and scored three runs for a record sixth time, and Mauricio Dubon and Yordan Alvarez had two hits apiece on Thursday.

Alvarez’s home run gave him 13 RBIs already this postseason, and Chas McCormick added a two-run homer.

As for the Rangers, they need to regain momentum. After starting this postseason with seven consecutive wins — six on the road – they have now dropped two straight.

WATCH: FS1, fubo TV (FREE trial) and DirecTV Stream (discount)

The home field, overall, hasn’t been kind to the Rangers, who are 1-2 at home in these playoffs and 10-18 in franchise history. That .357 winning percentage is the third-lowest for the postseason in major league history.

“Every single game is its own game,” second baseman Marcus Semien told reporters. “Tomorrow we can wake up and turn the series around. This series is still ours to win because we’re at home behind our fans. We get out to a 3-2 lead tomorrow, it’ll be a nice flight to Houston.”

Here is the remaining schedule for this best-of-seven ALCS:

Friday, Oct. 20: Game 5, Astros at Rangers, 5:07 p.m. ET, FS1

RECOMMENDED•PENNLIVE.COM

Pittsburgh Steelers will face Baltimore Ravens in playoff gameJan. 5, 2025, 7:37 p.m.

Lions secure NFC’s No. 1 spot while Broncos, Buccaneers clinch NFL’s final 2 playoff spotsJan. 6, 2025, 12:19 a.m.

Sunday, Oct. 22: Game 6, Rangers at Astros, 8:03 p.m. ET, FS1

Monday, Oct. 23: Game 7 (if necessary), Rangers at Astros, 8:03 p.m. ET, Fox/FS1

Fanduel Sportsbook MLB line: Rangers -114, Astros -106; over/under is 8 1/2 runs

If you purchase a product or register for an account through a link on our site, we may receive compensation. By using this site, you consent to our User Agreement and agree that your clicks, interactions, and personal information may be collected, recorded, and/or stored by us and social media and other third-party partners in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

About Us
Contact Us
Send Us a News Tip
PA Media Group
The Patriot-News
Advertise with Us
Career Opportunities
PennLive
Community Rules
Accessibility Statement
Subscriptions
PennLive
The Patriot-News
Newsletters
Already a Subscriber
Manage your Subscription
Place a Vacation Hold
Make a Payment
Delivery Feedback
PennLive Sections
Business
Obituaries
Jobs
Autos
Real Estate
Rentals
Classifieds
Home
News
Sports
PSU Football
High School Sports
Betting
Entertainment
Pa. Life & Culture
Pa. Food & Dining
Opinion
Mobile Apps
iPhone, Android Apps
Tablet Apps
More on PennLive
Weather News
Archives
Post a Job
Post a Classified Ad
Sell your Car
Sell/Rent your Home
Sponsor Content
Follow Us
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
RSS
Your Privacy Choices
|
Privacy Policy
|User Agreement
|Ad Choices

Use of and/or registration on any portion of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement, (updated 8/1/2024) and acknowledgement of our Privacy Policy, and Your Privacy Choices and Rights (updated 1/1/2025).

© 2025 Advance Local Media LLC. All rights reserved (About Us).
The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Local.

Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site.

YouTube's privacy policy is available here and YouTube's terms of service is available here.

Ad Choices
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.pennlive.com/sports/2023/10/houston-astros-at-texas-rangers-how-to-watch-live-stream-game-5-of-alcs.html 
 ----- 
