Log in
LOG IN

Continue with Google

Stay Logged In
Forgot your display name
or password?
or
CREATE ACCOUNT
MLB Scores & Matchups Free Picks Odds Prop Projections Futures News & Analysis MLB Contest World Series Teams Players Standings Statistics Weather Umpires Injuries League Trends Print Sheets
Reds vs Cardinals Prediction, Picks & Odds for Today's MLB Game

Sonny Gray's numbers aren't ones to write home about, but his knack for stacking strikeouts will come in handy against Cincy.

Neil Parker • Betting Analyst
Sep 12, 2024 • 09:30 ET • 4 min read

This article contains predictions for an old game!

Latest MLB Picks
Photo By - USA TODAY Sports

St. Louis Cardinals starter Sonny Gray has lost both games to his former team, and he’ll face the Cincinnati Reds for the third time this season Thursday afternoon at Busch Stadium.

My Reds vs. Cardinals predictions are calling for Gray to laugh loudest this time around. Find out why in my MLB picks for September 12 below.

Reds vs Cardinals prediction

My best bet
Sonny Gray Over 5.5 strikeouts (-138 at FanDuel)

Best odds available in your region


My analysis

The Cincinnati Reds strikeout in bunches with the fourth-highest strikeout percentage (25.0%) against RHP this season and the eighth-highest overall with a 24.8% mark over the past 30 days. Cincy also hasn’t packed much punch at the plate, with a middling .308 wOBA against righties this year.

It’s a great setup for St. Louis Cardinals hurler Sonny Gray to fill the K column with ticks again. He’s fanned six or more in 12 of his past 13 starts while averaging 92.7 pitches, and his 2.86 xFIP and 28.4% K rate are also impressive marks during the stretch. For comparison, Gray ranks fifth out of the 63 qualified starters in xFIP during the run. His 31.2% called-plus-swinging-strike rate ranks fifth, too.

The veteran righty has been a touch unlucky, though. His 4.71 ERA over his past 13 starts is way above his xFIP and the ninth-highest mark among qualified arms. His .303 BABIP and 67.1% strand rate are also eyeing statistical correction and respectively rank 19th highest and sixth lowest. 

It’s a testament to Gray’s strikeout ability to consistently pile up Ks despite having such poor fortune during the run, and it’s another reason I’m not surprised to see the action coming in on Gray’s Over in this market.

MORE MLB PICKS

Reds vs Cardinals same-game parlay (SGP)

Sonny Gray Over 5.5 strikeouts

Cardinals moneyline

Jakob Junis Over 2.5 strikeouts

+320 at FanDuel

I’m fully expecting another solid outing from Gray on Thursday, and with the highlighted room for statistical correction, it could be a quiet afternoon at the dish for the Reds. On the flip side, Cincy starter Jakob Junis is still being stretched out and making just his fourth start of the season. 

Junis fanned five batters across five innings and 73 pitches last time out against the New York Mets, and I’m anticipating him pitching deep enough into this afternoon's game to record three strikeouts. The Cards have a middling 22.4% K rate against righties for the year, so the matchup checks out for this low total.

Finally, this same-game parlay is trading at just +298 through DraftKings, so landing the +320 FanDuel odds provides a positive expected value of 5%.

Learn how to bet a same-game parlay with these helpful tips and strategies.

Reds vs Cardinals odds
Reds vs Cardinals live odds

Reds vs Cardinals opening odds
Moneyline: Cincinnati +155 | St. Louis -185
Run line: Cincinnati +1.5 (-140) | St. Louis -1.5 (+120)
Over/Under: Over 7.5 (-105) | Under 7.5 (-115)
Reds vs Cardinals moneyline and Over/Under analysis
There has been a minor move to the Cincinnati moneyline at both Pinnacle and bet365.
Pinnacle opened St. Louis -166 and is hanging -163 as of Thursday morning, while bet365 dropped the Cards from an opening -185 to -180. These moneyline odds also reinforce the advantage that’s available by simply shopping for the best number.
This total hasn’t seen notable movement, either. It’s at 7.5 at both shops with the higher vig attached to the Under.
Reds vs Cardinals trend

Sonny Gray has six or more strikeouts in 12 of his past 13 starts. Find more MLB betting trends for Reds vs. Cardinals.

Reds vs Cardinals game info
Location:	Busch Stadium, St. Louis, MO
Date:	Thursday, 9-12-2024
First pitch:	1:15 p.m. ET
TV:	Bally Sports Ohio, Bally Sports Midwest
Reds starting pitcher:	Jakob Junis
(4-0, 2.82 ERA)
Cardinals starting pitcher:	Sonny Gray
(12-9, 3.84 ERA)
Reds vs Cardinals latest injuries

Reds vs Cardinals weather

Not intended for use in MA.
Affiliate Disclosure: Our team of experts has thoroughly researched and handpicked each product that appears on our website. We may receive compensation if you sign up through our links.

Pages related to this topic
Sports Betting Arizona
Ohio Sports Betting
Arkansas Sports Betting
Missouri Sports Betting
MLB Betting Sites
Best Arizona Sportsbook Promotions
Best Ohio Sportsbook Promotions
Best Arkansas Sportsbook Promos
Best Ohio Betting Apps
Ohio Online Casinos
   
Neil Parker
Betting Analyst

Neil Parker is, first and foremost, a sports fan. A huge supporter of the Cowboys, Cubs, and Maple Leafs, he has managed to parlay his passion into writing gigs with Sportsbook Review, USA TODAY, theScore, DraftKings Playbook, and RotoWire, among many others. He also co-hosted the Daily Fantasy Edge podcast and can now be seen offering expert golf and hockey advice on Covers’ Before you Bet broadcast.

Neil takes a numbers-based approach to his handicapping and complements his in-depth statistical analysis with a keen eye on the markets to provide the best available odds. He loves to lean on his rolodex of idioms to offset his inner nerd. When it comes to wagering, he throws down on anything that catches his eye at bet365, Betway and BetVictor. He also keeps a close eye on CoolBet because the polar bear brand often has outlier NHL and NFL moneyline prices.

Neil graduated with honors from St. Thomas University in 2007 before completing his BEd at Acadia University in 2010. After teaching a myriad of courses and subjects, he found a groove delivering fun lessons to exceptional learners in non-traditional classroom environments. If his decade-plus teaching run taught him anything about sports betting, it’s to stay the course and use the summer – or offseason – to refresh and prepare to be better in the year to come.

Neil’s top pieces of advice for recreational bettors are to stay within your means and to remember sportsbooks aren’t bank accounts. Don’t be afraid to pull those winnings and treat yourself to a lifetime experience courtesy of a big win.

Read More
On this page
Best bet
Same-game parlay
Odds
Trend to know
Game info
Upcoming Picks
 Commanders vs Buccaneers Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Josh Inglis
 Packers vs Eagles Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Neil Parker
 Broncos vs Bills Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Rohit Ponnaiya
 Steelers vs Ravens Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Jason Logan
 Chargers vs Texans Predictions and Picks for NFL Wild Card Weekend
Neil Parker
 Wizards vs Bulls Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game
Douglas Farmer
 UCLA vs Maryland Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s College Basketball Game
Chris Hatfield
 Jets vs Kings Prediction, Picks & Odds for Tonight’s NHL Game
Neil Parker
 Ohio State vs Texas Predictions, Picks, & Best Bets for the Cotton Bowl
Andrew Caley
 Kings vs Celtics Prediction, Picks, and Odds for Tonight’s NBA Game
Andrew Caley
Popular Content
 2025 Cy Young Odds: Burnes Joins NL Fray in Arizona
Jason Wilson | Jan 3, 2025
 2025 World Series Odds: Mets Put Chips in on Soto
Jason Wilson | Dec 13, 2024
 2025 MLB MVP Odds: Betting Lines for AL & NL MVP Race
Jason Wilson | Dec 11, 2024
 Juan Soto Next Team Odds: Weighing His Options
Jason Wilson | Dec 4, 2024
 2024 Rookie of the Year Odds: Skenes, Gil Win Honors
Jason Wilson | Nov 19, 2024
 World Series MVP Odds: Freeman Wins World Series MVP
Jason Wilson | Oct 31, 2024
Smarter sports betting
4 tips to be a winning sports bettor
Find the best odds, make more money
Why you need more betting apps
Legal US sports betting
Best US betting sites
Arizona sports betting
Colorado sports betting
Connecticut sports betting
Indiana sports betting
Iowa sports betting
Kansas sports betting
Kentucky sports betting
Louisiana sports betting
Maine sports betting
Massachusetts sports betting
Maryland sports betting
Michigan sports betting
New Jersey sports betting
New York sports betting
North Carolina sports betting
Ohio sports betting
Pennsylvania sports betting
Tennessee sports betting
Virginia sports betting
Vermont sports betting
West Virginia sports betting
Wyoming sports betting
Legal Canadian sports betting
Best Canadian betting sites
Ontario sports betting
ABOUT US
Contact Us
Careers
Our Team
Brand
Testimonials

BETTING GUIDES
Sportsbook Reviews
Sports Betting News
Podcasts
Responsible Gaming

SPORTS BETTING
US Betting Sites
Canada Betting Sites
Canada Casinos
Best Betting Apps

CONTESTS
Streak Survivor
King of Covers
Ultimate Race
Office Pools

The Covers community has 618,670 lifetime members worldwide Join our community today
Established in 1995,
Covers is the world
leader in sports
betting information.

21+ Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER
Site Map Help Privacy Terms of Service      
Covers is verified safe by:
    
Copyright © 1995 - 2025 CS Media Limited All Rights Reserved.



If you choose to make use of any information on this website including online sports betting services from any websites that may be featured on this website, we strongly recommend that you carefully check your local laws before doing so.It is your sole responsibility to understand your local laws and observe them strictly.Covers does not provide any advice or guidance as to the legality of online sports betting or other online gambling activities within your jurisdiction and you are responsible for complying with laws that are applicable to you in your relevant locality.Covers disclaims all liability associated with your use of this website and use of any information contained on it.As a condition of using this website, you agree to hold the owner of this website harmless from any claims arising from your use of any services on any third party website that may be featured by Covers.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.covers.com/mlb/reds-vs-cardinals-prediction-picks-today-thursday-9-12-2024 
 ----- 
