MLB

Teams
• • •
Log In
Subscribe
Free Agent Big Board
Already a subscriber? Log in.
INTRODUCTORY OFFER
Score expert coverage of your favorite teams and leagues.
original price:  
$2
sale price:  
 $0.50/week
Billed as $2 every 4 weeks for your first year,
then $8 thereafter. Cancel anytime.

OR

Check out with card

Want access to all of The New York Times? Learn more.
Offer for a digital subscription to The Athletic. Your payment method will automatically be charged $2 in advance every four weeks for the first year and $8 every four weeks thereafter. This special offer is open only to the subscriber identified in this message. Your subscription will continue until you cancel. Cancellation takes effect at the end of your current billing period. Canceling your subscription to The Athletic will not cancel your subscription to The New York Times, and canceling your subscription to The New York Times will not cancel your subscription to The Athletic. The print edition of The New York Times, digital access to New York Times news content, Games, Cooking, Audio or Wirecutter are not included. Taxes may apply. Offer terms are subject to change. Offer is for new subscribers to The Athletic only.
As the Mets wait on Francisco Lindor and Kodai Senga, they’re oozing with confidence
By Will Sammon
Sep 22, 2024

61

NEW YORK — Brandon Nimmo turned toward Citi Field’s crowd, the one he petitioned for a few days ago, the one that responded by filling every seat as the fifth-largest regular-season gathering in the stadium’s history. He had just hit a single to drive in the go-ahead run. Everyone then saw the emotion run through Nimmo as he emphatically made the club’s celebratory hit gesture for his teammates in the dugout and allowed himself a wholehearted roar.

“It felt unbelievable today, the energy, the atmosphere, the whole stadium was packed and they were all into it,” Nimmo said. “I alluded to it beforehand, that we were going to have playoff baseball here, and that’s what it felt like.”

An announced attendance of 44,152 Saturday watched the New York Mets beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6-3 and maintain a two-game lead for the final playoff spot. Seven games remain. One left at home. The expectation for Sunday night is another big crowd, possibly a second straight sellout. The Mets are hot. Since June, they’ve been hot. It only makes sense for the stands to be packed.

Also, it might be the final home game at Citi Field for Pete Alonso, a pending free agent and a franchise cornerstone.

“It’s not going to be his last game here,” Mets manager Carlos Mendoza said. “We’re expecting to be back here this year and play more games here.”

Confidence.

It’s not just coming from the skipper.

Winners of six out of eight games since Francisco Lindor, their MVP candidate, went down with a back injury, the Mets are oozing with confidence.

And considering this stretch, how they again bounced back Saturday after a lopsided loss the night before, why shouldn’t they be?

The best-case scenario for Lindor seems to be a return Tuesday, when the Mets start their series against the Atlanta Braves, Mendoza said. Lindor hit from both sides during batting practice and fielded groundballs, among other baseball activities. Lindor said Saturday that he felt better than he did the day before. It sounds like progress, but no one is quite making guarantees.

	Kodai Senga allowed two earned runs over 5 1/3 innings against the Braves in his only start this season. (Jim McIsaac / Getty Images)

Similarly, Kodai Senga’s status seemed encouraging, though no official plan was shared. Senga, limited to one start this season, threw 15 pitches (eight strikes) and allowed one walk with two strikeouts in a one-inning rehab start with Triple-A Syracuse, which scored eight runs in a long bottom half of the inning. If Senga makes an appearance when he’s eligible to come off the injured list next week, it’s expected to be a short one.

A reminder: That’s the Mets’ best player and the Mets’ best pitcher.

Yet they’re still mostly winning games.

“He’s a huge part of this team, but everyone has kind of stepped up around him and has been able to contribute,” Nimmo said of the club’s success without Lindor.

With his next sentence, Nimmo mentioned Luisangel Acuña, who has filled in admirably at shortstop despite getting called up just last week. Acuña hit another home run Saturday, his third. He’s played a smooth shortstop, too. All this for someone who said he wasn’t counting on joining the Mets in September, during the playoff push.

“You don’t get that every day,” Nimmo said.

Nimmo’s list of players could’ve kept going. He could’ve mentioned Sean Manaea (seven innings, three runs, three hits and six strikeouts in another terrific start Saturday). Or Edwin Díaz, who recorded the final four outs, going through the top of the Phillies’ batting order to do so. Or a handful of others.

They’re a confident bunch. And Francisco Alvarez probably leads the team in confidence. He has “The Best” tattooed on his neck. He doesn’t walk to the batter’s box, he swaggers there. He showed up to his postgame news conference with snazzy sunglasses atop his head. Veterans like Nimmo said they noticed Alvarez’s confidence from day one.

“He loves the big moments,” Nimmo said. “He’s almost foaming at the mouth to get up there.”

Alvarez has resumed delivering in important spots. In the middle of what he called the worst slump of his young career, Alvarez said he didn’t feel powerful, concerning coming from him. Alvarez continued to work with coaches to improve his timing and use his hips better. Over his last 30 plate appearances, Alvarez has five home runs, including a solo homer in the second inning Saturday to tie the score at 1-1. He added a two-run double in the seventh inning to make it 5-2.

“I feel very good,” Alvarez said of his confidence level. “I feel more powerful.”

When celebrating his double at second base, Alvarez jumped a few inches off the ground, rivaling Nimmo’s reaction earlier in the inning and similarly feeding off the moment.

They want more of them. They expect more of them.

“I’ve been here a while now; I want to see winning baseball, I want to see playoffs,” Nimmo said. “It was just a culmination of where we’re at, in my career, in this season, and it was a big moment. And I love that.”

(Top photo of Brandon Nimmo: Jim McIsaac / Getty Images)

Will Sammon is a staff writer for The Athletic, covering the New York Mets and Major League Baseball. A native of Queens, New York, Will previously covered the Milwaukee Brewers and Florida Gators football for The Athletic, starting in 2018. Before that, he covered Mississippi State for The Clarion-Ledger, Mississippi’s largest newspaper. Follow Will on Twitter @WillSammon

National
Boxing
Bundesliga
Champions League
Championship
College Football
College Sports
Copa America
Copa del Rey
Culture
Europa League
European Championship
FA Cup
Fantasy Baseball
Fantasy Basketball
Fantasy Football
Fantasy Hockey
Fantasy Premier League
Formula 1
Gaming
Golf
International Football
La Liga
League Cup
League One
League Two
LNH
Memorabilia & Collectibles
Men's College Basketball
Men's World Cup
Mixed Martial Arts
MLB
MLS
Motorsports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
NWSL
Olympics
Opinion
Premier League
Scottish Premiership
Serie A
Soccer
Sports Betting
Sports Business
Tennis
Top Sports News
UK Women's Football
WNBA
Women's College Basketball
Women's Euros
Women's Hockey
Women's World Cup
The Athletic Ink
Podcasts
Headlines
US
Arizona
Atlanta
Baltimore
Bay Area
Boston
Buffalo
Carolina
Chicago
Cincinnati
Cleveland
Columbus
Dallas
Denver
Detroit
Houston
Indiana
Jacksonville
Kansas City
Las Vegas
Los Angeles
Memphis
Miami
Minnesota
Nashville
New Orleans
New York
Oklahoma
Oregon
Orlando
Philadelphia
Pittsburgh
Sacramento
San Antonio
San Diego
Seattle
St. Louis
Tampa Bay
Utah
Washington DC
Wisconsin
Canada
Calgary
Edmonton
Montreal
Montréal (français)
Ottawa
Toronto
Vancouver
Winnipeg
Partners
Collectibles by eBay
Odds by BetMGM
Streaming by Fubo
Tickets by StubHub
Subscribe
Start Subscription
Buy a Gift
Student Discount
Group Subscriptions
HQ
About Us
Careers
Code of Conduct
Editorial Guidelines
Business Inquiries
Press Inquiries
Support
FAQ
Forgot Password?
Redeem Gift
Contact Us
Terms of Service
Newsletters
The Pulse
The Bounce
The Windup
Prime Tire
Full Time
Until Saturday
Scoop City
The Athletic FC
MoneyCall
©2025 The Athletic Media Company, A New York Times Company
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Support
Sitemap
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.nytimes.com/athletic/5784416/2024/09/21/mets-francisco-lindor-kodai-senga-confidence/ 
 ----- 
