Enable accessibility
AP SETS THE STANDARD FOR POLITICAL REPORTING.
SUPPORT INDEPENDENT, FACT-BASED JOURNALISM.
DONATE
Menu
Show Search
Wildfire tracker
California fires
Live updates: Trump hush money case
Winter storm
SPORTS
Mets prevent Phillies from clinching NL East with 6-3 win behind Sean Manaea and Francisco Alvarez
1 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Pete Alonso, second from left, and Brandon Nimmo (9) react after scoring on a double by Francisco Alvarez during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)

2 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Brandon Nimmo hits a single during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)

3 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Pete Alonso, right, reacts after being hit by a pitch during the seventh inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)

4 of 7 |  

Philadelphia Phillies’ Nick Castellanos follows through on a home run during the fifth inning of a baseball game against the New York Mets, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)

5 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Francisco Alvarez reacts rounding the bases after hitting a home run against the Philadelphia Phillies during the second inning of a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)

6 of 7 |  

New York Mets’ Sean Manaea pitches during the first inning of a baseball game against the Philadelphia Phillies, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)

7 of 7 |  

New York Mets outfielder Brandon Nimmo, left, and first baseman Pete Alonso, right, celebrate after defeating the Philadelphia Phillies in a baseball game, Saturday, Sept. 21, 2024, in New York. (AP Photo/Noah K. Murray)

Updated 2:17 AM UTC, September 22, 2024
Share

NEW YORK (AP) — Sean Manaea won his fourth straight decision, Brandon Nimmo hit a tiebreaking single in a three-run seventh inning and the New York Mets beat Philadelphia 6-3 on Saturday to prevent the Phillies from clinching the NL East title.

Francisco Alvarez and Luisangel Acuña hit second-inning home runs that put the Mets ahead 2-1. Alvarez added a two-run double in the seventh against Orion Kerkering (5-3) for a 5-2 lead, and Edwin Díaz got a four-out save.

New York (86-69) won for the 17th time in 22 games. The Mets remained two games ahead of Atlanta for the final NL wild card and improved to 5-1 on their seven-game homestand minus star shortstop Francisco Lindor (sore back). They are one game back of Arizona for the second wild cad.

“Yeah, we lost a guy that is in the MVP conversation,” manager Carlos Mendoza said, “but hey, we’ve got to keep going. ... We haven’t done anything. We’ve still got a lot of important games here.”

A crowd of 44,152 filled Citi Field, just the fourth sellout this season after opening day and a pair of Subway Series games against the Yankees.

“It felt unbelievable today,” said Nimmo, who had urged fans to turn out. “It was high energy. Every pitch mattered and the crowd was in it the whole time.”

RELATED STORIES
Mets and RHP Frankie Montas finalize $34 million, 2-year contract
Mets add Montas to their rotation with a $34 million, 2-year contract, AP source says
Mets and pitcher Sean Manaea finalize $75 million, 3-year deal

Philadelphia (92-63), which has lost two of the first three games of the four-game series, can secure its first NL East title since 2011 with a victory over the Mets on Sunday night. The Phillies clinched no worse than a wild card on Friday.

“We want to be able to get our division,” slugger Kyle Schwarber said.

Manaea (12-5) retired 21 of 24 batters, allowing Schwarber’s record 15th leadoff home run of the season, Nick Castellanos’ tying homer in the fifth and J.T. Realmuto’s leadoff single in the eighth. The 32-year-old left-hander never pitched from the stretch, allowing three runs and three hits in seven-plus innings while striking out six. Manaea lasted at least 6 2/3 innings for the eighth straight start.

Cal Stevenson’s RBI grounder off Reed Garrett in the eighth pulled the Phillies within two runs. Díaz threw a called third strike past Schwarber on a full-count fastball and finished for his 19th save in 25 chances, his third four-out save this season.

With the score 2-all, Kerkering walked Starling Marte leading off the seventh and with one out hit Pete Alonso on the left shoulder blade with a 97 mph pitch.

Nimmo lofted a single into left-center for a 3-2 lead, ending the Mets’ 0-for-14 streak with runners in scoring position. Nimmo stole second and Alvarez doubled just beyond the glove of left fielder Weston Wilson, who tried for a diving catch.

Alvarez hit a 113.8 mph drive for his 11th home run this season and fifth in nine games. Acuña’s homer was the third in his first 24 big league at-bats.

Alonso added an RBI single in the eighth when his two-out pop fly to short center fell between Stevenson and second baseman Bryson Stott, who each thought the other would catch the ball.

Phillies starter Ranger Suárez allowed five hits and three walks in five innings. His fastball velocity averaged 92.5 mph, an increase of 0.7 mph.

“I made some adjustments that have helped me get my velocity back,” Suárez said though a translator.

New York benched J.D. Martinez, in a career-worst 0-for-31 slide. Mark Vientos stuck out a career-worst five times.

The Mets finished 5-5 this season in their new gray City Connect jerseys.

TRAINER’S ROOM

Phillies: OF Austin Hayes (kidney infection), sidelined since Sept. 1, was 2 for 5 with two strikeouts as the DH in his first game of a rehab assignment for Triple-A Lehigh Valley. He is scheduled to play left field on Sunday. ... RHP Spencer Turnbull (strained right lat) is slated for a rehab outing with the IronPigs in their season finale Sunday.

Mets: RHP Kodai Senga pitched a hitless inning with a walk and two strikeouts for Triple-A Syracuse in his first rehab outing since straining his left calf in his season debut on July 26. He threw eight of 15 pitches for strikes. Senga missed the first half of the season because of a capsule shoulder strain that had sidelined him since spring training. ... RHP Paul Blackburn (spinal fluid leak in back) won’t pitch during the rest of the regular season, Mendoza said.

UP NEXT

Zack Wheeler (16-6, 2.56 ERA) starts for the Phillies against his former team in Sunday night’s series finale. RHP Tylor Megill (4-5, 4.08) goes for the Mets.

___

AP MLB: https://apnews.com/hub/mlb

  
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Michelle Obama doesn't attend state funeral for Jimmy Carter
These Cards Offer 0% Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet
:
Advertisement
Woman who stabbed classmate to please Slender Man can be released from psychiatric hospi tal
Suspect captured in the killing of a Wisconsin woman and 2...
'Pizzagate' gunman killed by police in North Carolina after traffic stop, authorities say
As wildfires rage in Los Angeles, Trump doesn't offer much sym...
As the cataclysmic wildfires rage across Los Angeles, President-elect Donald...
AP News
Watchdog group seeks investiga tion into RFK Jr. for voting fro...
New York election officials have been asked to investigate whether Robert F....
AP News
Who Has the Cheapest Car Insurance in South Carolina (Check Zip...
Financebuzz
Advertisement:
Forget You're Even Wearing it: Our Smalle st and Most Accurat...
Dexcom
Advertisement:
MD: Building Muscle After 60 Comes Down To This 1 Thing
Apex Labs
Advertisement:
If you have a mouse, this game will keep you up all night. No...
Combat Siege
Advertisement:
Play Now
Empty Cruises Departi ng From South Carolin a That Seniors Can...
Top Searcher Now
Advertisement:
Learn More
Dexcom G7: Make Better Glucose Decisi ons in the Moment
Dexcom
Advertisement:
Click Here
Japanese Endocrinologists Warn Reason Behind High Glucose Level...
Sugar Reverse
Advertisement:
Learn More
What if WW1 had never happened? Game simulates historical scenarios
This game takes you back to a crucial moment in US history.
Historical Strategy Game
Advertisement:
Play Now
Think all financial advi sors are the same? Think again.
Bankrate
Advertisement:
Read Now
The Cardinal Wood Carving Is Taking South Carolina By...
Sherum
Advertisement:
Learn More
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read Now
Trump wants to change colleges nationwide. GOP-led states...
As President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office, both conservative and...
AP News
Donald Trump Jr. arrives in Gree nland with a message from his...
President-elect Donald Trump has told residents of Greenland that “we’re going...
AP News
Add a Little Wild Charm to Your Christ mas Tree! Children...
ABOXUN
Advertisement:
Shop Now
Tired of knotted pet hair? Discover a painle ss solution for home...
Glosrity
Advertisement:
Learn More
What Is the Rejoyn App, and How Does It Help with Depression?
GoodRx
Advertisement:
West Virginia care facility staff members charged in death of...
Two staff members at a northern West Virginia long-term care facility have been...
AP News
Talford leads Winthrop against Longwood after 21-point outing
Winthrop hosts the Longwood Lancers after Kelton Talford scored 21 points in...
AP News
Blood sugar above 100? Try this cinnamo n ritual tonight
Better Health News
Advertisement:
See The Value Of Anyone's' Home By Searching Address...
Home Value Lookup
Advertisement:
Search Now
South Carolina: Why Are People Loving This Wooden Jigsaw...
Puzzloom
Advertisement:
Read More
by Taboola
Suggested For You
Why Choose a Fiduciary Advisor?
Bankrate:Advertisement
Read Now
Get Any of These Credit Cards & Pay No Interest Until 2026
NerdWallet:Advertisement
Get Offer
This Headlight Glasses That's Making Nighttime Driving As Daytime Driving
Sherum:Advertisement
Learn More
Instantly Lookup Anyone's Home Value by Address (Take a Look)
Instant Home Value Lookup:Advertisement
The Associated Press is an independent global news organization dedicated to factual reporting. Founded in 1846, AP today remains the most trusted source of fast, accurate, unbiased news in all formats and the essential provider of the technology and services vital to the news business. More than half the world’s population sees AP journalism every day.
THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
AP.ORG 
CAREERS 
ADVERTISE WITH US 
CONTACT US
ACCESSIBILITY STATEMENT
TERMS OF USE
PRIVACY POLICY
DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION 
LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
CA NOTICE OF COLLECTION 
MORE FROM AP NEWS
ABOUT 
AP NEWS VALUES AND PRINCIPLES 
AP’S ROLE IN ELECTIONS 
AP LEADS 
AP DEFINITIVE SOURCE BLOG 
AP IMAGES SPOTLIGHT BLOG 
AP STYLEBOOK 

Copyright 2025 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.

twitter
instagram
facebook
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://apnews.com/article/phillies-mets-score-101d686654677d01e26172b5f642d427 
 ----- 
