Skip to main content
Fear The Sword homepage
a Cleveland Cavaliers community
Follow Fear The Sword online:
Log in or sign up
Site search
Search
Fear The Sword main menu
FANPOSTS
ABOUT
MORE 
ALL 300 COMMUNITIES ON 

FILED UNDER:

BEST OF SB NATION BASKETBALL
 
CUP OF CAVS
Cup of Cavs: Isaac Okoro belongs as a roller

Cavs news and links for Friday, October 11.

By Tony Pesta@Tony_Pesta  Oct 11, 2024, 4:00am CDT  2 Comments / 2 New
Share this story
Share this on Facebook (opens in new window)
Share this on Twitter (opens in new window)
SHARE
All sharing options
The first sip

The Cleveland Cavaliers have been dealing with a dilemma that has haunted many modern NBA teams. They have a fantastic defensive prospect in Isaac Okoro — but his offensive limitations have made it difficult to keep him on the floor.

Okoro’s left no doubt in our minds that he’s a stellar defender. He’s checked opposing guards and scaled up to contain wings, like in the NBA Playoffs against Paolo Banchero. Yet, as badly as you want Okoro out there for his defense, he hasn’t consistently provided enough to justify having him out there.

He’s put in the work to improve as a three-point shooter. Going from a 29% shooter in his rookie season to 39.1% in his most recent is no joke, But Okoro’s best attempt at being a floor spacer hasn’t fooled opponents. He still gets ignored when he’s away from the play.

So, how do you fix this? Well, Kenny Atkinson has decided that including Okoro in more plays might be worth a shot.

On Thursday night, Okoro was featured in numerous pick-and-roll plays. Notably not as the ball-handler but as the screener. The Cavs ran this action three times and scored on all three attempts.

The concept is simple. Okoro’s defender can’t cheat off him if he’s setting a ball screen. It’s the same idea you’d use for any non-shooting big who makes a living on pick-and-rolls. Getting Okoro in the action and using his athleticism in a downhill attack to the basket is more ideal than asking him to stand in the corner.

I wouldn’t expect the Cavs to spam Okoro PNRs anytime soon. But other comparable players have found success in this role. Bruce Brown comes to mind as a recent example. Okoro’s development should not rely entirely on being a volume shooter. Maximizing his talent for attacking the rim as a roller could be another piece of the puzzle.

WNBA schedule this weekend
WNBA Finals Game 2: Minnesota Lynx vs. New York Liberty - Sunday 3 PM, ABC
NBA preseason schedule this weekend
Sixers vs. Timberwolves - Friday, 7 PM
Jazz vs. Spurs - Saturday, 8 PM
Timberwolves vs. Knicks - Sunday, 6 PM, ESPN
Suns vs. Nuggets - Sunday, 8:30 PM, ESPN
Links of the day
Dean Wade “doesn’t know how good a shooter he is”
Warriors almost broke single-game three-point record in preseason
Is Zaccharie Risacher good?
Danny Green was the perfect role player
MORE FROM FEAR THE SWORD
Kenny Atkinson has been impressed with Max Strus coming off the bench: ‘I love it’
Cavs vs. Thunder ratings prove that fans prefer games over narratives
Cavs incredible offense allows them to win games they deserve to lose
Player Grades - Cavs vs Raptors
Darius Garland’s late-game heroics lift Cavs in sloppy 132-126 win over Raptors
Darius Garland moves up NBA All-Star voting list
Sponsored Content
Loading comments...
Chorus
	
FanPosts
Masthead
Community Guidelines
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
	
Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs SB Nation Masthead Company Blog Blog Openings Editorial Ethics and Guidelines
Vox Media
Terms of Use Privacy Notice Cookie Policy Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data  Licensing FAQ Accessibility Platform Status Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media
© 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved


Gambling Problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER (1-800-426-2537). Hope is here. GamblingHelpLineMA.org or call (800) 327-5050 for 24/7 support (MA). Visit www.mdgamblinghelp.org (MD). Call 877-8HOPE-NY or text HOPENY (467369) (NY). 21+ (18+ D.C.) and present in select states (for KS, in affiliation with Kansas Star Casino). Call 1-888-789-7777 or visit ccpg.org/chat (CT) or visit FanDuel.com/RG.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.fearthesword.com/2024/10/11/24267487/cup-of-cavs-isaac-okoro-belongs-as-a-roller 
 ----- 
