Skip to main content
Enable accessibility for low vision
Open the accessibility menu
ON SI
SI.COM
SI SWIMSUIT
SI SPORTSBOOK
SI TICKETS
SI RESORTS
Cavaliers Impressed By This Guard In Expanded Role
Cleveland Cavaliers head coach Kenny Atkinson liked what he saw from one player in their 129-117 loss to Indiana
Jake Vulinec | Oct 11, 2024
Oct 10, 2024; Cleveland, Ohio, USA; Cleveland Cavaliers guard Ty Jerome (2) rebounds in the first quarter against the Indiana Pacers at Rocket Mortgage FieldHouse. / David Richard-Imagn Images
In this story:
Cleveland Cavaliers

The Cleveland Cavaliers sat a majority of their starters in their 129-117 loss to the Indiana Pacers Thursday night. That allowed Cavs’ guard Ty Jerome to show what the offense looked like with him at the helm.

Jerome finished his night with 15 points and eight assists, knocking down five of his 14 shot attempts. The game marked the 27-year-old’s second one back from an ankle injury that kept him sidelined for all but two games last season.

“I do think coming back from that injury, that’s not easy,” Cavs’ head coach Kenny Atkinson said after the loss. “I do think he looked better than the first night. “Ran the team a little better, his conditioning was a little better. That was part of the plan tonight, getting him some good minutes.”

Jerome got the start and played 24 minutes alongside key contributors like Jarrett Allen and Issac Okoro. The former first-round pick established a connection with both players, setting up each teammate for baskets multiple times throughout the night. 

While the Cavs seem loaded at the guard position with Darius Garland and Donovan Mitchell, Jerome could find a way to carve out a role off the bench this season. 

“Haven’t answered that yet,” Atkinson responded to a question about whether he plans to play Garland or Mitchell at all times. “Going to have to get with the staff and see what that looks like. [Jerome] has definitely given us some thought.”

It appears the guard has caught his coach’s eye. To keep it, he needs to improve his shooting numbers. Jerome has shot just 7-of-24 from the field in the team’s two preseason matchups. 

Luckily for Jerome, it’s not just his shooting performance that could earn him a spot on the floor.

“Ty’s 6-foot-5 right? He’s not a small guy. So we can also play him at the two,” said Atkinson. “I love having his IQ out there around the right lineups. He could be useful.”

Thursday’s showing was a positive for Jerome, with Atkinson closing out his initial remarks by saying, “I thought he was good.”

Published Oct 11, 2024
JAKE VULINEC

Home
/
News
You might also like
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Takedown Policy
Terms and Conditions
SI Accessibility Statement
Cookie Preferences

© 2025 ABG-SI LLC - SPORTS ILLUSTRATED IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF ABG-SI LLC. - All Rights Reserved. The content on this site is for entertainment and educational purposes only. Betting and gambling content is intended for individuals 21+ and is based on individual commentators' opinions and not that of Sports Illustrated or its affiliates, licensees and related brands. All picks and predictions are suggestions only and not a guarantee of success or profit. If you or someone you know has a gambling problem, crisis counseling and referral services can be accessed by calling 1-800-GAMBLER.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://www.si.com/nba/cavaliers/news/cleveland-cavaliers-impressed-ty-jerome-expanded-role 
 ----- 
