Skip to Navigation
Skip to Main Content
Skip to Related Content
Yahoo Sports
Yahoo Sports
Search query
Mail
Sign in
 NBA
Scores/Schedules
News
Standings
NBA Cup Bracket
Stats
Teams
Players
Injuries
Odds
Fantasy Basketball
The Kevin O'Connor Show
The Big Number
Good Word with Goodwill
NBA Cup
All-Star Game
Playoffs
Draft
Summer League
How to Watch
…
Ohio State headed to title game
Pelicans suspend Zion for being late
Deshaun Watson tears Achilles again
NFL All-Pro team
Venu streaming service scrapped
Akron Beacon Journal
Ex-Akron basketball star Enrique Freeman shines with Pacers in homecoming against Cavs
Dustin Dopirak, Indianapolis Star
Fri, Oct 11, 2024·2 min read
Indiana Pacers forward Enrique Freeman (8) poses for a photo Monday, Sept. 30, 2024, during Pacers media day at Gainbridge Fieldhouse in Indianapolis.

The Indiana Pacers can't hang a lot of relevance on their 129-117 preseason win over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday, considering Cleveland held out four of its starters including Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland and Evan Mobley as well as top sub and former Pacers guard Caris LeVert. That's not nearly the same as beating the team that grabbed last year's No. 4 seed in the Eastern Conference and took out the young and dangerous Magic before losing to the Celtics in five games in the semifinals.

This game might not have mattered much to most of its participants, but it meant a great deal to rookie Enrique Freeman, the Cleveland native who starred at Akron, leading Division I in rebounding as a senior. Freeman might come back to Cleveland this year, but he's on a two-way contract so he also might not. His family and friends took advantage of the moment as he had more than 50 people on hand for Thursday night's game.

As Rick Carlisle tends to do, he found opportunities for Freeman to shine. He actually checked in first among players who would be considered part of the third unit and he played 16 minutes and 18 seconds, more than Ben Sheppard and more than starters Andrew Nembhard and Aaron Nesmith.

ATLANTA, GEORGIA - OCTOBER 08: Enrique Freeman #8 of the Indiana Pacers attempts a save a ball against Zaccharie Risacher #10 and David Roddy #8 of the Atlanta Hawks during the third quarter at State Farm Arena on October 08, 2024 in Atlanta, Georgia.
More

He responded with a performance like so many of the ones he had at Akron. He posted nine points and nine rebounds with seven of those boards coming on the offensive glass. He was energetic on both ends and even showed range knocking down a 3-pointer. He also added an assist and a blocked shot.

The evening didn't end well as he came down awkwardly on his right leg late in the game. It seemed like he was dealing with cramps but it wasn't clear what his injury was. Veteran James Johnson Jr. ultimately had to help him to the locker room.

Freeman is on a two-way contract and considering the makeup of the rest of the roster he'll likely spend more time with the Mad Ants this year than the Pacers. But his energy on Thursday was a sign the second-round pick might have a chance to make an impact in the long term.

This article originally appeared on Indianapolis Star: Ex-Akron star Enrique Freeman shines in homecoming against Cavs

Recommended Stories
Yahoo Sports
Bill McCartney, former championship-winning head coach at Colorado, dies at age 84

McCartney, who led the Buffaloes to three Big Eight titles and a national title in 1990, was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 2013.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Ohio State opens as 9.5-point favorite over Notre Dame in national title game

The Buckeyes and Fighting Irish will meet on Jan. 20 in Atlanta.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: The 5 key plays from Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will play Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

7h ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Jack Sawyer's fumble return TD cements Ohio State's Cotton Bowl win over Texas

The Buckeyes will meet Notre Dame for the national title on Jan. 20.

8h ago
Yahoo Sports
UCLA's Mick Cronin ejected from 79-61 loss to Maryland after arguing with officials

With five minutes left in the game, Cronin was given a technical and ejected after furiously contesting what he thought was a missed call.

9h ago
Yahoo Sports
Ohio State QB Will Howard plays through Cotton Bowl with gruesome injury on left hand

Howard's left hand got hit hard in the first half.

10h ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles wildfires: Cardinals provide jets for Rams players, staff, families and pets ahead of relocated wild-card game

The Rams are getting some help from a division rival.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cotton Bowl score, results: Ohio State handles Texas, advances to title game

The title game is set.

13h ago
Yahoo Sports
Browns QB Deshaun Watson tears Achilles for second time since October, availability for 2025 season in doubt

Watson tore his Achilles for the first time on Oct. 20 against the Bengals.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Inside a creative resource Sean McVay’s Rams could use to decode the Vikings

Los Angeles has a season-long strategy to practice responding to unpredictability, which Brian Flores' Vikings defense will certainly present.

14h ago
Yahoo Sports
Cavaliers beat Thunder in clash of NBA's top teams

The NBA's best offense beat the NBA's best defense, in a game with 30 lead changes and no double-digit leads.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
Georgia QB Carson Beck commits to Miami for final season of college football

Beck had entered the 2025 NFL Draft before heading into the transfer portal.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
Thunder vs. Cavaliers: Key takeaways from Cleveland's impressive victory

Some key observations and analysis on two teams that could be around in June.

2d ago
Yahoo Sports
CFP semifinal reactions: Did Notre Dame get LUCKY? and where it ALL went wrong for Penn State | College Football Power Hour

Caroline Fenton, Jason Fitz & Adam Breneman react to this Orange Bowl ‘instant classic’ as Notre Dame defeats Penn State 27-24.

18h ago
Yahoo Sports
NFL injury tracker, wild-card weekend: 'Business as usual' for Jordan Love, Ravens' Zay Flowers out, Jalen Hurts cleared

Here's everything you need to know injury-wise for wild-card weekend.

23h ago
Yahoo Sports
2024 NFL All-Pro team announced, led by Lamar Jackson at QB

The Lions and Ravens led with four players each named first-team All-Pro.

19h ago
Yahoo Sports
Tony Meola & Keith Costigan chat MLS & Milan, Dax McCarty talks beating Lionel Messi & a manager firing spree!

Christian and Alexis bring on USMNT legend Tony Meola and Apple TV Keith Costigan to chat the state of MLS ahead of the 2025 season. Then, Christian and Alexis have 19 season MLS veteran Dax McCarty join the show to look back at a decorated career that includes beating Messi. Later, Christian and Alexis eact to news in Europe including West Ham sacking head coach Julen Lopetegui as well as Tottenham and Newcastle taking the lead in their Carabao Cup semifinal ties.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame beats Penn State 27-24 on late field goal

Mitch Jeter hit a 41-yard kick with seven seconds to go.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
College Football Playoff: Notre Dame QB Riley Leonard briefly leaves Orange Bowl win in second quarter

The back of Leonard's head appeared to hit the turf after he was hit.

1d ago
Yahoo Sports
Los Angeles fires: NFL moves Vikings-Rams wild-card game to Arizona

Fans can start buying tickets for Vikings-Rams on Friday.

1d ago
Home
NFL
NCAAF
NBA
Daily Draw
NHL
NCAAB
NCAAW
MLB
Fantasy Sports
Soccer
Tennis
Golf
WNBA
Women's Sports
Combat
MMA
Boxing
Wrestling
College Sports
Motorsports
Horse Racing
UFL
Cycling
Sportsbook
Olympics
Cricket
Rivals
What & How To Watch
Yahoo Sports AM
Newsletters
GameChannel
Videos
RSS
Jobs
Help
More News
Terms
 and 
Privacy Policy
Privacy Dashboard
Help
Share Your Feedback
About Us
About Our Ads
Follow us on
snapchat
twitter
facebook-logo
instagram1
youtube
tiktok
Download our app
© 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved.
 
 
 ----- 
 Source link : https://sports.yahoo.com/ex-akron-basketball-star-enrique-143856366.html 
 ----- 
